I'm very tired lately. I literally too lazy to get up and fill up my water bottle sometime. This year, it's been different because my minds are in a really good place. I know that because there's so much noise and talk and shit going on about me now. I've won three times in the neurosurgeon, people want to see me with failures and shortcomings and following. I just can't get to that point in the career when someone has put just a few people to talk a lot of shit and I can talk about that if you use so much. Come on, Chris! Come on, come on, come on! We're home, I'm gonna be a champion! Let's go, we're home, we're home! What is up YouTube? This is absolute prep late for me now. Eat calvins on the phone for like five minutes and I'm like, yo, I gotta eat right now. This is my third meal, I'm gonna be with my crew criminal in the serving. I have no patience to wait for you to eat. So I'm starting this video a little bit solar right now. But we're back in Canada now. We're in Dallas for four days. Give them good work at sin and got my head in the great spot. A lot of bunch of weight, really leaner, put on another pound or two and say, just lean some of my bodies in a great spot right now. Feeling good and we are under three weeks healthy lunchies. So get close. I came back and actually had a high carb day on Thanksgiving. No thanksgiving food. I had a slice of turkey breast. But no good thanksgiving food. So my carbs went up to, you guys all love the macros. My heart, the high carb day was about 450 grams of carbs. We shouldn't seem like a lot but even me eating that much. I was like tired and like, well, this is a good amount of food. Maybe more hungry, felt good. My weight only went up I think two pounds from that and then the next day did another little high carb day and I was 350 grams of carbs about that day. And I was having steak in salmon almost every meal and some avocado on one meal with my fish. So a higher fat as well that day. And I mean high carb days aren't as fun as people like to think there. It's a lot more optimal to eat healthy food. The same food you've been eating at a higher amount than going to get sushi, hamburgers. And then the bullshit is that you can mess up your digestion. It's going to explode you down. You can form the water. And you don't want to do that. The same is a new new refeed. So I also have been tracking myself pretty specifically because something has done in the past is not even enough salt. So now I've been putting one a piece of a teaspoon on every meal and then a good work at meal and breakfast meal. I've been putting two teaspoons, two one a piece of a teaspoon on it, two a piece of a teaspoon. And just being super consistent with that. So when I have higher carbs to do a little bit less sodium, a little bit less water, so my weight is fluctuating and it's going to be summer thing to work in our carb loading. So it's almost like a really mini mouth carb up. You see my body responded. My body responded great. It feels good to do it. And now we're back on and I only put on like a pound of two and it's already coming off quick. So feels good. Body is just responding. As it should be to food, low food, higher carb everything. So this is a pre-worked meal. A little bit of fish, a little bit of zucchini, a little bit of rice. But I could suck, but now that my food is decently lower than my last full day of eating, we're going to film another full day of eating this week. I just wanted to kind of give you guys a quick update that we're back in Florida. I don't know if I said we're back in Canada, we're back in Florida. Not Canada, definitely not. Definitely losing my mind right now. And yeah, so pre-worked meals, I'm going to put this down and see you guys at the gym. Or on the gym to the gym or for pre-worked. I don't, I'm just going to eat and stop talking. I'm going to put this down and let's go. Turn the flavor. Natural cabbage, sweet and we're still there, babe. I'll have some. You want to try it? Yeah. What kind of is it? It's a flavor. Cherry lime. Ooh, I actually love those crystal-lit cherry lime made back in the day. It's not quite it. See, I like this a lot. Yeah. I mean, considering the amount of ingredients that are in this product is impressive, it's not that easy. It's not that easy. It's like nothing. Yeah. It could be better though. What are you saying? I like it. Actually, it's pretty mellow. The little bit, it's very mellow. Super mellow, but I like that. I don't like a really, I don't want like Jolly Rancher in my mouth before I train. I mean, like mellow or some coffee. That's good. I approve and it's the best we can. I don't approve. We're going back to the Johnburg. All right. All right, so back day, beautiful old back day. That's the point now, we're like, I don't even know. It's so hard to be like wake up for a workout. The weird is that it's to say my body's asleep. A muscle is tired and empty and just like, okay, we're blood flowing and just like, get the fuck out of my head when I start to work out. So, you know, warm up, a lot of whole dances. I'll either be going to do a shovel, get up this time, and choose a reverse grip, and then we're going to go on some machine. Maybe it dumbbell, no crazy rows or anything today. And she can try and control it. She should have my back. Get it nice and shredded. Have a good back, though. I got no words. So waking up. I tried to check the muscles when you're this tired. I'm forcing that to myself. Gotta say huge. You feel like you're less tired this far out than you were last year? I'm probably going to use tired as far up, but much cleaner. When I was this lean last year, I was like one and a half weeks out. Two weeks out by the time I got this lean. And I was way more tired. So relatively, I guess, last time. So, we get tired. And it means I'll get the eat a little bit more food going to the show, which is a glorious thing. And I'll be less flat on stage. Fuller, thicker, cleaner. Beautiful time to be alive. R Maintenant. Like for sails. More effort and time to spend time with the bed. Good job. If you have any dressed up and damit up before reload. I was getting this point in prep, where I'd have it from a lock asleep or a lock of carbs or a bit of both. When my left, my right eye gets like a twitch and it's just like the underneath bag of my eyes just like, twitching, I don't even know if you can see it, but I thought I'm like an LED eye and it's just twitching. I haven't slept with a night in weeks so maybe I'll try it. You know, I think you know I'm gonna have a fucking eye go on out of the other direction. And that's when you know I'm fucking treated and my eyes can't even focus. Next level of shirt is... I'm gonna have to get in cab and like, I think I'm gonna shave it off. I'm gonna have to get my shave my mother. Is that a Dalton? A hundred Dalton? Yeah. A hundred Dalton like, the most big. A little Balzy. Maybe now the video won't get anything like, it's people like the mother. You never know, because it's a fun day. I'm gonna have to get my hair done. I'm gonna have to get my hair done. I'm gonna have to get my hair done. One arm, machine row. One row of beautiful rows. There is. But you gotta do a lot of weight. I don't even know if I can fit another plate on this thing. Six metal plates on. But only five rubber ones. Noted. Noted for five. So you're ever vibing your jacket into metal plates. I'm not jacked though. I'm not jacked. I'm not jacked. I'm not jacked. I'm not jacked. I'm not jacked. I'm not jacked. I'm not jacked. I'm not jacked. I'm not jacked. I'm not jacked. I'm not jacked. I'm not jacked. I'm not jacked. I'm not jacked. I'm not jacked. I'm not jacked. I'm not jacked. I'm not jacked. I'm not jacked. I'm not jacked. I'm not jacked. I'm not jacked. I'm not jacked. I'm not jacked. I'm not jacked. I'm not jacked. I'm not jacked. I'm not jacked. I'm not jacked. I got it. I'm not jacked. I'm not jacked. I'm not jacked. I'm not jacked. I'm not jacked. I'm not jacked. I'm not jacked. I'm not jacked. I'm not jacked. I'm not jacked. I'm not jacked. I'm not jacked. I'm not jacked. I'm not jacked. I'm not jacked. I'm not jacked. I'm not jacked. I'm not jacked. I'm not jacked. I'm not jacked. I'm not jacked. I'm not jacked. I'm not jacked. I'm not jacked. I'm not jacked. I'm not jacked. I'm not jacked. I'm not jacked. I'm not jacked. I'm not jacked. I'm not jacked. I'm not jacked. I'm not jacked. I'm not jacked. I'm not jacked. I'm not jacked. I'm not jacked. I'm not jacked. I'm not jacked. I'm not jacked. I'm not jacked. I'm not jacked. I'm not jacked. I'm not jacked. I'm not jacked. I'm not jacked. I'm not jacked. I'm not jacked. I'm not jacked. I'm not jacked. I'm not jacked. I'm not jacked. I'm not jacked. I'm not jacked. I'm not jacked. I'm not jacked. I'm not jacked.