What is up? YouTube. Oh yeah, here. My amy. Tell me a hat. Can I weigh your hat? Sure. I need to wear it. I'm going to try and do it. How small is your head? Really small. It's because I got clamped when I got pulled out of the baby. So you're kidding me. No. You're kidding me. No. When I shaved my head to get my hair trimmed, I was like, mom, did they pull my head with a clamp? When I was born, she said, yeah, why are you asking? I'm like, I'm bald. I can still see red and bald. Anyway, what is up? YouTube. We're in Miami, elevation fitness. And we're going to do carbs and arms, press bum stand. Great, intro. And this is not the answer. You're going to be able to run into the house. Did not say that. Did nobody stuck in this little room over there because he needed to be by himself here. So we're in love jury today. You're such a diva that you couldn't deal with being around the unwashed masses. The unwashed masses. The common folk, as you called them, when you came in. Yeah, you spat on their Lamborghinis as you walked through the front. The other mouseradis and Lamborghinis. GT3 RS. I'd have a truck. I'm a simple man. Quite quick truck. So, stuff forward, you know? It's a poor casual. So, last year, whatever the year before last year, you had by yourself. Yeah, I tore my bicycle three days out. And then this year, I tore my lap ten weeks out. Yeah. Have you thought that like, this isn't for me? It's a, yeah, like, just a total fluke. This entire sport is like you, like, dancing through different injuries. Literally. Elves are in injuries. I tore my hand. I don't want it. The 2019, 4, we can't. You had the stomach thing, 2020, 2021? That was 2018. 2018. As a being a year, where you haven't been injured. 2020 was the only year or something. Seriously, they didn't like fuck me up in my personal life or I didn't get injured. Well, roll on 2024. Right? Eventually, I got to have luck in my favorite. Mmm. I'm like, you want to do arms? So, they're sure it was calves? I'm like, okay. Shouting out Alex Homosi. This is what he does. Every session starts with calves. So, I don't disagree, and I actually really like it. But he's wrong, because he says that calves are the front garden of the body. And I'm like, at best, they're the back garden of the body. The front garden? Yeah. It's the first thing that you see when you walk up to the house. I'm like, nothing, not like a best at the back. Yeah, that would agree. You don't walk up to someone like this. You check them out for up, down, you know? Ah. How was, uh, fucking Istanbul? It was not bad. It was not. Well, we didn't do much. We went to like the hair clinic, sitting on the hotel. What was the heck thing? How was that? Was it painful? It was uncomfortable? Yeah. Like when I put the needles in the back of my head, it was like, nah, ten feet. And then... They don't, there's no local anesthetic, whatever? That's what it is. The needles took, for the anesthetic. Right, okay. So the thing is, those are the pain, is that I know how to ten feet. Exactly. Fantastic. And then they fill your head with the honey, if you like, yeah, I'm like that. Make it mind. And then you're lying on the face down for like four hours, and then on your side for two, and then on your back for like three, so like eight hours is a long-sense. What's the recovery being like? The first ten days are miserable. These are head still swollen, and you look like Frankenstein. Like literally the water in your head starts to come down behind your eyes, and you look like fucking retarded, like a giant forehead, you see it? It's like, it's pretty bad. And then you're covered in scabs, and you can't wash the scabs. You just have to like lie on a prop that pillously has not touching anything. So you couldn't train no exercise? You can't train for 30 days, no exercise, not even walking. I still won't even walking. Not even walking. Not like enough like a walking through that you sweat, you know? Like a walk it in Florida at least if I walk outside of my sweat, but it's so hot. So, wow. Yeah. I didn't know. No one's ever explained, because so many people know like Mike Thurston's had it done, a ton of friends have had it done. No one has explained the brutality at the next month. And then it looked weird for like six months. But then. But then. Centre parting baby. Maybe. If you're lucky. It's gonna be like just in Timberlake from EnSync in the 90s. Yeah. Oh no. Maybe you commented on the announcement. You commented on the post saying like congratulations on the one million. Let's do another at two mill. We hit two mill next month. Really? It's gonna be two mill next month. Yeah. So many people have messaged and got a sea bump made a deal. And like you do that wasn't a written contract. I think you'll find pertaining to Instagram calls number 37. You said we'll do another one at two mill. And you like that. Yeah, exactly. That constitutes a verbally written contract. But yeah. How long has it been? Five and a half years to do one mill. Ten months to do two months. Ten months. That's insane. Scary. Do you move this up? I haven't changed it. I did it. I did it. You're in charge. Don't. I don't. I do have that for like so I'm just doing these two. It's nice. That's cute actually. Yeah. It's kind of cute. Imagine if you did like. Big push day with Jordan Peterson. You're a pro. Can you imagine a place? Can't believe you've got a Camaro. I know. If I was to buy Mustang or a Camaro or a pickup truck in the UK, that's like a joke car. Yeah. It's like a Halloween outfit. Whereas over here it's unironically actually a car that you. Some normal people. People put their fucking car seats in the bag of that. Correct. I'm a daily commuter. Why do I think that? Yeah. It's the back of that car. It's so small. Calling it a focic car is a lie. It's not a focic car. Just go warm up my old arms. All right. What are we doing? What's this? Just seated. Some supernated, some non-supinated. Right now I'm just literally warming up my elbows because they're cold and tight. I've never trained this early in the morning. So just warming up. But eventually the goal is to like pause in like four seconds through deep stretch. Okay. Three to four seconds. Okay. You wanted to pick and choose? That one is the equipment I wanted. So I actually partnered with a equipment distributor. Like connections with everyone. And then I was, they were helping me get everything. So I've shipped from people's basement from the 90s. That's the way. You have some new ponata, some other old like, change driven like, dory and the 80s. Pull over like seven of that shit. Not a lot of those. I have a lot of that. But you did it for a bit. Have you done a full gym equipment tour yet on the channel? Well, you have. Everyone does those. I know. Calvin. Well, you know, thinking about content. Thinking about it. Full gym tour. This is my not-less leg press. I love the cams on it. And then you can play drinking game of how many times the word force curve is used. How many force terms? Force curve. You know, like with the way that the cams are done. That's all that anyone else can do. Yeah, force curve on this thing. What are your calves? You know, like, you know, like, going to belt-driven thing. There's nothing fucking belt-tra poly. Yeah. But do you see how, you know, the see that thing with the red, like, the fucking cable coming over. Yeah. Is it a preacher kill? Looks like it is. Yeah. Yeah. It's not a circle. It's like that. That's a cam. Yeah. Oh. How long until kiddos here? Seven weeks. Cool. Less than two months. How do you feel? I'm excited. I'm excited also because I felt like stress about it because I've been traveling so much. And I feel like corny's been a long life. But I've been traveling like because I want to say that. I'm not because I want to stay home when the baby's here. Yes. So I actually be able to slow down and, like, well, comparing to this world, you know? That's fucking awesome. I don't know how much of a change is going to be in my life. But we'll figure it out. You've been doing, um, reading Baby Books and shit. Yeah. Have you? What's the, what if you learned about how humans work? But how humans work? Probably the biggest thing that I'm trying to, like, implement. Because I used to, no, I've never just sleep training. No, what's that? Sleep training when your baby hits, like, six weeks, six months old. And then when they cry, you just leave them alone to cry. So they self-smooth. Okay. And then they learn to, so they don't, they're not relying on you coming together. Every time they cry, so they're not too, like, people think they're going to be too reliant on you. But that's because we live in a Western society that enforces way too much, like, independence and, like, no social, culture community. So instead of what I feel like I'm, I want to do with corny is giving the baby space and infant space consistently, just to feel whatever motion they're in. Uh-huh. So, like, if they're feeling sad or angry, and they see me and corny, either not come to them or not give them love. Because they're sad or angry, they're going to think things out of an angry, the bad emotion, they shouldn't feel that. And then when they feel the emotions, they're going to shut down and go internal and not reach out for it. Is this comfort? A little bit of gabo matais stuff. Maybe. I know that guy. I know that man's every. I know. I feel like he's really against the cry it out. I'm sure then. Philosophy. So this kind of seems, I'm sure. Simulator though. Yeah. So that's probably our biggest goal. Do you try to help the baby regulate emotions appropriately? Yeah. Yeah. To feel comfortable, to come to us and to show anger and sadness and happiness and understand that it'll be loved regardless of the motion showing and it doesn't have to be a happy smiley baby to receive love, you know? To go. I've been thinking a lot. Security attached child. Dude, I've been thinking so much about feeling feelings. Like, I know that sounds like the most autistic thing that I could ever say. But like, it's all you can do with get along. That is why I mean David and so on and you. Yeah. Like, you had a camera in which speech it was. You did a speech where you said something like, I love myself to feel the feelings. When they were like, yeah. You numb the bad. You numb the good. Yes. Yeah. And there's been really, really thinking about that whole world of. Especially if you're doing the whole podcast. Oh, here's a cool mental model. I understand the evolutionary reason why we get anxious or feel attached or feel sad or have grief or have whatever. That's a really, really great way to protect yourself from ever having to feel feeling. Yeah. Because you're able to rationalize them. It's not anger or sadness or happiness or gratitude or whatever. It's like this adaptive evolutionary reason. Yeah. Yeah. It's like, oh, I'm protecting myself and the tiger in the woods or whatever. And it rips you out of that. So I'm really thinking about it's interesting. You said that about the secure attachment and allowing the child to not have a value of attachment about that run emotions. Yeah. I think that's something big that I'm trying to work on this year. It's so funny how many people in our generation I try to learn how to feel feelings. I'm not kidding. I'm not kidding. I'm not kidding. That's what I've done for five years. After I won the Olympian didn't really feel much. I was like, I need to fix this. Yeah. Now we're all like sad and alone and not connected to anyone. But I don't need that without any feelings. You'll like read something or someone will say something and you're all just like, almost have to tear up and you're like, what is that? What does that come from? Fight it. And then you just say, no, no, no. Never think about it again. Yeah. What are the cues that I'm thinking here? I just try and put myself into a position where like the hanging and a comfortable stretch and instead of rocking it up, pull it up at the very top to get that really tight biceps squeeze and hold that squeeze the whole way down for like three or four times. But you're feeling your muscle stretch the entire time. Never beat. Go. Yeah. Some serious forearm run you. Everyone's got something except when you stand next to fill Heath that have meet and greet that. And he makes you like puny. And then he made like a gay, hamacul joke. Talk about a hamacul. You're like, so easy. Yeah. Have you had, do you have a mug of your mouth? Yeah, he crushed. He crushed. Dude, the number of people that have come up about ours in particular. They could didn't do an outsize number of plays. It did like really great plays. It's like, like, 40 million awesome there. But the number of people that bring that one up to me. Really? Yeah. Yeah. That's cool. Fucking awesome. It looked great. It's ridiculous. Yeah. That's what I'm talking about. Teach me about this failing failinist thing. That's what I'm getting what you want. You should keep the question of the floor. Yeah. I think one of the things, I think a lot of feelings are connected to feeling with other people. And because we learn when we're young, not to feel with other people, the way to heal that is with someone. Someone who is safe, you know? Like if you find a partner who's safe and you're able to like talk to them about that. And just practice expressing more feelings. I want to talk to those tears. I kind of come up to them and you fight it. Being able to catch, not like in meditation when you catch a thought go. And then you just like, you see it. You pay attention to it and then you kind of like, it does what it does. Doing that was an emotion when it comes to breathing. Getting trying to get rid of it. Someone in meditating, I guess. I know you're failing at meditating and you like, I thought, come, you're like, fuck that thought. Get rid of it. So thinking, like a feeling comes fucked up. You're feeling get rid of it. And then it's all like your whole system that I want to quite instead of like just like embracing it as it comes and paying attention to it. You're allowing your body to do it normally. And then feeling safe to express it out loud to another person. Is that stage two? That stage two. So your body is like, this is okay. It's safe. I don't need to protect myself from this. No one's going to hurt me for sharing this or expressing it. It's actually going to create more feeling. That feels good. Yeah. I did a recently. And I'm like really, really tried hard to be open. Really tried. And all it felt like as I was talking was weakness and vulnerability. Like, like mess. Messiness and, and yeah, just not dialed, not slick. Not aspirational. Like, I don't know. Maybe even it wasn't performative, but because it's so different to me, it feels, it almost feels fake because it's real. Yeah. Does that make sense? Because your normal is. It's like, oh well, like, don't, they don't want to hear about like my personal struggles with this thing. So I'll keep that away. Yeah. It's a really, really working hard on feeling feelings. Generally, working hard on feeling feelings. This is the feelings gem. This isn't the muscle gem. Yeah. That's why I run this side. This is the feeling side. Yeah. This is where we train for feelings. That's why you really close did off. Yeah. That's the way I can cry. Without the guy that drives the Ferrari. Thank you. That can mean first working set. Shocked the muscle. Shocked the muscle. How do I do that? That's what people have these feelings or lack of feeling feelings. Stronger and more. Good life has a reward at the moment. You know? Like you were saying, like, people don't want to hear this. They want to hear like inspiration or like, well put together, like, constructed. That's like what you've done and that's what's given you what connection you have felt. But it hasn't obviously something so missing within that because it doesn't feel fully complete. I just. Like people who like attach that performance based living and they're young. They're like, okay, if I perform, if I'm happy and I do good in this, I get more attention and I love. And then the more they do that life also gives them money and a successful podcast and all these things. And they're like, obviously this is right, but why do I still feel empty, you know? So it's like a harder battle to. Yeah. Why it's weird because, you know, I've got this very neatly tied up story about being a club promoter and, you know, achieving success in a lot of the ways that people say that young people, young guys, especially supposed to, with money and status and acclaim and all of that stuff. And then realizing that that maybe wasn't fully aligned. Okay, well, I'll make some changes and everything's gotten awful or better. But there's still some things that are missing. There's still some things that are fundamentally missing. And I think that what's consistent throughout all of that is this a version to really fully engaging with emotions. Yeah. And that's embarrassing because you go, well, I thought, like the arc of the story is supposed to be neatly tied up with a bow on the other side and you're like, Oh, fuck, maybe I've got to do this again. And that's like, I don't know. At least the first time when no one's watching or when there's no story arc, there's no obligation. Yeah. Where is now to go, like, How do you feel though if there is no tidy bow at the end of any line? I don't necessarily mind. It's just that I thought that I had done that. Yeah. I've got to do it. You know, well, and in many ways I did, like, I've an awful, a better and I'm an awful, or a little bit more aligned in all of those things. And maybe it's holding yourself to high standards and thinking, I think there's more. I really do think that there's more. And I'm interested in finding out if there is, even if it is a bit embarrassing or if it sucks to try and, like, reach what? Like reach whatever that. I think the biggest mind fuck and I have your probably even more of this in me. But it's like when I was young because I had this feeling I was like, alright, let me dive into this whole, like, self help exploration under sitting in the mind of this shit. So I can find what it is that's missing. And I could, you keep, like, if I have the high expectations for myself, so I want to feel more feeling. I want to feel more love and success and everything. But like, in seeking it, you're almost like not finding it. You know, it's not like you're finding something that's out there. It's like, have you ever done a podcast with Peter Crom? Yes. That can't be shit. Yeah. This is all thing. He's great. Yeah, he's a beast. I met him at a party actually, a few, uh, when are your weird little famous people, part-ish? A little bit. Yeah. We weren't drinking baby blood or sacrificing goats at the full moon this time now. Yeah. Why are you laughing? It's the success, well. Like, literally 10 years before I've heard it put into words, if you can be in a bad mood for no reason, you can be in a good mood for no reason. So, and also, having resting serious face is not a life hack. Like, resting smiling face is way better. Yeah. This is really cool. I put it in my newsletter last week. Charles Darwin, it was Darwin day, like a week and a half ago. It's birthday. There's this letter from Charles Darwin. I think it's one of the first photos that he ever sees of himself. It's like the 1800s, not many photos, not like people snapping photos all day. Yeah. And he's seen it. Note to his friend about this image of him, and he says, If this is truly how my face looks, the fact I have a single friend in the world, it may as is me. And it's like, this dude's just the most awful, resting serious face that you've seen. It's brilliant. It's awesome. Did you think of Ryan's win this year? Because obviously he tried to win, tried to win, tried to win and in fact didn't. Yeah. Like, what was different this year from your, you've got an insight into this world. I honestly didn't look at two deeply adding on new computers again. Yeah. I feel like he looked his best ever. He claims his posing was better. Yeah. But I think whatever he did, like, mentally. That's what I really believe, right? And I think well before he was above. Timmer, what he came last year, but he's just almost, I feel like he almost is a fuck. I'm never going to win who cares. Let me just do this. Let me just get on there. Actually, perhaps, my posing has fixed it. Do this properly. Have no injuries this year. Take some time, like, away from Britain and the family, just focus on being selfish. Who the fuck cares? What happens? I just want to look my best. I think you're releasing that pressure. It's body just, like, relax a little bit and it's just kind of like, it's wild. I was surprised by how much of your physical game you see is a mental thing. Yeah. And, like, the mentality plays way more of a part in your, your conception of your sport. I believe so. But it's not even, I don't ever hear you talking about this is how you manipulate your willpower so that you stay on your diet. It's not to do with it. It doesn't really seem to be directly related to the body. Correct. Correct. No. Correct. It's just literally finding the self-sign. Yeah. Trying to be a human. Feeling feelings and taking the pressure off yourself. There's a new buck out. I've got the guy coming on my show soon. David Brooks, it's called How to Truly Know a Person. The art of deeply seeing others and being seen awesome. Stinks of Chris Bumstedt. Absolutely. Stinks of you. It's really, it's really good. He's talking about, um, did you see the Theo von Sean Strickland clip? Yeah. Yeah. So that, like, holding space, you know, and not trying to sabotage when someone else is dealing with things. Yeah. All the rest of it. It's really good. What's his name? David Brooks. David Brooks. Oh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Exchange. And he just saw shit that I didn't see. So. Which exchange? Between Sean and Theo. Oh. And he explains this, but I think Sean's got a bottle of water in his left hand. And he's like, like, sort of splashing it around a little bit. And you can see this bit with his right hand, where he's like, going like this. And he's grasping for an answer. Like, he's actually trying to find something to hold on to. Yeah. And Charlie's like, so look at what he's doing. Like, he's, he's grasping for an answer. And then he grips his hand when he's got a hold of something. And then he sort of does this when he needs to self-sove. Yeah. It's fucking wild. I'll send you the video. It's really cool. I see. Where did that shit come from? Charter. When you're an infant. Like. Come on. Come on. I meant to tell Calvin about this, but I never did. When we had so big steak after we trained over at your place. Yeah. We went back. And there was you, Vaughn. A couple of other guys maybe. So you've got this group of dudes who are, like, fucking good luck in young kids. Fucking jacked out of their mind. Eating steak and like cracking jokes. You would think it would be a very, like, masculine, rival-race atmosphere. Yeah. But where is a lot of the time when you sit in tables like that? With guys like that, there would be a lot of posturing and talking over each other and almost trying to get a word in edge-wise and trying to make proof. It was almost the opposite. There was almost silence. There was big chunks of silence. Now it's sat there just sort of observing like this quite calm, sit there. Even though everyone's, again, you know, good luck in kids and jacked in everyone's. So make money and succeed and build this company and do all this stuff. There was this, like, there was moments of silence and, like, peace. And I really, it's obvious, it seems obvious to me that even though there's the aggression, like testosterone side of stuff. That's a, for that sort of a group of dudes. That's a very unique vibe, at least I thought so. And maybe I came in on a day when everyone was particularly quiet. Or whatever and I got a unrepresentative perspective of it. But at least that one evening, I was, who's surprising to see the guys, like, a little bit more. Maybe I was just bringing them the mood down at other. There's guys. No, I mean, there's groups of us within our community that are a little more like that. And those that are not, and none of us are like that. And I think, especially amongst, like, the fitness, like, community of people, with a little click set girl, I feel like we always have, like, all kind of felt like outsiders of that community. And I'm never really embedded in, like, good as a club, no other shit. Most of those guys are like that. And we're just not so we're more of just that. It was really, it was just down, and have our stick with a better thing. It felt like, you felt nice. It was good. casual. We got more, more. Yeah, more. Good. Because of the cams. Cams. Hey, this is, like, a fucking unstoppable object and an immovable force, but in the world of lessping. Like, between me and Chris. Why? Well, because I've got a bit of one in you. Yeah. I've never really noticed yours. It just comes out every so often. What's the word that I really struggle with with, uh, uh, fucking, is it cons, cons sequents? Consequents? Yeah. It's fucking, is yours like saliva building up in your mouth? No, I don't think so. The mind is sometimes is, like, saliva building up in the wrong spot. And I'll just not have to do a quick swallow. I think you're going so like, that doesn't mean, and then I lose track of my tongue in the public. For real. Now, I worked on it for a while. I got a speech coach. So for two years, I was doing my morning walk, doing tongue twist. Yeah. And the one that I had to do was, sinful Caesar, sipped his snifter, seized his knees and sneezed. Sneezed, bro. Say sneezed. Kneezed. It's so fucking, one way or the little. Sneezed is like, crypto night for a guy with a list. Two lots of people. I have a lot of group of men. Well, you feel feeling. Yeah, definitely. So it's, I learned what, like, the way it works. Yeah, gentle smile, a list. Make too much more approachable. You think? Well, you do, if you, it does if you're fucking 280 pounds. Well, people always think, I saw you. I thought you were like, it's a big and timid and a guy. And then you open your mouth. And I'm like, oh, I'm like, that a compliment or a slight roast. But I'll take it. You see the pod I did with Mike Isrittel? No. Really good. I've been diving into the parenting book. So I have a lot of silly podcasts. You know, have you been parenting podcasts? Is there any of those? I'm sure there are a fucking thing. But you've been doing the books. Yeah. How do you really cool conversation with a, uh, mass-to-mind group? I don't, I'm not in any of them, but I just attended some dinner one evening. Yeah. And there's super famous rich people and everyone's got a business and everyone, whatever. And they said, everyone's got any challenges. They're dealing with it at the moment. You know, we got a room of competent people here. Throw it out into the group, and we'll see if we can fix it. Let's do put this hand up. Is I, my wife's eight months pregnant and I don't feel like I'm going to be a good dad. We were all thinking it's going to be about, you know, supply chain, or revenue or accounting problem. And he said, the kids on him on the way and my wife can't wait for the baby to be here. But I don't, I don't feel anything. Like I'm excited, and I want the kid, but I'm scared that I don't have like some flood of emotions. Yeah. And I think I'm going to be about dad. And maybe this means I don't have the kid. Or maybe there's a problem in my relationship or whatever. And it's maybe at least two other people in the room. Guys who'd had kids, and we're like, dude, totally normal. Like absolutely completely normal. Gotta remember your wife got this cascade of hormones going on because she's got this kid inside of her. And you're just like essentially watching your wife get fatta. Like I believe you. You don't have the kid in there, but you're like, maybe you're just eating a lot. I don't know. I'm just kicking around in there. And then they said it took like six months for me and four months for this other guy. Yeah. So I actually be like, oh, this is happening. Yeah. But that was, that was really interesting. And it was so cool that this guy had what he thought was a curse. Like a personal pathology. It was his problem. Yeah. Two of the guys in the room were like, no. Yeah. Happens all the time. That's the weirdest thing is I just feel like so many people reach out to me with a ring. Like, because I've built so many connections due to more than the average person. Most people don't have that many connections. When I found out we were having a baby, I had fucking, I've heard like 30 people tell me exactly that. Wow. Men would come up to me like they're like, let me just tell you that. And then that's one of the first things they say. So I'm like, okay, so just expected that all along. Yeah. I remember we did this episode forever ago about, um, you put it up. I'd put it up a little bit. You're a big boy. You're a big boy. When I was at uni, I had, like, gone back with some chick that I'd fancy parades, but I'd had way too much to drink. I couldn't get it up. Yeah. And I was like, at the time, I thought, oh, this is something wrong. And then you get into your head and it takes progressively less alcohol to cause the same thing to happen. It's vicious spiral. Yeah. And I just told this story and I was like, and it just turned out that I'd basically got my own head and then it went away after a while of realizing that it was going to go away. Yeah. And this dude came up to me after one of my life shows and had tears in his eyes. And he said, you might have seen me, I was on the front row, but I had a seat next to me that was empty. He's like, okay, he's like, like, trying to calm himself down. I was like, what the fuck is this guy about to tell me? He says five years ago, I met this girl and I had whiskey dick on the first night. But she watched that episode of your podcast. So she realized that it wasn't about her. It was just like, I'd had a bit too much to drink. So she gave me a second chance. Yeah. And we've been in a relationship for the last five years. So I just wanted to thank you for like the best five years of my entire life. And I bought her a ticket to come with me. But five hours ago she broke up with me. And I feel like my world's ending. But even though that happened, I just wanted to tell you that I'm grateful that you helped me have the best five days. And we're in the middle of less to square. And the boy is waiting for us to go to some dinner or some thing afterwards. I'm like, I need to fucking, like, mean this guy. You're gonna go and have a little, a heart of a few hours. But yeah, just, that was wild. That was like, that's crazy. You see stories of people message you nice things online, but to see someone, you know, filled with emotion in front of you. Would that feel you with emotion? Yeah, a bit. But then even there, I'm like, don't cry. Don't cry. Don't cry. Like, you can't cry. Even though it's sad and beautiful and, like, terrible and great stuff. Yeah, I can, I knew we even get in that sort of, that was gonna be one of those moments where you probably were like, you felt the tears coming in and like the meditation. You felt you thought it. Yeah. But those are moments where you need to, like, just let it flow, you know? How's the nursery? Did it done? Motherfucker. Too busy reading books, that's why. Everyone keeps asking me that. I'm like, the baby's gonna sleep in, like, there's a little, we have a bass in there. That's like, it's a shelf that comes out for the child, right? It's a dickhead, baby shelf. It's like a little crib, but a mini crib. Is it another one that goes on the side of the bed? Oh yeah, yeah. Yeah, it's like a fucking shelf. Yeah, yeah. You're like, you've got your laptop goes up there and then the draw for the keyboard. And then the baby. I don't know. When does a baby stop being a baby? Like three? It's toddler. Three. What did you start being a fucking baby? I'm honestly waiting for that to happen. Apparently not 36. Uh, uh. Are you another seven years? What, uh. What were you saying no talks in, Paraband-free, fucking, paint in the baby room? Yeah. Yeah. Everything, because flame retardant for a while, they were making all baby stuff flame retardant in catch-on fire, but that's like a toxic chemical that makes it not flameable. So your baby won't be on fire, but might be retarded. Yeah, yeah. Go on in the burns of death, or be toxic. Rest for a while. Ah! He's recording on again, my humor about this stuff, but- Congratulations. Your baby is not a light, but is autistic. Humber? No. It didn't water, but- She wanted to, but the hospital doesn't know how to do the big-it-sav. This is why people have fucking ranches and communes, bro. Sorry, lady. You can't give birth to your baby. Ruh! The way you want. I think that muscle's bad. Ah! No! No! No! No! Hmm. Hmm. You know, looking back when you did the- I need to start feeling feelings. I need to understand emotion thing. Yeah. That was largely because you wanted you to be better, right? And also be better partner and better human and all the rest of it, but it's like, I achieved this thing and I didn't feel connected to it. I should change it. Downstream from that does that feel like preparing to become a dad as well. Yeah. I said that a lot. A lot of what I did, even when I was young. I've always had a huge aspiration to be a father. I've always just really looked forward to having kids. Me too. And so when I was doing a lot of this, a lot of it was about me being the best dad I can be. You know? Like this whole feeling feeling things that we all have. Like, what if I can raise a kid to not have to try and learn that in their 30s? They know it. You know? Imagine. It's not even about learning something. It's about unlearning, not learning it. What makes it? It's already there. It's a snake to us. Come on. Did you therapy? Did you do therapy? Did you do therapy? Did you do, like, did you have to talk therapy? Yeah. Did you? I still do. I've never, I've almost four years. Same person. No. I've seen three people. Do I want to have now as a go? I'm sure she'll always be my best student. I'm just a rematchee. She's rematchee. Oh well. Yeah, I started last summer. I sat next to a friend at dinner. Yeah. Who'd done daily psychotherapy for five years? Like, five days a week, five years. And in Osm. And he extored the virtues of how to change them. And it was real beneficial and stuff. And I thought if she can deal with his bullshit, she can definitely deal with me. Because he's way more fucked up than I am. So it's guy. It was like the canary in the coal mine. Whether or not this woman can deal with bullshit. And I was like, Hey, man, would you mind just he hasn't seen it for a good while. But she's still practicing. Yeah. So I got introed and I started working with it. It's fucking rough. It's really fucking rough. You find a good one. They can be rough for sure, but it works. Why it's not like she's very gentle. It's just so much to unpack. That's what I mean. It's almost like you ever get, or do you still or do you get anxious before? Speaking to her? Yeah. There's a waiting room. A little five meter by five meter waiting room outside. And there's copies of the New Yorker. She must have a subscription to the New Yorker. And I like leaf through the New Yorker. And try and find comics. You know, the little square drawings. I'll try and find one of those that make me giggle. I don't have to think about like, she's going to be real. I sit down and she's got this expectant fucking face on her. And she just looks at me and goes, and just waits for me to speak. Fuck. Damn it. No, you know what it's like to sit across from you. Ah, very good. Very good. I know that it's a meme to talk about my therapist said XYZ. I know it's such a meme, but I think it's working with the therapist that takes you to things about yourself that you didn't know. Yeah. Is like living in a house your entire life. And someone coming in and pointing out a room that you didn't know was there. And you thinking, oh yeah. What the fuck is that door? And you then you go through it and you go, holy fuck. This is where the kitchen leads to. I didn't realize that the, because I always wondered what the back end of that thing. And it makes connections. It makes sense. Yeah. Yeah. It's like that's been there all along. Yes. Yes. And someone else is coming in and gone. You do know that you do this. You're like, no. No, I don't. Oh, no. But it's a super meme. It's a super meme to say, oh my God. But I found it. I said, I opened up about this again, me trying to be totally honest on the show. It's making me a worse podcast like to do this because shit from conversations in therapy starts to bubble up throughout the rest of the week. And I can't unsee it. I can't not. Like a pattern that comes up about. I learned that I'm a people, please. Yeah. But every one around me. For me. And now, you know, I'm talking on the podcast and I'm thinking to, I can't not see that pattern while I'm talking to people. Yeah. What if it makes you better though? And it's not back the moment of break. I mean, the goal is obviously just different. Like transcendent include. Yeah. Right? It's to bring together all of this. Yeah. But this middle section is just me, like. Dropping. Tryna Holdan. The same thing with people is like, I, I'll ask, I'll never. I'm scared if I'm gonna do it, I'm not gonna, like, I'm gonna detach from everything I care about now, and they're like, well, then maybe you were never in a dump of it. Yeah, exactly. Maybe you don't care about it. Oh, yeah. How have you dealt with the increase in attention and stuff, like, just from the world? Keep a small circle, move to a small city. So you're trying to, the people I spend most of my time with other St. people, spend most of my time less than like six years ago, you know? So, I'm my business partner now of change in moving to Florida, but they're still all like, none of them treat me like I'm Seabun, they're just, you know? So no one I spend, I'm majority of my time with, treats me any differently than anyone I've ever had. Do you notice that sort of ambient sense that is just people out there watching? No. Really? Sometimes I think about it and I'm like, damn, but like, I'm usually, yeah. It's not really until I, like, yesterday, walk through there and people like, where I'm, oh, shit. You broke the event for, like, three months. Yes, a day. There's two, three meat and greets going on. And then all of those got ransacked by you trying to get to the green room. It's just a prize too, you know? No, I expect to see you there. Now, I'm just, that's something else I've been, like, feeling a bit recently, feeling. Feeling? Yeah. I don't feel me. Um, that just more scrutiny, obviously going on Rogan, like, every time that happens, there's a big explosion of, you know, the new eyes and people that got things to say and stuff like that. And there's kind of this generalized anti-influencer, anti-podcast sentiment, just like, out there at the moment, in any case. It's not, thankfully, not generated or directed of me, but I'm in the blast radius of it. You know, there's other people nearby that are kind of getting, and I don't want to switch off. From, you know, someone says something nice or if someone's got something like that guy that came up and said that thing, I don't want to discount everything that the audience ever says. But if you accept the good stuff that the audience says, it's very difficult to be like, I just want to go to not the bad. You either kind of accept everything. And then I see how a lot of influences or content creators or whatever get to the stage of going like, right? Fuck you. Like, I don't care about anyone. You're all a bunch of pores. Or you're all a bunch of idiots. You're all a bunch of whatever. Because that's their protection mechanism. They've been hurt by someone that they wanted to love them and wanted to like them. So much that they now just think all, and I don't want to get to that stage. And I'm not. But I'm also seeing the different paths and impulses of how that happens. And then another thing, like trying to be open and honest with the audience, that's hard. Because talking about this is like, oh, what a champagne problem to have. That's, hopefully one of the things. You feel guilty. It's not having any poor coming. Because people are, you have a way better than me. You should feel so happy. Precisely. Fuck. I guess the way that I feel doesn't count. I'll go cry in the closet there. Yeah. Yeah. I don't disagree. I think that's why it's so important to work your doing when you're talking about finding the kitchen, the room and the house you never knew. Yeah. If you discover that shit about yourself, I mean, it's the fucking oldest Gary Vaynerchuk, whatever. The shit people are saying if I hurt to you with this, it's probably something inside you that feels it. So if you know it all already, it's not gonna hurt you. But if someone comes up to you with tears and dwelling in their eyes, something you something so like positive that you help them. And you know that's real. Then that's a positive moment. If someone comes to you and like, you did this and it's fucked up and you know that I'm well, it was fucked up. You're gonna be like, they are right. But if you're a know, they're just being a fucking cynical asshole and you're so confident yourself. You know what? You can depict which good and bad is real and false, you know? But it's difficult. It's hard. That's the end. And you put yourself into way more scrutiny than me. That's true. Yeah. It's way different. Like, we do in Peterson was like, one of the first like, I'm very niche. Yep. Everyone is fitness like Chris is the bodybuilding nice guy. Peterson is like, no one knows who the fuck I am. Like who the fuck's this guy? All the people mad at me for even associating with Jordan B. It's because of all the drama around him, you know? You get that like monthly. Yeah, it's a, what's been your best tool to deal with all that? I don't know. Like, it's rough because meditation would be the one that I go to, but that's not feeling, right? That's releasing and allowing, right? Which is like you're not sitting in the emotion. You're not wondering where that comes from. You're not. They'll form a meditation to sit in the motion though. Yes. But the typical type of emotion is like, you notice it at a rise and then it dissipates because you're not vacillating and reminating about it. So, like the big, I'm working through it. Like I don't have the solution for this. And it is such a fucking champagne problem to be like, oh, all of the things that you want to happen with the show where, you know, you get to speak to whoever you want. People that used to idolize and now like rivals or friends or like someone that you can text for fucking coffee. Like all of these things are great. And then there's this sort of lurking side dish that comes along with it. But I realize this, I wrote it in a newsletter a little while ago that, because you remember the insults and not the compliments. Any increase in attention doesn't feel like an increase in support. It just feels like an increasing criticism here. And, you know, when you first start off, the audience is made up of people that know you and people that are super niche that fucking love you. But then when you start to break out into the real internet, that just picks up morassos. Like there's lots of assholes out in the real internet that aren't a part of the corrodians that wanted to support you. So I'm not, like I'm not built to deal with that, at least right now, like my constitution doesn't deal with that level of scrutiny and skepticism and cynicism and criticism and attention and stuff. Partly because we just covered with being a people of people, please, there is that like combat. I want people to like me. Yeah. I don't, I put a lot of stock in other people's opinions because I always wanted, like, I was wanted other people to want me as a part of whatever they were doing. And then it's very hard to split that off as you're like, yeah, but two million people aren't going to like you. Like obviously two million people or however many, like we'll do like half a billion players this year, right? Like half a billion people aren't going to, like not all of the, like some of them are going to have nasty things to say about. So I think one of the quotes that stuck with me was like, like, it was about setting in front of a crowd. Like if you're setting in front of a crowd and your goal is for them to like you and you're putting yourself worth on the line and you're a fail fail situation because they like you, they like you for something that you're not so you feel like yourself worth it's nothing. And if they don't like you, they feel like they don't like you so you're still worth it still nothing. But if you get on stage and your goal is just to be yourself then you can't fail. Because as long as you are yourself and at least for yourself and if they accept you, then they accept you for who you are. If they don't, you're going to go fuck the two of you are. You know, for being able, it sounds nice like that. But they actually build a little bit. So that's very different. Yeah. Yeah. Attention social media. Like just the amount of people you can have that have attention on yourself. It's not normal. If humans aren't meant to experience that. Scary. We're about a guy who is staying along swim. Right, actually? No. So similar, might as well be. Simmo, shit, yeah. And someone asked him at what point he felt the most emotion. You know, there was times when he might have drowned and there was times when stuff might have gone wrong and all the rest of it was he scared, was he whatever. And he said the only time that he felt the emotion was at the halfway point when he got to an island and at the end. And I always think about that guy. I think he was pulling a log like Ross did with his triathlon. Yeah. I always think about that guy as like the time that you feel emotions is when they accelerate or desalert. You know, if like your mum got an uncertain medical diagnosis. After about four days, that would just be life. Right, like it would be awful and you'd feel bad. But you would have a climateized to like that and be a little bit of anxiety. So, okay, and this is how I am now. But then if it changed, it was like, you've got the all clear, there would be a nation. Or if it got worse, there would be, right, you really only feel the acceleration and the desaleration of emotions. Yeah. Or, and I think the same is true with lifestyle. You know, you feel the change in scrutiny. Like you feel the change in these things. And I think that's an opportunity to like see what arises and go, okay, well, this is a time now where I can actually adapt to whatever this new world is and be like, okay, what is that to learn here? Like how is this making me feel? And the last 12 months have just been like consistent change. Change change change change. So, yeah. Definitely in that season of life. Yeah. But like I say, I really don't want it to be, I can totally 100% see. Like you saying keep your circle small. Or like, is it the Drake thing like no new friends? Yeah. Like all of those different, they're all coping mechanisms for there's lots and lots of attention on me and I don't know if the people out there have my best intentions at heart. Like that's what that is. Yeah. Uh, and I totally get how that's a good thing. But you don't want to do that plus resent the whole world. Because you see that in the turn of people online that have got this like bitterness against like everyone. This like nameless faceless enemy out there. Yeah. And they use that as fuel. But I don't think that that doesn't, that doesn't feel like the way that I would want. To let for sure. But I can feel this, this pivot. It's like, you know, choose your future Western man. And it's like, which path do you want to do? Do you want to be? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, see it. No, I mean, I definitely think defense or not. You need to be a lot more cautious about what you let in. But I definitely don't think shutting off your circles is like the best. If I get idea, I have to better have a better bullshit right there. You don't do out-trows on blogs. Do you sometimes, yeah? What do we just do with it? No, what's it? That was it. So nice. Yeah. No, that's true. That's fucking awesome. Unless we've done film and screen. You might have never mind. So even my what is that? I think we've done a film and screen. Yeah. I think we've done a film and screen. Yeah. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. So even my what is up YouTube started for me not me awkwardly not knowing how to start a video. I was like one time I was just like what is up YouTube. And I just went and then did the next time I was doing. I think. Yeah.