I'm gonna go waste. Looks like me one week out. I'm gonna kill myself for the next fucking six weeks just so try and look like that. What's up YouTube? We're with the runner the track star. Mr. Rommet track star. Mr. Lane Belieri. Lane Belieri. Back in Florida and his crocks. A hoodie and pants. I thought you might be wearing shorts now. You're tired. I might be wearing tights. I'm the way like three quarter light tights. Yeah, that's my chance. Still pants. So like kind of my calves. We can still see my quadra feet. So it's like the optimal look for it. It's a good frame. It makes your closet bigger because you're like the exact same thing. But it's fucking hot outside. We're in the gym with the way CNE still dress like this. Yeah, I get it. I haven't been doing these body-to-wear. So I gotta make sure I'm thoroughly warmed up here. You know, you're shredded, though, I'm sure. I'm very lean, but like I haven't done like just a back workout and well over a month. Yeah, yeah. So, you know, like I might do pull-ups and a row. That's it. Yeah, well, you can put me through and then jog around the building. Oh, I'm gonna fucking train. It's gonna be interesting to see what I can actually do something. You know, I'm gonna have a bit right now. Yeah, it's good to be doing back. If you do like three sets, I might just do like one. They have a big deal. We'll do one good set. It'll be every week. Well, yeah, we got Ian back here. We just did a podcast. He's talked about his fucking retirement a million times. So we're not gonna beat the dead horse, but jabbered on for an hour and a half. So go learn back. We're back into the world. So you're gonna be doing a lot of cool shit on YouTube. We have to over talk about a lot of living life. After bodybuilding. So stay tuned to that. But today we're bodybuilding because I'm so five weeks out. So we're getting in the night's little back workout. I feel like I need trucks. You know, they're going to be able to warn them. Yeah. What size of your these are 12? I think it's 13. Just what is it? 12-based wide enough? Oh, it's huge. Yeah, it's great. It's all like there. But where do you want to be having folks that are really pleasant? It's not really a small reason. Oh, they're done. I thought we were, yeah. Once you wear them, I want to see where them in the house. I wear them everywhere now. Yeah, all I care about is be able to read my code. Yeah. So if you go one size bigger, she got some room. But if you put them in sport mode, like this, put that down man. Whoop. I can feel it's good for you to run. I'm ready to run in the beautiful. But yes, let's go on. So stay tuned. We're going to be doing that workout. I hope we think that I got to do. Maybe I'll tell you and tell me what to do at the end of the workout. And we'll just get to make the most of it. So stay tuned. Let's do it. I can tell. My one cap has a little more like your issues than the other. Yeah. So like what feels tight on one leg and what feels down the other is like a completely different. Probably more than just probably. Sure. This one like doing with the bed leg. So like I guess more as I'm more soullious. It's like we tighter. Or this one stretch with the street. Like getting more into the gas truck is like way more. Kind of. My whole left leg. Like crank out. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You got it. When you do a workout, what's your like back? Or even doing it back to the book of Brad. Like working sets. Like exercise is what we looking for. I do it 2 working sets. One of them is often like a drop set or something. If I don't, and it feels good. I'll do 3. Yeah. that's six exercises, the warm and up was a pullover and then I would try to do bento-baros, take the past here again, so it's a little fucked up in the machines. Yeah, cool, cool. But it's just heavy. Nothing new? No. But I'm not home. I'm just going to do it. I'm going to work out how you're pushing like that. You're just like, like, what I've been doing, what I was doing for the first and a while, is like a pose of super sets and I would make like a striker for exercises. So to say if I would do like flat bench with a bento-baro, like two arm dumbbell roll, and then I would do like a dip and a pull-up. I would do like all four with like yo break, and then take like two minutes and do it again, so I'll keep my heart rate up there. So like by the end of that, I would make it so that by like, if I would say three or four rounds of that, by like the end of it, I was getting the sets like just with soft failure. Now what I've been doing, I'm trying to reduce. I'm like, I don't need to be doing like reps like that. So I'm doing like five by five bench, five by five standing overhead press, and then if I do some like a necessary workout, fuck me the problem is well now, I'll do like, yeah, my dip's my pull-ups. It's like 80, 90% 80%. Yeah, like, so like it feels good, I'm like, like, a pump, but I'm not pushing things to like, crazy to, you know, but like, you know, you know, you know, you know, like five by five, that's what's so nice to do. You know, push weight, but not like killing stuff. I'll put on for like, just shoulder plates and a 10 to 5 or three to quarter, you know, so it's like good, but I'll like challenge you to that that extent. So like my fucking one way back. I mean, to be honest, I couldn't probably do 10 reps with that before. That was like a rough, I probably do 50, 80 with 60. Yeah, 60. But yeah, I've trying to back down like, the actual reps in sets, you know, like, I'll try to do anything like 10 to 12 reps. Yeah, I try to like, increase stress, cortisol, and like, recovery. Yeah, I'm trying to get like, crazy pump right, and I'm like, the pipe works to be working out. Yeah. Yeah, I've got to see if you stick. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. When in Rome, you know? You think the stairs here? Yeah. In this, in my, in this weather, oh, that's rough. You act will make pretty well. Yeah. Yeah. I've been training even two, oh, they get two months. But not even. I mean, they didn't like, we're going out and running on the track. We're out of time. Yeah. You know, it would be 25 degrees here to run for two hours. Well, 100. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. This especially were running at six feet. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I would love to train here like seven feet. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I've got to go when you feel nice to. Yeah. Wow. Okay. Yeah. Don't feel uncomfortable. You can feel comfortable. Awesome. Could taste nice. Oh my gosh, you're like,eleka, I think it's good. It's good. It's good. It's good. I don't know. Anyone has any tricks or the deletating headache? Please help. I got the normal headache all the time. We're killing you. We started with pull over today. I love that knowledge pull over your machine. I'm going to put my legs back in a little bit. I'm going to be neglecting spinal load. I'm going to be doing a lot of chest support. I'm going to start off with that today. I'm going to be doing the first five or six reps. I'm walking on the squeeze. I'm going to focus on the breathing. Pulling it by hips. I'm going to do two sets with the grip. I'm going to pull my wrist. I'm going to do my wrist. I'm going to do my wrist. I'm going to do my wrist. I'm going to do my wrist. Come with this. There's a lot of stress in it. There. There. It's good. Okay. Good. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. It's quite, you know. Yeah. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Is it one, just calories? Umm very cool. It doesn't, doesn't, doesn't fucking cool air thick. Hmm, this. Looks like Gov把它. Okay. tener 3500 additions. manage school. but plywood tube so like, three witches. About almost. Short really quick. No. No, yeah. It's on the floor, we said I'm not gonna ride on the lift, we need your good shape for six weeks. I'm not gonna ride it. Double the lift bigger than last year. I think it's because I need the scooters, so I need to just stick your hands just to get the lift. That's all there's to work on it, Jim, like this, you just like, we get the seat pumps from the heat too, we're like, like, no, I never received the salt. I like, I felt like you know, yeah. I've spent so much here, I just like, do you've been having a couple of salt now? It's fine, it's been like, yeah, yeah, like, I've taken for the morning, it's, yeah, I put layers of them and I cover them in the fucking salt and it's like, like, that makes it a huge difference for your full nest. I feel like you're swindling, I'm just like, you're like, you could even sweat. No, yeah, I still have to hold a lot. But, and your kid needs to tolerate it fine. Yeah, good. Good. Good, good, great. Very good, stuff, so that's your help. Yeah. You want ID, you want to do the renal on there? You did? No. You did ID, I did ID, yeah. But there's one where they actually put it into the renal by the seat, it's in there. Yeah, not the kidney, the renal artery. Okay, so I'll go in to the interchid needs, yeah, the country, but he said you've got tangible different trip just doing ID exactly. Yeah. So I might do the renal one more and do that. Yeah. It's a good school. You got a nice track. Yeah. Good. Good. Good. Good. It's a good speed attack. Good. Good. Hard. There's a good thing. Big breath. Good. Good. Good. Good. Really good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Oh, my God. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. or what my weight cut off would last you so my will just hop into meant for the tickets here which I've been shooting apps for like five weeks so who knows maybe I'll be able to do it cash being the board shorts for the 23 Nothing I'm eating probably similar than what I'm looking at. You're a public, like, busy car you ever need to answer. I'm not sure what you're doing though, but I'm not doing party weights on the same day. So your cardio is like real cardio, big hours, bit and all. Yeah, now we're spin-run like in my heart, like 1.60. It's not like going hard. Yeah, I'm doing like 1.10 once, 20. Yeah, and I'll do an hour and 10, 3 times a week. Plus two hours a week of your try. So I guess two or four seven hours a part of your meal, but six or seven, you know, an alcoholic way through four and ten. Yes, you still have muscle. Especially with like burning muscle, like the gym and stuff, like really bring your energy reserves down. I'm really doing twice a week and you're like, I'm like buying exercise in like seven times a week. Yeah, you're good. Essential nervous. Yeah, it's not the nervous system, but I'm probably more than. Yeah. Alright, so I squish my split up a little bit. So maybe my next video, I'm gonna explain what my split is. And for the end of the prep series, I'm starting to explain everything I'm doing. But I do arms after back now, we're at the four ESP more spread out. So instead of doing back and by, they just focus on a full complete back workout, arms tomorrow. So because of that, I added in rear delts. On to back there, because you're already hitting them a little bit. So I just hit one or two specific rear delts movements. Just to help cap off my shoulders, get a little chopp in there too. So if you're back with that, you can turn it on to buy stuff. Probably the first time training arm that a month. If you're doing some rear delts, and then call it a day. And then you'll waste your time. And then you'll waste your time. And then you'll waste your time. There's definitely a little smaller. There are nearly as full. Yeah, the full vest. Yeah, it's fucking shredded though. It was like me one week after. I'm gonna kill myself for the next six weeks. Just so drive-look like that. Yeah, but I did it at the complete expensive muscle. That's like the opposite of bodybuild. But it was like beer because like see you're starting a journey to like downsize. I didn't have any body battle when I started that journey. Yeah, like it was 12 weeks, 10 weeks out from the building. Yeah, just on Toronto, I was only like 12-15 pounds up from stage. So it's always like eight, nine percent body battle. So it's like where do you go other than to lose body battle and get a muscle? So first it was like a big drop in coldness and water. And I looked really small in first. In this little drop I looked smaller than I do now. And then it kind of like leveled out when my body got used to how much food was coming in, how much I got up was. And then I fell a little polar. And then I just started to leaner. You know, we got to the amount of muscle you could roll down easily. Yeah, and then the glycogen could fill that up and sit in that. Yeah. What you said the way you're training is like what you did. What you did what are on track. But you wanted to downsize a bit. And you wanted to join to be like, really, I would just say you wanted to try. No warning. I would do the circuits like I was doing at first. I would do like chest and back opposing. You know, my set of tries have opposing kind of stuff like that. And just doing like four or five exercises to roll. Like what I was doing, I'd be like, like, like, having lean, able stability to make the shift. Yeah, what you made a little bit, but probably not. I mean, depends what I want to do. Like, if I'm like, I'm going to play like men's league basketball. I would have to pressure. I'd be getting all like a fucking topsy-turvy angle shit, you know. Oh, yeah, especially the warning, it's like, hey, I want to go fucking height. Now, tell me, jarrel, I probably need to do some shit like that. Yeah, I don't think. I don't know how to go to the, I wanted to, like, some crazy now. Yeah, like, every space can't tool. Not because I get the least once a year. I get with like a very gripping obsession with doing those things. I get like down like a rabbit hole, like two months where I'm watching all the documentaries, all the 8,000 meter keys, you know. Like almost fucking, like, an off-leg grade to doing that. What they, you know, I'm not sure. I'm going to go right about my ears. But I think it would be because like you stand based down for a little bit, and you like take you two weeks, even hike to base camp, that is like an acclamation. I mean, guy diving, always fuck that out there. And you're coming out from what's in the end of the seat, and it's just here's the pop of the bleeding. And you've always had issues with that too. There when I was a lot of people, I've ever only jumped off the fucking diving board at the pool. Yeah, well, but you went down the pool. Yeah, remember that one. All right, so it's going to be wrap on today's back workout. I'm losing my mind. I thought I'd turn my sip today, but I just literally said that tomorrow's arm day, but had a good little back day with Ian. This is probably the last time you'll be struggling with me until I retire. Yeah, for a lot of things for sure. Well, maybe I can keep a little something something. Ben, she'll always be able to bench my name, Brad. Yeah, probably. And maybe not. We're probably like pretty close right now, because that's like one of the things that comes to me personally. Not by, you definitely stronger. Yeah, I'm probably, probably pretty even, but I can't bear that. Yeah, but no, we had a nice little workout. Some shit that kind of been aching and pain on me. Feel pretty good today. So happy with that. Had you fun working out enough and air condition during the floor. That's good. I mean, it's honestly, if it was any time for me to do it, it's when I'm like down a little in weight. And my cardio's getting a little better. It could help. So it's like I definitely sweat, but it was a good sweat. And like I'm used to sweating like that now for my doing more cardio output. If you're peak off, yeah, if I was 300 pounds, that would be fucking brutal. I've done that before. Yeah, I'd be here if I fit. For a moment, I was like, are we getting on my again? To go to a vibe, but I'm like, no, he's getting on my way. So it was good. It's like, I mean, it definitely hits different. Like your pumps and just like everything feels kind of like better. You warm up quicker. It feels nice. So in the gym is great. So it was good to check it out. I'm getting a workout in. Yeah, so we might get another workout before we leave. I don't know we'll see, but he's training with the track coach tomorrow. And he can document that. Yeah, that'll be cool. As you guys know, he's fucking transitioning to track star. So if you guys want to check out that journey, I'm probably going to watch in that because I was even asking about like just knee and rehab and shit. So I'm curious. But wrap up that video. You know, chill. But can buy some guns this week, shoot some shit and fucking get some massage just sleeping, train some arms and have a grand old time. So like, get through watching and I'll catch you next one.