Something you and I have talked a lot about is the difference between Z-Bubbing Chris. And it's funny because I think most of you probably know a lot about Z-Bubbing. And I know a lot more about Chris. And you and I have talked about how Z-Bubbing is a part of you, but it's not who you are. And there's been this blending that you've been trying to do even earlier. You were standing with a more present. You are Chris and Z-Bubbing is what you do. And it's like how do you win those? All right, so I guess I'm gonna pull a quote from Jim Caritas out there and it's something I know random is helping. He did smart. He said something like I wish for everyone to realize all their dreams and fame and realize that they do. That does not make them complete. Come on, come on Chris. Come on, you're one. Two. Four. Two. Come on, you're one. Come on, you're one. What's the... Music Music Music Music Music This is up. YouTube. There's a Q&A. We're all hiding in the background. How do we always do? I feel like I've mostly been here with a circle that's just hiding from everybody in the background. Pretty much. But We're at 9.30 right now. So we're about 30 minutes late from Saturday but people are also getting in their sit down. So we're getting in there. There we go. Ian, Lauren, Dawn, Norway, trio, for the 4p. Let's go up there. That's your smart questions. So that's what we're going to do. I know if we're going to get later. The gym can be closed. Good time to work here. But it's supposed to be rest day. So... I don't really know what to do. So we're going to figure it out. But we're going to do it as a vent. And then there's some rocks got talent in the gastroint. And I think that's why people are presenting like a talent show. It's a thing and I really hope someone really can imagine it because I fuck with magic talent. I'm just a video of a guy diving in a cool. I think I got something overweight man just belly flopped. He's a big cool. So he's sadly not here. That would have been great. That's just a video we have. But we're going to run through that today and have you talent. So... That's the goal. So, I'm just so cool. That's what I really want to do. That's what I really want to do. That's what I really want to do. And I really want to do that. That's what I really want to do. I really want to do that. But we're going to do something. So, I felt myself brushing. I'm Jordan and I'm a Christian Courtney's therapist. So I get a pretty cool perspective. We love Jordan. She's an artist. She has to say more right. No, but there's a few things. So I feel like there's a pro-con and biting her therapist of Q&A and this is, I would say the problem. Maybe it's a concrete, so we'll see. Something you and I have talked a lot about is the difference between Z-bubbing and it's funny because I think most of you probably know a lot about Z-bubbing and I know a lot more about Chris and you and I have talked about how Z-bubbing is a part of you but it's not who you are and there's been this blending that you've been trying to do even earlier you were saying you want to be more present. It's like you are Chris and Z-bubbing is what you do and it's like how do you want this? And there's been a lot of moment for you and I've been talking about a session and you've had like a realization or a light bulb moment and you thought, man I was sure what I know this sooner. And obviously, everybody's here because they went to learn from you. They went to learn the lesson due to learn. And there was one session in particular where you were talking about all the things that you thought we're going to make you really happy. And realising as you thought you'd want that that wasn't quiet and there was this one thing that you realized was actually thinking needed. And so one I would love to be a share of that thing. And two, I would just love to open it up to ask, what is one of the biggest lessons that you learned from therapy? And that you wish you would have known sooner than you think would be helpful for them to know. And now I know this, but our next session obviously. Well, it was a good question. I don't know if I'll be fine. So you want me to start with, let's unpack this, let's go Chris. There's a lot of questions there. All right, so I guess I'm going to pull a quote from Jim Caritas out there. And it's something I know random is helping. He did smart. He said something like, I wish for everyone to realise all their dreams and fame and realise that they do, that does not make them complete. And I think what she's touching on, we were talking about, I was chasing Olympia titles and I was making money. I was getting new contracts or any businesses. I was getting my career in my dreams. I was getting home at 24, traveling the world, doing all this stuff. And I was like, this is all these things that you think are going to make you feel a little bit better. And then I get to the point where I buy anything I want or anything I want. And I didn't feel any better. Every time I got to do level of another, I won Olympia, I was super grateful at that moment, but it didn't make me happier in my life. It didn't make me feel like a better person. I get more money if you feel any better afterwards. It's just a little fleet of happiness or joy and then it's kind of gone. And I realized, okay, this isn't going to be the thing that makes me feel fulfilled in my life. I need to kind of branch out into more. And I think I learned, it's going to be many things, but probably the biggest thing is connection. And the only way I'm going to be able to feel connected is, as I was talking about allowing myself to be seen. But allowing myself to kind of de-minded myself. And that battle I felt was Seabomb versus Kristen. Start from being called Seabomb. I don't know if he has it started when I was young. Just kind of feeling like I was all on my own. And I was always the guy who kind of had all together with Kristen and sports. I was always good. And Chris, the idea of Seabomb has always been like cool, calm and collected. Had the ship together and he's fine. He's always good. I don't know, so we're going to be lucky. He's done it all together. And everyone's always kind of just not there about me. So I just felt like I had to be that all the time. And I never really felt like I could share anything else other than that. So that's kind of the kind of act I've put on for a while. And then I realized it made me feel very alone for a long aspect of my life. I was personally my child that I felt like there wasn't much I could really like connect with my family. Because they didn't really see me. And he might struggle if they just saw the sun who had it all together. He's good to go. So I think it really something I'm not ravowing now is allowing all of the messy parts of myself to be seen. All the ups and the doubts. And I mean, I can have a better part of it, Courtney, to help pull this out and accept me for all of it. And kind of share. And build the connection with her first where I understand that the true connection is going to come from allowing myself to be seen. All the dirty parts of myself, the stuff that I don't want people to see. That's the stuff where when someone loves me for that. And I know they truly love me. And I truly, so close to them for that. So I think that journey of life is kind of really, I'm really grateful that I've been able to accomplish all this stuff in my life. And I wouldn't change it for anything. But it's also helped me kind of quickly learn that I'm not going to make me happy. And I was going to make me happy as I said the connection with the people in my life. And trying to be rebuild that was my family, which is part of the parts that maybe were tainted and kind of allow them to see me and build that with them. It was corny and anybody who knew in my life. And kind of take it at that. And a funny thing I actually get from a lot of men when I talk about sharing, like the motion of vulnerability was my girlfriend. But yeah, like my girlfriend would leave me as I cried in front of them. I don't know if that's anyone here. But I think there is a lot of fear on men sharing vulnerability just because of the concepts of how we have to be. And there is totally a balance. I truly believe this of where you do have to know that you can be strong and support your family and your family. And you're feeling safe and supportive of your family and your fiance or wife, whatever it may be. But they also do want to see the real side of you. So if you're someone who is constantly crying in this and that, like sure maybe. But if you're someone who can surely be there for them and love them and support them, be strong. We can also let them be there for you sometimes. And kind of have like a synergy like lean on each other rather than just on you. It truly will bring you closer together. And I know it's worked for our relationship. And it's only made me. That's the stuff that's truly brought more happiness and honestly just confidence in my life. Just to feel better and all aspects. The proof. That was good. Oh, we're saying the last part. Is there anything that you want to add that's a different lesson than that that you want from there that you would want to tell them. I'm going to let you be done and Courtney was like the last question. Thanks Courtney. I don't know. I think the biggest thing I've really learned was like how much I do need people in my life. I've always thought I could do it all by myself and like if I'm stressed out, well I can just hold it in a handle of myself. And how much it actually like it doesn't make you weak to share that they're still there. But it actually helps you sometimes just to talk about it. And no one's going to give you a solution or fix it, but just allowing and accepting some of these emotions to come up. Naturally makes them kind of fade away or dissipate a little bit rather than bring them to the surface and making them worse. I think you're really just kind of accepting letting things come up, feeling them and seeking connection rather than just trying to get through life alone. You killed it. Well, Chris, be built for this session. I mean, I see. You were still there. Even the stoked thing, like you but you described it with like the the combat, the monorality. You killed it and what was so cool after you were the most honorable. The next guy got really to your eye. I didn't know. I don't know. Yeah. It seemed directly, but like, but I didn't even feel it. And what a dad. Oh, question. Yeah. I was so sure. You got to do it. You got to do it. I'm hardly like I think it was looking at it. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Yeah. Yeah. Let's stretch past. Let's try it. How's your life going? Yep. Good. Good. It's blowing back pain, you know. It means a good hand thing there. No, yeah. This machine is basically hooked my back. Yeah. I hooked my back. You on? Yep. All right kids, going to be a wrap on this video event yesterday. We got back yesterday. Yesterday. Yesterday. Yesterday's a good one. Whenever I was like we got back. That was a success. It was easy because it was an argument. So we got to come in and come out. I much more enjoy like the Q&A cell things that I've said. Cool. It's fun. Very full to share. A lot of things I try and learn from the experience of my life. A therapist was in the car and she came in and asked some deep questions. It just kept throwing me under the bus. But I think I handled it pretty well. She approved my answers. So that's always a good sign. She's from Nashville. So that's why she came out to it. But other than that, it was we went out that night and it took myself to the fucking Zin bin. Popped his in. Little fucking single up or decor and I just threw it through it all up. We got to a rooftop club. I started to feel nauseous. I like spit it out. I'm like my face went pale on my eye to leave. I'm going to over home. Like I'm just breathing deep. Eyes closed. Get home instead of the toilet. Like everything I ate that day just came up and I was like, Mother fucker. I don't know how people fucking chew these things. I was trying to pull up the injury, take diet of caffeine, steak and fucking nicotine. Well it's actually cigars. It's a guy. It's nicotine. Same for shit. But it didn't work for me. So I will never be doing that again in my life. Because that was absolutely bizarre. But I had the spins going to bed like I didn't even drink fucking horrible. We'll never try that again. But I'll try anything once. So that was that. It came back. It's sort of like they finished off with some F-C-7 calves. I told honey that I'm going to do nothing but F-C-7 for calves from now on. And if they grow then these are good cooked. It's not easy to show coach. So sorry honey, but here on the test right now. But yeah, that's what's going on. Come to Alphalene this weekend. I'm not. So God bless that. Don't fall in trouble. And it's going to be hot. And it's a wrap on this video. So I think yes we're watching. Podcast with Chris Williams in just lunch today. If you guys haven't seen it, modern wisdom on Spotify. Apple Podcast. I think it's Chris Williams in his channel name on YouTube. So if you guys want to watch it, really good interview. Probably one of my best podcasts that most most in-depth I should at least say you get in the side of the best. But yeah, that's a little, that's what's going on. So thank you guys for watching. Peace out.