necesita What is up YouTube? Welcome to a low place called Aspen. I spent my own for the last seven days in the ish. This is the bottom of the hill. I can't really see. You can't see anything. But that right down there is the bottom of one of the snow hills here in Aspen. We can stay here for about six days. My knees are feeling it. But what can I do? The time change also drives hell. I'm blowing blood out of my nose. It's an air so dry here. Make myself a lot of coffee. Some chocolates and a good one of the gym. So I'm doing morning sports, so sleep. But it's caffeine down. Go workout. The slopes. And have a day in Aspen. I'm going to be making myself a little shake. I never used to do on the milk, but I did water, but it just takes better with it. I've been loving this cookies and cream protein. I'm going to try to make it taste even better. So I blend this in there. I'm going to do two scoops. I have nothing else to eat in there right now. I'm going to put a coconut. I should have health. I think corn has some collagen that she has here. Some fancy merriy collagen. This is my skin nails for a back. Beautiful in my hair. Returns to lavish this that I want to. And then some fiber. Also one is for me to random. If you fiber brands, I don't even know what this is. Put that in there. Do two scoops. Do you scoop to that? Do you scoop to that? Do you scoop to that? Yeah. That's like not enough for you. Do you scoop my pants or do you? No. That's step one, two, three. But you chopped up ice on the bottom there. Then we're going to blend this and then show you how to drill trick. Alright, so I've one shot of it. Pull the top line. There's cast suck. So it's a little watery. So I've got ice here out of it in the middle. They'll shake you. But I've been getting this vanilla chocolate chip purely a little less a bit for Noah. Another one of what we do things. Yeah, I put it in after it's blended. I like double punch in here. I'll be together to cook even cream-flavored protein. And then this is chocolate chip. You're gonna roll up. I've blend that for like two seconds in here. It literally tastes like you're having like a... Or you'll mix flour. It was like chunks of cookie in it. Because they're gonna roll up actually hard. So it tastes like you're eating cookie in it. It's really good. The trick with that is not blending it too long. Otherwise it'll turn into that thing. And then you won't have cookie. You'll just have extra chip on it. I've been there that you don't get the texture for. And I'll kind of fall to the bottom. But you end up with a little bit of cut. Got the crunch. That's it, crunch. I just moved here. And the last one. So that's when we make breakfast today. You know, it's slow. And then probably getting early a lot. You should have this in a lot of it. So... Let's take a look. Yeah! Alright, the day number five for me on the slopes in my knees and my feet. It's stuff I start to feel it. But only to come down here once a year. So I'm taking, making the most of it while I'm here. I realized when I was younger, I had all these hobbies and shit I did. And I just stopped doing them when I got older because of bodybuilding, put me out of them, or too busy with work, etc. Recently, having so much going on, I've been noticing that me having these hobbies is so much more important than ever for me to check out. Do the things, kind of get my mind off all the bullshit that's going on and just focus on doing something. Like, we're down the mountain. You can't think about doing anything else other than not dying. Fucking flying down a mountain on ice, sort of metal board under your feet. I love the shit what people do for fun. But this is one of those things. They were shooting me in the home of the shooting a bit more now. It's kind of nice to distract ourselves with that. Sadly, it's not a little bit. It's been just me ripping the mountain. Recently, I went a few times down with some other buddies down here, Chris and John. Matt, I went with one day, but I've been doing a lot of solar runs and honestly, but it really nice to just kind of put my music in, sit on the left, I'll buy yourself and just like look out at nature, be outside, be in the fresh air. I'm going to break this thing off fresh air, but there's also very little air in here. I told you guys I can barely breathe out of this hell to do. But yeah, it's just been really nice to kind of come here. And I know I'm going to get to the school snowboarding once a year. I come out here for like a week and just kind of detach on the mountain by myself, give music and just chill. It really makes me want to kind of want to get back home and the excited to get back to work, like re-energize as opposed to me. It's just like taking an app or doing nothing all weekend. Nice. And I'm someone who loves doing nothing. So this is rare for me. So yeah, enjoying these understanding the importance that hobbies are in my life now, the more busy I get. Especially with a baby coming, I'm probably not going to have a lot of time for hobbies. So I should also make the most of it well last now and also prioritize it when the babies here, because I also got to keep myself sane so I can be as the best father that can be. But this is me ripping the mountain right now. Pretty fucking high as you can see. This gun to the right is like, I don't even know like 20 minutes to get to the top. The pretty big guys mountain. And this is the mountain right at the top of town. So it's the corn. These down there are currently here too. So I can literally rip down, take out my board, walk the 50 feet. And I'm in the town of restaurant, lunch, lunch restaurants, all that shit we're going to go eat or soon. Not about day enjoying it. I'm going to get back on the hill, rip some. See you guys later.