Why did you say that you would jump on it? All right, why you gotta do this? Don't do me like that, all right? What do you guys up to? Von said you want to jump on your bed. It's not true. I'm sitting here playing with my pocket. It's just you guys. You're really sus. What? You're sure to bed last night. So like, I don't know why. It's not what Chris said. Chris said he walked in and they were kind of using so so cold. That's not true. Come on, come on Chris. Come on, you're still cold. Come on, you're still cold. What's that? Thanks man. One space dog. Watch the fire. One round. One round. One down. One bigger. One more. We gonna turn the PC at Kista Take it. Two more. And you go. One, three, good two. That's a, awesome. It's done surprise. It's like it's actually firing. I don't want to kill that. Get to be determined. Get to be determined. What? It's up. You see. I suck it in showing videos now. Honestly, one of my favorite gyms who work out at this big, best-for-a-half gym, still a Steve Weinberger, and the troll himself, Mr. White. White's home at home. Keep your troll. You troll me. Poor head like today. So I feel like all I ever filmed for you, didn't have legs. But my legs are small. So hopefully by the end of the series, my legs won't be small anymore. Yeah. That's why I'm right now. Wish me luck. We got old man news. Work on the explosion. We're still in the middle of the game. We're still in the middle of the game. So we're gonna have to get to the end of the series. So, one more. One more. One more. One more. One more. One more. One more. Two more. Right now, we're 20 weeks up. And training, one foot. We're going to put the pressure. Bring. We're going to. Right now? Yeah. Yeah. Right. 40 weeks out. Trying to get strong. Yeah. That's right. Then we up the volume with the strength. That's right. Keep your strength. That's right. And you get huge. That's right. That didn't even make us go. Actually he's taking notes now. He's actually paying attention. I've subconsciously done this in my whole career. I just didn't know why I was working. Yeah. Now, you actually didn't do a lot of volume before. No, I never did it all the way. It was just strength. Like always. It's not like, you know, it helped me keep my muscle on. I didn't have my trimmer. It helped me stay. Keep my muscle on. I was guiding. So, yeah. This is the dance muscle. Yeah. But now I'm old. Yeah. And you're more like a jerk. Yeah. Yeah. When you go to hell. If I go to the BL like that, will my squat be strong? If you do like. If I get a BBL. No. No. No. BBLs in swatstone are great to have me as well as men can dream. So, strength. That means trying. I think Kevin wants to do the... You want to go on an alternate, I'll try to win. Kevin wishes he wasn't ready. Yeah. Super-native. I mean, who does it, I go? Super-native. Come on. Let's go Chris. Come on. Easy. Easy. Let's go. Easy. Good. Easy. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Strong. Strong. Strong. Strong. Strong. Strong. Strong. Good. Oh, okay. There you go. There you go. Good. Good. Keep on. Come on. Don't think about just do it. Just go. Keep going. Go. Go. Good. Go. Go. One more. Me. And... Easy. Stand back. I'm bigger. T-bag. Yeah. You've gone easy to choose small of the T-bag. I've also big got my sack of small. There you go. You've got my sack of small. You've got my sack of small. You've got my sack of small. You've got my sack of small. You've got my sack of small. No idea what it means. Me there. Never heard of it. With this weight, or do you want to record it right now? How do you get it? There you go. That's a bit of a mess. That's a bit of a mess. That's a bit of a mess. He says that, that was your excuse. I think that was your last pair on your head. Runk color. Do the care. You can sell it on eBay. You might have lost one. That's right. I will. Oh, that's it. Hi volume. I guess it's working a little bit. You just talking shit, so you don't do it. Okay, we're now. We're back. I'm pretty sure you can do it. I'll go. Good. There you go. And try. Yeah. Good. Together. One try. Good. Good. Ah. Ah. Ah. Good. And dry. Good. Good. And dry. Go. Go down first. Go down. Yup. That's it. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Good. Go. Good. Good. That's my little fast myself. Go, go, go, go, go. Go, go. Go, go, go, go. Go, go, go, go. Go, go, go, go. Training with party move a little slow, slow, slow, slow, slow. We're going to be stuck in the ground with a new drill to catch it. Very honey. Good news is with the bad news. What? Good news is to get rid of it. The bad news is, I don't think he's going to make way. What? I don't know. I don't think he's going to make way last year anyways. We walked into that. We're going to crawl into this one. I was too happy making it. We were going to run into this, but we were going to run into this, so I decided to go. Let's run. Go, go. Go, go. Go. Go, go, go. Go, go, go. Go, go. Go, go, go, go. Go, go. Go, go. Two years ago. No, what's this? What's the year in a hurry? That was this year. When you went drinking with your friends. There's no way that was a year. That was this year. How old are you? Calvin. Was it this year when you went out with this friend? I'll pray drunk this year too. Last year. Because when my friend lived in Miami, my friend used to call for you last year. How do I know about it? We don't work together for less than a year. How do I even know about it? I don't think that's the best thing. You don't see it? I don't think that's it. You were down in Miami because Courtney was like, Oh, this is a different time than Miami, right? That was a different. That's right. Miami gets the best thing. You know what? I'll go down there. You got to remind this guy. Hey, you said I could have at least once a year. Yeah. I take it into the first quarter. And then we go to the night. But I said that like the room was spinning. Like when you were in Miami. Yeah. Oh, that was five years ago. I can't throw this every month. It's been a year this year. It's like dog years. It's like dog years. It's like a man prison. Hey, you signed up for this shit. No. Beautiful. Every day is a blessing. That's right. That's right. It's not a blessing. It's a blessing. Blessing a woody bull. I don't know what's left, man. Oh, blessing. Oh, blessing a woody bull. Are you ready, dude? Oh, good. Ah, ah, ah. Oh, ah, ah. Like in a good way. You're targeting to throw it on the line, dude. Oh, that's awesome. Oh, no. Yeah. That's it for the only fan stage. I read the videos. You were the no fan stage. No fans? That's the only fan. Oh, the only fan. That's extra. Swipe up. Swipe up. Swipe up on your team. Please maintain social distancing. Maybe we should go to gym for fast-con, they were trying to reflect social distancing. Everyone has to take six feet away from this. These are your work out of public jams. Probably better to take six feet away from him right now. But his body is toxic five with more. But he's fucking extra. He's treating you. Spray some 409 on there. Pour on. Just drink bleach. We kill it. Don't do that. bleach is agued. How could come mold for bleach, don't you? Drink some. And I shower it in it, but. It's end of the day. I'm not sure if he's doing it. Why not to do by your sponge set. Everything I say. Good body. Yeah. Give it a go. Just give it up. I don't think I'm going to do anything. Oh man, we just drove three hours from New York to Jersey. People who live here, I commend your patients. Because it's the worst traffic I've ever seen. In my life. Maybe we want just some breads we'll rest on. Just put a trash down. And then, according to what it's supposed to be. And the Calvin's too. So, we were at the secret. Now, please, we can get to the city. We need something every day. Because I should be at the afters. We're going to fucking amazing. You should check in. We could check. And we're trying to get some clean food. We'll be on the vent tomorrow. And we're trying to be healthy. So, we're getting huge. Make the quarantine king. Yeah. We don't know what I'm saying anymore. Yeah. But people who live here. Move. Just kidding. Stay here. Don't come anywhere else. Stay here. I'll never come back. We're going to take you. Of course. We're just talking. Why are you so thirsty right now? The harvest bowl. It's gas. It's the best. We're checking it. Number rice. Yeah. Normally every day. That's crazy. Bro, take a trip with the chicken. Yeah, yeah, large. Alright, order of choices we can, all with a bill drone. Wild rice, the cucumber, carrot, cabbage, cilantro, a rule of double chicken and I threw it some salmon today because like water is switched it up so heaven on there me so dressing I wanted to eat food that's great I really need to be sponsored by these places I should be in pay for the show but just we couldn't sponsor ship and it said I can have the food free forever why did you say that you would jump on the bed? why you gotta do it you go do it I got it show the show what is it? you want to jump on your bed I'm not sure if I can just my pocket is the best you're really sus you're sure to bed last night so like go away you gotta show it could you go bed I want to know what's going on you just give me a wish a mantra then we'll be back it's true yeah it is true I mean not the bed part we did share it you know you're not ready to share it I'm too separate by this share it that's not what Chris said Chris said you walked in and we were coming so so cold that's not true you're just a couple you're just a couple you're just a couple you're just a couple he's like I've been a object that's not true what do you work no I was supposed to transition as clothes but then I you know I think you do get very serious at first you are a gentleman you're worse alright event day we are here at our revolution and jersey hosting us this is a fucking dope gym I came here like 3 years ago four years ago only half that they doubled the gym and they were gracious enough to kind of empty dope put chairs in and let us host it here just to kind of have a cool vibe you know we're talking about body building training all that shit so we're doing it in a gym so seminar number two was Mr. Honey Ramon built from within we're going to expand these over time and continue to do the continue to get better at them I'm trying to get better at talking and just spread what we've learned whether mindset training body building whatever the fuck you guys want to know and talk about so we're going to be right through that today it's like a four hour seminar and a little meet greet at the event at the end sorry and then yeah it's kind of what we're doing and if we're here in jersey so super pumped we got it all set up in there I just take a step back you know we'll do anything because it's gonna stress me out of our trying to plan so Maddie Dan have been planning everything Calvin's got the content I just have to talk to camera and we're chilling so yeah we're going to get some BTS I know you guys don't like to watch too much bullshit about how to see because of the events so we're going to run through it hopefully have a good day and I'll catch you guys later yeah okay alright we're up to first half it's a big bit if you ever on the road it'll just have the best of you called it takes amazing okay well I can't let's like a flip-flop flip-flop flip-flop jump-top yeah we'll refute what after the beginning so what pretty good we started talking about like mindset mental sounds, discipline all this kind of shit and people always nervous at the beginning they're like a few questions and how you're saying like at the end of a glass question like a bunch of people shot their heads up people are getting more engaged as we're going so it's going really well so far yeah join it I think more questions to last half because a lot of people had questions so we just let it go kind of take it where they want it to go but we're taking an hour break bring it to you they make it up I'm saving my until after like fucking lovely things but if I eat it now I'm gonna be tired and be like falling asleep up there so I'm saving that how do you prove that I'm on prep so I can't eat that but he's off season so he can eat it we do show on he said I'm gonna get up to 277 this year right? no 265 last week were you? yeah check on the scale yeah what's up about? what's the average year of it? 65 oh man but in the morning I was going to make it but you weren't in the shape you're in now right? well that's bad that's what I'm saying I was in college oh that was in college oh that was in college oh that was in college oh that was in college oh that was in college so this probably also it's like three pounds of muscle tissue you know as tears too yeah not to mention all the what's that called the fluid between the discs of your spine and your knee and shit I thought God now so I weigh less I've got to calculate that as well yeah well part one done on the event part two put it up next ding-guit part three and then we're out so you know the ones that we all like with the final two yeah are you screen cheating again? are you screen cheating again? oh actually hey do you want to give a see if I'm a little pep talk before we go into the second half of our seminar? yes I need to you just just put me into the I need to put me into the second half yeah maybe that's going to help you with your with your speaking skills yes yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah hey you gotta be like that bro hello sir you're unsolicited me with this fucking camera that didn't make any sense yeah yeah How are you introing the video at the end? No, this is literally the end of the event Go up to Chris right now and make a intro Bro go up to Chris right now and get more balance free No, you don't have any more you have to get them your treat now Yo Yo, what are you doing? That's a wrong side of the video. That's a wrong side of the video What's on on the YouTube anymore, huh? What's on the different website? Yeah, yeah, yeah, you got a paper there How pretty all right, so I never remember to finish a blog so team blah, we're out of show They're just in the new location, but we wrapped up the new jersey event and it was I think it was a big success We kind of like rolled with the tide just like seeing how to grow flooring people had a lot of question They were super engaging were like before lunch broke we were like we'll take one more question everybody like put their hands up to want to ask more So we turned the last portion of the seminar into more jpeer Q&A and I think it worked out so well that way people got to ask what they want We got to answer specifically what people were like expecting and I found it cool that it was very like focus around like mindset and my personal Growth and like a lot of personal questions as opposed to just like training There was some training sprinkle with no two, but I find I'm more passionate and like a leaning to learning more like the mental side of thing And people are kind of reading off that and asking deeper questions on that so it kind of fudgin slowly But surely I'm getting better at the whole public speaking thing I think I saw how moments where I'm like Settering and saying like and I'm way too much I'm like telling 80 if I hear back in a video, but we're getting better so no shame But yeah, it's a wrap on the built from a since 799 or two already back in Florida home for two full weeks So super pumped and not be traveling for a while right now Get to the honey got some good train sessions, but now we are officially under 20 weeks out the one days So it's grind time we're talking in the seminar strength building phases right now for me Trying to get strong this fuck big is fuck trying to get huge and like just over 260 pounds right now The goal is to kind of float around there. I guess because I got there really easily but get a little bit leaner Stronger and just kind of pack on some muscle right now So if you're going on, we'll be bringing along that journey and yeah, thank you for watching Hopefully we do it on the 799 somewhere. We'll see you guys soon comment down below where you guys want to see us do our next 799 or next robber next pop up Whatever is we're doing comment down below and let's see you guys later