I'm just kidding. I'm just kidding. I'm just kidding. Wait wait. I gotta ask you a question first. Alright, what's going on guys? Quickly before we start this video, I want to let you guys know that my transformation channels signups are now live. This is like partly a celebration and announcement of a huge update on my app, but I'm going to get that into that deeper in a future video where I'm going to run through all the new updates and all the new things. But you can sign up at cbumdashfitnus.com. It's going to be $50 a sign up and first place tried for you if you're going to check out my channel. If you're going to check out my channel, I'm going to try it for you if you're going to check out my channel. If you're going to try it for you if you're going to check out my channel, I'm going to fly you down to Florida to work out with me for the weekend. Second place is $2500 and third place gets you a year supply of average gburekip and bum energy. So be sure to check it out. Sign up down there. All you have to do is pay the $50 to sign up and you also have to sign up for two months of the app at minimum. The app is going to be where you get all the training programs and everything like that. Then you're going to get ebook to search your diet and nutrition and everything. And it's also formulated more of a mental and disciplined building thing. Through some habits that I put in there, there's 10 of them in there. Now once you get to pick as many as possible, and apply them over the next eight weeks. And if you enjoy them and you feel better, the goal to continue doing them further on past eight weeks for the rest of your life. Just building discipline, building better habits, to build a better life for yourself. So part of the goal for the challenge is not just eight weeks, but it's a lifetime of being better. So be sure to click the link in the below to sign up and I hope you enjoy the video. Oh, how are you so good at that? Bro, what? You're not going to take? How can we, you can then let him go? But not me three goals? You won't even share three goals. Yeah, I'll just tell you. He's priced. What the heck? Come on, come on, Chris. Come on, you won't even share three goals. Oh, come on, come on, Chris. Come on, you won't even share three goals. What's the? All right, what is up YouTube? We're a wind of a life, but I'm back to Middle East. We're here in Orlando two days later. As a giant paintball tournament that you guys had a great idea to set up. It's actually chemical. There's like a hundred of our ambassador to be invited out here. All our athletes and we're having like a paintball tournament. I should have two hours late because of the tie roll. And I don't know if a me can put into a team or not, but we'll see what's going on. Yeah, we're just kind of bringing them together the raw squad to a little paintball tournament. Literally like a hundred people here, right? So I guess 140 or 140 or 150. Yeah, I think it's one hundred. 20 minutes. You're wearing just shorts and pretty sure, right? Yeah, I'm a man. Why am I raising a bitch? You're actually pretty old, I just don't want to. Yeah, so paintball it is. That is just a little bit. Is it just a little bit? Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. We're supposed to be the one with the shorts. Yeah, we shot me this close. Beautiful. Who's like, I don't even know. I'm like, like, they siloed. How did you not be yelled at? Right. I'm so out of breath right there. I just yelled at him. I want you to look right there. So you're ready now? Wait, wait, wait. What do you want to do? Where do you put it? Wow. He touched me. He touched me. He's got a big fan, dude. Big fan. All right, so, what's the question? Where do you put the flag? So you see your base right there, back corner. What over there? Just aah! Throw it. Yeah, like not throw it, but like, like run and set it in a bigger shot you went regardless. Actually, do you have a shield? What? Bro, you should be giving your shield a new trend to the flag. They can shoot me with the shield and doesn't give? I mean, you won't be technically kid. I'll do it in the room, dude. Yeah. This is Chris Bonstead. He's got it. I know. You got it. I will save you. I'll save you. The flag is a bit on the corner. The quipped. I'll follow you. Do it, figure. What? Dude, riot. That's shield. But he even covered half of his body. This is crazy. Just try to protect the loyers. Everyone, let's say corners. Corner. I don't even know what's going on. I don't even have a gun. You're the one who's running here with no guns? Yeah. Two of his traits. I'm not actually playing this game. I'm just hiding the fucking shield. Do I ask what I'm doing here? I'm telling you. This is a good shield. It came across. Well, I'm fucking fucking wrong. I'm fucking wrong. So you're getting news that you got me hit. Hey. I got the word. I'm just kidding. I'm just kidding. I don't know what to play with that. I'm just like that. We're gonna change it with one. There you go. I'm gonna send you in in the men's running. In the men's. Well, big hand. We're gonna be easier too for them with you. I'm ready to roll. So yeah just hide but certainly fun to me. And be my shield. Fire! Fire! I was side you on, just side it side, what's that you have? Fire in incmäng here! We don't have 8 team, and the night light is just over 20. I'm not a very good paintballer. This is a big flow moving target. Take a hit range. I got hit there too, apparently. I might have been a splatter from hitting the wall. What? You got hit here in the year. You're low. You don't play to the trashy plant ball. I'm gonna go look to the slums. Tony's on his. We told him he said I was skinny. Yeah, she said I was fat. Already. He told me yesterday he took care of your face. Looks fat, Chris. Thanks man. You're not gonna. Just gonna let that paint pass? Yeah, yeah. Wanna clean it for me? Nope. I'm gonna make two shoots. I'm gonna make two shoots. Pretty often at. We got to make one. I just lay him. Probably French Bulldog memes. Alright, so we wrapped up paintball with hot sweaty day. I'm still covered in paint, but didn't shower. I'm fucking sorry if you live in Orlando, but it's crazy to make sure I go. The traffic here is worse than Miami. And you'll get any of the good restaurants of Miami, so miserable. It took an hour to get here. It should've been 25 minutes. So, we lost the second gossip, but chest day. So, trying to make you good day of it. So, let's go on on though. Gonna hit a chest day here. And then we do the team barbecue dinner tonight. Another hour drive away. Because everything's a fucking far apart here. So, that's just a minute's to her. What? Next event in the steward. Next event in steward. That's what we're doing. Not leaving my house. So, let's go. I'm so tight man. Airplanes are breaking the seabed. I'm going to crack an ass. But I got to do dumbbell press today. So it'll be a true measure of how we got gotten. This 12 days in Italy sees the pizza pasta paid off or it's made new week. I'm going to get spot hook. Looking forward to building up from this point. I can't believe that much amount, I think it's 31 30. So, the pasta paid off. This is one of the greatest chess chess machines ever made. You guys have to immediately set one at Revive. The inclined version of the Flex Leverage Quest. And it's beautiful. You get very heavy, very quick. Free plates felt like fine plates. But it's a beautiful chess set. You have it, which you probably don't use it, but you don't suck the stuff. That's an issue. Do you stretch the class? Stretch the class. That's too late, I'm going to add a bit. Pull the drop set. Do you own the next one? I'm fast-keeping. I can hit this goal. Christopher. Give me over a year. Over a year, I want to get to YouTube something to look for, too. The third thing I can do a faster. I'm going to squat. 225 pounds. Helping? 2 plates. No way in hell. That's why. Be a squirrel. You're going to compete again? I thought it was squat 225. Give me. Do you think so? Do you think so? I think what should it be? Yeah, absolutely not. Thank you very much. Three bucks. I need some trend. No. We're done. I'm going to go back to my class. That's bad for me. Black. She thinks it'll be easier squat 2 plates. But I know it's possible. That's like starting to. So six months. Give me a year. Half year. You really only do cardio. I don't. I'm left. You don't get one. It's without trading. Okay. I am a muscle mommy now. I don't know. I don't even know how to do this girls. They do. They do. They do. They do. Yeah. They like muscle mommy's. The boys. I'm just a tweed mommy. It's like a tweed mommy. It become a muscle daddy. She's like a new shirt. You guys? What do you think? Okay. Fucking. Get this fucking camera. You know what? You tease you. And it's uncomfortable? You're not. You're not. You're not. You're not. You're not. You're not. You're not. You're not. You're not. You're not. You're not. You're not. I don't want to go this at all. Hey. You're not. You're not. You're not. You're not. I'm not. I'm looking. You're not. You're not. You're not. You're not. You're not. You're not. Don't take it. We're not. Now we're. What the thermal crusade is, what did you think? 25, come for free. Yeah, I'm just kidding. I don't really draw like this. I can probably, you have not been all of the way and so long. You just like how? No, like you haven't made your own blog. Oh, I know. Maybe you should film it for me. Please come over to my YouTube. We can give the boys cooking advice how all the Chris's tips and tricks. I'll be like the YouTube of the BTS behind the scenes for Chrisford. What are you saying? My channel will be a BTS for you. So, thank you. It's like you give them all the secrets. Top secrets. Only I know what you're telling. Sorry guys. Maybe a little chair. Okay. We're gonna go back to curling. Yay. What's up? Yeah. Hello. Least the drum voice. Hey. Where's the drum voice? Hello. Hello. Hi. Hello. Try to play well.车 with your condoms. Good. Hey wait, facades. 22 30 He looks still atoba Alright, pretty much wrapping it up now. We're all back today or B&B after this for a team barbecue, like I said, but we're chilling. You know, honestly, what I do appreciate having a lot of events with different companies. I never want to take a picture of myself, but everyone, when they got here, like literally with barely filming, with actually training like hard, fucking sweating, no makeup or the girl pushing it, we built a team of people who actually loved to list, not just fucking fitness in sports or so. Something I just like seeing how the bikes and our watching people actually train hard, by the part of the team. We're at Hyra who's like the train hard, no skinny bitches on the team. It's okay if you're skinny but you can't train like a skinny bitch. Thur will. So, let's see if they're being do. Oh yeah, we're trying to music off now. I needed to pump it up. Yeah, or some Michael Jordan. Yeah, a team move to the team. All cameras on the house. Pressure is on, motherfucker. Pressure is a friendly. Pressure is not. Yes. Memphis standard. We're no latch of say, press the privilege anymore. We're not welcome to get rather a socially standard set of standard. We're not allowed to stay pushed that branch to the right, we're not allowed to stand advised. future and some of you guys come back and I know we'll be breaking back some of our athletes and the goals that I call it a reunion. It's gonna go already and so this is kind of gonna be the first of many and we wanted to do a different salad then rather than some e-create something where you guys actually get a little bit of education about it. I'll need to ask a question that everyone can hear it rather than a rush in through a bunch of people to take a picture and that's kind of what we're kind of trying to change the way we're using this in a real little bit here. So this is our first hopefully a man gonna be the best and I'll want to say our first event that we've done solo. So we're all new to this. If I run a little bit of a break I know I'm nervous up here speaking sometimes the spirit is the only one this age. So be allowed, cheer on everyone and they say something cool, something funny laugh at them, it's not funny, pretend like they're funny. These guys are sometimes we're nervous up here and we're not so into one of the things. But with that being said, a huge thing that we've been pushing is burning is finally the theme because what we stand for here is hard work being your best self and pushing yourself to limits. So this is also a celebration of the end of an athlete's first show we had that I'm sure a lot to get from our part of it and we're gonna be doing these two new things so you got them in another chance to do it. But to start this event off I want to call up our 10 athlete search winners. So first I'm gonna call up Dominat on the stage. I would like to announce the winners as well. You doing great, Crad? All right so we forgot to outgrow that event so this is us making up for it. Quick recap event with a massive success. We honestly planned it pretty quickly. We would probably like to have six months to plan like something like that. We had a few and we were pretty just scrambled to do it honestly. But it all came together very smoothly. The team absolutely crushed it everyone who came was super awesome that I'll really enjoyed it. I'm really a bigger fan of these like Q&A like informative side of events because I think you get a lot more out of it and then everyone said that they super they really enjoyed it and what was really cool whether it was like a culmination of our athlete search that had been going on for like six months prior and we brought down the top 10 winners of the athlete search down in the bottom of stage and announce them as winners and got to have them like say at the Airbnb with everyone should continent the gym everyone got to work out, go to Universal Disneyland or whatever the fuck it was play paintball all that good shit. So whether really cool we get into kind of see our team coming together get to like spread our brand message what we stand for what we love what we're all about and push just like I don't even know the culture we love with the community that we're grateful for so everyone who showed up thank you guys for coming making the event so awesome. We always have such good people out there who are like and through the acid gets great question they're super polite patient with us when we're like moving through things so very grateful for that thank you guys for making this such a beautiful brand that we're working on we'll be doing plenty more than the future in different aspects some smaller ones some bigger ones some mostly something with me so keep in store for those and yeah it's about it so thank you guys for watching to an end doing what you do and hopefully see you guys in the next event. Peace out