What's your thumb? YouTube. Followed Feeball, mid in the house right now. And a lot of the catch-up on Life's Big Crazy Vidi, but we are currently bed-built Arkansas. The usmeding of the Sam Cup or Walmart is small-town in the Litteridge built off the back of Sam Walton, which is super cool. I was reading a book and he used the wire round and a Friday play. They get two-person drop-played. And it got an Arkansas flew around and scattered a little bit like the Nab like a fake play. That this is what the airport is. I won't reply to that. So really well hit free here, but we're about to do some beating, did some stuff, kind of changed what go-to-fers, a U-chiffer or a raw with Walmart. I'm at a Jepathetically Walmart, two-person super setting and say it was thumb of course. So we got a bunch of beatings, we're gonna rip through the end then I'll catch up with the guys after so say it to you. We'll farther back, you need to straight up to the ceiling and stack. Hold that stack position, things quickly, there's been a little more pressure behind this. The only six-five function. We'll go back to where they're toast, we'll have to go back to where they're going. Next day on open, look back, jeep. The open reach pushes into the wall as we open. So man, it's hard to be able to work that long. So if you can't get the spot to move, I'm going to go back to isolate on the beam with the occurring there. So if you can't get the stand here, it's going to be sharp, it's going to lock down. Not donate, you'll be willing, let them split them up all the way down, let them just need to just off the sides to watch the same type of wall. We're trying to get as much rotation as possible. We're going to turn, rotate, take time to the wall. Now it's going to find the extension through this rotational pattern, reach it back as far as it can. Get stretched, good extended pattern. Tighten the wall, pull it, flex your rotating. Find your guard extension, find your duty. She shows that we have horrible, my traps. They're all in this engage in the last thing. Alright, so got back from our concise. I'll show you guys the GBS guys. You have to get the new from our last club. We do some of our down here in Florida. We want to sit with them, chill in and today they're going through our work out. Sadly, I can't work out for shedding weight. So we're doing some mobility stuff. They have a training down here, burning in. He's the real deal. Kind of keep it getting more balanced, keep some strong enough of that stuff. So you just put it through like a warm up. And I'm sweating from that already in 1912. So I've done any exercises in like four weeks. So brutal, but I wish I could be doing them on the list. Sadly, I can't, but we're going to do some fun shit today. She's in guns. Hang out and do some cool shit. So yeah, put it going on. You're just here. I have to. I haven't fully addressed it. But I think they can see that on bulk. Lots of stuff going on. I'll give a recap of what happened in Turkey. I think my hair's grown back fully. It's like a weird dude who shates his head and has to stand there. It's nice and shiny scalp, but it'll grow back and I can wear hat now. So win win. So yeah, so we're going on. Stay tuned. As soon as we get down with this one, I get an interesting. Oh, I just had time to wear the feet. I don't know if I can wear the feet. I'm going to tell you how to do it. I'm going to tell you how to do that. Change your feet is so high. It's like your round of waves you have. It's like one or two more. Like true failure. Oh shit. If you want to own fuck waves, you're burning your whole life. So that'll just be a good soft stuff. It's like a really good fuck. Yeah. That's why we do so much for shame. I have to jump like that. So when you think forward head, posture, a lot of the issue is right here. Skating in specials. You can go with the pegs. So all I want you to do, I'll do it on your first, but I'll show you how to do it on your own. So do you see how the frame promotion has. Like, just kind of moving that around. Feel what you got. I want you to take, I'm going to take my back and my hand. And I'm going to put it on the side of my neck right on the side of your hat is open. And all I want you to do is I'm going to use this a little on my skin. Look this one. So I want to do a little bit of a look at training. Now I want you to slowly, so you would put this on your arm. Can I do it again? Yeah, I want you to slowly turn your head back. I want you to slowly turn your head back. That way. Yeah. You want me to press it down. Oh yeah. Keep turning the trigger switch. Just put it back to the other one. Yeah, I'm going to head a lesson right. Throw that away more. I'm, I do the same thing. I wear a lot of shoes. I wear burq and stuff. But, I felt that. Well, when the gym we want the toes, it's typically better than a night. Yeah. Burq and stuff, it's a pretty good stretch of your toes. So that tension of spreading the toes, getting the movement. So, like, I'll have guys not only we're going to need the bottom of the foot, but we'll take our fingers between our toes and kind of massage over to do that. That's a big one. You're not going to have to do it on your own. T-T-T fingers between your toes and just kind of like work on like this. And then, what do you put underneath the bottom of your foot? I go across one. I use it on the top as well. So, use it a tennis ball because now we can push. And the feedback is more relaxed. Whereas, look across ball sometimes, guys. Like, dig it. You can go like this. And if you're pissing tissue off, you're never going to relax. Like, pain and pain and performance are a one-way road. So, if you have pain, like, your brain never going to be like, all this hurt so bad, I'm going to relax. It's going to be like, ball. Like, if you're a tension, that's how we walk. So, like, I go across ball and just kind of, just go into it. Maybe move it to a new spot, easy into it. And do spot, easy into it, do spot, easy into it. Move it to toes, easy into it, do you toes? Just move it to the bottom of your hips. And I've had, especially with my fingers, always have their feet and cleats. Yeah. The clears up a lot of these shoes up in the hips. Awesome. So, you can find internal and external rotation. Just tall as possible. Stalls, balls, balls, balls. All right. That's your analysis of Chris. Pretty good. Definitely more on the front side of his body with his hips. If you can restore some rotation, especially on that left one. I think, uh, can help it. It's the thing. We're going to do some stuff for the hip flexors right now and kind of explore some rotation through internal and external. Kind of see what we can do. So now I want you to add a front fold. So from here, I want you to think about fanning your pelvis. Almost like you're going to just shoot your asshole behind your behind. I don't want you to crumpled in your lower back. I want you to think nice and tall, bring your ribs to the shin. And then, uh, taller. Tall, twist and tall. Reach. There you go from there. Now up. Now rotate to that side here. Reach. Lower head up. That's not comfortable in your fingers. Now I'm going to kind of pull you into me. Play yourself, make your confidence in a better way. It's definitely your very aware of your pelvic position. You can try to reach into the region to reach into the region to be like coming in. You're coming into me. There you go. Think about driving your back or leggings at the ground. There you go. Hold that position down from here. You're going to sign what's hand is. Loot. And I want you to try to do it. So I'm trying to face it with me. So claw your elbow. Turn. Up right up right up right up. Push your left knee into the ground. Push your left knee into the ground. That left left. More to the right. Sit up right. Turn. Turn. And now, the back into me. You're going to try to do it. You're going to do it. Hold that right. You need to come up. Push your left. Try it. Let me turn. Turn. Turn. Turn. Hold that. Hold that. Hold that. There. Yeah. Now. Alright we're at Relief here trying to bring these boys back to life getting some might. He's getting some stem cells so jealous of that. No, I'm obsessed with my stem cells and doing way too much for the last few years but trying to recover and heal everything up. So we're perhaps up to work out. They did a bit of the left, added some hip mobility and several vernas and some pull stuff I need to be doing a lot more of for sure. But we're going to get some food head to the range after this so I'll see you there. What did you learn? What did you learn? What did I learn? Torso straight, flex the glute. Don't let yourself rotate this way. Take grip. This thumb on that thumb rather than on the gun. Tightening this, elbow is locked in. Don't leave back doing forward. Probably more. Yeah, thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. I told her, I told her when he said you should come down and I was like, I don't know. Because we're going out of town this next weekend and she was like, dad, do you know who he is? And I was like, oh, she was like, I followed him for so long. You're going down there going. You can't get fucking kind of. I'm going to do that. But I also said, I'm the only honest student to fucking jam. You're not going to fucking believe this. This is my first meeting in the hospital. I didn't realize that's what I was in my mind. I didn't realize that's what I'd come through all the meds and waning their juice. I was living a false life. I wanted to straighten it. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.