I'm trying to do abs to help my lower back now. That breath is great squirming. Only 5 reps. 6 points. The whole side of the gym just stopped and watched. The round gym pays respect to heavy lifts. Come on, come on, Chris! Come on, you're one. Still, or time coming up for you guys. Come on, come on, come on. What's there? What is up YouTube? Welcome to a list-uring hot day. I'm not doing it in the beach videos. We'll have a hot day in Florida. Our AC broke for the 20 years time at the warehouse. Our floor was slippery, wet with condensation. It was fucking hot. If I can't function here, I'm not that it's fucking right now. Last night, I was like 267 pounds at night. Morningway at the 262-263. So I'm just like not built to here, right now. I'm just fucking fat and slow and ready to die it on the street. I'm up soon. Put a nice beautiful arm day. It's a nice dead day yesterday. My back feeling toasted and good day for an arm day. I'll feed my cord off. We'll start with the same old bullshit and then maybe branching on some different sides. I just got the new new thing. Fucking excited. I'm on the camera. So, feel it goes. I'm not a guy. I'm not a guy that's just fucking heavy. I haven't done heavy street barcals forever. I'm still not a easy bar. But on my last back day, I did a few sets of these. I finished my back day. I felt like a really good mind and muscle connection with my biceps. I'm like fucking in the switch up. I sit there and do a heavier set. So I'm really trying to focus on not throwing it down. Not just like 10 seconds slow, but I feel it on my biceps the whole negative of the rep and a fire back up. I'll do a few cheats. I'll do a few cheats at the end of the swing with the first eight of trying to keep it super locked in. Feels like a good. A little classic barbell curl that everyone in the internet will roast you. You shouldn't fucking use a barbell just cut off the moment. Just good. So fucking. I'm gonna have you guys out of the room. I'm gonna have you guys out of the room. I'm gonna have you guys out of the room. I'm gonna have you guys out of the room. I have you guys out of the room. Every arm day right now. I promise myself this year, we're in a bit of a deep, I do a heavy dip or a heavy clothes group bench breast. Just tripped build some mass in my triceps. I'm gonna meet a good test this year. I have sticker triceps with the postage of a lot of cable movements and isolation movement. A little bit more like some cable pecking here, but allows me to move more weight. So I hope you can give me that lift. Hang down here in my triceps. Pray for the best. That's usually high enough. I'm gonna have to do a lot of hammer curls and honey. I'm gonna do a lot of hammer curls and honey. I'm gonna put it in the dumbbell. I'm gonna slide it into the top. I'm gonna knock those out and hit it in the circle part of the dumbbell. I'm gonna cut it in the middle. I'm gonna push it through my wrist a little bit. I know I can check my great y'all right here even more than if I'm holding the bar normally. The person at least feel a little more of his grease here. So maybe I'll feel that I look like fill leaves. I've been saying that five years, I'm never gonna have to but I can do it. I'm gonna bring it back. Can you bend your 25-year? I'm having a try. I'm gonna give you an extended bed. I told you, I know I told you, I know I told you right here. I need like three months. How many years left? I don't work out like I used to. I'm gonna get back at it again. Well you know where else more than we need you in the gym. What? It's a valuable asset. You're helping life-thousand non-born anymore. It's just the only thing I should worry about is stacking up energy pilots. That's cool. I've got the color of your teeth. No, that's the can. Oh, this guy's fancy. You got him around? Yeah. You got a rebel bro? I didn't know that. It's a whole time. How does it feel like I should have a VA? It feels good. That's a great joke, eh? I'm just like, I'm just like, I'm just like, okay, I love it. He's awesome. I'm going to have a talk to Sharda. You can't be there. You gotta be there and go save her. What do you have a talk you can't go back? Fish or chocolate like that? I've never done this before because normally the weight's stuck. It's lower to the ground. I have to stand up platform to curl up. It's like, fuck it. I'm going to stand back. I let it stretch forward and curl from here. It kind of gives a bit like a spider curl creature. A spider curl hammer curl. Five to a little bit of a different pull. It gets coming from straight and set it down. So it feels good. I'm going to try to do abs to help my lower back now. That breath is quite easy. But my glutes are tight as fuck. My abs are kind of weak. I'm not training them. So it's causing my back to like, our Sharda. I want to do movements like that lift which it's busted up. So I'm working on her right now. Training abs and they cramble bit and so. Training at the diary now. I'm only bad at that. I'll sit quite. See if you've asked what? Five. Five. No, that's it. The whole side of the gym just stopped and watched. The round gym pays respect. Heavy lifts. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. For people who like training abs to failure, I said, not it. I know if all of it or not cramble like this. All right, it's going to be wrap on. Don't show that. Making a wrap protein out of your teeth. So I'm testing out the water. Let's move on to the video. I got to cry out over here watching. We still need you a full day of eating. Yeah. Do you get it Friday? We can. I just don't know. I have to film someone Friday. Remember the whole schedule. Yeah. But I do lift three months away from you myself. Exactly. Whatever. We'll figure it out. But yeah, this is the last few weeks of my off season. If I want to do a full day of eating, my brain just working right now. Connie's going to come down here. I think next week or in two weeks, you're going to come get prep started with him being down. You're just training like food fucking do. Create a game plan and get the ball rolling. So looking forward to that. Sadly, my gym will be done by them. I don't think at least the gym partly with being made next week. And Connie's making a private gym to a Dallas. So we're going to go to Dallas a month after that. And then training out there. So she'll certainly come together. That's the final part of my off season right now. I'm like peaking and strength right now. I'll probably, so I've been just trying to get strong for the last few months. I get it technically. I squat at five places in the Smiths machine again finally. If we tend to have, that's a good sign for me that my legs are growing. I've been fucking killing my legs and they're coming back up. So grateful for that. But last few weeks of getting strong, I think I'm going to keep the strength high. As a ball human and just trying to get food. So the current game plan right now. I'm hunting down. We're kind of going over. How we're certain prep. And all that could chip. But for now, that's all it's going on. When my gym uses weekend, so might do some filming down there. If tell them to make it, it's not. It is worth it. But we get to watching. See you guys soon.