Not go against? No. I'm the opposite of go against. So you don't stay hard, you stay soft. Yeah. Let's go over to the red. Did you stay hard or soft, Quirt? I don't know. I'm back here. You don't know. What? Come on. Come on, Chris. Come on, you're one in two. Oh, come on. Come on, you're one in two. What's the... The idea. Oh? What are you loaning? I live in what? Here. You know. You preparation to start everything. I have a question. What is up YouTube? I'm turning this into my new office now for whatever reason I'm chilling here. But today's gonna be Q&A. I haven't done it for a long time. So welcome to Q&A Mr. SiBoom over here. I'll tell the Brazilian to pronounce my name. I don't even need to show it. So I'm just gonna jump into this video random ass questions. How many meals a day do you be? Basic question but answering is because they recently changed. I touched briefly on a my last video. But I used to always consistent in the channel. Push myself the 60 meals a day or at least five meals in a shake. And now it's reduced out to four meals in a shake. So I have breakfast, two meals that work, and then a shake and then one meal before bed. And because I've still trying to get them to see them on a protein content. Like two new 60 grams of protein. I've just increased the amount of chicken fish or whatever I put in my meal. And honestly my digestion has been a lot better. Not only is it that huge key of sleeping. It's not having a full belly. You go to bed. I can't even breathe. I can't even breathe. I can't put my belly full. So I'm eating now like an hour and a half of those two hours. Before I go to sleep. So I go to sleep. And I'm feeling like empty stomach sleep way better. Wake up hungry. And I can eat breakfast in the morning. I have to carry over and over. So what am I going to do it? How do I always say there's no perfect way to do anything. Experiment. What works my best for body. People are coming to me. I should do it. I was a minimum before. If you're bodybuilder because it's too big of a gap between it. I'm doing four in a shake but figure it out what works best for your bitchess. How was the travel been this year? Travel has been fun. I'm grateful to have been to different countries that do buy and get one of the alien everything. But the first thing that comes to my mind is overwhelming. That's the first feeling I feel honestly. It's been a little bit stressful sometimes. And I enjoy all my trips when I have fun. And I like me feel more awkward. But then I get a moment of coming back and being busy. And I'm rushing in. It has to be somewhere. Having an appointment, trying to check up and get everything ready. And then I'm missing something. And I just should have to feel overwhelming. Stress had been too much going on. And then on the back of my mind, I'm a fuck which is I'd be locking it down and training and eating more. Sistendly and that fucking up and be ringing ready for the Olympia. And then I realized like, please kind of slow it down a little bit and relax. I'm at a good point. I'm at a better point than it was last year in my body. So great things coming into my life right now. All this effort and time I'm putting into the year right now. So at the end of the year, I can separate from it so much. Travel much less and take time to punch your stage and put effort into training, die it rest and being home. So I'm a huge home body and I love that. It's very similar. So that's kind of what's going on. But travel has been fun and you know, Pittsburgh would actually a lot of fun. You could reach a chill and calving in Maddie like the good old days and the Airbnb and the economy there. Good work guys with the set that they're there. Can everything so that was fun. But it's been a lot. Who wins in a race? You've done recording. Thought race. No pushing just full blown athletic. No pushing on a cheating. I would fucking win 100%. And we have to prove it. I will prove it. We will start me in a thought race going out in the next video. Are you ever going to have your own gym? Let me show you. All right. So here we are. This is the future home of the 2023-2024 and beyond Olympia Prep series. The bomb lifting club is you will. My private little gym. It's something. Everybody dreams of when you get into working out, having their own gym. And even more so than that having a private gym. Nobody's allowed to come to somebody can bother me. I say nobody don't mean nobody. We got from the office and friends and people on the in and Brad and people can come train here obviously. But there's no AC so a lot of people aren't going to want to. And it's more so during the day it'll be like just me here if I want to train later and I other people can come. But being at revive and like a lot of people coming to visit a lot of people I know from I can all this shit sometimes it's hard to get there and like being the right mindset. It's not my music playing, it's not this, it's whatever. Just having to be able to control the environment here. So everyday I come in and I just set my own tone to the workouts. I think it's something that's really going to help me excel this year into this prep. So the goal is to build this whole thing out like by like 18-20 weeks I'll be Olympia. And which is coming soon honestly so hopefully it's going. But pure muscle fitness is Dorian is helping me out fit the gym there on a equipment distributor. And I got a lot of cool things in the work so they're helping me completely out fit the gym. Not huge just like 2700 square feet or 3700 square feet. I can't remember. I think it's around 30,000 square feet but it's not huge but for like my own building it's obviously a decent size. Like I said there's no AC and you're so we need a lot of fans sweating because it's fucking hot. But the goal is to sweat when we're going to tank top fans music blurring and just write it around. So it's fucking very excited. This is probably the thing I have most excited for right now going on. So when this is done I'm going to be in heaven. Revive gym is 40 minute drive from our warehouse right now which we're at every day and our warehouse like super close. It's like over there and down the street across the way. It's a little bit but I can drive here in under 10 minutes so. Pretty close. Super fire to hear about that. So yeah that's what's going on. You guys are watching Ceilay but I thought you need to know it's a gym forever. It's nice to be and know it's ever a lot to come. How did you find me here? Do you need a gas tube? Yep. What do you mean no? What do you want to do? Do you feel up every day? Yeah. It's worth it right? Actually it's necessary. Just. How would you function? About 700 for a star truck. I think drove and I can't walk today. In that case let me pull the one on push. You have any bad habits so you have to take control of in order to be the best version of you. Yes. I was just listening back to reporting a missile and I used the word like. So many fucking times. I feel like every other word like like like that's about how I really fucking want to get rid of it. That's going to make you the best version myself because I fucking hate myself when I say like, I shouldn't be so fucking rude to myself. But I said a lot and so honestly, people who want to get better at talking, be recorded yourself and listen to yourself talk. You will cringe you take, oh my god why I'm missing legs and much better to take. Oh my my. You can x y z and it makes you better and I never watch back my videos. So probably start doing that and get better at that break that bad habit. Where do you and Courtney go into Mary? So we got engaged like 7 or 8 months ago. People keep asking if we don't even have a plan to get on it. So if we didn't know what country we wanted to do and can't do that destination in America, whatever. So things at least landed on what we're going to be doing in America. We want it in fall but the only piece in fall on it is too soon to do with this year. And next we don't even know when the only one is going to be going to be with me. Except to mark over in November. So we have to kind of plan according to that. And on a seven. Yeah. Yeah. So we're still working on that. Who is the last person you met that made you star stroke. It's kind of a sad one honestly but it was James Fox. It's been a hospital right now. So that's a luck to him speeder recovery. He keeps fan. But we were in a restaurant in Miami and it went back from someone's like the bathroom available. And it was like locked or whatever. And I'm like someone's in there. I look at him like the fucking Jamie Fox that was just asked me as the bathroom. That's really so. That was pretty cool. So I've got any plans on new business ventures. Right now we're all going to down for a bit. Just launch button energy. But bond streets are launching. Has been launched by the time the video goes up actually. So don't miss out on bond streets. We got the best energy drink in the game that we're making. The best person stack in the game. It truly tastes like really good. Right? Because we treat with protein and so don't miss out on those. Perhaps we'll be firing the probably live right now. It's a good chicken. Alright. So we're made to the gym. Like I've got a cliff bar that's gas station that was fucking hungry and it has thick bulking. So put in the door great now in a back day. Put back to the questions. Any plans to grow beer? I'm growing a beer right now. But if you guys comment below me to grow my fucking testing biking beer again. I will do it just for you guys. Will there be any flavors of bone energy coming soon? Yes. We're currently working on like a really light lemon wine. Bright, tight thing like a green yellow. If you imagine those colors what it tastes like. Super light refreshing again. So that's gonna be our next flavor. I think for summer. Should be like in a two month. So 45 up about that. How do you control your anxiety? I think this question because you use the word control. That's what I try to do my whole life. I try to control certain habits of mine. And that's when you're fucked because when you're trying to control anxiety. You have things to die about the control you're going to put on it. You think that if you're usually from trying to put pressure on, think that over your control. But now you're putting more control on your anxiety. Just adding into your mind stuff that you don't have any help over. You create more strength. So the only way I'm going to be able to output this is to be able to get the energy. You can be able to output it and I'm still talking badly. Yeah. The learning kind of relax when it comes. I set up that it's there not to be too hard on myself. Just understand it's part of life. Whatever I'm doing is probably a reason to think me. It just gets important to me or whatever. It's not beating myself up. And also something that should be a long time to learn. I'm still learning. It's communicating about it. I have a whole life fucking hell to step in. But I didn't feel like I should like talk about myself. And I feel like I should be able to handle all my own. I also feel like I'd be a burden if I shared it with anyone. And that made my anxiety grow and be bigger. Well learning with people like Courtney and my family now to like share and talk more. But how I feel like get it out there. As soon as you release it, you feel better. And it's someone can be there and listen to and show you loving them. Now that's the compassion for everyone you do. You feel better again. So having good people around you, if you're not beating yourself up, not trying to control your anxiety. Kind of letting life come as ever does. It's not really that helpful. But I'm working on it myself. You guys have that better tip. Let me know. Well I ought to do my best to see you soon. I have no more questions. So we go home. Yeah. Hello. I just ready to go to my family. Excuse me. What's the question? What are you and where are you going to ask? A question you have for me. Me? Do I get you to think about anything? Yeah, you have three seconds. No, the challenge one. What do you have? I don't have any questions. You have to get rid of one once in our press. Don't do that to me. I can't decide. I'm getting what's the more good of my mom? No, that's not what I'm in. No, don't say that. I'm not going there. I'm just going to stress it out. Yep. Okay. Whatever you first started competing, did you have a coach? Yes. My number one tip for everyone who says, I'm going to show you the second meeting. Get your solo coach, you're just going to see the second. There's two more shit to learn. I need them to help you learn the ropes and then you learn through childhood. I over time at E and with my coach. My whole life from when I started body, been like up until last year when I had to go over. So get yourself a damn coach. Do you have a mentor to help you with your mindset? I did not ever have a mentor specifically. I've had a few therapists over the years and they've helped me a lot. But it's more so books, podcasts, and times of internal reflection that I've just put on to myself working on my mindset. It's an absolute continuous growth and then more I do it, the more I realize the more work I have to do. So yeah, maybe if I had a fucking mentor for my mindset, it'd be a little helpful. But I got some therapists that are very helpful and some good books and podcasts. So it's been got me this far. Twenty-who do you think would be a good mentor? Peter Com. Peter Com. I knew you were going to say that. All of you Marcus. No, Peter Com. Peter Com. I wish. Not Gorgot? No. So you don't stay hard. You stay soft. Yeah. What's going to be the right? Does he say hard or soft court? I don't know. I'm not getting a joke. No. You're getting a little uncomfortable. You look like a bond when I tell him he takes it up to butt. What? Do that's fine. Okay. Smear away from the handle of your money when you first started a business. Don't spend it. But seriously, don't spend your money. When you make money in the business, keep it in the business. Don't even put it out. Don't worry about just keep it all in there and keep it. Putting it back into the business. And then when you think you have enough money to pay yourself out. I put it back into the business. Don't put more in the business and then wait till the next step and then pay yourself. The rules always live to level below your meat. So if you're like comfortable living and then you get a raise. You make more money. The company makes more money. Don't change your lifestyle. The next time you make another elevation of raise money. More money, more money, whatever. Then you can go up to that first. I'll be coulda go on to you last time. So you always have a gap of extra money that you're making and you never stress about it. That's a biggest rule of thumb to not overspending your money. I did. I did. I was gonna just take the tip. Did you leave below? Did you make? Let below your means. That's your tip. You said that. Do you said I'm gonna say say the tip. Which you just said the tip. The two things below. Or take the tip. Or take the tip. Just the fucking tip. You're so fucking good. Sorry. I'm gonna say you do bad on how I feel like you guys right now. You just gotta say something stuff. It's your rimbling but gets you. What do you think else you want to ask? Do you think you have a question over there? I can come back to you. You're gonna give it a raise. I want more questions than I'm coming in. Go ahead. Don't stress. You seem to like cars with your dream five car garage. Raptor R. You like fucking love that thing. EMG GT Black Series. I'd love to have a dope track car. 69 Mustang, Mach 1, 1970 Charger OT, 1967 Camero RSSS. I could live off those cars. I'll probably jump the track every day. All right babe. That's your question. Okay. This is my question. What does happiness make to you? A little for a lot of people. Who seriously? What makes up for a filled happy life? I feel like it's filled with the happiness of two different things. So happiness comes from a cheatman success and it's good. But it is fleeting. No. Wrong. Happy wife. No. All right. You come on seriously. I think that like that like hot. Oh, I'm happy right now. And then like you're not meant to be happy all the time. But to feel fulfilled with your life is like a over sense of like feeling. You know? Where are you? Yeah. Sure. You are being your real self who living in your own path and you're working hard or whatever you love to do. Are you? Are you? Are you? Are you? Yeah. Are you? Yeah. Let's work on it. Good. There's more question. Anything else I should ask you? Give me a category and I'll go in that category. Rapid fire. Breakfast or dinner food if you had a pick one. All right now dinner. Psyka bags. Salt here sweet. Salt here. Are you going to go for breakfast? No. Just like in general. Salt here sweet. Great. How corn and cheese are you? A big sweet. A big sweet green. Just sweet green. It's a very fire. Um. You're the last rather loser by any. For the rest of your life first. Canada. Yeah. Who? Sorry, Miami. Dubai or Mexico? Dubai. Dubai. Perfect. It's pretty far away though. Actually, it's a little bit stuff. Um. A trucker is towards the car. The file only have one. Yep. Truck. Really? Sure. I have a fourth car in the truck. I only drove the truck. Can't you take a way more convenient? That's fair. Watson or me? Watson. I mean you. So he's getting all the chopping block. Who's getting on the chopping block? What the? I can't sit her with Courtney. I don't say that. What do you mean, bro? Don't say that. Look at that. You're not even here. You guys have like my back like, you guys have abandoned her for like three months. You're my mother. Okay, babe. Do you want your kid? You're future kid to be a bodybuilder? No. I can do whatever they want to do. But I wouldn't say just do bodybuilding. Are you daddy? Yes. Sure. Yeah. I'm gonna do. She's just beyond daddy. She's a little, a plant. She's just. They what team do you root for? Like, at any sport? I do. What? It was heavy. Nevermind. When are you guys having kids? Big. Whatever we're lucky enough to be put with them. Can you even produce? Guess we'll find out. Oh, I don't say that. We. My worst nightmare, Kelvin, just laughing behind the camera. We'll be fine. Do you rather live on the ocean or live in the mountains? But we need deeper questions like, Come on, bro. What? Don't zoom in on me, bro. I'm zooming in. I'm trying to get you in the frame. Don't worry. Um, deeper questions than that. Do you think it's hard for Chris? Do you think it's hard for Chris to maintain work life and love life? No. Do you think you do a pretty good job? Think you're for how busy you are. I think you do a really great job, actually. The question about if you think it's hard. Do I think it's hard? Yeah. I think it's challenging for you. Why don't you answer that? If you're a bush? It's the last you. Oh. Do you, will do you visit hard for you? Yeah. Yeah. Take that fruit? Yeah. In one way. Yeah. Putting it to that fruit. You know, you put your energy into multiple things in life. You put their engine into being a good business man, a good leader. Building your mind to be a good champion, Mr. Lampia winning all that shit, but you take it in the time to put effort and energy into your relationship and being open and communicating and building connection and leaning on them and being molar bowl with your partners so that you got their clothes. Sorry. You just focus the other way. Like give like examples. Like like how you could be better. If you have a busy job. Like what can you do on a week to week basis so that you're taking care of both matters? And what you guys want to do, you're really surprised as your time and you're together. And you're really great job of that, babe. I think what's the difficult for me is when I flip into a mode of like work or like fucking sea bone bullshit and like me agrees and then having to come home and then like be like normal and I'm like tense and shut off at different. So I just need to like when I'm home and when I'm here to be present and like off my phone, off away from shit and like do stuff together intentionally. What is it? Read the question. You laugh. Give the people what they want. It's something dirty. Oh, I think Courtney needs a helmet. Why? Why? Why? You're not. What are I doing the bike? What? What maybe I'll tell you. What says? What does that mean? I don't know. Means you might not be all there. Let's just spell after that. Yeah, I can laugh. It's okay. Let's go back to the time. Come on and Chris wrote us a day. Yeah. I'm skipping the questions like is your penis one inch or two inches? Courtney? Yeah, I understand. I heard you're a kid and all. You can't do it. Just move. Are you looking forward to being bulb? Come on. Yeah, you might be getting a little brown effect too. Do you want to go to your plugs with better afterwards? See actually? Yeah. Is there a good better? How about this? Courtney. What is the thing that we want most looking forward to in life right now? Um, like, in anything? Yeah. I'm looking forward to getting married. I'm looking forward to becoming a mom one day. I'm looking forward to something special with raw. That we're creating. Yeah, I put them there. What? And I'm looking forward to being in the present moment. We always look ahead. We don't know if we have tomorrow. We're looking forward to being present. Okay. That's how I'm looking forward to you. Back to the topic. Okay, three months. Six months, one year, five years. I just gave it. Married and like a year or two kids and like a year and a half kids and like two. Six months would be the thing with raw. Like, this is part of that's good. What is it for? By the time. This is good. Yeah. Let's go, bitch. Three months would be number one not traveling so much. And maybe we can get a new house. Six months. Olympia, one year. Get married. Five year. Having a family. Five years? Well, but in five years. Damn bro, you're getting me 45. I know. How for family's? I'm saying hopefully. I'm 29. But yes, I have a biological clock. So, can't wait five years. Well, you can't actually, but I mean, I just. You know, start taking that. NAD bro. Okay. Yeah. We'll be fine. Don't worry about the fertility process. We'll handle that. Freeze in the kids. Like my girlfriend. Freeze in the kids. I feel like I have more kids in the future when I stop bodybuilding. Nice. All right. That's enough of all that. Thank you guys for watching the video. We are heading to Italy tomorrow. So, all our shifts out. Trying to get packed up and ready to go. So wish me luck. We're going to maybe chat vlog up there. Maybe I don't. If you guys are actually nice, I will be the camera person and vlog him. I'll show you ways eating. What are you doing? How he's training. But you're going to fill my role, bro. I'm going to take the role, bro. I mean, you can do that too. Everyone's been liking my iPhone stuff. Yeah. Just make sure you're feeling proper. Okay. I'll try to upload a little call then. All right. Thank you for watching. Please subscribe. See you later. See you there.