So Chris as you look to this year and the next year, but you look at the classic physique in your own this year You get to be a spectator and look back as as a judge or as a fan and go, all right Well this guy's got some parts. I'm gonna need to build mine up for this. What did you see in the top or guys from Wesley divister or Tim Wesley to bring on I mean I did obviously Wesley with a bit of surprise for everybody I was there in the morning watching Prejaging and that'll let Holy shit he's gonna win You know I thought it was gonna win I would have never guessed I going into it But it's a thing of classic physique because of the way limit we have people can come in It just shock you all the sudden you never really know That's why every year is an opportunity for people to jump play things take my title anything that is in could really happen So I think Wesley come in for a huge wrench You know, I don't think it's gonna be a top two call the like last year of me in Vermont It could be four of us it could be whatever it just changes everything it's worth it all up in the air So it's gonna make it more exciting this year for sure and Yeah, I mean I'm excited to get after and they like I said they all drive me to be better So just a little more push for me to keep pushing myself Is you feel like a like where did you feel walking away now like I got my work cut out of it cut out for me Are you like Sam I go k it Wesley who fed them last grail got it the movishers I mean like where you tell their way from the having any types of stuff like that. I just want you No, I mean I was I was side stage and I was looking at it and I was like I think he's guys I think the product I hate to swim you know Two kids this is the ones across the stuff and the bowl full of the the dads are talking about Woman up in this boring stuff. I feel like I'm like a Home full of matters I used to do that until you reach a certain level of strength And then you pretty much coast around that level and get more volume in get after a while Like on squats or bench press or double press get too strong. I mean it takes first of all so long to warm up and the risks to hide So you might as well just do more volume and stick to The same kind of weight and then move up and breath them and progress that way and get a better pump each time with Those heavy weights for the heavy to live with blood and your body on the dead Two 20 kilos But Yeah, do you know kilos or four 95? Yeah, something like five plate. Yeah, five plates But I'm not built the squat because I go like this My lower back is messed up so I'm like I My legs needed the work so I just stay to machines that focus more in the legs You should train very super heavy that lets us squat until honey told you They're not only Yeah, yeah, yeah, my weights are growing so I like that But I miss it Real for those Chris is catching up the Beyonce Maybe we don't have number 10 we're crossing theMusic Yeah, like nothing Without bringing the sweat på guy My bolt win the on clutch QK still, so you can do that. Yeah, and that's also Netherlands. Yeah, yeah, it was going to be a pro show in Netherlands for the first time in a lot of years I was like, well, should I do that? But now I'm getting a lot of advice while just folks in the league here for now Because I want support. Yeah, exactly. That would be my advice as a friend. But if you're competitive, I would tell you to do every show. Yeah, I never planned on On this to happen like this of course, but to get support to change plans. Why do you do that? No, I also didn't expect for this to happen. Of course, I wish for that. But for actually happening is a different story. Now everything has changed so exciting stuff. What is up YouTube? We're here in Arizona doing this Olympic battle promo for the Olympic Covenants here. Pretty cool. Who's going to be me, Arizona alone. And then on Sunday after Wesley won the Arnold, they were like, fuck it. We're going to fly him down and see if he can come before going home and get him in the workout too. So it's going to be a little chaos trying to train with four people and the allergy's workout or the allergy's to be at this weekend. So it's going to be kind of a casual workout. A lot of people in here. Not going to be the best, but we're going to do what we can. So can we find, fuck you up. They're ready to do it. Even though they just competed and I'm fucking mad. You see, I'm barely training, so we're going to do our best and have lots of fun. Go on. Basically everyone's out there works. Yeah. And we are alive with this. Olympia Productions, production of Olympia Battles 2024. The big one is here. We'd like to thank Wolf back who's brought to you this amazing event live from Blood, sweat and bodywork to the end Phoenix with the best. Good breath. Good breath. And I saw a lot of people in the bus. Yeah. Good. Good. There's a lot of people in the bus. With a turn. Yeah. Bring it through. Yeah. And you're on four, huh? And you're four. Can we four? Ooh. Can we treat? Ooh. You're a double. Give me double. Yeah. One five more squeeze. Let's go. Yeah. Yes. Sit. Nice and warm now. Come on. It's enough. I know. I have a friend. I have a friend. I have a friend. Let's go. Let's go. Is that power, huh? That power. Oh, can I take it up? Can I take it up? Yeah. Come on. You're not sure about it. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. How you going together? I have to go. Come on. Yeah. You got three. You got three. Yeah. Good. More chess. More shoulders. More chess. I got two. Good. One more. One more. Right. One more. Right. Right. One more. One more. There's loads there. Hey, haters. You have to kill. Yeah, yeah. What? What do you want me to do? I mean, the spring has to be there. We'll see you. I can't. Yeah. I can't. I've been there. I just want to get one more. I just want you to. I can't. That's one. Yeah. Do you know, break it out the big dogs? Good job, Steve! Good job, Steve! Let's go! Let's go! Let's go! She's got to pancakes with her friends. Look at the watch more, he's... Oh, yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Good job, Jeff. Good job. Good job, good job. Did that check? Four. Five. Yes. Come on. Seven, easy. Come on. One, two, one. Nice. Let's go. Woo! Good job, Steve! Good job. Bear! Yeah. Come on. I'm picking out! incognito! Sw Мы 외check spor! Go! Sw Belgium World! Yeah! Typical Donaldson. One, two, one, two. Yeah. Yes. Nice. Nice. Nice. Oh, that kick. What's the one? All right. Oh, that's one. Oh, that's one. Good job. Good job. Good job. Yep. Let's go. Let's go. Come on. Come on. Here folks are to please come on. Let's go. Let's go. Yeah. Come on. Yeah. Yeah. Come on. Yeah. Very good show. Yeah. Very good show. Yeah. Oh, they're grand emotions. But I want to go to the level now. Yeah. I want to go to the level now. I have a question. You've got three to three guys are all pushing big with big weight. That's a present. Yeah. To push it out and grab the ball. And then go to the show. Yeah. Yeah. The oak is not all part. Right there. I don't know. Oh, yeah. One. Yeah. Yeah. You're doing something you get. Yeah. Thank you. Members build so if the marriage comes with them they go big all right. That's right. Yeah. Yeah. That's it. You're not doing with them. I don't know. Yeah. I don't know. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, yeah All right, so we wrapped up that Decent workout with the top three Arnold classic champions Go away, so they're creeping into the mix So it's good to train us all these guys are all like a few days post show and strong as fuck I would not have been listening as heavy as they were especially on the dumbbell when if I was a few days post show and No, I might dumb as it probably tears of me, but it's so good for them for doing that I'm definitely a real man of the group, but had some fun This is some good way we're gonna had to dinner now But it was really cool that Wesley was able to fucking dominate at the Arnold. I still think that Ramone and or as worn at their best and I'm not sure that it would be the same result if they were all the best Conquestly with beyond his best and they weren't so the Olympia is gonna be exciting to watch They can come back and pull it together and switch it up But I have a feeling that us four guys will be the top four the Olympia again and it'll be interesting So I'm super pumped you know fired up to get back to work now when they get home from this trip I'm home for like I don't have six seven weeks and I actually am ill train and he probably and I can't fucking wait to not eat the restaurant because I'm gonna work out lots of fun Hopefully guys enjoyed that that lumpy of video the other guys I think I have some more content out if you want to watch it the bit of a shit show in the air was like 50 people watching four people training But we did the best we could have a good time so appreciate you guys saying for watching see you