11 He doesn't have You just lift more than Chris? Nah Now I make sure he stopped at 11 These are your one chance to call him as skinny bitch do it Good Good Good Oh, so Wow That may be one of the most depressing sets of every gender in my life Yeah I think maybe I feel like my abs are ripping my shoulders and shaking my labels without the tear again I'm like, god damn I've always had the worst bench ever but that would pass This is why I stopped atching because that was so weak as you did Good 225% You would be next Mr. Olympia Sending this clip to honey It's kind of fucking dry me Come on Come on Chris Come on You're still Oh Come on Come on Come on What's the You working? How's it going to say? I don't know What's up? Super heavy What is up? You too welcome to the Cheste Mr. Van Walker No no no no We're both weak little bitches right now because we've been being little bitches But I have probably a little bit less than me So I'll push each other Trying to get strong Kind of a beautiful Cheste on this beautiful Monday We're still a chain chest but here we are doing it Yeah Yeah Not too good No that's just what it is We're going to make you with it I'm going to make him run the workout So coach Vaughn today You're going to be a strong coach Vaughn Mr. Van I'm not that bad So yeah, see you No? It's kind of good First week Back pushing chest and everything So not too super sets Not too strong sets and not that bullshit Maybe super sets but I won't drop anything I'm still just trying to get Back into the auto recovery So it's just good to be getting slightly stronger Yeah But squeeze that I'm not doing that Leave it to the young guns Where are you moving up? What? What? You know how my joints just hurt You can hold I know, hold Very out of character I spent the weekend in Miami Was my buddy from high school Being the general We're actually good people We just drank a lot of alcohol and ate like shit And I haven't done that in like years So my fucking joints are in flames and soren't tired So I'm paying my debt I don't know what you say that But it worked I'm my fault that I feel like shit So it is what it is But back on the grind now No more losing Take me to your huge So 10 supper Why doesn't even drink I don't really eat it I don't really eat it It's got to be like corn occasion Cork good cause I mean having the boys here is a good cause Oh you got to drink with the boys So when you hang with us we're not the boys Okay If you're not the boys You can't think I can't be doing that But like when you haven't seen it for a minute Yeah, you have to You still always do like three to four reps to warm up And now because I'm not youthful I'm not a youthful I'm not a youthful I'm not a youthful I'm not a youthful I'm not a youthful I'm not a youthful Because I'm not used to holding away And I'm trying to rebuild like that I've been trying to do warm upsets to build my form My most connection My stability, how that should kind of rebuild the pack up So my warm ups are a little more intensive than they used to be These would be really short The two three up now I'm trying to get a bath with so But we need three warm ups I'm going to move into work who's at now So I'm not doing any great things Trying to control the weight perfectly So do like one-tenths Yeah I'm going to build up I'm going to pick up the dumbbells that have to Like three weeks at the old bit So push me up Honies going to beat your ass and dollars I don't know how to scare It should be making fun of me the whole pack Push you get your other You get the bond to make you fun of me Oh me You're a dairy product of your night Me, honey, and corn, okay Yeah It's okay How's the most brutal? Yeah She doesn't have to hear his laugh laughing at me Oh Did you survive? Yes, I did What? What? Baby Better breath, okay Come on Yeah 11? Yes, have You just lift more than Chris? No I made sure he stopped that 11 You got my wrist here I'm not going to see her He's not helping him just dragging your dough These are one chance the column is going to catch you Good Good It's weak When you're just like Because I'm like pretty plateaued in my strength And you're so peaking I feel like it's going to be a year where we're kind of like getting up there, you know? That's when I retire So I can say I let you have it Come on Jump Push here Slow it back Thank My heart rate was way lower than I thought Yeah It was like one 105 110 Around there I'm like fuck It isn't even like cardio Yeah I think that's like my resting heart rate What? To be fair mind my resting heart rate is like 90 And then it goes up to one chance It just doesn't fluctuate I'm not a good one Come on, one more Also up there I talked about some of the last video Doing events with Texas Irving Texas right here on Dallas Mr. Honey Rambot It's been like a Q&A seminar Me and greet not just a regular little me and greet I'm going to put the link in the below It's like an event right Figure tickets Two tiers won't get you some free free workout and merchant everything The other just active to the event All the info is on the site But I'll link it below or help Calvin to put the link in there in the comments So it's going to be February 25 I think so and like we can have them now So beer and Texas Check it out No No Calvin will be there though No Yes Insane To Trash This is it Oh covered Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. I couldn't have. Who? What's happening here? Should I go up? Oh yeah. Oh yeah. What? What? I think the machine got heavier, but I'm not getting weaker. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Two sets of overdone. What are you supposed to do if you want to fix the weapon? You have a 12-minute one hand. You have five fingers. Throw another finger. You got five fingers. One of the special pieces. I go between a three-x-L-2-x-L-M-E. But dropping next week, so get ready. Got three t-shirts. I jack it. Belt. Oh yeah. It's hard to work, too. I almost forgot. So stay tuned. See you on dashfin.com. Coming to Ecommerce website near you. You just go to Bon for zero percent off. People always like to squeeze on me. What is it like, brush? Why do you have to coat? I'm like, how about this? I'm gonna do that. It's a Fermi bot spoon. Let's come on,ölls. We have a place to go. Oh, wait. We can cut what you looked at. You didn't know, neck there. Probably another press. You can choose. What? So you can choose what you want to do, machine or something over there. Or flat bench press. Flat bench? I'm done, man. I don't know how long. A full script. What? I say either inclined hammer or flat. Flat bar. Flat bar, but you're going to rip 135 raised. That may be one of the most depressing sets I've ever done in my life. 10 maybe. I feel like my abs are ripping. My shoulders are shaking. My labels are about to tear again. I'm like, got down. Very well. This is where you show them up. Yeah, I see more of the time. It's just your chair. Wow. Đay back. I'm gonna die. I'm gonna die. I'm gonna die. I'm pushing down again. And to leave him going so hard the whole workout, right? We're just exhausted. You just gave a lot of young boys a lot of confidence. I've always had the worst bench ever but that would pass. This is why I stopped benching because that was so weak at it. But, 225 per 10, you would be next to Mr. Olympia. If you got it for 11, you could beat me. You might have her doing this. It's even worse. What? I think it's time we go through a tire. I'm just gonna take you second so I can get more than 10. I'm probably gonna do it. I kind of heard about shoulder too. Not like injured it, it was just tight. It's not like this, clipped a honey. It's kind of fucking dropped me. Sorry. Definition of Skina Bitch. Yeah, we should both be wearing Skina Bitch here right now. Yeah. Restocking though, so get ready. Even spotting it hard right now. I was like, I don't know if I can spot you on this. Could've waited around for the workout. So even ego killer but you know, this is what it is. We'll get her next time. What is this from? That's it. I'm gonna get her to her part. Test is running away. That's not him. I'll show. See you guys next time. That's fine. All right, well, can't even do an outro for my vlogs. So like, well now there's less pressure because it's not your vlog. All right. Thank you guys for watching. See you, Bum's Drop. See you both finished drop. Next week, we got to do that. Three shirts. Three shirts. Followed for your life. I think this is about it. This is dropping. Same over the drugs. I don't know idea. Mark some. The rod drop in March to the codename. But yeah, good workout with the boys. Finally back on track. No more drinking. Still skinny bitch. See you guys next time. The one drinking for you and for me. For me, so you can. I can drink. On the huge party animal. It goes out and clubs every weekend. Okay. I didn't even drink. We went to Talcom College. I know. All right. Yeah, that's the wrap on the video. Thank you guys for watching. Check out Mr. Von. Do you have a chance to come down, Walker? Von Walker. Yeah, there you go. So yeah, that's why it's going on. Put the link in the below for the event. Next week. Worked job. Next week. All that good shit. Thank you for watching. And we will see you guys next time.