Ok. ITS STORE What's this up YouTube here? I have a little Columbus at the Arnold Classic in early morning workout today. I have a special little by CFL like press in the 150 to 9 a.m. It's like Actually, it was not a good idea about it. So I'm happy here doing a little being great photo shoot and then we're doing a seven-hour Conti there. We're gonna be cool a lot a few years ago in the meat honey and then things shirts in We're here for chill about the Arnold from my dad down this year. We got the whole crew So we're just doing what we do here at your Arnold having fun. That's about it. No chill it So Let's see you guys around I like childhood gaming in LeB end My And Okay. I think the jupy lines are too good. Yeah. Pop it. Actually, yeah. No. It's all right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So, I'm not a lot of people. Get the fuck out of here. It's just five times a limp yet, champ. Fuck it. Yeah. And they all know to just an on the guy. Yeah. Yeah. I'm wrong. Fuck it. Kill it. The boy. Let's go. Hey. I want to get 12 of these cans. I will not drink anymore. Give it a hell. Yeah. I'm still waiting. I'm still waiting. I need to get the money. Yeah. Let's go. I'm going to get the money. I'm going to get the money. Yeah. Let's go. I'm going to get the money. I'm going to get the money. I'm going to get the money. All right. So, just got to watch a little bit of classic music. I didn't even know they're out today. We won't came back to do by Seminar. Then we didn't even let me back stage. I was trying to pretend like I was the first coach. And they were like, no, sorry. You can't come back. I'll let them come to the very, but anyway, we made it back. Got to watch a little bit of classic music. Wesley Vister is up there and top two. It looks like right at the middle. First call it with your bow. Or is it right there too? So, pretty good show for you. I was always up there. So, it was good. It was really cool. And the motivate me to be in stock to compete again. So, down again a little bit of a net scene. They got up there. They get the all compete. They're showing without me. And then I get to do what I do. Yeah. Hopefully. So, I got to go and say, split it right now. Do you set my hair for half? Then we'll get on for a day. I'll be here for a week. We're here. Take a look at the last one. Good to see you. Congratulations, you're welcome. I'm glad you're here. I'm glad you're here. Thank you. I'm glad you're here. I'm glad you're here. Thank you. Thank you. You're welcome. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Come for real. Oh, my goodness. Thank you, thank you. That's the ball. Thank you. Thank you, too. That's the ball. That's the ball. This is too far. Thank you. Thanks for watching. What's up on the show? Yeah. Yeah. We'll follow you, too. Yeah, yeah. We'll follow you, too. Here's necessitated working with you, We're oko 친구들egd, I'm so so full I'm so full Alright, so we got back from the Arnold and yeah, did do a lot of talking the whole thing. We're just kind of chilling in his dinner. I know you guys are always loved travel vlog. So it's Kim through that. But I just wanted to quickly touch on the reason why I'm really excited for this Arnold is because my dad this year is retiring. So I really wanted to spend a lot more time with him, especially now that I'm becoming a father myself and just realizing the inexplicable impact that my dad had on my last growing up. I just want to spend more time with him. It would be a dad that you might dad, it's like his weird, full circle thing now. So I brought him down to the Arnold and I wildly go to him was kind of like impassing with randomly like, you know, like it becomes like an ever-meat Arnold because he was a guy who was in the 70s, 80s when I was growing up, he was a man and I was like, I probably make that happen. So I asked him if I wanted to come with me, he's like, hell yeah, let's do it. I'm down to Florida, like some gals, chilled, much of the Arnold and then I'll like date two. Now that he was talking to Brian, the guy who sets it up and they'll go breakfast tomorrow, 80m Arnold, let's be there. So with there, we went to the hotel, whatever and then Arnold came or chill in there with Ronnie Coleman or sorry, thinking, pop by the Hany Jay Keller and Arnold Schwarzenegger and my dad was just like, what the fuck is my life right now? Because he's just a chill simple dude from Canada. So that was really cool and it was fun to be able to spend more time with him and just kind of chill and have some father son button bonding time. Arnold actually even signed a little book for him, gave to him and gave one of my mom's clients a book too because he's a huge fan. So it was really cool. You know, the longest I ever spoke with Arnold and you realize that he's actually just like a normal dude, super funny, crack and jokes chill and so we had a good old time and it was just, I was happy to spend the time with my dad. You know, I've never really cared about hanging it. It was like, other people are doing anything but I do just love spending time with my family. My dad is like, person who made me like calm, level headed person that I am. There's a being a reddit comedy always makes me feel work at peace. That a lot of fun. Hopefully more trips with Jaybum Mr. Jeff Bum said that we're going to be getting after it. But we're back home now. Finally home for a while. Just a couple of work done yesterday and the goal is to now finally get sued. So stay tuned. Hope you enjoyed the video. I'll see you next time.