And chill. Do you got babies from a love island? No. You know, and I just don't want to be like, So loyal, and I want to become 10. Fuck it. I'm not interested in them. Trust in Jesus. I'm just kidding. When we talk about the committee and the committee, I can do it. Come on, come on, Chris. Come on, you're one. Two. Four. Four. Two. Four. Four. Four. Two. Come on, you're one. Come on, come on. What's there? What, you see? What, my baby? I didn't do it with my baby. My baby. You see? What is put in my grave? You see? What is up? YouTube? So there's no exciting day. Merry Christmas, and I should always am. But very exciting. But very exciting because the podcaster I've been listening to for a while genuinely reach out I think you reach out to your reach out to someone I know Zach to wonder then He gave me his contact then I gave him the move whatever it's some way or form you reach out Mr. Chris Williamson modern wisdom don't podcast But listen to so some crazy guests on a good like Gog and the jacco Jordan Peterson Peter Cron, one of my faves Smaller guy, but I love that dude But he's had like some big ass names on it. He hit me up. I think it's a monster Yes, please talk a lot about mindset psychology and stuff that's deep into just like your ways of thinking Success and all that kind of shit so you want to come down here to Florida We set up this crazy set up down there. We're gonna be hit the podcast down deep into my mind and hopefully pull some shit out of me That I haven't even shared before because I've been trying to But go all this here for me to lean to sharing some more of my mental thoughts and processes rather just writing it down in my phone I reflect thing and try to like put it out to the world This is gonna be the break-out start on that so super great for doing the podcast excited nervous all the shit So yeah, we'll show you guys the setup. We get to This is a real John with dad. We should be doing a real John wicked What does that do you want this money cameras You seen on the actual monitor at the top no come on look at this Let's meet my queen We already met but can see again So you'll be sitting right here other Christmas right here This Where's our wife? Which ones are we are why it's here? It's just so they can see right there. Yeah, there we go. There's our why And that's the end That's the end Let me see the morning Yeah, that's perfect right at that speed you know those things that they do with the with the boxes I just been the chas round before they're about to have a fight like Jake Ols chat and shit to make to us So this feels like a little bit yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Just to make it welcoming and warming like a woman This blade run a John wakest that it That's your training as you know Mike Whenever I count at the moment, she's like Do they mix or this player yeah, yeah, it's like a push-up on legs split. There's a place on a called left ATX in Austin She's just spectacular indoor outdoor It's so good every single Saturday's always the same always shoulders buys and tries every single Saturday same boys Are you gonna cross fit Chris cross fit Chris I'm waiting Contouch this Waiting for fuck yeah. I saw that I remember that video of you and No, also and some of the guys doing an overhead dressing yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah That was a shoulder press, but I did one video through which I actually that was a full cross fit like a 15-minute Water whatever they call it. That was a I was literally coughing for a week. I got that bold life with coming up Yeah, it was also Canadian on 24 dry like I'm proud of sick Baby, whatever you want. I hope that lay me on whatever you want yeah You Right, I'm gonna do ad reads I reckon I'll be done in about 20 minutes And then we can go You got a you know Depends can I get one of those energy boys? Yeah, children energy boy. Oh, have you got have you been sipping on caffeine over there? You need to eat You get a week. I'm gonna go Yeah, like if you brought like four meal or top or no like the fucking chicken rice I have to have a hole, but well, that's not used to me Not gonna be prepared you're bringing a hoaxing brain in a cup of chicken beer No preparation My only preparation is food Chicken and rice Chicken and rice and camera since it'll be through all cool you go eat and I'll see you in 20 minutes But yeah Are you a perforated You're actually Older is my favorite Keep practicing I couldn't afford it. You know all the this cheap packaging from God knows why oh, it's work Freak but you're drinking rainbow chin Lockets Come on. Come on. Let's go. I don't even introduce you to this. This is Christina Williams. You're gonna get time with that again. This is Mr. Chris over here. Chris squared number two. Give me no one from the podcast and modern wisdom. If you don't, you will fuck it. Seriously, Mr. No. Podcast at the bottom of the two for a minute. I know we're super honored that you wanted to reach on to it. So, okay. We just own the podcast. Thank you for super good. What are they coming out? It'll be out. No. 10th of July. 10th of July. 10th of July. There you go. Yeah, boy. Stay tuned for that. We post them about it. But we just wrapped it up. And as tradition, I'm out of breath. I'm gonna shape it. Or here to hit some chest. Post podcast. I'm gonna get some steak. Steak's after. Just a couple of your time. So, stay tuned. Yeah, we work out. And chill. Mmm. Mmm. The tree you got babies from a love island? No. Can we talk about the committee in that? Yeah. Oh. Oh. Yeah. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. What are your cues on this? First, like, what are you thinking about when you're... Did... Did... Yeah, this ice cream's already white. So, pulling you backwards. So, more than I'm coming together. And you're like, even if I'm not all the way there, I think you might be able to have in that final speed of your chest. I have. Like, here and here, coming in the other side. Rather than your arms, I mean, like, yeah. And just, just getting the center of your chest, catching it back slowly. Oh. Long enough you can feel the negative pressure. Oh, my. Oh, my. Take it. Take it. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Now, kind of keep it away. I can't... I can't... I can't... Not warm up with your warm up weight. That is a top set of the same people though, just. You wanna drop it? Well, you're doing the camera off. Smash cut to, like, the set being finished in the plate to be back on that beef. Like, 220s over the far side. Oh. Put that in there. What the f... Where does my asko? I'm thinking, yeah. I don't know. Okay, got it. Come on. Come on. Big drive. Come on. Come on. I'm gonna ask the dumbbell like that. Come on. Come on. Well, you see the most extreme extreme straight. And most successful people who've been doing consistent. So, there's nobody that I know. That was managed to be successful without being consistent. My consistency doesn't guarantee that you're successful. But if you're not consistent, you can guarantee that you won't reach success. I've got every sound of the fact that it's just impossible, like. This is the problem. Given that I did live island, the problem that it teaches young people about what success is. If it's success isn't doing something consistently. That's hard. Difficult becoming better every single day over a long period of time. It's like hoping that you get plucked out of obscurity. Yeah. Like the fucking hunger game. You know the mopping game? Yeah. That's what people you get. Yeah. Because this girl who's now got two million followers in Instagram and everybody in England or everybody in America or Australia, they're the endos of their name. There's a address six weeks ago. And now she's got the two million dollar pretty little thing boo-hoo contract. Like, well that's how I get famous. But now Drake said it best. He was like these days famous separated from excellence. Oh, that's good. He always followed good one, right? Yeah. But it's so true. People just famous for being famous though. Whatever reason they've never accomplished anything excellence. People are like people naturally look up to famous people. It's a culture that we've built in. It's a lovely culture. So with their celebrities, people have been down there. It's easy to go. I think the number of people that have fragile fame. Yeah. Again, it's interesting for me because I've seen fame twice. I've had two waves of it. Yeah. So I had it the first time with reality TV and it came really easy. But it left really easily. And then this time, if I wanted to stop it now, it's like a snowball going down. Hell, it was like, it's way more robust. And it's people that know me, what I am and what I do. Whereas if you do end up on the reality, it's a V show. People come up and go, I know you and I really appreciate it. What are they saying that they appreciate you so I'm feeling on TV and the sunshine and the sun. Yeah, it's so nice. Yeah, it's like a way back to the value I find people who know me. They've just like six or six years of growth. It's just different. Come on, Chris. Come on. Take it. Big chest one. Do you do three 15 right now? On bench. Are you fucking tear your chest? How many reps? Four. Like regular 10 sets or 10 reps? 10 reps? No. I could do it on dumbbells. Like one calorie max if anything. I have no idea. Can you remember what they are? I hit a 7 10 deadlift. I never went around max squat because I was too scared. But I did 6 25 for 7 which was like the scary thing I ever did. And then bed trust was like 435. I've never had good bench here. What's that in? I can break many. Is that one landing five? That's about, no, that's about 435. Yeah. That's about almost 200 kilos. Yeah, I go now. Do you see everyone's trying to break that ton of flats record at the moment? 525. Is that a lot of training? 525 for 23 reps, right? 525 for 23 reps. I thought it was all the 21st boys. You did like a crazy 215 to about 200 reps. That's like 100 reps. Yeah, no this was the one that a bunch of people have tried to do. And everybody ends up collapsing. Partly through. Who's that Canadian dude that's like, well, no. I'll do it one more. I think he's starting. No, I think I did another warmer. I'll go. I'll start thinking about that's the key to stop talking about and to just start training. The guy that talks for a living and the guy that trains for a living and coming into him. Come on. It's friction. You're talking it's a... That's great stuff. Really nice. Yeah. I don't feel jittery. Well, there's no captain here. It's definitely a bit more fucking juice in the tank. Yeah. It's nice. I've been really liking the loads of no STEM. You can overload everything else. Are you being ethical and fucking back in the right place? Yeah. There's some asshole on this, just to be able to do whatever you can. Some asshole on this. Yeah. You're business partner. I'm sure. Who's giving me shit? Good. Right, exactly. I like it. For a long time, all the people were doing this just pushing hard on the caffeine pedal. Okay. There's only so much health meaning you can take to try and make 400 milligrams of caffeine not feel like health. Yeah. So. I mean, probably not a good thing when you drink four or two million caffeine and feel nothing. Yeah. You know, people were like, I need 500 to feel it now. So then you need to probably set up a little detail. Dude, I did 500 days at that caffeine. 500 days with zero caffeine. I got stealth caffeine a couple of times. When people gave me diet coke, they didn't have the wasn't no caffeine. Yeah. But like, other than that, 500 days. Wow. Should I just see what happened? I did a thousand days at that alcohol. I think it was really great. Yeah. So it's like, removed the part of, like, Did you notice any difference from like six months to have this? From alcohol again. Yeah. Yeah. And that was mostly consistency of habit. Yeah. But it was no great. But if you think about what a hangover is, a hangover is electing to make yourself ill, acutely for 36 hours. Yeah. So I'm going to fuck my world up for 36 hours. And then caffeine, the reason for that was I just felt like I didn't ever talk about being tired or being awake. And then I did think about what I have very in levels of caffeine concentration in my blood. Yeah. If you listen to the language of people say, they don't say I'm tired, they say I need to cough up. You're like, maybe. If you want to be a drinker over the cracks of your fatigue, you'd ask yourself the question, why am I tired 11-30 a year? Yeah. You're not supposed to be tired 11-30 a year. Yeah. So you mask over the fact that you're not sleeping in a prioritising recovery. You use your phone until 11 pm at night every single evening. In silver day and when you wake up. Thank you. There we go. There's a coffee in you before you're a denocene system to the active. You're not hydrating properly. You're not taking any magnesium or sodium or potassium. Oh, but I'm tired 11-30 a year. Yeah. Fuck wait. It was a really accurate insight. You're putting in any of your world-loved experiences. You're not going to talk about it. You're the pill. You're the drink. You're the coffee. Yeah. This is a little chess press by. I've seen you use this guy before as excited to use. Cool. Yeah. Big fan of it. Comberging. A little converging. Oh, I'm not pressing. I'm going to go a little. Is that it? I've been one I've spent my energy on at warmer. Just make sure I can do it. Don't light fall up the weight. Cross-fick press. Don't get the opposite of it. Take one and 45 up. Yeah. Take the opposite of it. Take one and 45 up. Come on. Come on. Ah. Sorry, that's not helpful. Follow me. Come on. Ah. Come on. Ah. Ah. A swag gravity is different for you when you get on. No matter how good I am. Because I can button it in the press to make the gravity go up for me. Don't press. Come on, Chris. Try. Come on. Here we go. Yep. Six ways. Six ways. Five games. And that's just a book sentence. That pushed you hard back. I often use my neck in my chest press as well. Same thing. That's a secret. The secret of a strong chest press is in the neck. That's what happens to you. Chest press to block. Chest press to the right person. Broken version. Oh. I don't know. Excuse me, Jeff. No. What's your bodybuilding? You ought to make him do a stretch of ice. That's a fly. That's okay. He'll be in the lift. What's the story behind the tattoo on the front? It's full? Yeah. It would happen to be on the front of the ocean. What's up on set? And what's the pursuit? Uh-huh. This one is not that one. That's the year I got sick. My class year a lot. I got sick and like, really didn't do that, like set the pace for the rest of my life through this. Like all of like, shit, I thought I had figured out kind of came crumbling down because of the such a stressful time. No, when I was like, I got a fucking gun. I've shipped together mentally and had operated in the world. So I'm just like floating through that thinking of the front of the chair. It's all started from that year. Okay. Let's go. Good. Come on. Look up. Take it. You're going to go out of the... Take it. Come on. Come on. That would be the surprise. Let's try again. Good. Drive. Come on. Here you go. How does this trip, Jellon? It's like, you get so progressively farther on the way up. It's just fucking deep. When you fail on this, it's just nothing left on the table. You get to do it on your way up. Yeah. Who did it? Thanks, please. Thanks, please. Come on. Yep. Yep. Take your ass. Come on. Come on. Keep moving. Keep moving. Yep. Yep. Yeah. You're a lot so truly okay. Hi. So like, you're somebody who you're in Takeru, who is built around making your body look as aesthetic as possible. Yeah. And I think that he purposefully can be in the category that optimizes for like actual aesthetics. And he makes with muscularity and so on and so forth. And yet men weigh way way way way got the best end of the deal. Getting to look at women's bodies. Make it, then do the way around. Yeah. Like even the most like curated cut well-honed male physique. It's like we got the better end of the deal. Getting to look at women's. No thanks. Like the honour we have men you mean? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Like that. We get to like they get to look at us and it's like insurance. I don't think we would have talked to you. But like compared to like the just the female form is way more nice to look at. Yeah. Yeah. For sure. Like even like for like. We've got the better end of the deal. But like the people in the bodybuilders there to see freaks. So they want to like they'd rather see the men's bodybuilders who looks like freaks in the woman's bodybuilder. You know. That is true. Just generally like I think. I bet you had it. Again, we're talking about men first women in the following in the action. Yeah. With your bodybuilding show and you asked what we'd rather look at on stage right now. Most of the cow we men and most of the cow's who they'd rather watch the men watch. Up is the unknown. Yeah. Up is the unknown. That's your cow. But that's a difference. For my traditional English leaving and the cow was leaving. I'm gonna go fire up the trigger. So see you guys there. You put it into a 500. You grow. That ones I've wanted for you. So we'll let that. I'll actually eat on a little bit more ground. So take this fucker out. So took a little bit longer. Took a couple of hours to get them to 110 internal temp. So I'm just gonna squish this on to 500 right now. And we're gonna steer these bitches and about probably a little bit. But yeah. So we let them smoke for a while and they're gonna taste amazing. They look good. The bar is in. They smell insane. Yeah. It's great. It's like a baby. It's like a baby. It's like a baby. It's like a baby boy. It's not a baby boy. It's a little bit of a smuggling around the edge. It's a bit of a smuggling around the edge. It's a bit of a smuggling around the edge. I don't know about you. But that's perfectly there.