We got to make noodles. Big news boys. Come on, guys. Come on, come on, Chris. Come on, two more. Three, four, one, one, one, one, one, one, two, one. Let's go, three, four. Come on, sir. I know. Oh he's like. Why you didn't avoid that teacher? I see. OK, let's go. What inspires you to? It'sズ. My favorite menu is provides you with a bowl of broth. Shouting away. be rotate the butcher face. I got a big news. Big news, boys. The Maldives guy. Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck. See them, dude. Garb. Classic Seabomb. 2019 OG, first Olivia Wind back in Vegas, haircut, he back went to the same barbra, went to in 2019, Uber, Barbers. I guess it's crazy to me and I was late for my appointment. Got my haircut, I literally showed them the fixed from 2019 in the first year, and I'm like, dish to mullet. We're going classic. Clean, crisp, mustache, been bringing the beer down, and you know, I got a really clean, looking, looks this here, fucking dialed in, shredded crispy so the hair had to match the part, and it was hard for the mulled to go. So I'll probably grow back in the off season, but right now, it's just fucking weird. We can't make my neck and sick by posh, that knows it, but it's gone. No more fuckboy. I'm fucking locking in, get serious plastic, that's the fuck. And it's chest-day. Final chest-day, little tri-step. Probably doesn't go to the gym right now, just came to the barbershop stuff. Yeah, we're chilling, you know, a little tired, got some of those to be, so we're going to get the fork in a new way. Squeeze them, shit out of the chest, and it's a little bit bland, so I might have a really shitty workout that'll totally suck me tomorrow. It's probably a lot of official workout. So fucking do it. We don't think about gunshots. Yeah. Lemon, squeeze,ления! holes there. They got a quarter point in there. Stick. Press. Squeeze that off a call. Me, right. Thank you. Yeah, I was gonna press. This is not what I did in that ice witch bag. I think the police in the really coming. You're not shredded to the ice. You have pulping in this little ice. Only over the right one. I don't know why. We're shredded on the right side. It's making me feel good. It's making me feel good. You're not. Right? Right? Yeah, I think we're too much. Every night, every night's a tough, it's not like it's one given that. But if you had to put on your phone. Because that way tomorrow, your information will be down. And you'll be able to, you'll be drier the longer you see. You want it? Yeah, you want it? Let's do it again. Come on. Come on. Good. It's a little spicy. Good. Come on, Chris. Sweet. Good. You'll try some out on too. Good. Come on. Good. You're going. You're going. Good. Good. Two more times. One more times. Go. One more. One more. That's it. Good job. Good job. Yeah. That's it. That's it. That's it. I'm glad you're here. Thank you. That's it. That's it. That's it. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. First. Yeah. Good. First down. Come on, Chris. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Just to do this. Let's hit it, go. Go. Go. Good job. Bye. Good. I don't think it's a better future watching. Yeah. I'm going to take you to bring it up. I like moving. I like far more trees. I'm going to have a nice. Good luck. Good luck, pack. Good luck, pack. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. 30 questions. Mishaí有點 A one nice Two, four, enthusiastic meaning one two seven two four four day Alright, let's get on some more triceps. Let's get a push-down. See if they have a tricep pressure. It's too thick, press. Let's get a hit. Wow! reasoning brain limp good I think it's been like a strange time-speakable to love. I'm just like an empty hole right now. And that's what is getting it ready for a new start from the car, but because if that's what it's been happening, starting in the midday night, then I'm just going to turn a little bit ahead of the now to kind of get hold of that shift wall. I'm just going to turn a little bit ahead of the now to kind of get hold of that shift wall. I think it's probably not going to be a little bit ahead of the now. I think the other thing is, I was like, I was like about 10 minutes. I was just like going to the motion that my routine got to make it up. I finally picked my song for my routine and then showed it to everyone like that it was good. And then there was another song we were debating we listened to it and I was like, fuck this song is better. This morning, today Tuesday, Tuesday, I changed it. The USB put it back in my thing, edit the other song we're doing, put it on there, and then we're trying to kind of like form a routine to that. So getting it done, just, you know, the physique is going to make the routine. And then the rest is called the wing in a baby. A press, and she put the flat trust, the collar. There's a life thing that's been loaded flat for a while. I did when I was younger, it's good life. Look at that down, it just gets this workout. I don't know why you get your, that's so much. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. Yeah. Yeah. That's it. Yeah. All right, so we just wrapped up the final chest workout. I don't work it in a real gym of 2020 prep wrapped up tomorrow. My deacimbiltion hotel, like I said, but weigh in so we're just kind of checking that. I have a beautiful meal of salmon in the rice right now. Actually, this is fucking delicious. You don't even know how good this tastes in your right now. And this is probably my last like deacim, caloric meal into my way in. We're cutting carbs and fats back a little bit after this because I self-to-make weight tomorrow, but we didn't want me to get too depleted and too flat. So honey pretty much nailed it. I lost so much of weight yesterday and he didn't want me to lose a gem, but he wanted me to stay right there. So I ate more food yesterday and woke up at 0.2 pounds heavier than I was yesterday. It's almost exact same. So that was exactly what we wanted. And now we are going to head over to Whole Foods, get some food that I need for my carb up, because it's our tomorrow night, get some more meat, some good stuff, and enjoy this in the car. And we'll see you guys at the store. We'll see some of you get some of your food. Wait for like this after? Yeah, she's eating. Not at all, but we have already prepared for dinner. What are we doing? What? A spare guess? Natural's on our way to a bit of a cereal, a little steak. He's just can't really have these anymore though. Very particular of my apples. Can he eat these now, but whole show apples, if you had your it, so good. That's what you're doing. That's what you're doing. What you're doing? What you're doing? What you're doing? Yeah, two of Cule's salmon. Yeah, they're absolutely incredible. Thank you so much. Okay, yep, that's good. Do you think this is enough chicken for you? All of this in this? No. I never do it. Do I just get to the bathroom? Yeah, I just get to the bathroom. Right now. All right, buddy. I'll close you today. Bring that on the airplane. That's kind of a piece. I always eat no sauce or I have ketchup packs. Better. Yeah, we can get one just in case. Oh, they're good. Well, it's a neat plank, yes. I have a nice one. Yeah, isn't this? The flat. Yeah, so they'll be good to eat better. Oh, after all. Yeah, perfect. We get four of these. Okay. Can I get the log right here? That's right. Was that it? Yeah. I think that is perfect. Our sharing is not expensive. What do you think? Yeah, I'm asking her more. You don't think that is expensive? You need about three pounds. Yeah. Yeah. Steaked out. There's something to eat. It's not. Look away. I've got the eldest girls, a Whole Foods. The next gyro. Fucking have a big Lorder. We got a bunch of stuff for me, Andy, and everything for Karabab. Fucking Whole Foods healthy, Steve, I'm doing it all too. We know fun shit, really. Just a bunch of salmon, bunch of steak, bunch of clean cuts of everything. All the different types of potatoes, some rice. We got some stuff for after the Olympics, so we can bake some organic, low sugar, healthy, cakes, cookie skillets with no sugar added, dark chocolate, all the bullshit that you get probably hate me for, but I just love to eat. So, we got a bunch of that stuff prepared already, Iraq. I should have had a water, a lot of stuff going on, so we're going to pack this up. Definitely going to get someone to tell the help us, tip and ice, bellboy to bring our stuff up to the room, because I don't have the energy to do that right now. So, we get home, unpack, and chill out. All right, kids, for me, wrap on today, Tuesday, tomorrow's Wednesday, and it's a big day. They got my crack scale here, I don't know if I've explained this, but this is my, my sodium scale. How fucking intense I am with everything? Let's take the cover, actually, I cannot get you. When I have literally been weighing on my salt to absolute middle gram, I'll show you how to make it. So, if I put like mustard on, I weigh the mustard on scale, I'll take the sodium in the mustard, I'll have my protein, I'll have the protein that has sodium in it. I weigh myself on, and everything is like two a tea I've never done this before, but we're going to be consistent with this, so I know how much to pull, how much to add, and just like what we're doing with anything. And I've been having seven to eight liters of water a day, about two gallons. And just being super tracking, I would ask, is tomorrow, is the big day that it all comes out and knowing how my body's going to adjust, base off weight, et cetera, and making under 240 pounds at 8pm at night. So, we're going to be figuring out how to do that tomorrow, base off when my weight is tonight for bed, wait, we're morning, all that good shit. So, right now, I had a few, at three car meals during the day, and now I'm having no car meals for the rest of the night, so three more without. I've been talking to those in my brain. But we got everything we need at whole foods, and the fucking fat list of stuff. I'm packed, here, got in the fridge, ready to rock. I'm going to chill out tonight, I got to shave my back, I had to shave my chops in the minute again, pretty hairy, so, according to the help of that, it's gonna tire me a little more than anything trying to shave my fucking body, I hate doing it. So, I'm going to kale after that, trying to get a good sleep tonight, hopefully wake up, skinning the moral, and yeah, it's pretty much all it's going on. So, I'll see you guys tomorrow, keep it touch, please subscribe, I love you all, and have a good night. Happy good night. Happy good night. It's wrong, it's not happy to be here. It's not happy to be here. Have a jolly, jolly Christmas. No, it's all good night, you know? What is it? And what is it? It's Christmas too, all of you all good night. Yeah! Some boys that. Thank you, guys. I'm on the quadrice.