Champion mentality. I'm not bound to succeed, but I am bound to live up to the light that I have. Abraham Lincoln. Winning is at once what I thought it was. I found it to be much more complex in our traditional definitions of success. A lot of people fall to their knees in tears after a big accomplishment. I partly do the joy and gratitude, but a lot of what you see is a relief and even fear. I don't say this to be cynical, but I've heard it from various people and experienced it myself. It's a crucial moment in a person's journey where you need to ask yourself what winning means to you. Otherwise, you get stuck in a hamster wheel, chasing a potentially non-existent as well. What I found is that winning doesn't happen on showday. It happens when the early mornings, painful workouts, long cardio sessions, and hungry nights. It happens in those moments of fear. We all have one face with a difficult goal, and then more so in what you make of that fear. It happens in every second of every day before you win. If you can take every opportunity you have to bring yourself closer to your goal. When everyone is as opportunities, all while becoming more resilient in the process, how can you lose? That's an exciting opportunity. An exciting responsibility to find out what you're truly capable of. A metal around your neck and a trophy in your hands provides a moment of relief. Maybe a surge of excitement, but one that will quickly and surely fade. Then you're back to square one and face with new decisions. Can I do it again? Will I do it again? Again. Why? The new challenges you face now. You're so focused on winning you didn't plan for what comes next. After all that hell you just put yourself through. Are you ready to do it again? But with more intensities? If you're not improving, you're following behind now. You've shown the world what you're capable of. And they expect nothing less. Another scary, but exciting opportunity. Another opportunity to grow. You may have busted your ass and gotten lucky once. That was then, and this is now. You can work 10 times smarter and harder than you did before, but you're still promised nothing. Entering hell blindly, there's no promise of what's on the other end, is one thing. But getting to paradise and then choosing to turn back around into hell. Well, well knowing what to expect this time was the pipe dream of a better paradise on the other end waiting for you. That's insanity. The history, the habit of calling ambitious people crazy. There's no guarantee of what you'll find on the other side of hell. You may even be crazy enough to learn that it would never help to begin with. Maybe, just maybe. You can open your mind to the possibility that paradise is found and maybe choose to look and act in this world. Paradise, like our goals, will not really be a destination, but an endless horizon we secretly don't want to reach. I'm never ending reason to keep working and growing. With the intention, not to accomplish goals, but to become someone who can accomplish any goal. Winning equally has no finish line. It's about the responsibility to ourselves to take control of what little things you can in this world, regardless of circumstances. The train you're mind to switch your perspectives and focus on being the absolute best you can be in the air as you do have control over. Having a champion mentality isn't about the trophies, medals, or success. It's about having no quit. It's not letting anyone hear you complain, standing up for all you believe in, living in your truth, and setting this standard at which you operate at for everything in your life. It's about willingly choosing to do every single thing within your power to achieve your end result. At the end of it all, you may just find that the trophies and money were never the prize you wanted. But rather the journey of the mentality built along the way with everything you've ever needed.