Wish me luck. Cam? I'm a f***er now. Yeah? Yeah? Can we get away? Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no, I thought he'd probably gonna go f*** it after me. So I'm gonna f*** it after me. I f***ed it. Oh, no. Thank you. Oh. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on, Chris. Come on, you're one in two. Oh, come on. Come on, you're one in two. Come on. What's that? What did you do? What's up guys? It's definitely a good one. I'm gonna get you to rob it. I'm gonna see you in two seconds. He's sitting there. I don't know if you're looking at me. I'm gonna put him in his neck. I'm gonna sit there for a minute. I'm gonna put it in two seconds. Wait, I need to put it in two seconds. What did you do? What's up guys? It's definitely a good one, shit. This has happened twice in these shoes. What's up? Trying to get off the shoe before we go in. She gets pissed. She's pissed. Get out of here. What? You two. Stayed the day of our first ever seminar. Built from within with H.D. A.K. Honey Rambod. This is the last thing I ever want to be doing in my life. It's talking sort of a logical people to have had it. But this is a year of trying new things and taking a new experience. It's a good thing to go to my comfort zone and try not to touch a little pussy bitch. Got that in the skinny bitch in a pussy bitch. But I'm excited. Well nervous. So I'm gonna get up there. Luckily, honey could literally, as his wife said, talk to a brick wall for five hours and just have a conversation with it. So if he needs to just ramble off on there and play his wealth of knowledge, you will. And give my experience my story and share what I have to share. And hopefully people are interested in it. Then we got to cut it in the end. We're doing, giving away. We work out five of it, you would be doing all that good stuff. So the law stuff going on. I don't know if it's going to show the setup out there, but he will. But you got like a little over three and a few people come and I think so. Not bad for a first man. So if they do, and hopefully we don't shit the bed. I think no. You go work for after lunch. You look great. We're doing it. You're doing it. All right, you gave time. Which we like? Can't. I'm going to talk it up or not. Yeah. Can we get away? Oh, no. Oh, no. I thought he probably going to go shit after this. I'm going to go shit out. I just can't. I just think of. I did it. After the Olympia, you did both. I did exactly. Wow, I got my phone on silent. Yeah, I got one. They're the kicking ass gear, just go. Keep that. Let me show you. Let me show you. Let me show you. Let me show you. Let me show you. Let me show you. He is. We're waiting for him. We're waiting for him. We're waiting for him. We're waiting for him. At last, he said. See you. I've eaten. He's pushing. He's pushing. He's pushing. He's pushing. He's pushing. He's pushing. He's pushing. He's pushing. He's waiting. This is what he's doing. He's moving. He's coming. He's going. He's going. He's going. He's going. He's going to. He's going to. And. Chris comes in itself. Folks. I'm excited to say. Welcome. So my man. I'm. Rambas. Whoo. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. I'm just gonna be the best. I'm just gonna be the best. I'm just gonna be the best. I got it. Alright, folks, can I respect you again? I call the most decorated by the mirror in the history. I'm probably gonna link over a brawl in about energy and your current. And still waiting for time, Mr. Olivia in the classic league. Ladies and gentlemen, a bigger exercise on the floor. Chris Bumson. I'm just gonna go to bed and get you up to bed. So, after that I'm gonna be the best. I got it. I'm just gonna go to bed. I got it. I got it. I got it. I got it. I got it. I got it. I got it. I got it. I got it. Yeah. Wait. Wait. Wait. Not ready. Were you ready for it? Yeah. That's it. That's his fault. It wasn't getting out of him or is one. Really? We gotta go through all of this. Alright, so we filmed absolutely nothing after that event because we retired. Try to get the hell out of there and it calvinated of getting absolutely hammered out of club. I hope he puts the picture and he probably won't put the funny picture of him there. So the funny video of me and there too, I was in that fucked up, but we're having a good time celebrating letting loose at a successful event. So quickly to touch on that event actually went really good. I appreciate all you guys who came out. And a huge aspect of what made it really good for me that people were actually really engaged, like writing stuff down with no path nodding, listening, asking great questions. And that built my confidence and enjoyment of doing it and makes us more energetic to give more and more enjoyable and in turn makes it better for everyone. Looks like a cycle of us all making it better event. I really appreciate you guys coming out ready to learn, ready to listen. And it was the first time I've been doing this hub seminar like that. I'm someone who has pretty serious anxiety speaking with people, like when I first talking to my heart was like pounding and so I lose my breath. And I always do that when I have to talk to my friends and people. We do a little thing at the gym the other day and my heart was fucking racing doing that too. We were just talking to friends about 100 people. So it's something that I did not want to do. And when we talked about doing seminar, it's like type thing. I was like, you know what fuck it? It seems to me that pushing me outside my comfort comfort zone. Do something on my freedom and actually going to make me grow and become better at something I'm not good at. So you know, it's a sad truth of life. You got to put yourself in uncomfortable situations to grow. And that's exactly what I'm trying to do now. I'm doing another fucking speech talk, whatever, in like a health summit at the end of the year. This hybrid health summit. I'm going to talk about my health journey and I'm even more nervous about that because people who don't know who I am is talking from a huge cab. I'm not looking forward to it. But again, putting yourself in this position will have you grow hopefully make me better at a skill, public speaking. Something I'm not good at, make me better at that. So I'm going to try and keep doing as much as I can. More podcast more talking and just hopefully become less of an anxious public speaker. Could I just hate being a friend of crowd? Maybe surprise you, not to the bodybuilder, but I fucking hated it even though I was young body. But like, I've gotten used to that. I'm better at it. Now I would like to get better speaking because I don't know if it was my list or something that made me anxious talking from the crowd around the end. But something did I hate it. Trying to get better at it. I made it back home, wrapped up that event, came back from Texas and yeah, we've had 40 years out with here and then we headed to Ohio for the Arnold. So kind of internet really quick. But it's another early morning chess workout here. Calvin just met me here. He trained me for me like six a.m. So now it is time for me to get a juicy chess pump, trying to eat huge and then we're off to the airport for Arnold. So yeah, we get all this going on right now. Just warming up right now trying to wake myself up and hopefully get a happy chance before we leave. It's hard to fuck the train on the road, especially Arnold we can just chaotic. So wish me love. I think we got back from Texas. I've turned it like Tom Platt's squad. This machine like super like narrow stance super deep squat like literally to the point of like sitting in that ass on my calves. She had deep with that kid much lighter weight than normal doing like 15 reps. My legs are so sore right now. Can you even get out of bed this morning? I've never had the bad dums and I don't know how long it had been a minute. So feels good. Well, if it means I like won't be skinny for much longer. But that might be the theme of this offseason like training Tom Platt's style. Fuck that shit hurt. And the big ass drenched though. Maybe there was something to it. The dude did have big legs. So respect. I love this machine. We gotta never have a chest fly press combo. Goat machine. Make sure you use it as much as possible. Because it's a beautiful warm-up beautiful press beautiful fly to get a best of all worlds. Be on a little broken today. We'll stick this in the machines. Do dumbbell later on the work you're throwing on to go heavy. And we go over there. See if anyone deep in the machine at once. I'll close my favorite chest machine. I'll leave definitely my favorite flat chest machine. Because it's actually converging and it keeps away consistent the whole way through. Because the handles come in and force your elbows to the come in. And at the end of the wrap your pecs are contracted as tight as a fly. But it's a press. So it's like another beautiful combo of it. And my favorite machine. The rare to find too. I can't really get heavy real quick. Oh, I thought. Humbles the fuck out of you. Two to three plates feel like five plates when I'm in. Oh man. I've had the worst allergies for the last two months. My face is full and I blow my nose 20 times a day. Like only good in the gym when I'm sweating for some reason. I'm making me real tired. So if anyone has any secret remedies, allergies, they don't include prescriptions or medications of the natural. Please let me know. It's in the end. All right. Moving on to the last exercise. Which is a beautiful technique. My work is having been super long, especially in the morning. I'm just focusing on like bigger range of motion than normal. Like I used 210 on that neutral grip in climb press. And I've come here and press it. Now I'm trying to actually stretch really deep. Like I was talking about doing the squats the other day. Just fucking huge range of motion right now from my body's tight. And I'm trying to use my train to actually move through large range of motion with a load on my body. So it's actually a down for the foot. So I'm trying to kind of train like that and it's actually working so it's fun. So push it in as I can. This is going to be the last exercise. I'm going to do like three sets here. Maybe you're dropping it. And then the whole team we got to get the fuck out of here. Yeah. I'm doing it, I can't remind you that I can't do that. Alright, that's gonna be it. Good chest. I should have a decent little chest pump. For somebody who I trained in the morning, I probably should figure out why. Maybe it's insulin level of blood sugar, some ship, but actually get a really good pump training faster than the morning. So, nothing planning. Corny still kicking over there, waiting for it to finish. So, if she had more time to go, I'm gonna bang it with some attractive extensions. Chest and try is why not if she's ready to go, we're gonna get the fuck out of here. So, I guess I'll go find her. Alright, that's the wrap. On today's chest workout, a little bit of chest hips. Like, four or five sets, just a big amount at the end. But we're gonna head to Ohio here soon. We got a job to my him because it's the only direct flight. Meet up with Maddie Kelvin. We're all driving down there and they're together. So, boys trip this weekend. Together we're gonna be at the aeronels. I said to see you guys there. And it's not. Sorry, not sorry. But that's it. I guess we're watching. And I'll see you guys in the next one. Thank you.