Okay. Okay. 5. 3. 2. 1. 1. 1. 5. Alright. 1. 1. Hard, hard, hard, hard. Come on, more, more, more, more. 2. 1. 1. 1. 1. 1. Now. 1. 1. 1. 1. 1. 1. 1. What is up? You too. Welcome back to the gym. Do some little differ now. We got Mr. Justin King here with us from built-in better. You're good. It's a better than a gallery department. I know you like that. You're the first person that noticed that. What does that say? I don't know. He's a relative of the government thing. Yes, he does. Exactly. But he's been helping Ian with some of his goals in training and becoming a sprinter. And we were chatting and he has a lot of expertise and not just functional training. He worked with a bunch of mainly NFL and the A to all these. So, yeah. NFL NHL, MLB, UFC Olympic sports, big big spread. And you see the work with Charles Paul going to stuff on the board? Yeah, yeah. Prior to him passing our tour for Charles. He's been working for a blast to get to do the NBA before he passed. That's awesome. Yeah, yeah. But he's an expert in all things training and misconception that everyone thinks bodybuilding is very different. The functional training bodybuilders don't like to learn new things. They don't like rehab, injury prevention. They're just like PRs and then machine. So, trying to break that, I've obviously hurt myself in the lot in the past. So, trying to be preventative, fix some things up and we're going to do some testing today. See where my body is at and hopefully make some new changes to my training and see myself stronger, healthier and feel better. Yeah. And then we'll just go like you beat down at me. Like anything with the doctor or anything like that. Like did we're any of those familiar or were all of them pretty much new? I did like it. Same with pretty enough, hey, that's the main thing that was good in the manual. I had the OG Vivo that were made out of plastic bottles. Yeah. And cut your feet up. Yeah. But I didn't realize they got the update as the money just over to the new pair. That's how I was just talking to, I was just talking to one of their reps about getting something with the gym. Oh, yeah. Yeah, they're, I love their stuff. So we'll go over the injuries real quick and then anything else that comes to mind, let me know. So left labor on multiple times, right hammy tear, what head of the hamstring was it? You can go ahead. Did you tell what I was looking at it? Probably member notices. Maybe by such a smart. To the middle of prep, I'm like, who the chronic knee soldier pain towards Terries, you said it was a major and minor. Do you know like percentage? No, no, you got all the sounds. Okay. Left short head of bicep tear, dozen of muscle belly. Do you know percentage? No. No pain since though. No. Left, vassas, line of rallas tear. I'm assuming the same thing for that. Low back pain and the left side. Which, when you write it all out on paper, you see there's a lot of issues on the left side. I've looked into like fascist stuff at all. Vassas, fascist specifically. Are you familiar with like what it is and what it does and all that, to an extent. So like the morph suits that were really popular in like the 2012 or whatever, like you have that under your skin. But the fibers are whatever. Have the tensile strength of steel. But they're also sticky like a spider web. So like if you're doing all these things and repetitive motions for a long period of time, you now have all that starting to stick together and it has the sticky strength of steel. So like I'm assuming that the left side of your body is just like super screwed up right now. Yeah and that's why like all these things are trying to happen to left side, but we'll see when we go into it. Go socks off and then just standing right here. This is your big toe. These are your other toes. Just lift your big toe. That's how bad. Now go big toe down. Other toes up. That's not bad either. You should just in EMD that one. Super neat. If you as far as you can, you can't keep the knee straight. Yeah. Grounded as far as you can. Other way. Yeah. That's not bad. Any pain in the knee when you go in like that or no. That's okay. All right. So you'll be fingers interlaced, extended out in front of you. One foot out of a 45 degree. I think you're just going to hop off. Put your legs to this. Yeah. Straight arms. And pick up point over my head to scare it the whole time. But like this. Straight. Yeah. There you go. And then jump off. Now that. Other side. Immediately right off the bat. The foot pronates. Other time. Are you getting any like pain through here like nothing in the training. Or I guess you haven't trained in a minute, but anyways, other side. Good. Yeah. Go ahead. Now that. We will do this one then. All right. Same thing. fingers interlaced. And then hop off. Okay. That's like. So it's VMO and adductor on the left side. Like straight. Go ahead. And then that is bad. So right off the bat left side. The tons of issues. Right. Left side. The VMO cute and adductor cute. The. And left side. You have more issues on. And especially the adductor has really high tide to your low back. And like your transverse abdominis. And then if it's me is coming in. There's all these issues that are here. They're throwing off your back. Like it's a week or a week. Tite. But usually we can tight our hand in hand. You know, it's week because it's tighter. It's tight because it's a week or whatever. But right off the bat. There's more of an issue on the left side. We'll go right here. It will be grip out to the side. It's feet a little wider than hip width. Bend it the knees first. As low as you can. Controlled. Sit in the bottom and then back up. Oh boy. And don't look in the mirror face this way. No mirror. No mirror. I know. That's my gym has no mirror. Really. It throws stuff. It's reversed. What you see. So it inhibits your nervous system slightly. And anything balanced related to throws. So this I want. Just clean wall. Okay. Bend it the knees for a little bit. And then low as you can. Doesn't matter. You can see the difference between the right and left though. Right arm is a little higher. Anyways go again. Go up. Okay. And then face. Fucking man. Face that wall. Yeah. So I can see from the back. So main thing is going to be the feet pronate. Dorsey flexion isn't terrible. But we'll do an actual Dorsey flexion test next. I was thinking your Dorsey flexion would be worse. So that's that's pretty good. For Dorsey flexion, you need to be able to pass a five inch Dorsey flexion test. So we'll go up again to wall. So you'll go toe. Right at the back of my phone. Knee down. And then you'll reach this knee for the wall while keeping the other knee down. With your knee reach. Oh yeah. Pop man. So put the right there. Yeah. Put the. Yep. And then keep your heel down. And then reach that for the wall. That easy. How much is my heel? That's not bad though. That's not bad. Okay. So you should be able to pass that. Dorsey flexion is a predictor of over. A little further back. A little further back. Just throw your barely barely touching the phone. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Now go. So that's probably been saving. You can see that when you did all of it overhead squat, how this comes in. Usually that's pure formus being tight. So that's we're going into hips now. But your Dorsey flexion is halfway decent. You're pretty close to getting it. You'll probably have that like within four weeks. But again, that's a predictor or 80% of lower body injuries. So if we go into flexion. Dorsey flexion. Five in store C flexion. So if you don't have that, weight higher risk of injury. Is that like let's say someone's five five first six. One does that change or the middle. No. It's all their own lever lengths. Yeah. I mean. So like the idea that like a basketball player shouldn't squat. Squat asked to grass or can't do that. If anything, I would say they need to do it more because of how long their levers are. So their risk of injury is even higher. Yeah, that's a common misconception that it's like, Oh, well, like what if you're really tall like then do you get a pass? Nope. This is where we'll have to figure out what we're going to do with no table. We'll just go to the muscle testing honestly. And then we'll get in all this flat on your back. This way. Either way, don't matter. And then you're going to do our seat flex. Keep both knees straight. And then bring this foot back as far as you can while keeping both knees straight. So this should be at 135 degrees. So like your low back. Like obviously your hamstring to Uber Uber tight. What you call that like 40, five degrees maybe. Let's see the right side. A little bit better on the right side. Not much, but a little bit better. Okay, we're going to do we're going to go through different traps fibers from here. So we'll go trap three first. Each of them are unilateral. So your arm will be here and you're just going to push up with the straight arm in my hand. Like based down. Exactly. Right there straight arm. Lift. And that's more of a ranged thing or a strength thing. Like, oh, no, that's a strength thing. You can lift it. You can lift it. That's like. That's like. You're nothing. You're trapped three. That's like the biggest money making like muscle in your upper body in my opinion from an athletic standpoint. Go again. You're weak. What would you say you're like 1 RM close grip. And it's 335. 335. So your trapped three. You should be able to do that movement with 9.8% of 330 for eight with a 40 or 100. So for them. So you should be able to like, however, grab a 30 and just boom. And pour it down and control it. Yeah, no. So just that alone if I could like give you a pill and you're trapped three stronger. Your shoulders are going to be in a way better place. And since that pulls everything down, I'll start helping with Ted. It's going to help with all of this here. Like, up to everything. That's something you're like. Like my posture stuck with that. Yeah. And it's like hard for me to hold it back. Yeah. And it's more of, it looks like it's more of a trap issue. Your wrong boys were fine when we did the test for it. So it's more of a trap for you. So the trap for him has been ages. Okay. Um, from there. It's just the forest plate stuff. But how, like, how do the ankles and knees? Hips all that feel. Fine. One last time you like jump jump jump jump. Jump jump jump jump jump jump jump. I jump. I jump jump. I jump jump. Yeah, yeah. There you go. Okay. And then I land and couldn't walk for a while. But it wasn't just like controlled Jump. I'll play basketball, try to jump. Okay, and that's one of the goals is to be able to dunk the hot close so you're right now. Like can you grab rim? I'm sure I could. I haven't tried it in a year. Okay. But it gave me a nice 30 minutes to warm up. I think you could do it. Like a grab rim that don't. That's good. That's good. So, we're going to do a little bit of rest. Then your three warm up jumps are going to be on the plates because I want you to get used to jumping on the plates. Usually, it would have foam padding around it. We're living on the edge. We're living on the edge. No, that's one of the reasons we might not do the multi rebound is even with one of our triple jumpers. You'd think you's the best in the world at jumping. Even when we tested him, he's like jumping around on it. So, well, we'll probably just do these ones. And then we'll go from there. So hands on hips. If you're going to do a little bit of 50%, you're going to dip jump 50% land reset on you. Everything feels good with that. Okay, 75%. That's not bad. That's not bad. Tomorrow he's jumping over the car. All right. Now we'll go 100%. Yep. How do you feel with that? A little wobbly on the leg. But nothing. I'm also looking down and make sure I'm letting it go. Yeah, yeah. Okay. So we got a little bit of rest. Just to make sure that you're fresh for the testing. We'll try to be as efficient as possible. Usually it's three tries on each, but I just want the data. We'll get in and get out. And we're good. So I counter movement and on counter movement. We'll see you about most of your rebound. Like we know. And you have like two minutes rest. So you got plenty of time. What does this show wait? No. This fits out 76 metrics for every jump. So literally everything. You see how high you jump? Yeah, in meters. There you go. You'll know that, yeah. I need an inch of how I need an inch of. And I was young and had a 42 inch vertical. Really? That's with sticks. Yeah. We don't do sticks because it's so easy to cheat you. Yeah, we, this guy, Marco Wilson, he had like a crazy compliment. I don't know what the numbers are about. Make them up. Yeah, like, let's say a 42. And then he came in and he did his jump. And it was like 28 inches. But these are very unforgiving sticks. It's a completely different game. Well, you can like reach. You can reach. Like men will like this. Oh, that's his eyes. I can get. And then you get next at three four inches off of it. I'm trying to see if I can find an example. But on the show in you later, I'll show you on your jumps. We'll do that. You got your breath back. You had to be still recovering a bit. I'm gonna tell them my jump in just once. Yeah, just once. If I want you to be fresh. So anything nervous system related, you have to be fresh fresh. I don't want to see like, it'd be like you taking a minute rest after I said and then going for a 1 RM. This is a 1 RM. The load isn't reflective of something that's going to be slow, but it's still 1 RM. So you need to be fully fully recovered. Otherwise it's going to be like we could retest tomorrow. I was like, oh my god, you're again 3 inches like this. Dang, that's crazy. It just me being here. But yeah, so I want to make sure you're fresh. So whenever you're ready, we'll go. But no rush. So it'll be hands on hips. You'll stand still, which just lets this feel what zero motion is. And then when I say, you'll do the jump. And then just make sure you land reset and then we're good. Ready? Okay, dead still. All right, go. Let's see. Point 4-6 meter counter movement depth, point 5-3. How does it even know all this super fancy scale? That's pretty much all it is. Let's see. I want to see the difference between right and left. That's going to be the main one, you'll. And the difference from right to left, almost a 20% difference. So like the amount of force being produced, that's the difference. Favorite in which look. The right slightly, but then on the landing breaking, you land it on the lack. And I'll print this out and make it more digestible. And you'll just distribute to like a squatting power and every 100% 100%. All it is is the lower body force production. Yeah, I mean, there is a difference in the speed of the contraction. So there's guys who are really fast for their strength and their schedule really strong for their speed. So like if you did this jump, but you're really, really weak, you'll turn this right away or vice versa, which for you you're likely much stronger for your squat than you are here. So all of that's taken into consideration. But nonetheless, yes, they are correlated really, really heavily. Do you watch Ian's video on his assessors? Okay, so are you right there for it? So we'll set you up to where you're in the position that's like the second pole. Like for him doing Olympic lifts, there's a second pole position. And that has a really high correlation to just in general maximum lower body force production. So I want to see what's the maximum amount of force that you can produce. I symmetrically, so you'll be pulling a bar into an immovable object. And you're just pulling this hardy to can for four seconds. And that'll not only tell me how long does it take for you to get to peak force. So that's one thing. It'll tell me how long you can hold peak force. I'll tell me the difference between right and left. And then in general, it'll tell me what your peak force is. So it's up to you and it depends on how good you feel to. I don't need it, but if you're like, we kind of close to you, like we can do it. I'm a little triad. All right, here we go. So you'll go up to it and then pause in the pins, pulling with like 50% already. Or 3, 2, 1 relax. Okay, now go at like 75%. There you go, 4, 3, 2, 1 relax. Okay, set that down. Let's go about two minutes rest. I'll bring the force plates in there. We'll probably adjust the height for more time. And then you have straps. Let me just move over there. Okay, perfect. Go down my level of use. I'll have you do one rep for four seconds. And once you're incrementally go up to 100% by the end of it, then you'll rest for three minutes. Then we'll go. And then that's your last test. Okay, ready? Go. 4, 3, 2, 1 relax. How's everything feel? Good. You get any like hot and cheap feelings in your armpit or not. Okay, good. Usually with infraspinitis or subscaps, sometimes that pull down from the load. You can get that feeling. Have you gotten that on deadless before and everything? That's good. Okay, 3, 2. Pretty like cautious of those things. And I'm like, put less force into it. Keep my shoulders down here instead of. Yeah. All right, so right below it. It's very nice. Dead still. And then when I say go go. To do that. Or that's fine. Ready to go. Hard, hard, hard, hard pull. Come on more, more, more, more, more. Two, one. Good. You are at 2600 newtons of course. Uh, net. Pretty scary. I got to do tear something. Yeah. I was like, you're going to go on my- I'm not going to. I'm not going to. Well, as you can see the whole time you're like climbing climbing climbing climbing climbing. Yeah. Be a peak. Uh, 2650. Right to left it doesn't look like there's a ton of a discrepancy here, which is good. Um, they have 2600 newtons for you way how much? 250. I like to see thousands. So a thousand newtons. You're producing about two and some change, like times your body weight in terms of the lower body force production. But easily that like we want above three like up to four even more than that. But there's a governor subconsciously and even consciously for you to read like your pulling. You're pulling it's like, you're like, oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no more. Which I want you to get to the point where you can pull in it's like your completely confident. Like you're not going to be dunking like crazy and running like crazy and doing all these things if you have a limiting like thing like the few consciously and subconsciously. Yeah. But yeah, that'll go up really quick. There's one thing I heard of like Kobe Bryant when he tore the killies. I like when let him go back in until he like would jump off his box. Yeah, because he was like scared to do it. But if you're scared to do it, right? Yeah, what are you talking about there? Yeah, no, yeah, no, of course. I mean as we get going, I'm sure we'll have a lot. Oh, there'll be plenty of questions. There's nothing. What do you think like he's fucked there? No, no. No, I mean there's there's things that it's like, okay, definitely we need to go about this in a smart way. There's not a ton of room for like, oh yeah, like go run a mile five days a week. And we'll be good six months for now. I'd be like, I'd want to tweak it slightly. Like it's not going to kill you, but there's a list of things that it's like it would be good to Change. You know what I mean? Yeah. But no. You're in a much better position than why I thought you were going to be in. Honestly, yeah. Oh, so that's good. Yeah. Well, no, that's good. But to this stuff, if nobody build it really do this, you think this is even beneficial for someone who just wants to be fucking jacked and shredded on the floor. I mean, if someone could compete in body building without using their body, sure. But like this is a sport that uses your body. Like, yeah, we're talking about how you look, but just like any other sport, like if you're if you're injured, you're not going to compete or if your force production is low, then you're not going to be able to recruit enough fibers that are going to be able to be high-perch her feet. Like, the whole thing is, it's about manipulating your body and trying to optimize it. I don't think that the application would be the exact same. Like, what I do in overcoming ISO pole is like, as if someone was like, oh, no, I don't care about, like, you wanted to just see what it looked like. What would I do with the bodybuilder? No, but we do muscle testing and see like, gay, like, your hamstring is a really high risk of injury. Like, we need to do X, Y and Z to fix it so that you're not like eight weeks out or 12 weeks out from like an LMPN. Then, tear a lot or am able to buy it. And like, accident, like they happen, like, for what's happened. But there are things you can do to mitigate it. And then, aside from like, the structural balance stuff and the strength of the strength of the strength of the strength. And see, like, there's so many methods that can be applied in bodybuilding. Like, it's right now. It is straight. Like, the big thing right now is working up to a top set. You do an intensifier and then maybe a back-offset. Like, everyone in their mom is doing that right now. Which is cool, but it's viewing the world through a straw that like, there's a way to do it. But there's millions of different methods you can do. And if you know how to plug them and how to play with them, who shouldn't do them in in what cases? Like, the progress is crazy that you can make. But you have to know this. I was just talking about this the other day. Like, bodybuilders are hilarious because they're like, Oh, I hurt my shoulder. So instead of doing shoulder press them, you can do machine, shoulder press. Yeah. And then you're just limiting yourself a more injury than that. You know, the inner curve you can't move. And you're just like, like, the other way. Yeah, then what are you going to do? You're sure. Your shoulders aren't going to grow at that point. Yeah. Yeah. That's not that important. And you're going to have a car. 5, 2, 1. 1, 2. 4-4-4. 1, 2, 1. 5, 2, 1. 1, 2, 1. 1, 2, 1. 1, 2. 5, 2, 1. 5. Go. All right, so they too have just just set me a straight to know what our market today because who doesn't want big arms so obviously different style training to me. He talks about everything the tool. It's time to apply it. It's not too so it's interesting. It's a lot new ones. Pretty cool doing this little tricep and different strength for the tricep and everything. Different tempo and feels good. I'm so pumped to share it. Well fucked kk Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. This is more of a... There you go. Come on. THE HYPER Grocer punishing his evil name. Yep. Oh, yeah. Yeah. This... Yeah. Oh! Yeah. Yep. OK. Got it. Yeah. God's... Oh. Excited. Set, run. Yes. There goes my forearms. You took that out of the town.