I'm going to turn it on. The water is up. You two, we're just under two weeks out and time for another full day of evening. I really haven't changed much but you guys still like it. So I figured I would do it. My weight is under 250 right now so we're going to get spot. I have to make 242 way in the winter in the morning now so I've very comfortable. I'm going to make weight. It's been a good. So I actually had a few high carb days recently. Nothing crazy or a render out 300 grams of carbs just to like now allow my body to drop too fast and kind of consume this up which is something I've never done in the past. So it's allowed me to be a little fuller. I've been at work at 3 now and hopefully I just have a more like full dance look on stage. But regardless, I just finished 45 minutes of cardio. I'm still going to do 45 minutes of cardio. The morning and then I do like a 20 or 30 minute leg walk at night. I'm going to need for a digestion and for me a lot of night, right after I'm even shower and I have to do so I'll get up to 10 to 5 am and make some of the drum laying in up. I'm hungry. So breakfast is still making the pancakes. I have some random tricks I do in the last YouTube video. I did some a told me to put the plate in the microwave. I'll pour it in the pancakes on it because it's hot and hot pancakes on it are the same temperature and it doesn't create condensation and make it like wet. And it also keeps the pancakes actually warm. So I put this in the microwave for like 30 seconds and when it gets closer I put it in for another 30 seconds. And I put it on a hot plate. But the next breakfast pancakes is down to one single whole egg. So fats are getting pretty low now today. I don't know how to do it. I don't think it's going to sound a change for any of them. But I do one whole egg and that is you 250 grams of egg whites. Which is great because you'll follow you in little 10 calories. Next we have oats 70 and I don't remember where I have that last time but my breakfast has changed a lot since it's a medic breaking my class. But at the 70 grams of oats and in here I add this fiber corny add some fiber and it's kind of helped by the digestion. And I think it adds a little bit to the fluffiness. So I think it's also thrown as cruba GI from Revive. This stuff actually works very well. I was actually shocked that my stomach wasn't. Not doing bad with my dishes. I put two scoops of this into my diet a day. And I like what to do about it the next day. I'm going to put some weight better. So I'll super pump with that. And then pumpkin. This is a very secret pancakes. I'm running kind of low here. But I do like 50 grams of pumpkin. And the just allows them to stay like moist and softer to dry. And I'm going to add this to the bottom of this. Thank you. I'm going to do it. And it's like purely fiber. There's like no calorie. It's just so nice little active. And the protein. The go protein for the maple waffle it. The protein is like probably on my favorite flavor. So it's been so good for pancakes. Because it gives a little bit of flavor like gifts and maple in there. And then I'll get maple syrup. So I do scoop some scoops of quarter of that. Finally, the secret to a tasting really fucking good is that you can shit time of cinnamon. I use to put it in the pancakes. And now I'd literally just hit it like a lot. And there you have it. And then you have to be in some new pancakes. And I throw a salt into the down to the point now. We're on the one side of the track. And I'm going to show you my meaning of the day. I literally have this fucking track scale off Amazon. And I have to wait my salt. And so I'm like a drug dealer. I just put it in the push-up. Chris, the longest drink. Oh, you can't even tell that. All right, yeah, that's it. And then I had three seconds worth of water. One. Three seconds. Three. I'm going to water. Oh, the most. Easy other time. I don't know. No, no, no. No, no, no, no, no, no. No, no, no, no. Oh, shit. But yeah, that's my breakfast. So I'm going to blend the shit out of this. The pans are already on because they need to be hot when you put the pancakes on. Otherwise they get like too dry. I wanted like hot. Put them really quick and offer this book. And yeah, so I'm going to cook these up. Three of those final product. And I'll give you guys a calorie check. All right, we're on low battery. So we're going to do this quick. This is a final product. It looks like absolute shit. But to be fair, all the crispy bits that kind of get stuck on the pan. I scraped them off at the end. I'm putting them in the top and they taste amazing. And it tastes really good. So I don't really care. But total calories for breakfast is 653 calories. It's still pretty hefty breakfast for prep. That big is meal a day by far. About 65 grams of protein. So a beautiful way to break your fast and a lot of volume. I actually got a lot of cake set at this. You can see pretty hefty amount of there. It's a little bit thinner than I normally did. I put a little bit more water to that last May 3 second count. But maybe it'll pass to my benefit and I'll feel like I've eaten more. But yeah, let's breakfast. So thank you guys for sharing food. I'm going to eat. Watch some jujurutu kaizen. Let's see if we're meal two. All right. So meal, new marauders. I typically take this with breakfast by dinner today. To take one of these every day to some digestive enzymes and some stuff to help. I just carbs. It's in some activity and whatnot. It's kind of mild to only take one a day. You might even want to charge right now. So that's also taking care of the skin. And this got help from her body as well. I've been obsessing over the digestion this year. And it's been helping because it helps me so much getting through. I haven't like horrible gas. Helps corny sleep on May 2 and not shitty my pants and gas changing the entire room. So a lot better this year. My stomach feels a lot better. It's tough. It's lighter. Maybe a lot of smaller waste. You don't know. But the zinchearts and also helps me with acid reflux. But it helps your gut lining. And I get really bad acid reflux when I get really low calorie. So check it out. But onto meal number two. This is 180 grams of white rice. I'm going to put in 20 grams of fresh ethylene, a cod and some asparagus. I up my protein from all my meals from 200 fish typically in 180 grams of chicken. Wait, not protein. Now up to the beach 20 grams. Just because honey was like, you know, your weight's coming down. Let's put in a little more calories. So make a more protein. You can add a little more protein because it's not that high. So this is like the high food protein that's ever been. And honestly, kind of nice. So hopefully it pays off in the end. And it helps me say a little bit longer. But that's when I put your gut meal. And then put this down. And if you have the calories, it's 425 calories, about 43 grams of protein. So simple, like easy pre-workout. And you have some hamstrings after this. And see you guys for meal number. Shake. What? That was going to say meal number three, but protein check. 10 minutes. All right. Welcome back to the world's most boring full day of eating. Ever. I had a shake after the workout when I was driving home quick, just two scoop of protein and another scoop of fiber. I used to always make a creamy beginning of pre-prep and in previous pre-prep, so it's a blend in my neutral bullet. Like as much ice and water in protein like in it would like fluff up and drink in it. It's super bloated, make me full. I kind of curled my appetite a little bit. But it was kind of fucking my digestion being that like bloated. And I didn't like the concept this year. My waist feeling like full. I'm really trying to like vacuum a lot. I'm in my abs and shrink my waist this year. It's been one of my huge goals. So I haven't been doing that. I just had either make a piece where I put a little bit of water and I mix up the protein or today I just mix it with like eight ounces and strength like a normal human being. So the head that then we came home and I threw together a nice little chicken race and it'sparagus. Probably the most staple prep meal that you could imagine. It's 200 grams of chicken breast. Again, you'd be 180 up to 200. A random amount of asparagus and every too much and then 150 grams of weight. And some pink himaline salt. Let's throw it a little bit of honey mustard on this one. This would go honey mustard from Whole Foods. It's also the lowest calorie from five calories. So I eat a little bit without it. I love it on the end. So I'm only going to like ten, ten calories. So I'm going to have a honey mustard. And yeah, that's about it. Neal number four. And then the beautiful thing about training at one o'clock is I train for like three hours of a shake. I eat this at like four, 30 and then for the rest of the day, I get to eat every like two hours, hour and a half and then the days over. So it's just a easy way for me to like manage my meals and not feel 200 through a day. So I need this and enjoy it. And see you guys for a meal in a more. Thank you. All right, so we are on to the very exciting meal number four. Fish and rice. This time I stir-fry it up with a little bit of coconut amino. The best season ever. And then I put a little bit of lemon on it. Lemon on fish and prep is beautiful. It's the season here and it's the seed soup. And then I sell the shit of it and I also added some zucchini in there. The zucchini is probably like the easiest digestible of those calories. Vegetable. Lots of seeds in there, but it also tastes great. So dump in this in here and enjoying some fish and rice. So I'll try and eat the seeds in here. I think you're eating corn. We're talking about like how crazy you go in prep and the little things that like, I just so like we're done in and make you want just like anything. Like I, we mean corn you love to snack. She's a big a chip. She brings it. She'll have like it in the last or like a month or a day depending on the summer. And then you snack and I just looked at her and I was like, What I would do right now just to have like three chips. You know, just like a little bit of a snack. Something a little bit extra and a little bit of fat in my diet. Anything shit a chicken sausage for breakfast and I was like that looks like the best things ever see in my life. Just like little bit of grease soaking out of it and it looked absolutely amazing. The only fat I have in a day right now is sometimes I get salmon. During lucky I get it tonight and then one bowl of it in the morning so I just like craved that. And I just want to snack because I'm sick of eating rice surprise was a fork. I want some of my hands like a sandwich. Oh yeah, this life, you know, it is what it is. So only a couple more days of this not even weeks left. So it's getting down to it. I'm going to enjoy this meal. This is a low calorie one. This one's only 386 calories. 45 pounds of protein sets. I don't know how accurate this is but you guys like to know my croes. I don't know how to go to the market. Typically don't go by this. I just know what I eat every day. The same foods every day and I reduce by such. So yeah, I'm going to eat it for me number five. Eat it more boring than this. Yeah, ready. Alright, I'm going to the board. Alright, one of the boring meal gets more and more boring as a day goes on. I got 200 grams of chicken breast and it's berries. So, very delicious. This is approximately 240 calories for a meal. So I'm going to get a little bit sad. But I got my sparges. I'm freshly cooked chicken to grill a bit more. Except fish in this meal. But fish on its own is just not as good. So I'm pushing my rice down and I'm chicken vegetables. Yeah, I don't really know the fuck else I can say about you. I've experienced and chicken other than having a shit in it. So, you know what I eat this? Kill a little bit more time. You know this is my meal and we'll wrap it up for the final meal of the day in a bit. Alright, so here we are. But nine 45 PM about the last meal. And as I said, the less and less six sevens of day goes on. But this one's actually really good today. Like I said, I've been like creating fats. Your salmon is just so good when you start with salmon. Cove and salt. Looks like fresh jasmine rice. Nothing on it. Absolutely one of my favorite meals. But this is the last meal of the day. It's just 200 grams of salmon. How veggies and shit with it? But how veggies all day? So, I don't have my night. Let's just eat this and then I go right back afterwards. So, we're going to wrap it up here. And the total calorie count. I don't know how I hear this shit ever is, but because I always want to know, 2,689 calories. So, still right around 2700 calories. 200 grams of carbs, 1809. 42 grams of fat and 351 grams of protein. My protein is a little bit higher from the last time I did this. Carbs are a little bit lower. Let's just kind of something that we swapped up here at the end. And this is the first prep where I have ever eaten over 2500. Probably over 2,000 calories at the end of prep. So, for whatever reason, decent offseason just good sleep, good rest. Less stressed to the disturbably getting of this prep that I liked locked in everything at the end. My body just came back to life. My thyroid's working. My metabolism is working. I don't really know. But I'm just counting my lucky star. I think I'm grateful that I meant to eat more than I really have eaten. The past you see. It's almost like a rate of passage in my suffering at the end of some prep. We're eating like 1500 calories into the cardio. Here I am doing like 45 minutes. It needs 27 grams of super-grateful fat just to join that. But we are getting close and I still have to make a little bit of weight that I got to cut off. So we're going to serve suffering probably a little bit more. But only for like 5 or 6 days, I'm not so too bad. And the carb level will begin. So that's going to be it for today's full day of eating. Thank you for watching. I'm going to enjoy my salmon. I'm going to go to bed. And I will see you guys for a exciting video on Friday. I'm going to be training with a little towel mine. So see you guys there.