Come on, come on Chris. Come on, you're still 14. Come on, you're still 14. What is up YouTube? Welcome to a full day of eating that I said. I was going to do weeks ago and I never did biopology, since here apologies, but here we are. But this is probably the last week of my offseason, I'm coming down this weekend and we're going to go over the digital beginning of prep. So I'm honestly not even eating it, my peak food right now. I've weighed myself last night late at night. I have 269 pounds and that's just two heavy from me. I'm not 264 in the morning is 265, I can't remember exactly. But I'm not trying to be heavier than that. So I haven't been eating like peak-bull. I'm like 75-80% of what it was, but that's what I'm having right now. So I'll be showing you what I'm eating today. Breakfast has been super simple. You guys have probably been following one of my shit, but I get to the amount of things that heat eating breakfast, my heat eating eggs. So I'm making shit. So I've been making it simple, but I'll show you guys what I typically. Gotta cream it. Do we try it though? I ordered one. This was like three months ago. I know they take for a break. That's like frozen. It's not even ice cream anymore now. No, you blend it after. You like freeze it and then it whips it. Into ice cream after. Once you freeze it. It's really like part of the get when like the PS5's. Literally. Freeze is also broken. So it's always freezing everything. This is a little bit of a little bit. Why? I should just put this in that. It's not frozen. So do you like, couple blueberries and half of the banana. Fortunately, another way to make shit around. I'm eating the same thing. Every day for so long that I didn't wait all that. Next up, 32 scoops of protein. I do want peanut butter, one vanilla. I don't know why. I just started doing this. You know, it made a good taste. And the raw one sweet and was stevia. So some mornings I was put you up with. Super low sweet one, you know. I've got a shock to body. So get these sweet and sour. I forgot to put water in there. It happens when I'm going to get in the fuck up the order of things. Stevia and super low. Is that promote muscle confusion? Yeah. But you have to like shock to body. Go back and forth. Can we just go for this seven fiber? I don't know what it is, but it's like it's really fine. Green fiber. Like corn in order. And you can have like a much of you wanted this. And it does not look you blow it or we're dead just. And also I just like a scoop on half of that. Which equates to big math. 10.5 grams of fiber. You know alongside this. I have a geeky altoast. I normally don't go low sodium to the taste way more bland, but they were sold out of the regular can. But it's like a sprouted wheat bread. Just taste delicious. Got some more fiber in it. And whole green goodness, you know. Whatever that fuck that means. Whole green not multi-granted or you don't need a different statement. I also just love the taste of like, you know, weak to those toast, badness. I'm ready to do my other almond butter, but there's one of their almond butter. So, barneys are some shit, but the almonds are blanched. And it's fire. So, they take the shell out of the, that's not really fucking bougie that you've said. But they deshell the almonds and then they burn almond butter. Pretty delicious. You know, yeah, I hit it when like almond butter is make it like a chocolate. He's on a flavor. And then you think it tastes like, it's going to take like Nutella. And then it just tastes like almond butter. Yeah. I'm going to taste great. You know, you need to add a little bit of sugar. Take one green and almond butter is the best. I need to tell my sea like a Nutella thing. Like a meat menu of a restaurant. I usually always get it. Like the Nutella does dessert or something. Fuck. Don't put that in there seriously. What are you doing? I'm just shit whole. I got a cookie. Say hi to YouTube. No, I do, but no. All right. You'd be a breakfast quick because we got Mr. Marlin. Dr. Marlin in the house. You could have picked my body up and then breaking as always. Trying to do it with almond butter with my salted poppy. But this breakfast came to 827 calories. 80 grams of protein, 20 grams of fat. 87 grams of carbs. So that's breakfast quick and easy. Easy to get down. I'm not eating lunch from like two hours. So do that the office. Let's see. Chill. All right. This is me in the mirror. Dose. I got some potato. I got some bison. A three-inch of potato. And some 220 grams of bison. I believe we'll eat that dish out. And my little usually meal two and three honestly. We have been negative meals. But we finally have a kitchen to remove into another place. We have not a good one. But I always keep all the deck. There's only two left now. But I always keep eating the fridge right here. This is like the last busy fridge freezer. So if I'm going to forget a meal, I have that in there. And then when I get to do a room meal, I have my home. And everywhere I go, I have a meal somewhere. So if I'm hungry, throw the microwave and get to go. But courty made a bunch of food yesterday. So I'm eating that before I go back to warm the set. So we eat it and then I'll count the macros that you get to know what it is. So the bonge will have. You're supposed to do the thing where you like stop it right before it. One goes to zero. I do the exact opposite. This is not really it. I have to put this back in. That's what she said. I don't know how to say he said. I'm not a real man. I have a potato choice. I've been to the baby potatoes. I get the yellow and the red big mix. And then just shop them in half and throw them in the oven for like 45 minutes or an hour or something. And they are so easy to eat a lot of calories. And they actually take really good. They call it a couple of them in avocado oil and cook away. So that is at work. Not working. 46 plus 78 plus 93 plus 40 plus 117. I'm making those numbers up. But at that moment. This meal is 718 calories. Was approximately 40. 6. 48 grams of protein. Actually that's the life. This protein is the potatoes. 54 grams of protein. And this is me and my kids sometimes they're lather in ketchup. Sometimes they don't. Today we will not be able to. Well I could mix it up. I'm trying to mix it by protein. Thorous is a lot more. We will try not to eat chicken every meal every day. So I've been having like protein different types of protein. I have an egg for a while but I cut those out. Eating a lot more fish for a while. I have a big tuna every now and then. And then having like one chicken meal maybe. But I want a few weeks without eating any chicken. Just like give me self a detox because I eat so much of it. That's such a mass produced meat. I don't know if it's a good to go all the time. So I've been in a nice and I found meats that are less popular like a bison and I'll give me meats like that. I've less likely to be like mass produced and like fed a bunch of fucking hormones and pesticides and all that bullshit. So I've been eating more of that. Hopefully make me healthier but who really knows until your old and your diet. I have to go on fatty. What? I think I don't fatty. Then Benny. Then it's him. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know how to get to my new house and have a deep freezer. I just have like farm foods and my freezer right now. I don't know if she's for that sadly. But that's always going on. So I'm gonna eat this and then eat meal number three after this. Because that's the order of numbers. I don't see you guys. This is my life. I see you. I got nothing to say. All right. So we are on to meal number two. My exciting life of full day of eating. Why? So I don't know why anyone watching these things. I got some chicken in rice. Promise that actually meals are an important thing. I've got my off season and I eat chicken chips. So we'll see we can make something nice tonight. But this meal consists of 250 grams of white rice. 220 grams of chicken and 15 grams of olive oil. Come visit the 690 calories. Total protein, I'll add a count of no here but it's 50 grams of protein from the chicken. So minimum. I'm trying to hit 40 to 50 grams of protein in every meal. And I think that's like a pretty decent staple from with anyone. Cornier tell the half like 40 grams of protein because she only eats like three times a day. So if she has three meals a day like that and then like a shake maybe she's at least close to even. A pound per body weight but when I eat like five meals a day shake or something you can adjust depending on the person. But I do think that each meal. If you're like training, how should I have a minimum of 30 grams of protein because then you're actually enabling your body's person to assist her recover and grow. You don't want to have like 10 meals of 5 grams of protein throughout the day. It just doesn't work as efficiently. And as always I'm trying to eat clean food because digestion is the number one thing that helps a bodybuilder of long term. That they don't like to agree does. And I'm going to like knock a lie and say, I eat my veggies right now. I'm off season. I'm in slack in a really hard. I have a daily green chick usually at night in the morning like five times a week not even every day. And I'm in slack in other veggies. But that's just because I've been busy moving around a lot and when I get in the prep I eat a lot of veggies. So I'm like, I'll be also by 30 months that I'm going to take a five or a sub-limb. Make sure my digestion is still good and I know that other shit that I need. So down, given take where I go right now, we care about macros and clean full foods. So doing this as best I can. And honestly my appetite is really good recently. Getting good sleep, good breath recovery, eating healthy foods. So my appetite is good digestion is good. And I have to actually grow and really good energy. And good. All that shit plays up together. So been in decent low offices so far. So that the back is mentally. And it's happy with it. Put it all the way. But it's coming to an end soon. So I'm going to eat this meal. Calvin's going to go work out. I'm going to take his camera and blog. The next meal I think. Which camera? What? What? What's camera? I'm going to blog like that. I'm going to blog like that. A lot about camera. Calvin's going to bougie. So we're going to make some fucking sick shit for a lot of people out this year. Calvin stopped me here. Later that night. Just throwing a dog in the same seat as usual. So he's beating me. Luckily, so that was like 10 p.m. But I'm not 230 grams of sick. It's delicious. I'm going to have a counter-grafting. And it's quite right. So you can be locked in the middle there. It's actually just up. I'm sure I know what to do later. But we've got to get it when again. Don't feed me to feed me here. So fuck it all. Alright, so we just wrapped up this shoot here. This is going to be a sick video to fucking lay this fuck right now. It's literally 10 and 40. And I'm going home to go to sleep. So it's a rest day today. So I have less. I don't have a shake throughout the day. That's extra that I would have done. But total calories in an upcoming to 3700 calories. And that's with 300 grams of protein, 370 grams of carbs, and 115 grams of fat. So like I said, not super high calories anymore. But I feel good eating this amount of food. So it gets stronger. And the off season is going to be over in a day or two. So I'll live in the dream. People have a car that we were a chaos going on. So we're going to wrap this video up. And see you guys next time. Peace.