Everything I wanted to take in both hacks was taking in both of the chains up His backspotted me Real backspotted me? Yeah It's too broken for that Just do it Why? He don't least please I have no sleep I don't fit me to give skinny legs Come on! Come on Chris! Come on you won't steal Oh, come on you won't be able to go for this one Whoops there Music What is up? YouTube Welcome to the first lady in the wild Did not want to film today Did not want to train to film It's a couple of years ago I think the analogy is random with kumi Some life in the middle of the night Well I think one of them But I'm not going to be a little bit today Because the gold nut is going to be a bit straight now So it's like right now We have a few new athletes out with the ball With the football Adam gave Nathan gave Joel Gabby We've got four people down here right now This training around the gym is doing chess today though And legs are just a little bit extra for me lately We've got just mid-double So, give me doing that So you can choose a couple of leg-dates I do like like one to half-time to weeks Then not on a seven-day slow right now But I've been combining hamstrings, calves and calves all together Just to get them getting back into it My legs didn't really shrink But I only need to come up too much right now My asses and begins, I'll probably split it up But I'll go over my split with my true asses And really get some of them I'm just kind of learning how to train really hard again right now So, I'm going to keep pushing myself Probably focus on mismission squats today There'll be a good go And go from there And it's warming up right now Turn out to hurt myself Oh And so I wanted to start This was what you'd do But everything I wanted to take in both hacks was taking in both of the chains up She's backspotted me What? She's backspotted me Real backsplots? Yeah It's too broken for that What? What? Just doing Why? Hit him, knees please I have knees please I don't fit me to give skinny legs But yeah, so anyways Starting with this And I'm really honny, want me to really focus on rebuilding Like good muscles And actually I'm not taking too much time off training Before I start getting the heavyweight So I'm trying to single leg and I'm holding for like a one-two second pause at the top of each rep So I can't anymore than I'm ripping out like three or four Really build And then my muscles can actually make my quads A During life Can be just for this workout just get my squat fight And then you need to do quad focus Miss squat after a long machine ready So hopefully my squat is nice and primed by that And I'll be tired again I'll hold you All right, so main first exercise moving on to Smith squats I'm trying to do these a little bit Close stance I might feet almost behind me under the bar and seven front of me And it's really driving your knees forward Because it's your body to stay up right? Or doesn't folding over like a powerless yourself squat It's just put a lot more emphasis on your We've been on your knees If you have bad knees don't do this but more so on your quads I'm just really trying to get some juicy quads right now Let's try out the Tom Platt style of Squatting is super upright close stance and make sure to keep it body up right So it's getting it much and much and the reflection of the possible The greater the angle The reduce between your calf and your hands ring The more quad-flection you're getting the more straight motion the juicy your quads get Simple brozans This one The acid Alright, typically they have to do walking on just forcing the leg like press only just to keep my head up. Tricky my hips even today. I thought I'd do something where I was sitting down. So we're doing this, trying to focus, it's just not really contracting each leg one at a time. Getting good range of motion. Can't get quite as much knee flexion from the leg press that you can't have squat. So it's a little bit more glute, but I'll part of the leg. So this next has got to hack squats after this, some machines, some calves and go home. I'll go forward. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. Well, how about getting your work up with out bands? My knees aren't taking me for this one. Can't see three. Very light head up. See the more? You know a lot harder at the end of your work. That's going to be it for me, I'll press it. Hands, we'll close the calves and anything to go back. And then, we'll close the calves. And then, we'll close the calves. And then, we'll close the calves. And then, we'll close the calves. And then, we'll close the calves. And then, we'll close the calves. And then, we'll close the calves. And then, we'll close the calves. And then, we'll close the calves. More blood, my legs are just in the long time. It feels good. Not a few bum. I guess half not a few bum. So, got it. Alright, I think we'll say, brain dead. Fuck it now. There. Alright, it's going to be a wrap on. It's really awkwardly quiet here, you know. So, I'm going to whisper. Get the fuck out of here. But, pretty good like this. Like I said, doing these like 1 1 1 1 1 a 10 to week. But, I'm probably the next mother, I'm going to just put my legs up. Into quasi hamstrings. Not a show to hold it to you, I know. But, finally, I also finalizing my app. So, I'm training on my app. You go for this.com. We're upgrading everything out of nutrition. A lot of cool shit. So, I'm going to keep letting you guys know what's next. They're tired when they roll out. But, it's looking prettier, more efficient. I'm going to talk more features in it. So, I'm going to say it for it. Put it in that. I'm going to get some food and you can't feel my head. Catching with some pumps. To be a little bit of a day to be alive. I'm going to have a first official photo shoot tomorrow for my manager. I'm going to have Calvin get some beer roll. I guess they'll probably get me a car free down here. Take some cool shots from the Olympia. Amazing photographer. Calvin will be doing a cool video. I've got the 18. Renting it all. Bronco too. I'll show you get it out tomorrow. Super excited. So, see you guys tomorrow. Alright, what's going on guys? Yeah, after like that. First photo shoot for my manager is going down. This is a beautiful machine area that we rented from the velocity restorations, the dope restoration company they focused on broncos, the gouts and some truck etc. They let me borrow it and I'm thinking of getting with myself so they write, you know, you prefer shoes to let me use it for this. So it's a pretty little drive like a brand new car with awesome and a little beautiful, really a little crop and shoot. Now first I'm going to shoot a little drop in a few weeks so take two, give me an Amazon first, five-inch off, the other stores and then they'll be everywhere, so get ready for it. Alright, let's put me a wrap on this video, got the shoot done and completed. A powerly crush the shoot, how can we make it the real set of it? It's super excited about it. A lot of it also organized this shift because that's on my expertise, but it looks really good. The model's fresh shit, energy, the drink was good. The car was probably the starting show of the good old bronco. It can't be just the bronco, so it's super excited about how it's going to turn out. We have the Bc in the picture, the Bummer, the Gdac, the alls, the two for the drop, the M is on. Fire me a shot to the side and I will let you guys know where else to buy it. So, let's just watch it and see you next time.