What is up YouTube? I'm hooked on my morning routine, a mask bin, and coffee, and you'll actually like something I showed you, so do not again. I'll be warming up water for Courtney, so I'm not moving here. But I've been in this awkward phase of like sleep trying to actually sleep a lot, because I've been traveling so much and then I can't sleep. On the west coast, I can wake up early early, go to bed early and I feel great. I'm going to come back to the East Coast, which has been every other week pretty much. I can't sleep. I can't sleep early. I can't wake up early here. I can't even talk in the morning. I haven't. So it's been a rest of me trying to wake up early in the morning, but Courtney, the doctor's appointment, the afternoon is morning, so taking the day off, one of the gym at like 9 a.m. and then we're going to go to appointments, but I've been trying to keep the body's work else, but it's kind of later than normally right now. So I'm going to have a shake right now. The night boy who's just over and he took all the cinnamon and cranberry cereal that we had left in the warehouse, go through your soul dough, and it may be really wants some milk, now I'm craving it, but I'm going to give him a stroke of gold, so I'm going to have some of that. But yeah, I'm going to mix this up, but I've been using this mouth tape and I've been eating for a while, and I just got a different type of mouth tape. It's called passage tape. This is not my sponsor, it's literally not because I'm still this morning. I ripped this thing off and it took off half my mustache and I fucking hurt, but I've also used surgical tape and it's got tape and it's put like one strip down on my mouth like that. She's keeping my mouth close, could one little heavier and eating one point on some weight I would breathe for my mouth and then I sleep like shit, and I pee like 20 times throughout the night. Using this stuff for any other tape I've been pee like months and I sleep in way better, still waking up late and really tired. So hopefully if I catch up on my sleep travel a little bit less, one of the hell that's going to happen. I can actually sleep better, but for now, I didn't want to get so many mixed up the shake, drink this coffee, get a bunch of liquids in the electrolytes, protein, no carbs, I'm going to go work out, we'll upper body care for each of you daily, we're okay, just instead of for me so I'm filming out of Kelvin and then I'll see what's going on today. So I'll keep me. All right, so I'll provide you day. Gonna be traveling for the next nine days, essentially tomorrow we're going to add land and back in the same day. The answer is that we're going to Vegas and we're going to Dallas. So the next couple of days and probably not really going to get a full workout in, at least not a good one, so I'm going to do a full upper body day today. This is a Justin King workout, one of the guys got to come down and put me through it before. So I'm going to do a little bit of everything, supersets, arms, back, chest, all the good shit. Really only one exercise for body part and we're going to move through it. So I'm warming up right now, a bunch of external rotators, trap-up areas, doing like 20 reps of them and my fucking rotators and traps burn like crazy because I never train these things properly. So I'm trying to get those stronger so my posture is better, shoulders are more stable, less than injuries, a lot better. I'm also supposed to do like a neck strength fitting thing with the medicine ball, but I don't have one so I'm going to use the band and then do this little warm up a few times and they get on with the workout. Mgov, boom. Whew! We're in headphones. Do you like my music? No, I do. Well, I use a new birth course. There. Upper body. You? Baby. Baby training there. Baby training. So, it's five. Get after her. What? Alright, so, Tryna warm up. I'm not even supposed to be really training like a bodybuilder right now just in trying to build my body up to not be injured. Like I keep doing all these little things. But, not came. Well, people come and I want to train with other people and clubbing shit. I want to live heavy. So, I did some heavy shoulder press. I haven't even benched over 120. But, I showed it press 120 because I had to train with cool and people here obviously. I'm sure those are tight and sore. Like you haven't been in a while. And I got to do upper body day today and I'm feeling it because I just haven't been training heavy at all. So, I feel like the only way for me to ever get back into it is just to train through the pain. I have a little pain in it. But, Justin's more of the preventative, rather than reactive when you hurt yourself. So, you're in the really stand for that kind of shit. So, I'm combining the best of both worlds right now. People around, I'll lift heavy on a train like bodybuilder. But I'm also going to follow the program. So, I feel like I'm feeling it today. But, still going to try and go ahead because I want to be strong. Alright, the goals for both of these sets. So, you get three working sets of eight to ten rounds. And the tempo is three second negative. One second hold repeat. So, on bench, I'm trying to use three seconds down, pause for one second up fast. On the semi-supernated pull down, pull it down. One second pause, let it up slowly for three seconds to control it. And he does it just in does it, where he wants to start off with a 20% variance of your working sets. So, if I started a 100 pounds press, then the heaviest I should go to, the 120. And I keep that variance at high or if I have to drop, I only go down 20% and then as I progress in the program, you want to bring that down to almost like a 10% variance. So, I'm building all three sets at like 115, 125, rather than 120. So, one of his little things of getting strong is possible. So, we're going to give it a shot. Oh, now. That was a hard eight, not gonna lie. Hard enough that I thought it would be. I'm not sure I can do another eight here, but I gotta try. Very made that. I thought these things posted on, I think it was fuck Jerry News. So, I don't know how accurate it is. But some billionaire is making a version of the Olympics, where you're allowed to take steroids. And I feel like, first I thought I thought it was like the coolest thing ever and it would make some crazy shit. But realistically, I'm not the athlete, probably I'd take shit, they know how to cycle it. And all the good athletes who are training from the age of like four because their parents are fucking crazy. Probably won't let them take drugs or cycle properly. And those are people who are training way harder than someone at like 30. Who's like, fuck, and I'm taking steroids and do the steroid Olympics. So, I feel like even though it would look really cool, it sounded really cool. The nattie people in the real Olympics would still always beat the nattie people. Just because I truly believe a lifetime of proper training and nutrition for something even with that steroids is more beneficial than taking some gear and trying to blast it off quicker. Especially for performance sports. When it's not based off muscle mass, I got a building. But I would be interested in seeing various things to say. If I wasn't nattie right now, I'd probably enter them myself. Probably get waxed too. Cross it in hands would be dope though. I'd watch that. When I'm trying to count reps and tempo, I can never keep track. So do this weird thing where I go like one. And I go like one, one, one, two, two, two. Because I can't go one, one, two, three, two, one, two, three. I'll lose fucking track well the numbers. I normally don't count my reps at all, but I'm trying now. So my little tip of the day to count. Just looks like me. I can't dribble at all anymore. Especially with my arm pump. I have a shitty dribbling even in high school. Fly about basketball. Also ordered a hoop. It's coming tomorrow, I think. And I'm going to put it right out there. So I'm between sets. I can practice. That's all I got. Corny, you can play basketball, right? Corny claims she's more athletic than I am, so our kids are going to be really gifted. I didn't see her the least athletic. I just said I thought my sister could beat you in a race. She probably can't. She probably can't. Not long distance. Not long distance. What is that? Let's see. Drill ball. Yeah. Oh, I can't even catch though. Are you between the legs? I can't walk. Actually, I'm going to get that by far. I'm going to walk in dribble. I'm going to walk in dribble. Really? Yes. She used to play basketball a lot. I think. I think. I'm not a ball. I'm not. We'll see when the hoop comes. Play some one-on-one. What? Can you quiet me? I can't. Breathe out! Breathe out! Breathe out! Breathe out! Breathe out! I'll sit in the fire! Congrats. You slipped! Asking your EXTRASE. Evening. I've beenbilited always. problem with the semi-subinated grip or subinated or mega-fingin general your forms get toasted like a fucking I don't even know what you call this oven mitts alright, I think I've done this before but I'm switching up the grip a little bit because I fucked it up last time but it's a mechanical advantage drop set so I'm keeping the weight in the same but I'm moving my arms and grip to make it easier for myself as I go along so I'm starting with semi-pronated clothes, semi-pronated water and insupinated water where I'm strong so we kissed middle strongest hopefully I can finish a triple super set with that bang I think you're gonna have to hold this thing up close fucking forearm blaster working this was a take 10 seconds rest that was a little bit heavy for me but it felt good so I'm gonna drop it down the two 10s instead of a 25 so 10 pounds total hopefully I can finish the set like that I'm supposed to get 10 pounds every part of the tricep I got like 8-7 there so lower the weight oh no oh come on oh alright let's get me a wrap on today's workout I'd skip one part of it because of shoulders I did shoulder the F today but I was supposed to do a standing Arnold press I didn't make any of the job set but I literally just did shoulder the F today was enough so we're skipping that one I convinced Kyle not to eat his right to crispy treat before the workout so I'm gonna open it oh you opened it you're worried about to take a bite and you're eating it but now it's sitting here so I'm not gonna eat that but at the wrap we're heading to Courtney's doctor of the appointment now the check on baby bum see how the bulking phase is going we're bulking phase right now though alright the next four weeks six weeks baby's gonna go half a pound every week at least so I'll tell you a fucking huge I'm on the bulking baby bum we're feeding each other all three of us so training a big inject but we're going to be late so we got ahead of this appointment and see you guys later Thank you