One thing I didn't realize how fucking thick my hair is until I traded a gym with no AC My fucking just chrome dome and go bald this year I'm a mustache and bald look like a fucking cereal cover from the 1940s of shit Come on come on Chris Serious Watch this up Youtube to looking up to the yelling here. That's okay because we are in the bomb lifting clock. I don't know if that's what I'm gonna call it but it sounds a bit right but the gym done. So like I told you guys in the last video I had a bit of a rastart of prep but it's okay we got a prime of gym now making up for it but I've been training here alone for the last 10 week I guess a week and it's been fucking beautiful obviously having no one about it or you just like chillin, both of the work coming in here and training is taught it's a clock. That's why it's so loud to recover to big ass stands literally the bread big ass stands. Greatest name ever made. Well yeah the crib right here so the rest of my prep you're gonna see you see in a lot of this place mainly where I'm gonna be training and join it and fucking shoot up here so we're gonna be hit to chest today trying out some of the pieces here chest wall the one thing that we're actually replacing both of the pieces that we have right now so three of them that we have of like four are being over placed not optimal but it is what it is we built it really quick so not everything came in in time. Yeah gonna be fucking up a chest workout today hopefully good work out and rest of the prep is gonna be beautiful in our private little spot so stay tuned trying out new machines trying to close grip cable press everything is before so it's probably gonna be a lot of fine tuning but here's what's here one thing I didn't realize how fucking thick my hair is until I traded a gym with no AC my fucking just chrome dome and built ball to see you have a mustache and ball and look like a fucking cereal club from the 1940s of shit one of the things where if you have an injury or pain somewhere like my shoulder you can set the cable up select the perfect range of motion that you need it to be elbows in the perfect condition and it's not a fly press so it's just like a machine but it's constantly tension because of the cable pulling you from the way behind you well honestly it's like better than most press you can do you just can't do it much of a low-up but it's an injury that's really good cable press try to out by ball to you recently just push a little more ball to you keep my body healthy kind of push a little bit more calories too but it's also just kind of getting that a drag can keep fucking smith machine's body like six plates my knees are just getting too beat up and I want to be a walk when I'm older so I've been uping my wrap range that used to be like eight to ten or six to ten even I've been trying to do like a good 12 to 15 for most makeshift and it's been feel pretty good I definitely get better pumps but it's a lot more of a mental gain now trying to keep a really like constant state of tension and time and tension rather than just like pushing some weight mentally I just like stay in it a little long because the set longer is actually at the focus more so it's a nice little change and challenge I still love heavyweight but I'm gonna find my balance right between number of tension heavyweight a little more volume this year as you would have done oh okay a lot I thought I was gonna get 12 I got 11 drop the weight I'll go for 14 next set I'm getting 14 so we're doing a drop set something about fucking hundreds of regularity gives you like the craziest pump but I can never get over like 12 wraps I just have too much blood in the mouth kind of a good problem to have okay I do it in slow and thin. all right these two chest pieces right here are like my favorite style of fly to do I have really long arms so when I do a pecdec it's hard to take out my shoulders and my biceps and my forearms at a movement these force you push from your elbow which is supposed to be doing with the pecdec we're using the elbows in across your body these little four stitches to the rollers around them I definitely don't need a flat or a 10 degree and a 45 degree or 30 degrees but I like the machines look fucking why not have two so we're gonna be doing this in a two way you can do you can have a cross your arms alternating or you can like really push your hands forward and in squeeze so it's almost like a full press fly but they feel amazing great contractions so I'm gonna be doing the decline one today three sets and yeah we found these in some of the basements so whoever is basing it was thank you so figure it out the way so I know next week can Texas honey's gonna be like, collect your chest. Flex this pack. Squeeze it harder, hold it. And I'm gonna be like, really honey. I'm just super pairing myself for his antics. Another week of fucking bantering, talking shit to the fucking old man Yoda. Oh yeah. But she just keeps tension on your packs and feels very nervous. You guys know me, I am not a big fan of decline presses. Again, because my fucking troll is in fucked up for three years. But this machine, I tried it. I remember where I tried it. Some of them were before I tried it and they were alive. Got it. But the neutral grip in the angle, that can really squeeze that like tech minor underneath by like lower tech in here. Squeeze that and it's gonna be my shoulder. So it's one of my favorites. This and I can actually do body weight dips now. Like getting in a nice deep corner really helps you get that tech minor like pop your chest up a little bit. So nice to throw in on a chest step. Clown. Translate. authored. Translate. Check that. This is the hospital. No one just touched me. Alright normally we probably do pectick right now with my last chest excite and do a little tricep taster but I'm not gonna lie it's not really like this pectick so I'm gonna do the flat one of these and I'm only gonna do like one side and do Calvin's favorite little stretch cause I'm gonna keep it light that felt decently light you do like eight to ten stretch failures or eight to ten stretch holes like you're to get without being failure stretch and then go to failure so I've never done it on this machine I don't know what we'll need to do but we're just gonna give it a shot and I'm just blasting out pecs for the year for the last exercise so doesn't really matter just trying to fucking me that whatever juice I got left so do it a little bit too late I think I got like fifteen on that last rep but I felt good now onto a little bit of chiceps me coming right I could have teetuck in my cup this year but telling I'm really gonna have to now because this wind is loud it's fuck or big ass fan loud it's fuck but I'm doing some triceps probably some cables in some dips to hit a little bit more chasped with some dips and then we're gonna get the fuck out of here so that's gonna be it alright kids gonna be around on today's workout vlog you may know at the bum listing club this is gonna be your chiller my chiller it's fucking high for the world nothing you're ready done done by prep probably but I'm gonna bring like a couch maybe or like a love sack big big bag and set stuff like a chill spot so what I want to be alone I can come here and how do I want to be alone having that and then work out there and then I'll get a fridge like have cleaned there you are fucking have clean shakers cold water fresh protein shakes and all the good supplements so yeah that's the wrap on today's chiceps chiceps wrapped up with some symptoms and dips had a pretty good workout like I was saying you're really good chest pumps for pumps in general when it's hot so enjoying the heat you also feel a little bit weaker but given to take you to it to a lot better I might make these two away better and you're joining us so yeah stop randomly putting down some protein chuck a lot of peanut butter very delicious I've been fucking enjoying this and the maple waffle my oats and the morning because these are the only sweet things that I get through today but still very enjoyable so yeah thank you guys for watching next video is going to be in Delas tixas with Mr. Juanne Rombad yeah well you're shaking like crazy bro you're shaking that was the chair okay I'm here flourish well I'm talking to one alright yeah wrap this up see you later if you get to watching love you guys see you in the next one