What is up YouTube? Welcome back finally to another full day of you getting. Now you guys love these and they hold me accountable too because I'm like welcome that eating enough at the beginning of my outfit and I'm just getting things rolling. So I don't even know what I'm eating. How much of anything I'm eating because I haven't tracked anything since the Olympics honestly. So this will be interesting for myself. Given how much we were traveling, I was eating out two to three times a day for weeks at a time like literally not so. So I definitely wasn't getting an opportunity of getting too much sodium, probably a lot of fats. Much of shit in my digestion wasn't feeling too great. I had no appetite and eat my food would be like coming at my throat like acid reflux. So I came back home, chilled out on out eating for a little bit. I haven't eaten out in a while because I'm trying to eat clean and now we're getting the ball back roll. So that being said my metabolism obviously is an entire thing I want. This is because of my both. I want to eat huge but I don't want to get fat. So I'm going to be showing you guys what I'm eating probably four to five meals a day depending on how my day goes and this is just not me forcing food down just be trying to get calories protein, give them that wasn't going on. Make sure I'm recovering from my workouts. All that good stuff. I realized when I started training harder again but I was eating enough. I was so sore for like five days because I wasn't eating that protein my body was recovering properly. So I'm trying to get that back in so I'm not as good a bit. So yeah it's breakfast time and I'm hungry so I'll start cooking it. Okay. I'm gonna use our regular fat. What to do tonight? You go sit. Alright, so the final product. Honestly, one of the more aesthetic meals I've ever made in my life normally was like crap, somehow it's kind of came together. Got some potatoes, eggs, avocado, and turkey bacon. Like I said, I don't eat it every day, I kind of rotate it through breakfast because I haven't been in a good routine. So it is what it is. But this meal comes out to a thousand calories. Hestee and the fat. I cooked everything in butter today. Cording's got me hooked on the good old butter, chain of cooking stuff in. There's why the hell not. It's nature's anti-pan sticker and it tastes absolutely amazing. So loaded up on some grass fed butter and I've been covering any bread I eaten, ghee butter and delicious. So the macros to this come down to 50 grams of carbs, 66 grams of fat, 54 grams of protein. Pretty hefty fat breakfast for a while. Literally just eating bison, butter, avocado, and whole eggs and no carbs essentially and it was just other than from the avocado. But it was just a heavy fat breakfast and I was feeling pretty good. But I was getting skinny so I've been in a little bit of carbs and still have to be mine fat but the great way to start the day. This is like 9 a.m. right now we should eat between 8.9. Next meal looks up a lot of hours, be hungry by then and ready to rock. So I'm going to get this down and I got a little kiwi. I don't really have this very often but we are whole foods and it looked really good so I grabbed a pretty slight kiwi. Now I have some fruit with that. Call it a day. So enjoy this. See you guys with the next meal. I'm going to eat this morning and I feel really good to eat. You know what it's practically like being pregnant. You're being menstrual and you're being diagnosed with a baby. Why don't you have that abrassive morning because for some skin, you're huge and I'm like I've been 265 and I know exactly how it feels. And I'm like so true. Remember both of the 265 when you are not meant to be 265? Walkable flight of stairs and you are out of breath like you're in America. So I say it's the same thing. Quilf on top of the bowl and bowl and food on my stomach. It's different. Prairie women please. Or mom. Have my God. He just said no. The more pregnant women the marriage can you do is you get up to 265. I guess. I guess. I guess. I guess. All right, meal number two. Lunch time. A little bit late here if I move the floor today. But I got a nice little makeup that cuts the meal. They make these sweet potato fries. And that are literally just sweet potatoes with some seasoning on it. So if you see any of them meals with that, all of them are always good. Sometimes they have a really good garlic mayo dip. Sadly, they didn't come with this one. But I have about 250 grams cooked weight of sweet potato fries. But it's actually sweet potato. And then 220 grams of chicken breast. And also grilled the chicken breast so it's absolutely fire. And I don't have to cook it. So shout out to Megapha for that huge lifesaver. Drinking my favorite beautiful orange juice in the crater. Great one, I love it. But this meal comes out to 577 calories. About 50 grams of protein. Super simple little basic. I've been slacking on even remembering to order these meals. Typically, Courtney will make me food. Sometimes she doesn't. Then it's completely my fault for not having food because I'm not prepared for my own life. So try to get ahead. Got a little mini freezer in my fridge in my garage. So I keep frozen food there frozen food here. If I have to forget a meal, I got that ready to go. So I'm always stuck up. Not trying to get skinny. So this meal number two typically I trained in the mornings. Like I said, so these meals now, which you kind of get in calories in. So I'm going to do it the day. So I got to say, I'm going to do it as a meal. And then two guys for meal number three. And then maybe we'll make something interesting tonight. Okay, so do that. So I'm going to make some of those. Been a long time. It's a bad abumble. So I'm very keen to have them these again. I don't know why. I just, Courtney's making pasta. I'm going to make just didn't order any bumbles for a while. But these are probably so one of my favorite meals. They get this is not the most glorious whole day of eating. Not very exciting. But real is what I typically eat. Placed brown rice pasta. Some red sauce, 600 calories, a little 40g of protein. Throw in the microwave for a couple minutes. And you're good to go. So this is going to be meal number three. I got to get out here. Didn't be in Courtney. I'm going to be doing a birthing course. But I need to learn how to have a big, she literally just texted me. They remind me of her for 30. She's reminded me of a 500 times. She thought it would be late. And it still might be a little bit late. But that's okay. So I'm going to eat this. Get out of here so she can't give me a ship of being late. And then come and go work out after that. I'll see you guys for a meal number four at home. So that's it. Alright. We're going to look for her. We're going to look for her. She's going to be a bit more than I have. Baby, pretty much I'm going to keep clearly ready as she's busy. She's doing a birthing course and I started it for her. Pretty much ready to rock. I think I could do it. I think I could do it. I think I could do it. I think I could do it. Yeah. I've got to be in her year with Spring Champion mentality, motivation. Teaching a set the damn standard that she delivers the baby. Because, you know, what? I think I could be a good motivator. You know, I thought about mindset, visualization, not believing in another way. You got to believe there's no way out. Well, there's actually no way out. Yeah. It's not that. But like when I'm competing, I'm like, there is no way out. I will never quit. So you just have to do it and your first thing. So you can't quit either. I'm just going to be a visual presentation. Part is going to carry the boats. But you got to carry the boats, baby. And the logs. All right. So meal number four. Some good old chicken rice, zucchini and carrots. You cooked these carrots? I'm sure they're carrots in there. So this is going to be down in there. She's cooking a little bit of butter. Don't know how much. I put in some whole foods, guacamole on this too for just a little bit of extra flavor. I've been on a huge avocado tit lately. So I've enjoyed that. That already drowned at all in olive oil. But another simple meal. Not even a whole lot right now. Just trying to get in my protein. So this meal is 837 calories and about 57-60 grams of protein. I've been eating higher amounts of protein. Typically I have like 180 to 200 grams of it because I'm only eating 45 minutes a day right now. I'm having like 250 grams. This is 250 grams of chicken, 250 grams of rice and probably like 100 grams of guacamole. And I feel like that's just the best way to get protein in. When you're feeling like you're slacking instead of having a 6-7 meal a day, f***ing impossible. Just eat bigger meals. It works and it still gets you jacked. So I'm going to digest you can handle it. You are winning. So yeah, I'm going to put this down. Probably the last full meal of the day. I'm going to eat. Usually I have a shake at some point in the day other than the morning at night. The night when the morning's going to have it at night. Then enjoy this. Do that for the final snack or whatever you want to call it. Alright, welcome back to my pantry. It's been a lot of time in here. We've got pantry. We're working on organizing it currently. So we have pretty much a whole supplement store. I've ever even bought a product in big emblocks. It's in the counter time. It's like two because it's a little excessive. Something like that. The job was to forget to have them and I get more. But I'm going to be making a little shake. I made this in one of my other videos. But I still love it. It's delicious. Using the raw cookie is a cream. I love this flavor. It's a huge fan of cooking cream. Everything. Favorite choice. Where is the child's fun fact? With her sheet cookie been cream. I love the way chocolate's little chips. Anyways, you two scooped to this. I have some ice in there already. It was a lot of milk. We found like a no sugar added, no gorgums and from gum. That's the naïdded. Oh milk. It's a little bit of calcium. And for one of the reasons I just had it in. So that's good stuff. To choose who's that. We are very honored. That's what we are going to organize the pantry soon. And you guys will see it in a beautiful way after that. Do a scoop of corn, sph, and some sun fiber. This is easy. This is a fiber of stomach. If you need it. And then I also feel some of her collagen. Oh, it's my neighborhood or what. But it is a 30-night and people deliver DHL Amazon. Whatever. And I live kind of far out there. You know, close anything. So I'm going to carpool that my driveway is. I'm like a jiggle. Fuck it. This. So it's got you. But no, I guess delivery people come. And all we have is a little bit of a knife down. Anyways, some of the collagen in there. I'm a hair growth doc. Nothing good. Get some nice thin down. All that good stuff. Put that in there. Mainly all I really taste. But protein in there. I'm not a lot of stuff that I've got. But I'm going to put keeping the scoop of almond butter. And then we've got roasted. Same. When I came about, macros last time I set up doing like a tablespoon of almond butter. And I did like three tablespoons of butter. That fruit-blood of pinkened butter. But all I got mum butter. So this is what I was probably too healthy to do. Never know, over the bottom of your tongue. All right. So this is the trick for this. I get this really Elizabeth Benilla chocolate chip. Essentially literally tastes like crunchy cookies. When I dump it in, after everything's already blended, just put away this. And then we'll put it in. And then we'll put it in. So you're going to get a rough ice cream out. Probably half a ton. Put your calories fish. And I'll put that in there. And we're going to quick shake. And you've blinded it for like two seconds. One too much. A little bit turned into like crumbs. You can't taste it. But if you do it just perfectly, everything is simply getting a little bite of a chocolate cookie. And it tastes delicious. Beautiful. I could've blinded it even less than that. It's like one second blind. All right. So that's going to be it for the full day of eating. Nine o'clock fish. Eight thirty-ish finishing the last minute right now. I don't like eating too late night. I'm not going to bed early lately. But my total calories for the day is 3,807. I've got these asap. It's been so long since I've checked my macros. I have about 280 grams of carbs. 130 grams of fat. 280 grams of protein. It's honestly right around where I want to be protein right now. From like that adds all carbs. All every like trace protein sources and everything into that. So weighing about 250-55 right now, 280 is pretty good. I could even handle a little bit more than that. In the past I've always gone back and forth a very important protein I need. And in last year I just opted and I'll see how it goes. It's just like I used to do when I was in college and I definitely realized I recovered better. I realized my body can handle more protein but it's also hard on your system, your digestion. We aren't getting through every shit tons but that's kind of up in the near, whether or not that's true. So I don't do that all year. But when I really need it, I'm going to turn up both hard and I'm not recovering. Like the peak of the pulse of my strength is really high from our the end of the prep. I have my protein a lot but being a little bit over one gram per pound of body weight is super safe. So 280 is good for me. I'm going to enjoy this and good after every time I start going from that camera with a immune. It's so nice by the way if you're bodybuilding, you can be like 5-6 minutes a day and then you go to just eating three and not carrying any calories you get. But every time I go from that back to actually tracking and trying to eat more food, I really have how much food I have to eat to get it in like the back of the cylinder 30-800 calories. It's bonkers to me. I actually like I did use the consistently eat six-5 calories a day. I'll probably never eat that much again consistently because it just sucks. But I still got some oxygen. I gotta get away over 30-100 especially to get my metabolism rolling so that when I do start to die, I don't have to start myself because it really does help you. So I'm going to get working on that but I'm not going to go anywhere over 4,000 calories any time soon. I'm going to open my body just to this. Bring it my training and 10-10 so I'm actually using all that food. You have to kind of play with those numbers. Watch yourself, watch your scale, watch your body fat. If you start getting too fat, then everything just starts to fall apart. You don't feel good. You're in some sense if you get the fuck to early on and the beginning of your grow season and everything starts to fall apart. So really easy to do it. Focus more on healthy, amount of carbs and fats. High protein and lifting up your training intensity and watching your recovery and your strength and health progressing. And your weight of course so just track everything with closely as possible. And I'll try and kind of show you guys how I'm doing that over this office. But you enjoy this, let the dog go, tell him in the name. See you next time.