Okay, if you're on campus it's you guys I think in my book, okay, I just posted on my YouTube channel Check out what according to keep the bill Why do you get that shot sorry? Please don't don't do this to me Come on, let me just do this really quick What stop Don't you make his breakfast for him though? It's it's waffles. Yeah, sometimes but he's on this like smoothie kick now where he makes this smoothie that's like this big and it's like thick It's like a thick dad You see the consistency Yes, it is Now he's gonna make it like more like what is because I just What is up YouTube welcome to the first-old-day meeting of you now? No, second-second. Yeah, second-old-day meeting of 2023 But the official first-old-day meeting of my office. I just did blood work on Friday Since your blood work on Friday and I'm not dying so God bless. I'll get huge Actually, I don't want to get too huge just here so I'm not gonna be pushing food like crazy I'm gonna be fat so I'm gonna be taking a two-rounding meeting weighing like 253 pounds consistently So I'm probably gonna pump this up in a few weeks if my weight doesn't change anymore No, I'm gonna go from there. But I've been making this smoothie every week day for breakfast We can't scortly make me waffles Because I'm trying to eat waffles and take it for every day. I'll say it's sick of them He joined the mother weekend so we're bouncing life a little bit, but starts with five ounces of aloe verid juice Plus five ounces of parad juice And then what I do this is no part of your Skippa glutamine Prash and Cal Super fiber more hashtag help Who's eating the literal protein for the best protein for smoothies? That's the flare That's it, but I'm still going You can't taste it You look a cat fold up a side of it here. You can't taste it You're random about blueberries A higher raspberry the blueberry ratio tastes a lot better my opinion Maybe prox agree half a banana That's pretty much all the pisses me for any random you make this out Health you're well, I don't you put a gender in it. You can't taste it, but it's a Free meal system so I ran around a lot of gender in here So they're not eating a pool It does like now I do 15 milliliters of brain octane fuel MCT oil some healthy fast swimming morning You imagine you took this to like a place that made some of these on the street class Delicious with cast Lastall I think It would think Moving on. It's almost pink like that. It takes way better since they're doing it way too. Well I sit on that hard toast because toast is the best. I'm gonna eat a Zee-Kee-L spreaded grain bread, taste delicious, toast it up. I add some ghee butter and thanks to all your recommendations. Some local honey from the township of Stuart Florida so that my allergies can hopefully get better. I've been taking this for like a week or so and they're a little bit better but I don't know if it's just a season of judging or not but it's worth it. You should have used my dough. You're honey? Yeah. That's from last season though. I don't know where it is. I took it. You took it? Yeah. Well how would I use it if you took it? I'm saying you should have. Yeah it's first bread bread for you to have a toast and then more we can eat. She got a zet. These are what I was doing. Passed it? No. I thought it was Canadian but then I did a podcast with these notebooks and they're from Toronto to ask. How he said pass that he said pass stuff. So, maybe he told me he was just so. Okay. That's okay. I should have passed my breakfast right there. Butter and honey? Delicious. But that's it for breakfast. Nothing crazy. I'm going to calculate that right now and then sit down and eat this and all that you know how many calories I just ate. Alright so breakfast. Holy calculator. It's 1,073 calories. 59 grams of protein. 47 grams of fat. 101 grams of carbs. Beautiful way to start the day. 10 to get huge. Cheers. I'm done. Thank you. Alright. So, going to be beautiful. Sweet potato. You've ground turkey for some reason. Ground turkey goes way better with sweet potato. And chicken goes way better with rice. Typically how to do it. And I was running out of food today but always prepared. I have a bumble in the freezer. So, it's defrosting right now. Somebody to eat for my next meal. For now, I'm going to have a number two with 180 grams of ground turkey. And 250 grams of sweet potato. Jalsa's meal rakeo. Nothing. 400 grams of sweet potato. 400, 180 grams of calories. So, smaller meal. Breakfast with the kind of like 40 grams of protein. And I didn't really call them. So, I'm going to steal some of these ketchup from the fridge. Too much ketchup. Let's do lunch. We're going to spoon in there. It'll make sure that you're going to be happy. Yeah. The potato. The reason is that corn you make it for a market. Because you check the whole potato. They're putting the oven at like 400 for like an hour. I don't want to have for some shit until you can put a nice throw. It's really soft. And then you just scrape it out. And it's like big potato mashed potato. Super easy to mix. And then you just have a big container of mashed potato. And the fridge. She's going to make my kicks and I eat it for me. It's going to be a little tricky. So, everybody wins. But some meal number two. Take 12 o'clock and I got 12. 30 lunch time. And I'll see you guys for another three. Alright, meal number three. A beautiful, old bumble. I think bumble from make a fit meal. Take a fit meal. Take a fit meal.com, shut up, plug. I honestly don't know what's in this. I'm going to have to go on the website and pop the calories. It's like 180 grams of beef, brown rice pasta in it. I'm like a marinara sauce on it. And it's a easy way to get on a bunch of calories. Perfect with a bills in the off season. And a beautiful, pretty workout meal. I'm going to put this down. You did take some caffeine. So the gym get a workout. And then I'll see you guys for a number four. Tip, do you want to be in the shot? No. Definitely not. Alright. Like what you got. Don't be a jack. Go home. Oh my god. You got it fucking twins. You got it fucking twins. You got it. You got it fucking twins. You got it. Alright, so post workout meal. Courtney cooked up some ground bison patties. We'll have some white rice with zippy because we don't have any bison to have the burger. And I don't really want to anyways. But, meal, do my row. 500 grams of bison. 250 grams of white rice. Probably going to put ketchup on that again because ketchup is life. And he's already going to ketchup. And that's what's going to be. This meal comes up to about 766 calories or so. It's super simple, super easy. And clearly you guys realize it's starting to bulk out. I don't know if you like poo. This is the closest thing to a burger I would ever have consistently. I don't know where the discretion of body building. And just eating like shit and getting huge came in. Could body building. And this shit was like a healthy way to help your body and to be disciplined with your diet and put good things in your body. Care about it and it turned into people eating fucking chick-fil-a and McDonald's and delicious bison needs. Crumble. Not crumble. The fucking breakfast. Like coming these. The breakfast sausage is whatever. The matter is like shitty prickook meal. And you understand that what you eat literally is what forms your muscle you're building. And people who go get massages and are fucking like beat up and do section caps and have black shit coming up and like all that shit from the gross side shit you got to cut it again. Cut it on. Cutting. So because you eat like shit and that's what's sitting in your body. Stagging in your blood and that's what you're trying to build muscle with. So get that shit in your diet. You healthy food. Get some nice bison or just can be. It's not putting shit in your body because of how people will. And it'll help you be a better body. It's my rant of the day. The body called me just like a few minutes ago and he told me that there's like only like a few places you can get like ground veneison and elk and like bison like grass fed from. I got it. It's like oh can I? It's hard to get that kind of stuff. It is inexpensive but like cut costs somewhere else in pay for your food because what matters more we're putting through buying literally you are what you eat. The whole other shit you know what that. I have Dr. Marlon always massage me and he's like grow your tissue is like tight sometimes but it's like malleable and like loose and soft and like fresh feeling because they drink a lot of water. I eat really healthy food and I give my body what it means. So do the same and you'll feel better. The last longer in the body building world. And in life I guess. I think my book okay if I just close it on my YouTube channel. Check out what according to keep it up. What according to keep it up. Why do you get that on the shot sorry? I think so too. Don't do this to me. Oh dude. Don't do this to me. Don't do this to me. Don't do this to me. Don't do this to me. It's like dog shit bro. Thank you. They give this new box. You green box. They agree. No when you come home and you see a flash of green at your doorstep. You have some beautiful food. We're going to find one mega family. I'm going to play that clip. Well, one where I can't pay for your face. Because I put your face on the big tree. Yeah. Yeah, I thought that would happen. Calpad was all the honey. What was that? They give it all. All the ladies all over. Trying to set new. I got a stick burrito ball. Thanks. I'm going to get better. Just a little bit. I'm going to be looking super boring though. They're literally just chicken and rice. Stake and rice. So there's not much going on like setting here. But I'm one of my amy this weekend and I didn't want to cook or get an airb of me. So I found a hotel with a microwave and then literally just bringing like 16 of these. So hopefully the trip that I don't get skinny. Make it for meals.com. Let's go see them. Loki's home mega face. He's an absolute life thing for so go buy yourself some humbles. But my final meal is going to be chicken and rice because I thought I wanted to eat. Why is it frozen? They make this really fire sauce. It's like a lemon olive oil. Dressing. Bang. Fire. Love it. I'm going to be good. Stay there, bear. I gotta do your pause. I'm not ready. I can't do it. I gotta do my pause. I'm not ready. I can't do it. All right, so last meal is a day. It's going to be a mega fit custom meal that I just got beautifully delivered at my door. It's 180 grams of chicken breast, 200 grams of white rice and then there's like 20 grams of olive oil in the season. So it's a nice fats and easy food to digest. I've used some protein shakes all the time before bed. Sometimes I have like a sandwich and a protein shake. It makes me feel like bloated. So I'm having a normal food right now. But this comes to about 200, 400, 500, 600 calories or so. approximately, about 4. But that brings my total calorie count for the day to 3,559 calories. 369 grams of carbs, good luck number. 121 grams of fat and 240 grams of protein. So nothing super crazy here. But simple foods and like I said, I'm literally eating this and pretty much every day. I'm not eating my shitty food all the time. The moral of the story today is to eat healthy foods and give your body the fuel that it needs to thrive. I just get calories and because you want to be huge and fat and unhealthy. Eat healthy. But this is the beginning of my abs, and this is probably the lowest my food will get for a very long time. So I'm going to be enjoying the ease of eating this food because there's no problem getting this down right now. My digestion's on point. Sleeping good. So I really can't complain. Come back to me when I'm 360 and fat. But it's good. The goal this week is here. It's not to get too chubby enough. Season. Stay lean. So we're going to keep the food low with a normal, more cardio and just being a little bit more, more, more, more, more, with medical with my eating. So first, I'll be eating for the last season of them. Thank you for watching till you never. Well, first of all, my time is having to ask you something. What do you guys want to be? First of all, when are you going to increase your calories? When are you going to increase my calories? Good question. I'm going to go another two weeks on this. Chacking my weight, my weight doesn't go up at all. I'm going to increase my calories by like 400. Show me right around 4,000 calories. And then I'll just do that for a month and see where my body goes. I'll go from there. Second. All I want to take for you to reverse to this point. I'll take to reverse two months, eight weeks. I'm going to take a long time. I just slowly started putting in my food and then stay lean. I kept my cardio for a long time. I kept my cardio for a long time. I kept my cardio for a long month out of pure laziness. But the last two days I've done it, let me get my shit back together. And holding it through my ass even. But in eight weeks I was recovered. My body wasn't like in a deep shit hole. I could've been in some preps. It was a much healthier easier prep. So I would've recovered a lot faster, hopefully. If you consider eight weeks fast. Great.