of steak. A rough steak bro. That's like perfect meat, man. It's not even cooked anywhere. What are you talking about? I mean like, there's no like pink in the middle, it's just red. This is the moment. What is up YouTube? Welcome to the first full day of eating of this prep series. You're six and a half weeks out, so it's grand time. So in a decent amount of food, but I've been hungry at wake up. Now like stomach, like they're not sure. Because I'm so hungry and all day I just want to eat more food. But that's prep. That's life. That's what it takes to get shredded. So yeah, I'm not going to get into too much right now because it's morning and I'm hungry. But breakfast is the SP eggs and oats making them in the pancakes. Super basic recipe. You're probably going to do this before, but when you're in prep, the tea is amazing and it feels like you're eating a lot more volume because it does. Essentially though, I do 150 grams of egg whites and then I do two whole eggs. We crack all my egg whites out of eggs and it was like fucking eight eggs. Get in the yolk out of there. Paying that. So go back to my lazy days, pull them in over here. So that oats, part of the reason I switched to, because I don't have any 100 grams of oats, I don't have any 70. And it just didn't feel like a lot of 70 grams of oats. It's 9.6. And I'm going to be scoop out this sunflower. This is one of four eat fibers. It's like just literally like unhumanised plain, that super light. Like mixes with water barely even blood. And then you get to a food easy on your stomach. I've been enjoying that. I've put you scooped the collagen. This is some marine collagen from the corn. Again, I just take over. She's gotten the cover on us. See, good free body. Also adds the texture to the pancakes. So give more of it my pancake. I'm also good to. And then this has been the goat protein fiber lately. Maple waffle fire. We have a little just a drop or about to drop a strawberry. Bounce cake, which is like strawberry short cake. And that one's really something to do. So I want to try that in my oats. But I do like 20 like 20. I'm the protein of the study of full scoop. And then a little bit more. And then the other thing we really see for that is the pumpkin. I already just get this pumpkin. It's just pumpkin puree with nothing added into it. So 120 grams is 40 calories. And I only do like 30 to 40 grams of it. So it's literally like, I don't know, 15 calories. Which is nothing but it, it lets stop supporting from getting hard. If you've ever made protein safety, sometimes it gets like dry and dense in the middle. The pumpkin can't cook. So when it's in the mix of everything, it keeps it like nice and moist. Yeah, that's literally it. I put a dash of water in it. Just put it in it out. Like I said, volume over everything right now. I don't have much water. I just hold it here for three seconds. And then those are my pancakes. Alright, there's the final masterpiece. And some weird nuances I do. I put a paper towel between a bunch of them. So they don't get like the moisture doesn't get in like wet and soggy. Just egg pancakes. I can have a little bit more moisture. Also cover them in salt. In cinnamon because it makes them taste great. And if not calories. And then sometimes that always, I have this kind of thing. I just want to make it look like a little bit more moisture. I also cover them in salt. In cinnamon because it makes them taste great. And then sometimes that always, I have this delicious monk fruit sweetened to maple syrup. And it's 10 calories for 30 milliliters. So I literally weigh out about 25. And I'll do this every day, but I figured, I'll show you the most of what I do. I'm doing the most today for this video. So I weigh it like 25 milliliters on that. And then I dip some in there, some mate was out. But that is my breakfast. And I totally had the macros for you guys. It does, I know you love that shit. But it comes out to 619 calories. So it's a big ass plate of 618 calories. 54 grams of carbs, 14 grams of fat, and 63 grams of protein. So not a bad browner or some pancakes on-prem. Salt. Seasoning. And we're all good, butter. Just salt. Alright, that's a wrap on breakfast. One of those meals, like I mean every meal right now. But gone too soon. When I finish, I'm like picking up a little bit of the leftover. But, you know, my mom was day, I could head over to West Palm Island and be back in town for a bit for me number two. As you can see, we are currently homeless. This doesn't have to box in suitcases. Not our home with roommates and not ideal situation for prep, but it is what it is, making the most of it. We are currently moving in our nowhere to move to. So this is just kind of the theme of the year. Everything's just not going the morning to play in. But, it doesn't matter because I don't need home. Just a kitchen. And a fridge in a bit. So making the most of it. So we're either going to be back here for me number two or at the office. I'm not sure if I'm going to be back. I'll see you guys out there. Alright, so we're here for me on number two. A little bit late today because I got a lot of work to do. I'm going to come and make Calvin show the update. Even when I told him to be 12, it's not 1 o'clock. So just run in behind. But to stop by Whole Foods, they're going to have some West Bomb and Courtney has his life act. You ask them to cook fish for you. They'll cook it for you there. And they'll cook it with like no oil. And then I think just seasoning or lemon or something. Then you all have to cook fish at home and you fish it in some kind of like shit. So Whole Foods is the goal for that. It's a little price here and I know people aren't shopping there, but it's worth it. Can they cook your food for you? You got some sauces. But, Courtney also made me a little bit of something. But this meal is 200 grams of white rice, 180 grams of chicken breast. And then got some shredded lettuce. Back in the game, shredded lettuce to get shredded. You get to know the drill. And this year we've been adding sliced up a little baby cucumber system in the meals. Because they are low to no calorie and little crunch, little freshness. And then Courtney makes this whole concoction where she squeezes lemon. And then she does some organic honey, a djohn mustard and coconut aminoz. And then she blends it all up together into this and it makes almost like a minigrant style salad dressing. I don't know, but it tastes delicious. So I pour this on this meal and that's what I eat. But the calories on this one are 450 calories. Proteins like 46 carbs is about 58. So not a big meal, but this is like a pretty simple meal. You don't feel that are very similar to this or at the day. Normally I eat it at like 113-12. Because I was eating five meals for a while. And honey wanted me to up it up to six. So I was eating 220 grams of meat every single meal for five meals. And then I cut it down 280 grams of meat and added an extra meal to it. And the day was no carbs on it. So eating the six meals now and I needed because the hungry here I get the more soup I want to eat. My meals because my appetite is just crazy right now. And I'm not eating a lot of food. They don't feel me up. So spreading it in my meals, helping build up limbs, apples and getting in protein throughout the day. So we need to snack them after the starving. I'm probably going to say that every single meal I eat. But eat this and I'll see you guys for a meal number three. I can't see where we are. Oh, wait. Not the ideal way to eat potatoes. But okay, we're going to have some. We have a better pressure to the oven. And then we would do that. Any food that's good for the grand meal. This is a meal number three, getting normally eat it a little bit earlier day. But this is what it is. It's some 99% lean ground turkey. We're going to say back cause I'm not losing any bites. The 180 grams of ground turkey. Like I was saying most women are 180 grams of meat right now. And then I have 200 grams of raw weight potato. Really hard to measure. And my thinnest pound stuff he just needed never knows. Cooked, cooked. Cooked, cooked and all the stuff. And then you cook the potatoes. These ones, partly less than the oven for too long. And they just dried up a little bit more, dried up a little bit more so the weight really decreased. So the corny does the shoe weighs some raw and it should divide the cookie sheet into four and should put 200 grams in each corner and then after she'll individually put them in the separate so I know each one is 200 grams of raw liquid potato and it's just a super consistent way to track your food. Make sure you're consistent with eating the same thing every day. So this thing is meal comes up to 360 calories a little baby has meal. Getting like 45 grams of protein from the turkey and like 40 grams of carbs from the potato and the go-to on the sun some good ol' sarachia. I don't know if only one who does this but every single meal I have in the day a specific condiments that go with it. Like I always use sarachia and ketchup with my potato. I rice mill usually has the coconut meat on the honey mustard and then I have a fish meal that usually has a green salsa on it or a different type of honey mustard and everything just has a specific match. I'm like a fucking mission so chef specific flavors that go to eat enough but minus the tasty food. But yeah this is the meal number three going down right now. Normally this is my typically my pre-workout meal. I try to cram in my food a little bit earlier than the day not going to have me six meals and I want to get my metabolism and my body going just food and me at the early possible throughout the day and I like having me at least three meals of carbs in my body. You may sit in before I go train. Today's gonna be rest day and I normally carry in the morning but I had to go to that appointment earlier so I'm gonna be doing cardio after this meal. I eat this a lot of digest a little bit. Good to carry you. I need to go back for a meal number four so that's a current game plan and yeah. T.E.S. for a good next meal. All right we are on to meal numero quadru. Now I just finished up cardio rest day today. Once the gym didn't have our cardio. Custon new pieces coming into we got a new leg press up. It was in there. There have been blabbered making sure. I want to keep it my get rid of another one not really sure yet. But more importantly to have the full day reading. I mean number four is some fish that fish I got down or corny got down whole foods and then it's fried up with some rice a little bit of broccoli's long. Tread lettuce and cucumber again. Tread lettuce and cucumber has been the go too lately. Corny put the together for me like a week ago for the first time maybe 10 days ago and it's been fire so nice crunch and very refreshing. But this meal is only 434 calories like 40 grams of protein, 57 grams of carbs. So all these meals are like pretty much 100 calories except breakfast and they are leaving me very happy. This one I haven't had this this year yet but last year I had this Tom's award winning original gourmet mustard sauce. Absolutely delicious. So I'm gonna put some of this on and enjoy it and honestly it's been loving weight fish. I have 200 grams that have 180 grams like the rest of my meals because there's less protein content and technically in fish program so just make sure you know that when you're putting your meal together. And yeah it's really all that's going on in postcardio meal. Alright so Calvin left so I put his camera on a box here and we need to help him out. We're going to replace that quick. But I forgot he's leaving. We're gonna trigger some safe saffords which will show you but I have a creamy typically or a protein shake. Sounds really fucking weird to say creamy but these things blew up on the internet and I ordered one and they're actually pretty damn good. They make a protein ice cream. Probably heard of it the ninja creamy. I literally I posted it and people were like I wonder what recipes are going to be like I'm excited to see I'm like first of all I'm not creative. I'm not gonna be good. Second of all I'm gonna prep some recipe because it's a water and protein powder. That's literally it. But this protein the raw dark chocolate protein is definitely the best one I have used for it. It feels like a really rich dark chocolate and I don't put the only trick I really do that probably do you have the amount of water you should for two skips so it's really like flavor is very dense and yeah I literally shake it up in a protein shake cut pour it in here freeze it overnight and then let's put it in the machine. Okay so the only trick I do actually have for this is when you use water it comes out like flaky as you can see. You can even see that not really actually like ice cream at all because it's just literally shaped ice pretty much with protein but it's a lot more calories than me. You can put almond milk, oat milk, any kind of milk make it drizzle on top and then blood is again it takes two minutes you do it for another two minutes. I can't do that because I'm in prep so I literally just add like that much water to raise them every time and then I run it through the machine again and it comes out way more like fluffy like ice cream. All right so as you can see texture now is way better. Never know how to focus on this camera. Let's see if we can do that. There you go. Take sure the way better now literally. That literally a little bit creamy. Hence the name way better than blood and the ice in the in the blender and that's not a bad little protein I can't forget that for nothing but water and protein powder and I promise you guys the start chocolate protein is the best flavor I've been through a bunch as the best one. We also just made that strawberry one though strawberry would probably really get as well I'm going to try to rub it in my house and then it's creamy. But me and according I'm going to watch succession we're getting into that show so I'm going to eat my ice cream and then we come back when kelm becomes back will be eaten. Me and the number five. Oh, that's a pretty technical answer. All right so this is a meal number five. We do not feel exciting at all so I'm not gonna do that. That'll along this one pretty much the same with my last meal but smaller 200 grams of white fish fresh Atlantic wild caught cod and 150 grams of white rice. Let us answer my master's so that's it. And what's it? Get her bone. It's okay what's your favorite bone? How do I eat all of these right now? I'm going to add all of these right now. Alright, so this is a moment where I would literally eat, make it eat both of these right now, easily. Now you don't think so? I don't know. I think I definitely can, right now, it would be amazing. It would probably taste the crack, but this is all we can taste like, crack. This is the memory of eating. Just that. So, car was no wishables. I'm going to kind of work with the next 12 hours. The Kelvin is a master of the trigger. That's making steak that I would literally never take the time to do this kind of like three hours of cooking steak. But it's probably the best way to cook a steak. I can't live. I've traveled a lot. I've lived last few years. I'm going to stay counted because it's how we kind of like make up for the shooting of a traveling. And it's hard to beat a fucking 12 triggers to get a get live. So, I've been enjoying this here. Some Joe Rogan method where he's here, is it? He just said, I don't know, he can explain it one day. But it tastes amazing. So, this is meal number six. It's 200 grams of steak. Oh, fuck. Fucking steak bro. That's like perfect medium. What do you mean? You see a medium? Me, rare. It's not even cooked anywhere. What are you talking about? I mean, like, there's no like pink in the middle. It's just red. I mean, it's just moving. Is there a rope round it? Yeah. I'm going to go fire. There you go. What is it? Okay, what's it like? You can comment below if you guys think that's still rare. You guys think that it's so rare, I'll sell my trigger. That's rare. That's a rare. That's a rare. That's a rare. That's rare. That's rare. That's rare. That's rare. That's rare. It's a bit of a illusion because it's smoked. So it's more cooked than it looks. But. Okay. What's the next one? I'm sure it's what's in what? Do you want to go? Do you want to go? Do you want to go? Yeah? Oh, good. Okay. All right. So it's coming right up on this floor. They've been we just cut a rabbit whole time. What can Egyptian pyramids in the Great Wall of China? And I'm dying of David Goggles. I'm going to run across it. So what's happening is that I'm really fucking saying it. And we're going to get a bit. But to wrap up this video currently six and a half weeks. And I'm at six and a half weeks. Or five and a half weeks. Six and a half weeks. So calories came up to 2,739 calories. For macros were 257 grams of carbs. 31 grams of fat. Oh shit. That's low. That's right. 31 grams of fat. And 330 grams of protein. So it's a fucking high-end protein diet. But you know, that's how we're going to trip this year. So that's everything I'm even hearing right now. And I'm very happy to be here. So I'm going to go back and do that in the wake up. And groundhogs day begins for the next six and a half weeks. Do the same shit. Everything will day. Cardio, office, sleep, gym, eat, repeat, sleep. All that bullshit. So yeah, thank you guys for watching. See you guys in the next one. Peace out.