Alright guys so before this video starts, the merch shop is going live in a few hours today. This is going up on Friday February 24th, which I believe it's supposed to be 12pm Eastern at C-Bum-Fitness.com. This is one of the shirts dropping. One of my favorite shirts on this drop. We got the Bum-Cet 4P shirt, the Dreamers and the Tent Longsleeve, the Skinny Bitch shirt we saw to the jacket, belts, the belts are finally stockpiled, and bodybuilding belts to hat. Not this hat but same frame hat but different color, khaki and green. We'll drop and see you on DashFitness.com. So check it out and that's all for now right now. So I hope you guys like the video and enjoy. What is up YouTube? Welcome to Morning Workouts with Sneybum. I've been working out at 8 in the morning lately, approximately for not. Not early, I don't know how people train at 6am, I couldn't do it. It's not that 7pm, it's trying to get here by 8pm. I train fasted, for the Dujis have a coffee, the Dash of Almond Milk, and some MTT oil, a little bit of fast, so I guess not really fasted. But I found what I was working all day and out that the warehouse lately or whatever. I've come home and we move to the warehouse pretty far away, so it's like 45 minutes drive to the gym. In fact, with the AirTool 5PM, the drove here got here by like 6pm, 30 whatever. I'd be miserably tired and didn't want to work out. So I tried to switch up my routine during the morning and I've been doing it for like 2 weeks and actually it feels pretty good, I'm not gonna lie. I had to pick up this weekend with my amy and ruin my schedule, but I'm getting back on if I tried it, so yeah, try it out for a little bit, see how it goes. It feels better than after work right now. But if it starts to get inhibited my strength or intensity, as I'm getting stronger because I'm fasted in the morning, I'll probably switch it up right now, feels good. So back day, in the morning, it's all that's going on. Alright, only due to work excess, right now on starting stuff, I'll make you one light thing at the end with more than that. But two working sets, and move on, turn on really squeeze, have good form, and come up back here together. So, I think we'll do some bent over rows, and then make up the work out as we go from here. Well, due to need reverse grip rows, it's really important to have the perfect width. If you're too narrow, your elbows are going to flare out, and if you're too wide, you're going to fuck up your elbows to keep you kind of pace with a little bit of water, so your elbows can come completely behind you. You want to drop your shoulders forward, like, put your track them, and then retract them all the way back, and have this huge, like, range of motion here. So, you've got to make sure your hands, elbows are getting in the way they're perfectly driving back. You've got to find the right spot, but I see a lot of people going really narrow for these and then their elbows are flaring out instead of back. In order to try and keep your elbows close to your body, plus higher that shit back. Who's that? Look at that. Hook grip. This? This? What this? Nice little. That new merch though. This is a 4P 2.0 shirt. We did a shirt similar. It's 3 straight plastic. Added a 4th gold one. I don't know if you want to call them Tiger Scratches. Mustard. One might say mustard. One might say it's a few linoes. Have to donate my hand. You never know. You never know. You should have wear it. What? Hold those on the right side of your body. What could I wear? It's a small bra. Tiny waist doesn't matter. It's a bra. The belts are also dropping next week. I forgot. I have been the biggest mission to get. So, I was adamant on getting this style. Ableather. Actually, good shit. Pick ones in the fin ones. They're like, fucking tornadoes or earthquakes or something. Or it's happening. It took us like nine months to get these belts. But they're finally here. They're dropping next Friday. The states usually have a bodybuilding one where it's like getting narrow. And then a more powerlifting style one. Like this. I wear both. But it's going to go a little bit more supportive for roses, blocks and shit. So, proctinists. Do you wield? Oh, I feel like I had a training in the morning sometimes. Yeah, Chuck, like three liters of water before coming here. I don't have to piss real quick. Oh. Yeah. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Yeah. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Alright. To do a pull down, progristicic blow-row. Now I'm doing a higher elbow-sflared row. This is kind of mid-trap, rear-del combo. Somewhere my upper back. But I'm just trying to hit him all right now. I'm going to love this machine right here. Here's the thing on these. If you have long ass arm, you have to make sure the machine is like push back your muscles. It should be really hard to reach and start the first rep. But when you get going and actually let you have a 4-inch motion, a lot of people like are too long for the machine and the like click. Then the like the way it will touch the bottom and then the lower the range of motion. Top that and then you're missing part of the rep. So make it long. Trust that shit out. You'll be skinny bitch. What are these days? You want to use videos? Probably like that. I moved that early morning, worked at a hardcore grind and I'm finished my first head, passed it on the ground. I played light at the foot, drink your water chips, I enjoyed it. Alright, we just have chest supported neutral grip. Roll with that. Typically you guys see me do this over hand, bro. But I just did that over there on the right machine. So I'm going to do more of a low, rat, low rat, low, lat, bro. Can you make your neutral? Try to pull backwards. Help us up. Get your chin. Get of your chin. Fuck how bad you are. ric slippers. Okay, let's rub your legs, alright? Let's have a drink. Can you hear them going? Pepa. Alright, I'm finishing off the back day with some pullovers. I keep thinking I need to be more volume, but like you guys saw that last chest edge it was barn. First of all, sorry for being so weak, that was very big. But my chest is still sore, it's fucking. I was like, three, four days ago or something, and I feel like I got fucking like, be with the batter with the chest. So, it's probably not optimal right now. But I'm just trying to push chest. No more training like a little bit. I'm still pushing, weight, tracking my weight, trying to get stronger every single week. I remember I'm like, shit, I'm kind of picking one lift for thing, like yesterday. At a shoulder press, 100 pound dumbbells, for 12 reps or two sets. Next week, I'm going to go to 105 or 110, try and beat up. If you'd like to have three single legs, four legs, four plates, I'm going to edit it for 14 reps and then we try and do it for like 18, and then we try to do it for like a little bit. So, just slowly increasing my strength over time, trying to get bigger again. We're going to be in Texas in a week, for going to be in Dallas, and Connie's going to fucking gross me. I'm glad, I'm glad, I'm glad he's not there. Because, how do you, which would be laughing at the entire time? Especially now that he's fucking miserable, and he has, you know, you see any real stick, but it is what it is. So, wrap up this workout, we're going to do a photo shoot at a school. A little mental mental mental mental, so, we'll be fine. Maybe I'll try and seal Calvin's camera and fill some beef. Yes, or something? And you guys will see a real glad coming out of that, because that's Mr. Calvin, in Zach and Grant's job, make raw, exciting, fun, beautiful brand. So, stay tuned. Alright, it's a wrap on today's back workout. That's K-shirt, spelt, slung sleeve, and a jacket, dropping next Friday. Every 24-something thing. Falls even finished this, we're going to be posting up and dropping for straight-tune for that. But for now, we got to get home each hour. We get the fuck out of here because we're slow and moving. I'm slow moving in the morning. We're going to head over the office, to work done, and then I'll show you guys some BTS of the Photoshop for doing it in the school. And now, there's a really cool concept that guys came up with. Tell them to come up with, so, show you some of that. I'll see you guys later. Ready for your acting debut? No, I'm already off. We're going to have to start speaking. I don't like being a fan of crowds. I'm only used to what I'm in my underwear. But we have to speak. It's capable. We're just... So just have to really talk to people here. I'm really just not talking about it. You know what? To grant you all the other ways. Chase, can you move that? Nadlight in a little more on this side? Yeah. Where you want to go? I'm going like this. Staying over that. Yeah, I'm staying all the way back here. And... You know... I'm so nervous. I'm so nervous. I know it's a lot to laugh. I'm going to laugh. Alright, what's going on in class? Today, I'm going to be teaching guys how to be a badge. The formula consists of one student, four feet, one full pump RTV, and ten pills of your group of VVs. And the pills... ...to take your go from any bitch to a badge. Perfect. Kevin, talk to him a few seconds over. What? A good? I think everyone's getting kind of comfortable now. So now we just got to... ...make it a little bit more extra cringe. What do you think? Yeah. Extra cringe? I think extra cringe. Yeah. We're going to go extra cringe. So this is how you build your acting like portfolio here. Here at Raw, we do everything. We clean the rooms and we do acting. So... That's how it is. It's built. Alright. And then you just have to walk this way. The same way that you're walking. There you go. Go. Kevin. Kevin. Kevin. Good. Good. Good. Good. Shut up. You're not in the mood. Get out of here. Bye-bye. Alright. So, that's a wrap on the day folks. A little behind the scenes about it takes a... ...put together when it's all adds that you see. The Calvin and the team put together. A little fun. Well over that's me, we're gonna start acting Chris. My answer is, fuck no. If you saw any of that, now you know why? I'm awkward and I hate it and I can just, I just practice just not in my blood. I mean, I can be on the stage but not talking and not like having a script but just, I can't do it. Not for me. So you will not be seeing me on the big screen. Unless I have like a salmon roll or I can't shot in the head and I'd die really quick. Probably else you can have a fat. I mean, this go home, go to the bad. Be able to sing but working out in the morning like I told you I could go home now and relax. So you're hanging with the prop, poppy, and corneve. And have a good Friday night. So you get to watch him. See you in the next one.