Look at that. You're gonna eat it in real life. You got my blue leg glasses on. That's very cool. Come on! Come on Chris! Come on! Come on! We told him to let me in two pounds. Come on! Come on! Come on! What is up YouTube? Welcome to full day of eating 2.4 weeks out of this show. I think under 250 pounds of that. So we're only gonna get spot definitely gonna make way over 2 weeks loose. Like 8 pounds of so easy. I've done much worse in the past. So I'm gonna be taking you through everything you're eating right now. I had this point and I think it's cool because last year, to get the conditioning I am. I was eating a lot less. So I'll show you guys a little pull up what I ate last week. I think it's 15,600 calories around now. And then we'll see what I'm eating today. Because I haven't fully calculated. It gives hearty tip, but it's by carbs and fats from carbs and fats or so. So we're gonna get to it. But give me some oats. I'm very into sight of a slavery right now. So I'm gonna make some house scoop of cooking cream. I have this to put in a lot of cooking. I'll let my cooking just, you know, life gets boring and cook. Yeah, I switched things up. Cooking it on so it's up. It's the best way to do it. So we get 80 grams of coconut in the morning. It's a pretty hefty amount for me. And the past is going down to like 40, 50, ish, so I'm not complaining about this. I still am perfected the art of cooking these things. I've got my own, because I like chewy oats of minimal water. And corn is a clean and cooking those. But in prep I want more volumes. I add more water. So hopefully I don't fuck this up with the videos. I've literally thrown oats at twice in a row before in the garbage. Because I'm not wasting calories on shitty oats in prep. Sorry, brin, that's the wrong brinner. Turn the wrong brinner on every morning. So I'm gonna let that heat up a little bit. When it's a little bit warm, I'm gonna add the protein in and then mix it up. Lower the heat. I keep mixing it, I hope, putting it flush up a little bit. And then I'm gonna cook my eggs when they're lost already, because they don't want my eggs to get cold. So first I'm gonna make my little drink and caution. And I'll show you guys just what that is. She could be able to boil that by the way. I'm gonna have one. Alright, so this is far from me setting, but just for a little bit of a gut and digestion health. I just do one scoop of glutamine every morning. They support this in my pancakes or shake, but I don't want to put it in my stomach. And we can't agree. Next I do a quote from T-Spoon of Silly and Whole Husk Fiber. So I'll probably be able to find a fridge just to help me move stuff along. Go to the bathroom every single day. I'll be getting some rest of it. I'll straight out, I'll say this. We have a Revive Fiber and it tastes absolutely amazing. But I'm trying to avoid excess sweetenery right now, and there's a little bit of sweetenery in the case of taste. So good. This is a flavor that tastes like as in super grainy. It's kind of obviously disgusting. But I did what it is right now. And then I do a scoop of batain. This can help with inflammation market if you have blood work done in your home assistine as I. This is something that can help with that. So it's just literal pure batain and hydros. And that's pretty much the extent of that. So I'm going to mix this up with the spoon. I don't know if you can see. See how grainy that is? That's why this fiber is nasty, but not blend it away. Don't put it in shakes or you can just peel. Sure, this is not dirt. I just be dirt, but I grandma said dirt is good for the immune system. I'm taking fiber going to shoot drinking on a lot of water. Otherwise it can have a wrong effect. It's like constipated. But I'm going to like two gallons. Plus the water is there in that. I'm getting so if you're adding more fiber, you're diving. So you're drinking a lot of water too. This is eating up. No. This is going to be getting there for a little kick, you know. This is both that we different. I used to get obsessed with chocolate oats in the morning. I love this year. I'm loving it. Even my ice creams that I would make in later in the day. I'm going to even love this. Maybe I'm not cheering to a boring, good vanilla adult. It's a little bit twisted or full-danned. Alright, well that's getting cooked. Now it's our day. We're going to sit in the spray. We're going to hard-core. It's up there. Don't do. I should have filled the board at portion. Thank you a bit of a lot. I'll see if it works out. Wait. 250-250 grams of egg whites. Beautiful. I'm going to keep messing with this up. This is a boring part. You've got to wait. There's a lot of scraps. I don't know. I'm having the right amount of cooking spray. Damn, I almost broke that. That yolk though. Rookie pan. Beautiful yolk. Take what you can get. You should get a hex-clad plan. A what? Hex-clad plan. Corn cheese is the order of DC of jam. Buckingle you're ice cream. Sure. I don't even know how much pan this is. So see if it's all there need to be there. There's a lot of hex-clad for my place. I'm never going to let it go. The Gordon Ramsay uses them. The other commercial for God from Steel. Panes. Now. I got hooked in the buying one. They were the worst thing it'd ever bought. Last at a week. They'll look at infomercial back in the day. Oh. It doesn't matter. It's good. I like the fucking, uh, I like with the flex seal kind of stuff. Yeah. X-clad sand is depends. Follow me. X-clad. There. Alright. So here's the final touch. I've been thinking about you in my last video. I'm actually measuring my sodium. Last year I should have been. I've got sodium to early. I wasn't sure how much I was eating. I wasn't tracking properly. So this year, not making that same mistake. And in the morning, I do two-eighths of a teaspoon on breakfast. And then every other meal is the one-aest of a teaspoon. But this plus I get a little bit from my master's or pre-workout or other stuff. And if I take the absolute minute. So I'm at least being consistent right now. I'm not going to get the five-to-tapeer down, take it out, make way. When we pull carbs, whatever it may be, we know just what to do. So there you have it. Beautiful breakfast. Don't make that good. I mean, may you want you to calculate it? We'll be able to talk into there. Alright. So beautiful. Not so beautiful, but every can say to you right now. I thought I'd brought up 590 calories from this. Don't ask me the macros because I don't know. But there's 22 plus 53 grams of protein from protein sources, not including notes. And that's breakfast. If I have one of your 90s, pretty good. I'm hungry. So many. Alright, so, meal. Number two. Full weight. I'll try to lie down. Didn't fall asleep. Very tired. It's not like cool last night. But I can eat some weight fish right now, so life is beautiful. This meal consists of, we got in a calorie. I don't know where it is. I'm going to watch. Beautiful new forks. This meal consists of 200 grams of fresh, athletic cod. I don't need to laugh you. That's bad for you. That's bad for you. It's not optimal fish. Wow. It's how much it's left. 200. 200. 200. I'm going to do it today. So, 211 grams of fresh, athletic cod. And then I have 150 grams of rice. A lot of people in my last video. I'm really really asking what sushi maker is. It's called or sushi cheese rice maker. It's called Zoji Rushi. I got it on Amazon, but it stays hot like this. I feel like it's more like Asian culture to keep your eyes out warm all the time, which is like great. They've been laying actually put me on another thing. It's pretty much just thrown in their head start. And the stays warm for ever and until you have lawns. The stays warm for. So I keep it in there sometimes for like four days. I've been using it all year and I haven't died yet. So it is what it is. We got 150 grams of white rice. And then I insacrited a bunch of shredded lettuce. Two shredded lettuce gets you shredded. But it's had the coming yet. We got a bunch of asparagus here. Sprinkle that on top. I think crispy because crispy vegetables are a go-gosh bowl. I'm not like a half cooked, I'll dark taste. A vegetable kind of guy. I like my shit crispy. I like it. A little black. I'm not too black, so I'm not getting too many care synergians. And then the really appetizing looking meal. Yeah. I've delicious. It's like you just put grass in there. Maybe I did. Maybe I did. Keep that up. And while that is heating up, I will let you get another calories because I'm doing that this time. Alright, so that meal comes to 350 heat calories. From the cod, I'm getting approximately 35 40 grams of protein. Rice is coming out to about 43 grams of carbs from that bad boy. And that's a little baby meal to say the absolute least. 12. 54. I'm going to make it. That's going to make it. Alright, so we're just looking at the trash, but you'd be surprised how good this cod actually tastes. And we're going to bring the most shredded lettuce on there for a little bit of volume. But we're now, we'll stick with some suracha because one of the go tournaments that we've ever made. There you have it. meal number two. Shredded with your luncheon. Delicious. Alright, here we go. The world's boring full day of eating around 100. Meal number three. It's going to be my pre-workout meal. Sadly, it's the kind of failed on me and they had no shredded lettuce. So I had to shud my own lettuce. This head of iceberg lettuce. I think that is, I don't even know. But the growth like done me. She said, there's no shredded lettuce, so you're not going to get shredded grow. And it's like cool growth. Gotta get shredded. So, that's what we got. I said, but I have 175 grams of rice this time pre-workout. It's a tiny bit more than my last meal. And then I'm having turkey out of the hook. Turkey, or chicken breast. This meal. Turkey is absolutely not an oven, but it's 90% lean. 2% fat turkey. I guess I could be getting 99%. But I'm not that hardcore. I don't want it to be bad, try. It's at 180 grams turkey. And then zucchini. So the zucchini is like the most easily digestible, low calories. Vegetables. That would never made. So, on my go-to's turn is proud. Especially before the gym. I know that just turkey isn't even easy to do. It doesn't fish. Rice is nothing. It's a lot of stuff. It's a good thing. So I go to the gym and my stomach feels empty. It feels good. It gets when you're bad, bad digestion. It feels good. You're just like your energy low. It's not good. It's no one else. So I'm going to eat this up. I'm not sure to let it in. And then pull a salt time. And then a little mustard. Get some ginger. There you have it. Beautiful. And a little shits crunch. You know, this comes at about 420 calories. It's always sad when you're a meal for me to identify when the calories are pretty much all the way to the side. So, can we get to put this down? You can have to eat it in the meat. So if we work out, try to wake my ass up with a gym. I'll change the arms. And then I'll see you guys for both work out. Shake or meal number four. I think how I feel about the gym. I'm going to create your own trade. Let us see what you're shooting. Maybe that's the model for this year. This is due to everything on your own. Do you have anything on your own? Trust me, I don't want to rely on no one. Yeah. Maybe next year for prep, instead of getting ground rice and bison, you can just go hunt for it. And then it's in and stuff. And end to lap again. Or sorry, caught. Go on there. Spear fishing. Go on there. Go on there. Go on there. You should reach out to Steve Renell and see if you'll club. Netflix club. We're going to cancel it by set of the orders. It's a big camera name, just. You don't have to figure it. I don't know. I just know Steve Renell because I'm the meat eater on Netflix. Yeah, you'll probably get canceled. Sorry. You can use a spatula, right? Oh, because the book's on one other time. It should both sides take place. These chopsticks. Oh, I want to just do enough. Can you just scratch the pan? I'm not touching the pan. Start any attorney, really. I'll take a nurture and scale test for sure. All right, postwork it, meal. Same bullshit. No, let's value a real board here. I got 180 grams of ground turkey. We got some shredded lettuce by shredded by your street. I got some zucchini fried up and 150 grams white sweet Jasmine rice. And then mix up some saracha and some mustard to make some spicy mustard. And crush that down. Some made dude want to point it though. And some random tips that I've been doing a little bit. Very tiny little differences that've been doing this year though that help. That honey kind of like just like, you know, I'm going to use little zero point one percent extra on so that they add up to another percent or two breakfast. You saw I was typically well, you might cardio, maybe stretch, maybe chill, maybe shower, do all this stuff in the knee breakfast. Now it's like I get off the treadmill, I come in and I eat breakfast, so we eat as soon as possible. Because I don't want to be in the word again. Can a ballic? Can a ballic for that long. And I want to just get my metabolism going, get my digestion going early in the morning so that my meals are spread out as possible. And then I can eat my meals earlier in the day and then spread my meals out. Also, postwork instead of having a shake in the postponing my meal and not having any carbs. I've been having my last carb meal immediately after a train. Put a come home and just have this meal. No shower again. Eat it really quick. And then I go shower and then I have my shake afterwards and just getting the carbs in postwork. I'll have my body utilizing a little bit better when I need them. And you know, tiny little things that just allow my meals to be spread out more. More whereas I've mentioned before in the past so you see all my meals in like a seven hour period in the day. My metabolism may get to slow down. My energy was a lot worse and I mean calculated at the end of the day now, but I think I'm eating around 0.1 2200 calories at the moment. And last year when I was in this condition was lighter and I was eating like 1600 calories. So 500 calories is a big difference. That's like 25% or something which is a fucking lot. So and you know, I noticed that I feel that I'm exhausted but I'm just a little bit better and you know a little bit more food is just always a good thing. More you can eat while getting lean is the best for a bodybuilder. Because you mean you have more muscle, you're utilizing it better and everything's just running a little bit more optimally. So these are the tiny little things just kind of like adding point one percent point one percent point one percent. And if you do enough of them, you gain a percent and you're that much better. And when you're at you won't be level. All of us are fucking the best of the best of what we do so we got to kind of inch forward and everything away we can. So that's about that though. So I'm hungry and we need this so see you for the next meal. I'll see you. So I'm just going to do my first time trying this to this extent of the planning you could sit but just just finished that last meal. So I'm going to make my shape into like a little ice cream thing and then I'm going to put it in the freezer and leave it in there for like a little bit. Probably going to forget about it and I'm probably going to put it in the freezer and probably be too hard and probably not going to really eat it. But I'm going to try and remember to stir it and see if I can make it like a little bit more of a frozen ice cream of salt. So ice from the fridge water once the glue to mean that again I had that morning and night and then sent me crunched cereal. I don't know what going on with this protein but this is my favorite flavor for this protein to drink as like a smoothie or ice cream just with water. Very delicious. So I haven't even tried it and I was actually what I just been having it in my ice cream since I was 20 years. I love CVS. My love CVS? Yeah, but I'm trying to try not to have too much. You should make like a root beer flow. I try not to have too much artificial sugar in that. Boating what I can. Water and pre-work it and protein. And I always put too little water in and it's not in the blend. I'm literally sounds like fucking soft blade table. So I'm not a glass of beer, I'm going to do it in this way. So I've shared it to the new table that the thing actually broke for me doing that. Because in New Norwich because it's working side and I broke and then I put it in my drawer for like a month and I took it back here on a kept working. So I'll take this little too much water and I'll blend it up to easily. That's pretty good. Now I'm sitting in the freezer. I'll see you guys in an hour. Look at that. That's frosty level, shit. Frosty. Hey, southern guy in your frosty in fries. I'm not. You're good. I actually am so annoyed that you're just like playing this part that you wouldn't love that because like you... Dude, that's... You were someone who eats weird shit all the way. Yeah, but that's just, I don't know, I just can't. You're gonna eat it in real life. This is a final product of the shake. Top it's a little frozen, little bite. Almost like real ice cream. And that's that. I'm gonna put this down. I'm gonna glue like glasses on until it really cool. We're gonna wash your show and protect the eyes before bed so I can rest. Sleep easy because by the vacuum. Very big. Yeah, I'm gonna wrap it. But yeah. We're gonna watch 1883. We're gonna relive our reddit since the production day through this TV show. And see you guys from my last meal. Welcome to the final meal of the day. I can't even say the saddest thing you'll ever see. That's not that bad. It's not depressing. It's pretty good. It's pretty good. Pretty bad. It can launch a bell size. That's pretty good. But it's 180 grams of turkey combined of chicken because I didn't have enough of eye to show. So I mixed what I had left with the fridge. Little bit of zucchini. That's all she wrote. So this is a new mirror out of, I'm just saying it's full day eating 2.5. But we can say what we want to do. On the day's the way we made 16. It's 16. Fridge says 16's got to be 16. So get down to it. I don't know if my food didn't have to get lorries on this. But I wish I was slowly dropping. But I'll keep you guys in tune if it does. I'm hoping he doesn't. But I probably will just make way. I'm still like eight pounds over my lumerion now. So working on getting down there, very much in shape that we're going to need to be right now for two and a half years. But you know what we'd be leaner and again, I gotta make that way. So anyways, I'm going to go over what the macros are for this. I'm at this is a very approximate. I don't trust my fitness padlobs. That's what I'm going to track in. Total calories is 2,177 calories, 199 grams of carbs, and 18 grams of fat, 284 grams of protein. So nothing crazy, that's a wild. But nothing to jump done. So I'm going to eat this. I'm going to just show and probably pull a little mustard on this because it's all dry. Let's get me up. We're going to call a night. It's going to be a bed. We've got to do it all again. So thank you guys for watching. Catch you in the next one. Thank you.