What is up YouTube? Welcome to the long-awaited long requested. Pintilong since we've done one full day of video. Come on, come on, Chris! Come on, come on! We come on, let me in, Chris! Come on, Chris! Come on, Chris! Come on, Chris! We are officially five and a half weeks out of the Olympia and time to get shredded. So I'm going to be taking you through everything I'm eating in a day right now. Pretty consistent, so, but it's been all else since I've done it. So I can finally say these won't be as boring as typical, but yeah, I'm really hungry right now. That clock is wrong, it's actually 9.45, but I still normally like to eat at 9 so I'm just going to get to this. Breakfast consists of some oats, some eggs, and some protein, which I like to turn into a good old Seabumb protein pancakes. It's very delicious. But I have 90 grams of oats. I like to put them in a smaller, heated thing here, and then I blend them in and they become more like an old flour, and then they become pancakes better. So, first up. And then you take the bigger blender and then I put them eggs, egg whites, and the secret to good pump pancakes, pump it. It's worth a five or two. I just have to put it in. All right, so egg whites, I do... I'll be right there. There are two, two, ten, two, twenty grams, egg whites, egg whites, egg whites, I can hold a little bit over because it's literally 25 calories for 46 grams. And then I do one whole egg, chop that in there, and we're going to eat with the egg yolk. Really, organic thing? That yeast's great. Next up, by the way, protein, if you make these pancakes, turn your burners on to begin. We're going to get you on the hot, not cool when they start. They want to be like sizzling hot. You want to cook these fast, otherwise they dry out faster. I put in the eggs, and I put my oats in here, try not to spill the food you wear. Pressure's curves. I'm going to let the protein all day every day. I take the destroyed ones, so that you guys can get the beautiful bottles, I can lower as you take these ones. But always pick, it's safe best when they're vanilla flavor to my opinion. So, the two, scoop of bomb protein, you'd go to some of them. Okay, stand up right there. Okay, let's do a scoop of sun fiber. Don't ask what this shit is from Thorny. I'm going to help you poop. Do a scoop of glutamine. Okay, for the gut, keep your gut healthy, and your body will be healthy. Dash of extra vanilla flavoring, for deliciousness. And then some salt for a little extra. Flavor and some sodium games. I always do this in an infregette, so. I personally do 67 grams of pumpkin in there. There's like literally no calories in this. If you're like on a diet in your way, you can stuff out. You can stuff it to like five grams of oats. And it's a cool thing until like almost 40 grams of pumpkin, because it's just like fiber in there. But that's everything in here. I personally am weird. I rather thin pancakes and more volume. So I put a little bit of water in. Whist this just like a random amount of water. That makes a little thinner, but it also gives me more volume. So put it all together. One of the bits of making delicious pancakes. All right, so also I get really new pans that are being a prep in Throo Prep. So I sometimes don't even put cooking spray on here, so you don't even get extra fat from that. But you wait till these are nice and hot. You get a little bit of sizzle. You see, my pancake is thin and it's bucked, but. However, like if you don't add water, they won't be as thick. If you add more oats, it'll be more thick. All that good stuff. But no cooking spray has shake shreds. And I like the dash cinnamon on top of my pancake when they're in here. So I just kind of cover them all with some cinnamon for it. We'll like to flavor in deliciousness. Now, now you have it. It's a beautiful pancakes. I'll get you shredded. Oh, yeah. Well, this is the final product, but I also get some delicious almond butter. Sadly, I'm at the end, so I can't drizzle it, but I just kind of dohves them on there and spread it out after. But you're 20 grams of heavy and delicious almond butter. 19 close enough. That are also taste fired. Look, they're almost like fluffy even. Like a real pancake. They're not actually. They're like a real pancake, but the pumpkin at least makes it not dry as fuck so they're edible in decent. So, let's go back for a straight now. Favorite meal of days. We'll get some of you through my cardio. It gets me up in the morning. You know, it's about 40 minutes of cardio right now and I can just simply be in pancakes after. And life is beautiful. So, meal number one, full day beating. Number one, prep 20, 22. Welcome aboard. I don't see you guys from meal number two. All right, so we're here at the warehouse new office area. I don't know if I've shown you the where I have but the full day beatings, so if we do, I'll show you it was a little bit more done. Talvin's, I don't know where the fuck Calvin is. We actually have a wrap behind the camera right now. Fill in in. We're going to get copyright music because kids are tuning out here, but I want to heat up my meal, so we're going to have to the lawn trim and I'll tell you guys what I'm eating. It's my beautiful meal, very extravagant chicken, rice, and some green beans. Green beans always baked in the oven. I don't know why they taste way better like that. And that's it. I've been hardcore this year. Partly because of honey, he said that not allowed to have sauces on my meals. He always had like sugar free ketchup, ketchup is life, Willie salsa, all that shit. And that's no more. So I have a little bit of sarah, just sometimes some chalulus sauce, some yellow mustard. And sometimes some coconut amino, because I love to use stir fries and go for a minute. But when I'm at the office, he can go to a top word on the road. I should eat it fully plain. Just lightly salted on it. And that's literally all it is. So this meal is 180 grams of chicken breast, 200 grams of white rice, and then like a little bit of green beans. Sometimes I do broccoli. Sometimes I do nothing, just because I don't know how I'm feeling. Or shredded lettuce to get shredded because you guys know how it works. But he just up, he did up, and trying to get shredded. All right, so let's do that. I already explained what I mean. Nothing exciting. My next meal is the exact same. So I will see you for that meal. Meal them in three. I'll eat three meals before I train. This is just like my work office meal. Get me through the day. Next one is pre-workout. So I'll see you then. Next meal is about the water. Very crucial. Say hi to you. Don't be thirsty. Don't be a thirsty whole. Drink water. All right, so this is meal number three. This is my white fishy fish meal. Release fish and fish of the fishy fish. If you remember that call, you're in a real one. But meal number, this is the tip of my pre-workout, but today is my rest day. So I am not going to be working but I have the exact same diet, rest days, and training days. So this is 200 grams of white fish. I like to do haddock. This is haddock ricard. Coddy, we typically do haddock ricard because you can actually get wild cod, haddock ricard, whereas most other fish are farmed. But she's sloppy. It's just no good, so don't eat that shit. Wild cod fish if you can. It's not, you know, you'll survive by dry. And so I have this, and then I fry it on the pan, and I have a little bit of rice. That's all she wrote. You want to go to the spray bay and that's how you realize it was closed there. That's what I'm going to spray. I'm going to try it. All right, so finish it off with some beautiful shredded lettuce in order to get shredded. Just so that's volume, taste good, crunched, beautiful. That's some broccoli, 200 grams of white rice, which is the 64 grams of carbs, for those that love their macros, 200 grams of white fish, right around the low end to 40 grams of protein or so. So this is a little bit of coconut and coconut amino, on there, fried up, and actually taste really good. You know, over-pick your fish, taste great. So number three, typically, we've proved workout like I said, not trained today, but I'm doing so, call you in here. Sono, rest, maybe stretch your back, let's show, instead of working out and then I'll see you guys for my shake or my number four. Oh, yeah. This is fucking even gum. I know the hurricane. Don't even Calvin. That box is your right amount of fucking face. Wow, that's a fast language. Let's say your dad probably won't hang out with you, but it's okay. You can go for 10. Make him hang out with you. Right, babe? Sure. We're getting some of the diet in the hurricane. Yeah. We're taking Ron Powski. We're fucking flirting now. I go to fucking public sound of street and it's fucking close because there's little rain and a little fucking window there. Pussy shit. Can you tell what that word? Whatever. You can't film me today, Calvin. I have no shame in the minute. I don't like you guys, but like this is not the vibe. Make the vibe. What if open up your vibe? Open up your vibe. Open up your vibe. Chris, don't even look like a little rat girl. You are a little rat girl. You call me a rat girl. What a fucking permanent description. Sorry, I'm leaving the apartment. I think I've been drinking coffee the vacuuming. You ever feel like you bounce around like back a lot? Yeah, it's not that too. But maybe as I have too much focus. Too much focus on too many things. Chris, who's a clear workout sack you could have worn mine? The court is. We're flared. Super creamy. We all know that. That's the best way to do it is. You want to pump a tense focus and it's saying energy. You should stack raw pre from raw thabbage. Bifes go to the beach. You don't talk about being a playman? What am I supposed to do to tell? Can you really beat that flavor? It's one of the goat flavors of all time in my opinion. It just tastes so good. Like a slushy popsicle combined into heaven. Probably should release it in summer not in literal winter but like better release than never in now. No real Canadian seed ice cream still on the winter. All right so meal number four. Typically I would have a shake right now but I was in the cold tub and I was too cold to have something cold so I wanted something more. So I put on a sweater and I made some potatoes and this is 350 grams of raw weight potato. I weigh most of the cook but my potato you never know how much you're going to shrink in everything fishing and air fryer so I weigh all my potato raw and having air fryer the life saver could you just cook it like 20 minutes super quick. 350 grams of raw weight potato which was 56 grams of carbs and then another 200 grams of white fish. So the way honey operates was all the stuff is he calculates the carbs from direct carbs or it's the protein from direct protein sources and the fats from wherever the fats are coming from. But mainly focusing on the protein and the carbs and subtracting stuff along from there. So we're not counting the protein that you get from like oats and the little bits and rice and everything. So this is typically my post-workout meal very delicious. I've heard somewhere that if you take your potatoes, cook them and cool down and then cook them again or re-heat them. The actually lowers glycemic index and it's less likely the spike could bud sugar. So I try to do that when I have to have to do it but normally I just take them to the air fryer and they taste better like that so I'm not perfect but it's meal number four but this down probably shaking and then last meal and hit the bed. Warm it up enough for a shake. I was going to make it into not this but I want to enjoy some ice cream so I'm going to blend up the protein which I'll drop the whole thing on my ground. Alright so typically like I said this is my post-workout shake but I'm resting today but even on rest days you gotta hit that protein goal especially on rest days almost because the rest days therefore recovery not just for nothingness so I'm making sure it's still getting all my protein and sometimes I think I'll get to the point where I'll have like a low day a low carb day on my rest days but we are not quite there yet so a two-skill was a protein I filled up like a good amount of ice and some water if you're not on prepping do this with almond milk or some kind of nuts. We're not there you're not gonna believe they're in milk then it blows up a lot smoother but getting up in a shake 50g of the protein and trying to do some delicious things here. The moment of truth every time TL worked out that's a good texture right there. Kind of like a icy from Wendy's and I see's from Wendy's dip with your fries and no you fast is. Frosty what did I say? I see. I see frosty. Frosty dip in your fries and then maybe give you what the fuck you joking. That's disgusting. No. Bro the people are gonna roast you in the comments right now for never doing that. I can't do something she burger dip a bacon either. That's not too much. You would actually love fried dip in it so good. Let's call these three colors. Yeah amazing. Anyways this is my shake typically. I feel my period of typically I do right out the gym. We have like a protein layer and I know what guy who owns a company. I typically feel protein from back there and I have it on my drive home but make an excuse tonight. It's really good. Not for life. All right we're gonna watch power. It's 50cm got it a jail and you're about to pluck some bitches up so we're gonna put on TV watching power and then I will see you guys in a little bit for my final meals of the day. So this is the final meal of the day by one fat protein source. I guess to call I either have beef or salmon tip for having a lot of salmon lately. It should get the only good to be nice and healthy before bed but I like to chop it up like this for putting it in the microwave. One bite cold one not but I think I find it dry the salmon out a little bit less when you're re-cooking it so chop it up and then I have some green beads in the air fire. That nice and burnt. Very veggies are the best veggies. Also every night my array my array of a lot of supplements and I have a nice medium every night. I'm gonna help you relax it make help you with the bathroom, you stress and all the good stuff. I'm just just a great dinner. We'll have you in body so it's up and some of this and it tastes good. Orange flavor and this is sweet and misceded so just day off natural. I'm gonna have a little bit of green beans. Okay I bet you have choice. So make an easier for my wife, you just go to your mom and that's it for the day. So there was a new day occurring and it's around. I'm probably calculated maybe I'll have come and put it in after I can't click but it's just under 3,000 calories and I just cut this meal so it's eating the exact same thing but this meal had another 350 grams of potato with this final meal I keep saying the way it feels. It's late but we just cut all that out. I like to personally cut my carbs out of my final meal. If I'm gonna cut them out of any meals for the day you go to bed after you hungry whatever you're just going to sleep and you know having the empty stomach going to bed sometimes kind of nice. So I'm gonna get this down, wake up and repeat the exact same thing again and again and again. How many days, babe? 38. 38? Yeah. Holy shit. That's about 47. Wow let's get even just a small number. This is on the fridge so groundhoged it, same thing over and over again but let's food more and more. More and more cardio so joys beat the day. That's it. I guess we're watching see you in the next video and in the next full day video. Please be alone. God. It's a hell of a hell of a...