Alright, what's going on guys? Just kidding. What is up YouTube? I'm the throughout how YouTube has been so long. But we're here at Sam Cup. I'm gonna be running you guys through a bit of a grocery haul. I'm slowly starting to work out again, but not really full training because I'm so not supposed to train because of my hair. But still trying to get my diet on plan. I've been slacking on meals a lot, so I'm gonna do a little grocery haul. I'm also not a diet, so I like getting some snacks and some good stuff and there's some great snacks here. So when you run into you guys through everything I'm buying right now, last trip before the holidays, and then really gonna lock in my diet afterwards, and I'll do another grocery haul that. So let's get to it. Alright, where are we start? Next was for Courtney. She'll get her a nice, old-hand, or they have a soft she'll watch it soon. I don't know if I should avoid this snack aisle or go through this snack aisle because I have no self-control right now for food, but we're gonna head straight back to the meat aisle and stock up up for breakfast. Alright, so I love sandwiches, so turkey breasts is the goat that goes on it. The fat box is the turkey breast. I'm gonna roast the turkey breast. I don't eat these a lot, but I just love sandwiches, so I have probably one every other day at least, and I stuff it full of meat, so this will last me like a week, maybe. We've got a tired of eating lean meat after prep obviously, so I'm actually been, I don't like eating a lot of red meat consistently, like multiple meals a day, so I've won, but I have been eating a lot of salmon, so I'll have salmon like one through twice a day right now, taste absolutely delicious, so Atlantic salmon is the way to go to. Let go. Two fresh fats, we'll make a threes, one of the goats fats that you can eat, so eat a lot of salmon. By the end, as been the go-to ground meat, I'll get like sticks and then bison. I actually kind of like the flavor more than ground beef, and because it's more of a wild game animal, not actually wild anymore because we live in American 20th century, but they're less likely to be farmed full of drugs, all that kind of shit, so I stick with bison lately. Two dollars is $68, two sixty eight of pounds, the hell if we could price for chicken. But unless the chicken breast can't beat some chicken breast, and Corny has a master of frying them up, the go-to-me-no's now, so I actually been enjoying that. Chicken and rice meals always a fresh go-to. Alright, go, they only have one of these left, the USDA Prime, beef, tenderloin, aka filet minuel. This is my go-to cut-of-stick. Some people are like, it doesn't have enough flavor, but I don't know, I love it. Little barley and then some, and to me taste amazing, it cooks taste even tender, so it's always my go-to steak. A little bit bougie, but I like it. Alright, the bag of chopped kale. I don't use it for salads, and I do not use the poppy seed dressing that's inside it, but if you fry this up a little bit, either on the stove or in the oven, it's like some olive oil coconut oil on it, fried in a little bit, gets crispy thrown and chicken and rice oil tastes amazing. So, try it out. Alright, I don't know if this is typical in Florida, they have these year-round probably because it's Florida and they're the orange juice state, but Canada, we only get these around Christmas, I mean, it's a little bit of a time, these baby. There's another word that you could call them. I can't remember. If you remember my sweeties, they were coming. They were something else. But I love these and they're nostalgic at how I'll bring like four or five to work with me every day, and they just taste great, and I enjoy them. So, plus why do you mean see? What I need to do is nostalgia, I don't even know how to drink that one. I was going to give you a piece of that. I'm not fit in through here. Alright, this is my treat of choice. People are like, what's your favorite treat and never have an answer, but recently I have been absolutely enjoying chicken strips, aka chicken nuggets. But when you buy the ones that are called chicken strips, we're usually a little bit more bougie, and then they're breaded a little bit like lighter and crispier, delicious. So this was like a honey mustard, honey mustard mixed with like mayo or ketchup mixed with like the raw chan, dip them in there, fire dip, so I'll be enjoying that. Sweet potato, chop these up, skin them, chop them up, and now that I'm not dieting, cover the shit out of them with coconut oil. For some reason coconut oil will make some of the most crispy. Either a spray or you can melt coconut oil and drizzle it on top. Put them in the oven on like three, 15, set of 400, and they actually get crispy. I burn them a little bit. Just to get as we would say to fries, and they're not deep fried. So, another go-to. That's really a good idea. That's kind of cool. You can actually pretty fire them, stock them at home. Who actually is? Are you a user? Yes. I am too. Are you awesome? Very cool. Yeah. It's my normal thing, according to my groceries, but you know, sometimes I've got a stuff because she's pregnant, can't always leave the house. Ah, y'all? Not today. You have frozen, they passed the frozen vegetables. You look like a dude. You have fucking frozen vegetable medley. This is a lazy man's secret to chicken surfries, or any kind of surfries. I put him in the microwave for like a minute or two and I just throw him on the pan and let him get like a little bit crispy, and then I put my right thing to get in there. Taste fire. Delicious. Pizza bagels will be fire. I'm not gonna lie. See, if I was like actually working out and doing cardio from my allowed to, I'd be spoiling a little bit more on some snacks and treats, but I got my chicken nugget at least. It's trash. The place all that was about managing next to you. Maybe. Full eggs. I am absolutely over egg whites, so I'm making sure you know these are broken. That's what eating egg whites for fucking four months. I'm eating the yolk from no extra egg whites, so it's all I'm getting. Literally debating in my mind right now if I'm out of you, I probably won't stop just gonna leave it. I'm gonna pretend I'm being that healthy right now. You could definitely go for some raised strength. So it won't walk by that fast. Single ingredient. All that actually two. All mint and salt. I always try to make sure that the next one added oil to this. There's only $7 for a giant tub of lime, but it's actually a great place. I'm off complaining. I'm trying to little shit about my toast in the morning. This is Calvary. It's toast. It's not something you need to tell her when you're at my house and prep. It's still. Figured. Why did you say, oh, this is your life's wife? Well, like I said, it's pretty straight. It's a little bit more like breast-room. I don't think so though. I don't think breast-room is quite expensive stuff here. I think that's America. I feel like becoming a dad. I'm gonna have to start liking stuff like all those black-loak ration. I don't know if I'm ready for that. All dads like those black-loak ration in the root beer. I'm sorry I'm actually like a root beer, so maybe it's coming along, but all those and black-loak ration is just not for me. All right, that's the third thing. No. We're making a better version of that for a month. I mean, that was not quite insured. All insured is sucking sugar with it, pretending it looks just a meal. They probably are better than that. That's with my grandma used to drink it, but they taste fire, but we're making a better raw to do so. Coming soon in the new year. This is always super cool to see. And we've come here three times. At one time, they had everything in stock. And this is the second time that there's one pre-workout left. All the creatines gone. So a bunch of protein, but we have extra protein anyways. So pretty cool. Coming in a grocery store like Sam's, not the Zings on the shelf. And especially seeing a lot of the sold out. So I knew you guys had our here at Sam's, but I appreciate you guys for some of that. And if not, take us some damn crazy prices. So be sure to check it out. It's wide, man. I'm fine. Good, dried mango. Very elderly snack to like to. Look at these. Pickled pasties. I had one of those here. That sounds disgusting. Do you have any popcorn here? There you go. Yeah, the variety pack. All right, I needed a snack. If you ask me what I wanted to get as a snack, it would be these. I'm gonna actually have these ones that peanut butter filled press with our fire. But these are like my little lover snack. When I go on trips every time I see them, the airport I buy them. There are a lot cheaper to buy them at the store. So find a box of those and they're actually low calorie. So I'm still working on not getting fat. The bulk will be coming in the new year. I think that's everything. I'm leaving in like six days for Chicago and Canada. So I'm running everyone's way right now. I'm feeling like I'm having anxiety, we're never on staring at us. So I'm going to walk out of the hallway. But yeah, I'm leaving like six days. So I think this will definitely hold me over. If worst case, I can just leave on chicken nuggets for the last couple of days I'm here. And then nothing's talking about fridge over Christmas. So I'm gonna check out and go home and see you guys there. I guess. Can you everything we're saying? It's an empty sack. It's about the full sack. Oh! Let me look back at how? I'm really ugly at it. I think it looks so weird. Oh. I need the raw credit card. Don't ask questions. It's probably every day at five. Are you coming home soon? No. We just started working. Well, I would like to go on. I'll take a Spider-Man or go to you on a pony. Probably the pink fits me better. What? The pink fits me better. Really? Yeah. If I want to Spider-Man. You got a mask with that, no, it's not a mask. Let's get number one. Those training wheels are not gonna hold as bad as this. You're gonna get booted at the start before we even get in there. Yeah, that's four wrapped there. I think that's a gen 2, the gen 3 up in here. All right, kids, everybody gets to pick one toy. We're giving away. This is qualified as a toy. We'll hatch it. You're too young for that. Put that back. Oh, this is pretty bad. I have to bring one of these. The massage gun. That's a good one. Big one. Big go bigger, go home. This is actually one of my favorite things. Building no things, though. Yeah. Had a track that was like six feet tall and a little full loop. Is that us? Which one? No, one actually looks like a little badass. Come back and shock them. Little balls. I'll get that too. Like Peli. As you can see, it's like a color gun. I'm gonna cut it like this and you could just come in here by whatever you want. A good life would be. What is that? I don't know. A little gel ball. It's like a BB. Yeah. That's what she did with that. Well, Charles, our little piece of nostalgia and every round. Look at my nail, like a little bit. That would. I don't want that. If we 500, 500, that would be great. Oh, or not? Not made out of money, kids. If you move it. I think definitely an iPad version of the computer. It's gonna be good. Yeah. From here. Yeah, could we get two pairs of AirPods in? Is it one of us a little rubber on them? Yeah. These are the third ones. These are the second ones. All right, you sold me. We'll get these. Okay. One of those. We'll get one of those. You have iPad too? Yeah. Grab an iPad. There you go. Apple watch. Apple watch. Get an Apple watch too. This Christmas, you know? Besides. Yes. Medium. I don't even know who's credit card this is. There's something in the car. I can't even count it on the ground. Right over here. Yeah, that's what it's gonna do. Look now. They got me. We add this to the order. How do you have that in your pocket bro? Yeah. Yeah. That's a great week. We're buying it for this guy. No, for me. I'm the child. All right, so we got a good old toy haul here. Got all I could shit in there buying whatever the hell I wanted under the raw credit card. So, God bless. But awesome stuff we're gonna be donating a bunch of it like I said. But we're also gonna be doing giveaway with a bunch of goodies. Gonna iPads and headphones, massage gun, bunch of cool stuff. So all you have to do when we make it super easy. We'll like this post. Follow it all you need and you get into it to win the giveaway. Just a little Christmas spirit. I'll be appreciate you guys. We love you guys. I'll be supporting. Good things coming for 2024. So stay tuned. Thank you guys. All right, so back in the gym right now. Not really officially starting to work out. I'm still not supposed to change for like another week. But I'm just gonna do a little bit of movement, train a little bit because when someone says take 30 days off what they really mean is 21, because they know you're not gonna listen to them. So 21 days back in the gym right now. And we're gonna be doing a little bit of a back workout for the next couple of weeks. I'm gonna do like four, three to four workouts a week. I think I'm gonna do like a push pull like South's, but just like ease back into it. It's fun to do some of that mobility stuff with the GBRS guys. It's like obliques my hips, my like joint inship, we're like sore. And you would think taking time off actually would help you feel better, but it makes you feel worse because I have a lot of muscle that was already tight in sore and not moving, sitting in desk, sleeping like this, everything just got more locked. So I have a lot of muscle that just got tighter because there was no movement to it. So by movement so important and while taking time off and then moving it all feels like shit. So I don't feel rested right now. I feel even more sore. But my body internally, my nervous system. I'm sure is rested more than I understand. So we're gonna ease back into training, do a little bit of back and buy today I guess, because that's what you would call a pull. And ease back into it. And then the new year when I'm back in like a week, I'm start really getting training a little bit more, got the transformation challenge coming up. The signups are gonna start probably on like January 1st for that. I'm gonna come back while you guys through how I'm eating, which is gonna be a little bit more fun, like sandwiches and our abshits and my basic ass bodybuilding prep, but still very consistent with my protein. Training, a little bit of cardio, stay in shape, not like good stuff. So I'm trying to get his workout in and then I guess this would be the last video until the new year. Dom sent me a DM yesterday because Bon posted a story training here. He's like, I bet you anything you're gonna have ham prints all over the mirror tomorrow morning. Bon? What? Bon? I just got the season's going to do it at Revive Gym. They're like, we need against? Oh, okay. Well, then maybe you're talking about you. He wasn't wrong. Damn. You're trying to get a little bit more freeway through it now, but it's so many machines and prep. But my body becomes fragile, I had a bunch of injuries like when I tore my lat. I had to avoid a lot of stuff, but I would like to be a little bit more stable and sturdy. So I'm gonna do now that I'm especially doing lightweight. Do some barbell rolls, pull ups, maybe some of those with training. Some of those rose DJ was doing. For the fact that he went up and grabbed a hundred pounds of one leg and just did that without warming up, I was actually impressed. I couldn't do that. So maybe I'll start with 80 today and then work my way up. It's cool when they're talking about one of his ways of training. He's like kind of warmed the body up, but not fully and he's just jumping into something. He's like, they have to be used to hiking for hours and then into combat. You know, you know, time to fucking stretch your hips and rotate our cuffs when you're... I've been acting. I've been acting. Imagine. I'm not gonna do that shit. I'll break them up. I'm still gonna warm my ass up and take my time. But it was cool hearing that. Yeah. Oh, shit. I'm eating a week you can get in six weeks, five weeks. Yeah. Hey guys. Good. Good. You have a mic. Oh yeah, looking at you. Oh, I'm not sure. What? Another day. You turn my mic off? No, I didn't turn it off. I'm not sure. Do all. How do you? Hi boys and girls. Welcome back to Chris Trading. Someone's calling. It's you guys. Take baby. Take girl. Take off a picture. Give me a day. Well, there you know, but we'll baby girl. Let's split with you times. You're a big thank you girl. I am, yeah. You're a good guy. Scary, but yeah. But the beginning will be great. Because I feel like she'll be my best friend. We'll team up against you. But teenage girls is terrifying. Literally no doubt. Yeah, I can each feel. I'm starting here. I'm going to hop back on trend for the first time. When she's like 14, get some more tattoos. Fucking shave my head. Ball girl. Beardow. Move DJ down. You might never. We're just going to fucking terrified. Anyone who just talked to her. I mean, we're a girl. Yeah. We're a girl dad. Yeah. It's getting quite a bit. I feel like a girl dad is like the best things to start with for me to like soften you up, you know. Yeah. After being a bodybuilder for 10 years, I've just fucking suppressed and compartmentalized everything. No more of that. I feel like I'm talking to you. Yeah. You're gonna be kidding. You always said, we're not fully injured. Well, that gets wild the girl, but you can't spoil boy. It's different. It's different. It's like you're gonna be upset with him. You have fuck. I put all this pain bomb on me. Like menthol CBD. Pain bomb because we're traveling today and I had to get in a headache. This shit fucking works. I'm like a lie. There's a few things I've taken of natural remedies that work. But I'm like frozen, sweating, burning down. Who's this hoodie with all this shit on? But it feels good. It relaxes my neck. I'm attention that I've homo headaches. It's actually helping a little bit. Not solving it. But it's helping. So, I might fucking be myself and menthol every single day. Now, it'll be like my new cologne. I don't have the quarter inch for this. I'm really happy. I feel like I can have four weeks of stability training and I'll be able to do a backflip on my snowboarding January. That works right? So this kind of thing, a pretty old как mate. I'm also a bit Annual in here. But I'm particularly fond of them, and that's fine. It's these tiny minor rails that I want. This got me another 80. Oh no, it's 90. But yeah, I'm not telling you. Understanding, I didn't know why exactly. Those are good other than stabilizing your core. But when you think of doing a rose, what I just felt in my mind, there's so much movement you can get from your hip and your leg and when you're bouncing like that, you have one leg up. If you let your hip rotate too much and you pull from that from the row, so the motions come with your hip rather than your back. This throws you off balance and you start to shake. You have to really focus on retracting, pull-chacked, and you're just going to pull it up and only roll it from your back. Keep everything else stable and just make sense, you know. So, not bad thing. Not the best bodybuilding thing because you can't load it as much. But definitely something you could get a good feel to get like a protected shoulders. Help with the move you're scapula. Alright, do some pull-ups. I want to get good at these. For some reason, I'm sure there's a biomechanic explanation for this, but pull down and don't translate the pull-ups at all. And they just want to get really proficient at doing pull-ups. So, I'm going to be pulling out pull-downs for a while. At least over-hand pull-downs to do it in their hand. Put in some pull-ups. You can only do like 10 right now. I'm like first set. So, goal is just to get more than that. But I don't know what I was saying. It feels more like a fluid natural motion. Just like my body can move my body around. And he's at the pull where it feels comfortable rather than a locked in position. So, we're trying to do right now because why the fuck not? Not to we feel the unbearable. You can try some new things. I stamina on these. Just about two or three reps. I'll only take a minute recovery set. Can't explode at the top. Explode to muscle-up. Drive your channel to the bar. Feel like you're a chef. Put your muscle-up? Probably. I'm gonna have a little bit of muscle-up. I'm going to go away. Why not? They'll know me there. You're tearing it to the muscle-grace? What is it this time? Amtering shoulder, lap, bicep. What's life without a challenge, right? Life is about the suffering. I felt really skinny fat. I felt really skinny fat. I worked out once. I got a little blood in my muscle. I felt my muscles were just tired and dormant. I didn't get that skinny yet. I just got to go to get my lose. A lot more muscle than this when I take time off. I'm going to at least stay here. Start building up from this spot. I'll be £300 right babe. Is this here? Yeah. Doing the open this year. I'm going to be bigger than Samson. Let's go. You said you wanted to do something. You tried to get a special debate. I don't know if you would play. She said it so gently as if I already didn't know that. I didn't use your credit and you liked to do things to what? So I'm like, what do you do with your face? Ooh. When did you cross it? Fuck you, I'd be okay with losing. I wouldn't even finish the first event. I wouldn't finish. I don't know what you did. I genuinely think that there would be more people watching this. I'll fucking care about it. How bad it would be? People who like the thing is I wouldn't even want that because it would be like a disrespect to people who tried so hard to get to the game. And then people are tuning in just to laugh at me. It's like devaluing their brain. Yeah, I hear it. So I'm going to train for it and then I'm going to win. Yeah, but like. It's like Matt Fraser going to the Olympia and competing against you. Yeah. People like the fuck's going to do me. But you destroy us on CrossFit. I'm not saying you need to do that. I think you could put you actually surprise yourself and you'd be better than you think. I would take 10 years of training and going back in time, 10 years in doing that, 10 years. Yeah. Like you could cross that or train that you like a body that was just too different. I would not do good at it. I would probably cross it. You might be like. Maybe when I'm like 35, I'll train for a year. Do one. Yeah. I would do the games. I could do like the local porcé and Lucy. Wad. Run around the parking lot and do some pull-ups. I should get you great. You got it. Even if you don't play. You just want to finish. Not a place. Do you want to eat a kid? I don't think we have the genics to get for a kid to go to the NFL story, buddy. He's like a big thing. There you go. I wouldn't stop him. I wouldn't look at an eight year boy and big. You're going to get brain injuries. You can't play football. He'd be like, what? And then we have a fucking kid walking around to help him to afraid of everything. No, he's going to try everything by himself. And he can learn from his homestakes. I don't think that's it. I'm not putting fear in his brain. I wouldn't be able to cross-fit because it couldn't stop training biceps. And I have really fragile biceps. So the tighter and stronger they get, the more likely they're going to tear. I wouldn't sacrifice them smaller. I'm just going to see some kip and pull-ups. It's not worth it. It's my snowboard training. Sorry, I should be doing off our mops like. I just hear her. It sounds just like that Velcro. I don't know if it's the Michael Paca. Let me just like Velcro. Alright, so that's a wrap on 20, 20, 3. See you guys later. Appreciate you guys. I feel like maybe I should do like a really recap selfie because I'm kind of fucking insane. You're not even going to remember what happened. I should do it for my own player. I don't remember what happened this year. But we're heading off to the airport. I'm going to Chicago today. Calms are going to trip too. We're going to pick this ship back up in the new year. So we're a Christmas. Happy holidays. See you soon. Where does he say, Quar? Hi, guys. Thanks for being the best ever. Love you all. See you in the new year. Bye.