Pastor Bird. Pastor Reed's no hormones. Your steroids. Good life for free not to get second hand series. Oh, my God! Come on! Come on, Chris! Come on, you're one in steel! Oh, come on, come on, you're one in steel! Come on, Chris! Come on, Chris! Come on, Chris! Conversely! I'm gonna be really late headed. What's up YouTube? Today, Chester is a Sunday, Courtney left to hand for E3 yesterday. We're traveling so much, I decided to stay back and just sleep recover. And every now and then I just need some more time to decompress. Come, take us a time I need for myself. So, I'm home alone this weekend, chilling, grinding, going better early in Chinese days. So, training Chester and pretty much all this going on. I'm talking the younger life, I said it's dropping. Probably maybe before our afters video comes out, probably before. So, you may miss it anyways. But Chester, we're trying to press some heavy dumbbells, warm up with her, it's fucked up, it's called Tecde. So, I can't see straight because I'm my head right now. But, get my chest warm and then we're gonna tune the tremles and heavyweight for that. Stay tuned. Alright, that's it for Pecdec. You three working sets drop the last one because it's again fatigue. I'm not trying to kill myself, so no supersets are drops, it's anything reset my work ethic. I want to focus on my power to push some dumbbells over there, so I'm gonna go there. Most have done this half-season 140, so gotta get 250, and then hopefully this year, I can request to buy some dumbbells over 150. Trying to get stronger than I was last year because we didn't have that opportunity, so, see if I can come and down to buy some big old dumbbells later. So, I'm gonna go there. I'm gonna go there. I'm getting absolutely shit sleep because my allergies are getting bad again. They just go up and down. And it really makes you realize how fucking important sleep is. Can I feel so weak fatigue that will cope with the headache? What's up on life? Fucking blowing my nose? I feel like out of my presence sleep is like the biggest, obvious, one youth seeker for getting it. So sleep. More. Alright. I'm gonna go there. I'm gonna go there. Alright. Yeah. We're gonna go there. If you want to go there, you just ask me about it. I think I'm going to go there. I think I'm going to be like, can I go there? I don't want to say anything. I'm going to go there. They're so early having it. I'm going to go there. I'm going to go there. I'm going to go there. I'm going to go there. I'm going to go there. I'm going to go there. Alright. Alright. So I just did two sets of inclined dumbbell because it was heavy. I'm trying not to overtake myself right now. Focus on getting some heavy combat wound at the beginning. I'm going to build my strength and move on to machine. Flex such. This is like one of my favorite machines. The flex lever is all piece. They actually converge a little bit. I'll obviously part of the function of the chest is to bring the elbow across the body. If you're pressing it here, it still hits your chest. But it's different. Deeper type of contraction when you actually come across in converge. So you know it's going to change over the best for that. And yeah. Doing this three sets. And we'll make it up from there. You can see it. It burns the mic. It's not even put in the upper. It's a bit of a bit of an inch taller. This is in your gut. So you have it. So if you have an elbow, you can do it. I don't know. How long? It's going to hurt your collar. Like I said. That's nice. I got one. I'm going to do this for 20 sales. So I can't really do any de-kind decime presence. I'm going to show you stuff like my labor and my tour for ever. Never probably can be 100% so I can't press down here. If I go into a neutral grip, I'm going to be able to fly on the cables here. I'm going to really close the elbows to the body. I'm pushing down on here. I'm still getting like peck matter squeeze. I have this one to do a de-cline. But no stress on my labor. So I've just been like a new go-to. I've done the last four or five chest days. I've been enjoying them. So keep it a try if you have fucked up shoulders. I can't do de-cline. I'm sure some are not going to take that all year. You're going to like get me with these white flubbers that call them. All you still wear back in college. I wanted to know what Jim Gear was. I was like pants, show us from Walmart and my speeders. So we're back in nostalgia. Kind of like it. I think we're going to let this take me to keep my gut in that all-tones. But we got the barrel hanging in it. Can't know that. Movement of the day. Did like three flies over there. Kind of like a close press fly. I need more of like a wide fly. I'm doing like a close to feed eat not full failure in the fly. I'm bringing it in and I'm doing a bit of a press where you're a little bit stronger. And I can bang on a few more reps. It's kind of like variation of a superset but not wrap it up here. It's like close sets. And college a day. So kind to like. The puffs man. Don't push. No chill. Oh shi bir, go! I guess it can be a Prochesse. Honestly, these are little chest pumps. We have a new RTD pump and it's got liquid glycerol on it which is amazing. A bunch of beta owning shit. That's the chilling out of the gym. All that good shit. I took it with no caffeine today and it actually gave me a little pump so I can't complain. How did I told you guys going to the town right now? So I'm left to send from my own. I literally have to put the plates that I threw in the garbage when I told you they'd do dishes. Probably won't do laundry so she's back. I ordered a shit ton of make-of-fit and the probably new version of it like pre-cooked chicken or four fucking snacks or something because I'm hopeless as ever. I've become very codependent on here cooking skills and here providing so grateful for that but what she's gone, I gotta make do with what I got. So I'm so pissed off I'd throw it after this kitchen food but the rough ones today chest day, I'll see you in the beginning. I'm not even up in my supplements at all this year and I've like forgotten that I haven't done that so I'm the training card at uni properly and growing and getting stronger without them so it's kind of nice honestly. This will be like when that he crisps looks like when he's like retired from bodybuilder so the future is great but I gotta get some food so catch you guys later. Alright, it's a post-workout meal. We are going to sprouts the Easter Sunday right now and we are so lonely. No family, no Easter dinner. My parents used to always make a beautiful turkey like Thanksgiving style dinner on Easter and now I don't get to dinner more than before so kind of sucks but I'm gonna go and replace the Easter dinner beautiful pie and gravy and stuffing and mashed potatoes and baked turkey and I'm probably going to eat some chicken nuggets because I love chicken nuggets so yeah I hope they're open now because Easter Sunday. Google said they're open but we don't know if they're open so we'll find out soon. Stay tuned. Leave you guys on a huge cliffhanger. First time around the grocery store. It's the last time Courtney was at a town. It's sad to get this stuff alive but someone's gonna do it you know. Whether in the store did you have a picture but you got to show her sometimes she sent me here and I usually get the wrong shit and she has to correct it. I think it's what it is. Is that Harvey? Yeah. Harvey fitness is following us to the zoo and stalker. She'll be GT 500. He's James here. All he pots. You haven't had one? Yeah. You haven't? Yeah. Wanna take a mountain valley? What? I don't know. Boring. So you nice in? Sorry? Still you nice in? Yeah. I'll get the nice and paddy. You're not allowed to eat the meat anymore, eh? I'll get some of you to rub it in your face. I've been through the blood cell count two times so we're gonna let it be the more. When I tell you it's all he ate, it's all the other ate. So I'll catch that. I'll catch that. Yeah. Honey's coaching Calvin. He's gonna be going into the 2024 Olympia and replacing me. I just bought like four pounds of medicine to put such. This is the best brand. You got the interest for one? Yeah. Always. It's going hard and low. How good is it for you? The only way I can eat hard and lower. Good, hard and low. It's gross. Pastor Bird. Pastor Bird. Pastor Bird. No hormones. You're still your boys. Get that for sure not to get second hand surgery. I can't see. Holy face hair. No. You're the mango. Mango scares to the best. Pineapple and chicken rice is almost as good as pineapple on pizza. It's delicious. All of their juice from my smoothie. Okay, if you're gut. Very healthy. Rice cakes. Rice cakes. You're the rice cake, King. What did you use to put on it? No. I was checking it. Oh. Oh my rice cakes? Yeah. Hey. I've got to check it out sometimes too. I think we're talking about some milder videos. These with a waffle maker. That's right. I've never tried the protein one. So, we can go shop. Because it's just that water to the no protein. We can check out the Mexican food. That's what we see. Roll any ketchup. Get your good life. Can't look at that. So they're feminine if I walk around like this. Look at their purse and watch. Real men carry them. Those chips that are really like here. These chips are fucking so good. They're veggie chips. They're as crispy as the real potato chip. There's one. The jerky guy or what? I'm glad you're here. Do you even try those? I have those protein gross. No, they're amazing. It's the real reason I came here. It's chicken nuggets. Can you catch up our life? Yeah. Delicious. Corning out like these but the big ones. I don't know where she found me. This is why I can't come here without her. Well, it wouldn't be free and not good for you. No, no. What does that even mean? I'm glad to myself have pretend that it's a little bit free. It means you're healthier. Absolutely. Nothing. So, cool treaters. You got my guilty pleasure. Some time to throw it in the freezer. I'm a late night gummy. Pull the dead of the freezer. That's where we go to bed. Alright, so, survive the trips that go up your store. And didn't die. So, they don't go. I know Courtney's going to make a button. We've been going in there. We've got her, but we did what it is. Made it through it. That's the chicken nuggets for a beautiful Easter dinner. What else would you want on each dinner? Is it chicken nuggets? It's a little ketchup on there. Watch them that book that's living the Dan's room. Now the question is, it will even fit in the front. Look at that. A little fit. It's a practical chunk ever, but it'll do for free. It'll do for small grocery runs. See you next time, babe. No, it doesn't look like I used it, but I actually did it these days. Since hard day, I don't even do it in class. I would just turn my heart rate high. I don't even really try my heart rate. My heart rate was at like 145, 145, 145, 145, 145, 145, 145, 145. I'm like 20 minutes straight. My heart rate is 142, 20 minutes, like right. It's so pretty fucking bad. So, that's hard. What? I don't think that's hard to do. I'm saying like the fact that my heart rate was at LV just from biking. Not that there'd be a difficult thing. It's not a good thing. I think my heart rate would be at higher. Do 45 minutes class. I'm trying to be healthy. I'm not saying it's good. It's getting... I wish it would make a fit or cereal. I'd have to sandwich that to me. I'd go. No, that's one of the other. Pretty cheap. Or make a fit. What? It's always cleaner here when court is gone. I know. I know. But it's okay. It's all not like clean right now. But these are clean. There's a dirty actually, but... These haven't told me what I should do yet. I have their cereal. I said both. Well, they're one of the other. So... Well, cereal is quicker. But... Yeah. cereal. I'm going to put some cereal. That's just in terms. And the beauty of cereal is sometimes I'm really like an hour so I'll eat it again right after. But if I eat a big meal, I don't really feel like... There's a rest of all your three wishes. The box isn't a garage. It's sick on one half some too. We have boxes of the cereal, which one you want. It's a minimum of the best. Yeah, I don't know. The special maybe cinnamon and the special ones. Actually those are honeycrunchies. But I'd say that one might go two post-workouts. If I'm having like late night cereal, three wishes. Because it has some protein in it. But the post-workout. And it's like different GI carbs. This is just like pure, fast-ighassing rice. Crisps. So I have this... I probably should put almond milk on it and not put my protein in because I like fresh. Light almond milk is my cereal and I'll drink a shake on the side. Lots of liquid, but it's more hydrating as I look at the whole case. I'm also probably going to have this like some banana milk. Courtney made some all natural ingredients. Very healthy. I'm going to have a gluten-free banana bread bread before she left. So I'll probably have to have that last night. And I'm probably going to have another bit after I have some cereal. So the post-workout is delicious. It's a big part of it. It's a big part of it. Yeah, this one's a keto or something. It's all fiber in the sugar. Let me try this one. We're big hands and three wish each each. All right. So I only had this little bit left of this. My favorite protein is a last little bit for a while, actually. So I only want to keep a slightly scoop of chocolate in there. And I'm doing a scoop of... This. What do we do? I have some gluten in there and also, we put it down some fiber. Because fiber helps you put. I have like two scoops. Two and a half to three scoops of this depending if I have beans or not. And that day, make sure we get all my fiber in. Hashtag health. You can do it's even. But yeah, that's the post-workout shape. Just a little ball there, isn't that? Yeah. Sure. It's kind of a sad amount of fiber. It's all the rice crisp. Rice crisp. I have less. But that and some extremely corny king style milk. Unsweetened milk cashews. No added anything. There's filtered water. I think cashews. No gums, no bullshit. All games. It typically do almond milk. Honestly, what I learned is that blanched almonds, which means the shell, for whatever, the skin off of it. They tell they make almond milk. And that's actually anti-inflammatory. Well, I like my anti-inflammatory shit. Sometimes almond can be inflammatory. If you get a lot of them, it's only because of the skin on them. So, if I drink a lot of almond milk when I heard that. Because it doesn't love almond milk. But according to like, to make it same without. So, doing this. But as you can see, we don't eat trash cereal in the house. Like I said, my full day of eating. Not just about getting calories in. It's the type of calories you get. And honestly, you should be eating all whole foods and that's great. But I like to eat cereal sometimes. Invernantibrid sometimes. So, there's healthy alternative ways to do it. And I'm not going to shit your pants. I'm like a liar to you. I don't know what that means. Once you don't have shit stuff for a long time, you don't want it anymore. It's not like, oh, if I'm going to eat cereal, I'd rather just eat like you try them. No, I actually would rather eat this cereal and I'd rather eat this. Because like you try them now, like two sweet, two artificial ones. I don't even enjoy it anymore. This is like equally as enjoyable as anyone else would eat any real sugar treats. But it's actually better for me to just don't like refine process sugars and all this other bullshit. So, it's a lot better for me to do it if I do it consistently. And I don't even do that consistently. So, treat your body like a temple. Do any bullshit. I'm going to follow you guys. We're getting X. We're getting X. Are you getting X? I don't know. To get a race. I'll let that digest first. What's your opinion of Tiger Woods pulling out of the master due to a leg injury? What's my opinion? I said good for you. I've do what he needs to do. We feel like you have to do anything. But you tore your biceps and still competed. So? I'm just saying. You're the middle of the master's? He was at the final round of it. I don't even know that it needs a glass hole. No, they got one more. They do. They do one more round of like the all the holes I think. I think he's trained through like fucking broken feet before something. He has broken. I think he's like torn as ACL. His fucked up his knee. His lower backs all fucked. He got from the heart of your knees. If it was pretty hard. Really? Yeah. Would you go from your turn? Maybe. Probably not. All you guys are wrong for those of you who haven't even have to say. It's fine. I mean, shitty for the first bit. But it's actually fun when you start to get like balls on the fairway and stuff. Yeah, I'm usually bad. I feel like I'd hurt myself too. I'd hurt my wrist. That's what's the driving me into fucking fucking their wrists up. Turned the wrists and do's. So you decided not to cook all the ingredients and you just feed it up and make it fit? I just cooked those that steak. I just cooked it on the trigger. You can cut it up in the cube. You don't have a trigger? Oh, yeah I do. I just cooked that steak about it. You judging me? Yeah. Fresh cooked gourmet meal. I saw an, um, what's it, Joe Rogan's on YouTube? Joe Rogan was making a Tomahawk Alkestake. I like really good. Tomahawk Alkestake. Yeah. That sounds pretty good. I only had to hunting one of them. I've done one of them. I want to believe we left over again in America. Catch man in Moscow hunting cry a little bit because I don't actually want to hurt anyone. I don't want to hurt anyone but I like. And then eat it. Nope. Come on. Come on. Come on. We need to be paddy to do this video. I'm going to see you there. So we can watch myself and eat steak. The last thing I ever want to do is put it like that. Off for a hot. All right. That's going to be wrap on to these video. If this is before May 12th, I already know what's not. But some May 25th April, 25th. Young and really drop. Let's go to see what. Make it sit. Cool to see what. But for real. I was talking about eating healthy in the last few videos and we're going to be doing a transformation challenge in May. We're going to launch the registration in May. And then we're going to, I want to do a sick giveaway this year. So comment below something you want to see. If you have a chance to change me, maybe I should tell a money. I don't know what to figure something out. But I really want to encourage you guys to actually be healthy. We're going to put it here. Like an ebook of like proper eating healthy eating and it's going to be a transformation child. Not just like get jacked. So we can ever put themselves in the best shape. And we're going to do that. We're going to roll that out with update that's hopefully ready for my app. So we're doing like a full like update weight logging tracking all that stuff. And then in like six months from now we have a full nutrition system coming in. So we'll probably do another transformation challenge in. But that's coming soon. So stay tuned for that. I may be do a full day of eating where I explain how to maybe build your macros a little properly before that. And then there'll be more. So explain for those who enter the challenge. But that's what's coming up. Not much else to be going on car shows this week. Maybe going to tamp in next week for summer shredding. Maybe. But that's it. So thank you guys for watching. Remember to subscribe. Like the video. And we're just there goes. Don't tell me that man I'm home alone tonight. I'm already paranoid. Alright bye. See you later guys.