But it's been a hell of a year and it's just my year of like flowing things down and being grateful for every small moment So this is a fucking big moment. I mean I get under a squat bar right now And I'm trying to go out. So now I'm not gonna be able to spot this in the council the rest of my life I should enjoy this moment. It should be present right now And enjoy this not just like thinking ahead of what the results that it's gonna be and this is another moment We're just the fact green here at all as cool. So just reminding myself to slow down sometimes Be mindful where I'm at and be grateful because life is fucking beautiful Why do you need to shit if you're not gonna enjoy it so yeah Come on I What it YouTube like it here good over by Jim has some new equipment so I'm trying out the pedad machine Testing some shit out how to tell me if we want to stay too I'm gonna bodyweight to warm up when you're in straight legs and then double walking on just but gonna Canada tomorrow So it'll be in my for a little bit So figured it out get a little like day before my flight back Canada, so yeah, so it's going on They tuned before not week. I'm not gonna dead love heavy today because I fucking a little back a little bit last time So I'm gonna focus on to chatting my hamstrings lunges and machines and trying to get some big thick like So oh Alright so they're like four variations I do for RDLs either dumbbell without touching the ground, barbell, dead stop, touching the ground, barbell not touching the ground and then dead look into a little bit more leg drive and hip than anything. The weakest I am is when I do barbell training control the stretch, don't touch the ground, come back up. So I do less weight with a little bit less tension from my lower back, it's also more movement less weight so less intensity. The more I'm patient, I kind of cycle through all the different ones. Obviously I love dead legs because I make the movement more than a weight. My nervousness in my lower back can handle that every week was to follow you in my train for everything else and to my parallel features. I do not do full body movement or get the foot dead lift and shit everything a week can you apply up and die? So small explanation of why I'm going to try and do full of five plates today instead of fit control a little bit more. Top set job at down to four for my second set, do a more body than today's equation. I felt like time was moving into slow motion, took everything quite. There's not a shorter easy sheet than I don't fit in anymore. I've never trained lunges on hamstring day. How can I get in like a lot of them? I need them, not warmed up properly. Normally I don't want them anymore, so I'm going to have to warm up my knee down hamstring day too. This feels good to walk in one. My heart rate got up to like 1.65 there. I don't know what the fuck can I do today. I will put my fucking back in action and it's telling me that my HIV is shit in my sleep is shit and I record my shit. So I'm going to get that shit in the trunk. This crepes there and I got to be on the phone. I'm taking my sleeping pills. What? I'm taking my sleeping pills. Your sleeping pills are brutal. It was just like feeding me down there or triple fan of something. Sure. I'm glad they're. I don't know. You didn't even know. I'm going to get that shit in the trunk. I'm going to get that shit in the trunk. I'm going to get that shit in the trunk. I'm going to get that shit in the trunk. I'm going to get that shit in the trunk. I haven't had this flavor in my sister came out probably. So I'm feeling nostalgic today. I know honey's about to tell me. It's for the chocolate chips and it's a good idea. So last few, a couple of times I can enjoy and they will say goodbye to me in chocolate chip. But yeah, I could have made a lot of it too. You didn't see me lose them. But we are going to all much to take a picture because we first do a video but we had to ask one more video. But we're on the beginning of the Walmart. Surprise. We have to go pick a picture out there right now. I'm going to change shirts and do a rock shirt. We're going to run over there. Snap the pick. I'm going to go look at my two months or two. Maybe for like a week and I'm curious what we'll stick right now. They were working on it. But yeah, we have a few new products coming for Walmart. Tell them we've got them in the back of this car. So I'll show you guys what those are. But we have to get the fuck out of here. So I'll see you guys later. All right. So pull that to Walmart. We're going to be filming a cool video here. I hope we're trying to get permission from Walmart. This is some new products we're dropping to. We got essential fruit bursts coming in. Grave flavor. Fruit punch but more of like a starburst eat fruit punch. It's not just like a plain old boring one. We got glazed donut, way protein blend. And then we also have electrolytes. Finally job in either the stick packs and I'm pumped to get these. It's what a fucking lot for it. No excited to have it. But it's pretty fucking cool coming to a Walmart. And again, there's no targets. It's just Walmart. So growing up my whole life when you need like a anything you've got a Walmart to do. Have anything and everything. It's pretty dope that now that anything and everything will include round nutrition products. So it's been a pretty fucking wild ride in the last three years. To be fired up to be by the shop and not growing. If I had to make a shop so well, then I'd like one of our first degree Taylor's. Now we're getting into Walmart. And a few other things that are coming under the raft. You got chains coming up soon too. It's not going to be a good talk. But it's been a hell of a year. And it's just my year of like slowing things down and being grateful for every small moment. So this is a fucking big moment. I mean, I get under a squat bar right now and I'm trying to get about this. So now I'm not going to be able to spot this in the council of the rest of my life. I should enjoy this moment. It should be present right now. And enjoy this. I just like thinking ahead of what the results that it's going to be. And this is another moment where just the fact green here at all is cool. So just reminding myself to slow down sometimes. Be mindful where I'm at and be grateful because life is fucking beautiful. Why do I need this shit if you're not going to enjoy it? So yeah. Really pumped for this. I don't have the exact drop date that we're going to be Walmart. But we'll be putting it on rock socials in my socials and everything. And I get it. I get to that really funny video. We're trying to hopefully if we get to do it, it's going to come out. But that's what's going on. Also heading to Canada tomorrow. So I'm going to be in my for about a week. I'm going to send mode at my parents house on the lake. I'm social media for a while. I'm going to bring a book. I think it was mom and dad going to the lake on their boat. And just relax. Get my mind ready. Go work out to gyms. I can hour away. We drive in this one podcast. Working out. Getting huge eating, sleeping, relaxing and getting ready. Start the dam prep. We were 12 weeks out today. Time to win a fifth of Olympic tail. And I've ironed up this year. Super excited to this one. So maybe a good year. Good big a time. And I'm excited to bring you guys along with the journey. So one week break. And the full swing ahead of things. And then we're going to get roll on this prep series. With my gym's ready. And usually we start like eight weeks out or so. So we'll see where we flow into that. But yeah. As always. Thank you guys for watching. I think you guys will support the reason. I kind of get into these crazy Walmart things from your love and your support. So appreciate you guys. We're doing the best. We can't make the best brand the best products and everything that we can actually use to help people. And inspire and motivate with our branding and our content. So it's just a fun journey to be on. And I'm grateful for your support. So love you guys. Thank you for watching. And as always. See you next time. Peace out.