What is up? I'm looking for a new one. Welcome to my pantry for spend most of my time. I'm sharing this shelf looking for a snack for you. But right now, I'm searching for pre-work at that hotel. It's a company that doesn't have anything else. But also very exciting. This citrus grapefruit essential flavor. I have been pushing for this flavor at the Energy drink and a pre-workout for over a year now. We made it, but it just took forever to nail the flavor and to bring it out. Fucking love this flavor. And we nailed it. 10 minutes and I had it yesterday. I enjoyed it. So, crushing it again right now. But we got back from Dallas, which was backed off the trip to Vegas. The Super Bowl and all the stuff. So, I've been all I'm going on. I think I touched on what the Super Bowl name is. But it was a super-rowing, we had fun. I enjoyed it. I got C50 cent live in the night before, 20 minutes savage. Horrible lives, but you know, this is what it is. It's cool to see you in my other way. And then, thumbs up videos. And then, lots of texts are really big. We finished really quick. So, we are on the At the Fuckout there to come back home. So, nice being home. I'm actually going to be home now for two whole weeks. So, my goal is to get fucking jacked. And something is skinned a little bit. I'm being an absolute skinny bitch. This entire year. So, I haven't even had consistent training. Just in trying to have you do proper program, follow it. They give me four weeks start-up things. I get my body prepped and I've been like eight weeks. I saw it in the finish. So, that's the kind of shoot we're on. So, today, you're reviewing a variation in the last upper body of your stay. But, different exercises. So, training is strong. It's trying to change the huge. I have an Arnold and after that, I'm going to train with Eurs and Ramon. And Arizona flag and Olympia battle thing. And they're going to be competing at the end. So, I want to be strong and make them all face can be good. So, I got to get in shape in the next two weeks. So, while we're doing, not enough time to do it. So, I'm going to down the pre-workout. Get to the gym and let's do it. Again, real old. I feel like when I rains, I can feel it in my joints now. Which is a sign that I'm turning to my father. He's in his 60s, I'm in my 20s. So, pretty much the same thing as the bodybuilder. But, trying to warm up, just get my joints ready to rock. Because I want to go heavier than 120s. Last week I got a 3-thats-a-1-20. So, I have to go up at least 10 pounds this week. Hit the 130s. And yeah, that's about it. I might swap for the pull downs. For pull ups this workout. Because we're having an event for a rough, we're opening up our big gym. And the other city, we're our warehouses. And we're going to have a big event. And on the Monday, it's going to be Memorial Day. So, we might do a mersh. Now, this is the only thing I'm going to do it. Because I can't do more than 10 pull ups at a time. And after doing 3 sets, I can only do 2. And I can't run a mile. And I have to run 2 miles for that. And I can't do those push-ups, or your squats, or anything. So, I might be more support on a little electric scooter. It's a train people on. Feel like Calvin, or the other sales guy's definitely probably going to win this thing. Now, I'm just going to meet you later. So, we're going to have a list. I want to say, do more pull ups when we can do those after this. But that's what's going on. So, stay tuned for that event. So, we're doing, I can do like a little mingreel, a seminar. First, early access to check out our new gym when it's built. And then a little endurance run slash mersh. Thinking on the Monday. So, give us some more information soon. We're going to start with the first one. The word for the wise one warming up. Most people care when they're getting heavy. And they're trying to muscle the tear muscle. When they're trying to muscle up the weight so they get them here. And then they get that little jolt where you like relax your muscle to get deeper. And then you explode out. So, when I'm warming up, I try to do like pause reps. I really lower down. And I let pause in the stretch so it sinks down. And then I press from there. Just so that part of my muscle is actually warmed up in the stretch position. However, you go the more it's going to naturally stretch you down. More like you're going to fuck your shit up. So, warm up slowly. Don't just like wrap out. I see a lot of people warming up and they just wrap really quick. So, then you're warm up. So, you're more than the working sets. Don't hurt yourself because we're all getting old. Where are you days? Well, we're at the 17-1. I think you got a little head of myself on do 143 here, but you're my hands. I'll fuck my shit up. That's proof I was being a little bitch left. We won 20s or hard. Can't do 142 again. I got 8 reps, so I can't. My bench is crooked. It's going to fuck me up. So, it's 10 out of 10 progress from last week. We're two weeks ago when I was fucked up. Last chest workout we saw them was probably two weeks ago actually. It's how slow we were moving traveling. But the beauty of taking a while of time off and feeling weak at the beginning is every week your strength just comes back so quick. Like at the end of last year's off season, I was wrapping 150 dc. Last week, I was only doing 120s. Touched the 143, so I'm set right now and slowly I'll come back. So, trying not to kill myself. Too much, I did one heavy set of 140s drop back down to 130s. I'm focusing on really controlled reps. I'm actually building proper strength throughout the whole range. Feel good. So, maybe actually we'll last year, like I'm not going to need everything 150s. But I would love to have to need them. So, maybe I'll hit up during them. You know, I need some 170s, 160s. Work my way up to 200s. Probably not. Alright, next. Moving, doing a T-Biro. I love doing the machine ones. It's gym, like I want to with 4 fire. So, I'm going to keep doing the same kind of concept. So, I'll try to get strong as fuck right now. I'll list them here as a white, but with controlled form. It's cool when you really start an off season or a strength building program with perfect form. Whereas, in just like, trying to throw the weight off you fucking everything up. You actually realize you get stronger. More efficiently. You feel better, stronger everything. And your weight will keep progressively moving without injury as well, which is always nice. So, that's a goal this year. I always try and keep my form pretty damn tight. But I have to reiterate that out loud. You guys, to force it to myself to do it. Because it builds a better physique. The last thing you're used to getting stronger, I'll be in a bit of an old world. So, I'm starting off with that now. Control the negative. You know, wide grip here. Really focus on my mid back. Some a little bit further down the padderas. And over top. Feet on the ground. Pull away. I'm not going to do that. I realized I took my bike off and I left it over there. I just explained what I was doing. So, essentially, doing the pure iron. I was very able to tell the pure iron machine over here. This is one of their inclined presses. I think it's a prototype still. But it's pretty much perfect. It allows you to kind of connect both sides of it. So, you're going to do one arm or two arm at a time. Because I've fucked up a lot of side of the shoulder. I like doing one arm at a time. Same with constant as a dumbbell. Make sure everything is symmetrical. But I'm keeping super controlled. It's pretty light. But I want to really have you with the dumbbells. So, I'm going to do a little bit of rest-puzz. We just saw a lot of set with my body. Like I said, this is my last set. I'm going to aim for like a least ten. Pause for like ten, fifteen seconds. And then do an aim wrap. Oh, sounds so cross-hip when I say the word aim wrap. I think you do the cross-hip games this year. Oh, I can't breathe in that spot. Oh, I can't breathe in that spot. So, the way harder than I thought, so if I can get you four ups here. I'll be proud. Oh. Oh. Oh, are you sure? How's tough? I don't know what I'm doing next, so I can go figure it out. Alright, it's probably gonna be last two moments. I'm going to do like a set my super-nated grip here on this pedal machine. Same both through the four super set with some push ups. And pulse the beginning, push up at the end. And I'll never be able to do a more like that. So, I'm just going to keep pretending. And now I'm actually doing it. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. I'm going to have to get one of the kids. I remember I had the perfect push ups. He had a little thing that like twisted and you hold the grip and you push up. And I could literally just double clap push ups and I felt so strong. I could do those in my basement, trying to work out. And here I am now, I can bench like three in your pounds. And I can do way less pull ups. Push ups. Can't do clapping push ups anymore. It's like I've degressed from 12 year old seabomb and it's basements trying to be jacked. But those were the glory days. And I can't do the same thing. But I can't do that. But I can't do that. I can't do that. I can't do that. I can't do that. I can't do that. I can't do that. I can't do that. I can't do that. I can't do that. I can't do that. I can't do that. Alright, so we wrapped up that workout and didn't owe a show at so we're here at the office. It's 4.59 and we're all trying to get the fuck out of here at 5. So I'm going to wrap this up. But training has been feeling good. I'm going to come back together. I am so unbelievably sorry to do this 10 sets of 10 drops. Except for my calves and I haven't been able to walk for like a week. I'm feeling good and motivated now because I've been home for like a week. Which is the first time all year. I've been home for a long and a week. So actually getting back to that rhythm. And then after the Arnold this week, by the way, Arnold, photo up tickets are on sale. If you guys want to stop by. But after the Arnold, I won't be traveling until my baby's born. And I'm out after that. So I can spend time here with Courtney and the baby. So I'm going to be able to get into a really good routine. I have a proper offseason trying to get you trying to get Jack. I'm trying to throw him in the fuck this year because that's just the goal. So that's what we're going to be doing. We're going to do a full day of eating. Show you guys what I'm eating right now. I'm kind of getting back in the routine without like I said, traveling is fucked all that up. But it's also really coming together. And I got some treats here. Some literal bond treats. He gave me these to try. So this is my snack for the day. I'm making some protein pretzels. And they're like chocolate covered protein pretzels. They're different flavors. And they taste fire. It comes like a coffee flavor. They've got like milk chocolate mocha. And the ones that white chocolate vanilla, another regular milk chocolate one. They're better than any other like chocolate pretzels you have. And they protein in them. So super good. But we're going to be having those come out in the future. Probably be part of my bulk plan. Getting these tasty. I think then might get me fat. But as long as I'm huge and strong, that's really how the matters. But yeah, it's what's going on. I'm going to get a full day beating out. You guys come to soon. I'm going to get you more into depth with my training. Trying to get strong this year. And we all are. I'll be high. I am every year. That's all it's going on. So thank you guys for watching. I'll see you guys next time. Maybe my kitchen. So peace out. Thanks for watching.