What is up YouTube? Today is kind of an exciting day and I rode it for myself but a great reason why being a head on prep is better than being behind I'm not a head right now but I would be having a lot more of these if I was which is in this high carb day Last time I've been Dallas I got a cheat day essentially or cheat night. I guess I got cereal I think I had like a treat or something I can't remember I had some in and out burger some stuff like that some amazing stuff sadly No hamburger today, but I'm bumping at my carbs from about 250 grams of carbs to 500 grams of carbs in my fats from like 30 to like 60 70 Is then I have to be perfect because it's just like see what my body can do with a given range But gonna be doubling my carbon take which is super good eating pretty much exact same foods So I'm probably not gonna go over every meal because today's kind of a crazy day anyway, they calmed it around So we're on the tripod today, but yeah, that's what's going on to breakfast is gonna be very similar But I always have pancakes so I'm switching up and having some oats and some eggs, but with it I am having right now the exciting some of you guys But some eaters cinnamon raisin bagel. So this has 50 grams of carbs and then I'm having 50 grams of other carbs in my oats Which would make typical 70 grams? So adding that if you're going to the cup today and I fucking love bagels So I'm really gonna enjoy that, I don't even put it in the oven I could eat it raw toasted whatever but I'm probably gonna toast it But anyways, pointy what I'm starting is start people use it like eight to ten week perhaps and then 12 week Perhaps became like the golden standard and I honestly think at this point 16 weeks of the bare minimum This is the leanness offseason that I have ever had and I started it at about 15 16 weeks out And then I had this like five week chunk of just nothing going right And I was still able to pull it back together and get where I need to be because I gave myself enough time But if I had a good 16 weeks I could have been having a refuel like every week my metabolism would be firing Mentally it'd be a lot nicer because I get to eat more food and it's just a lot better to do it that way Rather than having a crash I and jam your body down and not give it refuel days So if I can give a tip prep longer than you think you're not gonna shove it all away Especially if you're properly doing refeeds and you really need to understand your body My weight wasn't dropping like crazy right now, but I started to feel really flat and really tired And we're about five weeks out so this is like my last chance to jam about your food in me and not worry about being put back a day or two Because we're getting into grind time yet So if I can tell anyone anything silly in your offseason and start prep early I also just I just didn't want to cram trying to lose 30 40 pounds because it's just really bad for your body to lose like 50 40 pounds of weight and muscle to try and make weight and weight caps was 240 so to 60 to 65 with my weight cap like peak weight this year 2025 pounds I can pull that up in 16 weeks no problem So anyways, I'm gonna get cooking here because I'm hungry Ultra on the stove and then I'll treat you on my breakfast when it's up All right, so my go to protein is still gonna be the maple waffle right now It's just amount of vanilla-based kick in this maple waffle taste absolutely delicious So when we put in this in my oats do some good old scrambled eggs and then I have the Dave's killer bread Bagel those bagels are not gluten for you any that bullshit I'm not gonna be that guy. I'm a cheat having gluten free bagels So I got normal ones, but they have no high-freak toast corn syrup They have no artificial bullshit in it. They're relatively and they still taste absolutely amazing So I'm gonna cook this up make my oats and don't judge me I use the same fucking thing for eggs and oats or you go fuck try to do less dishes Correspondents that here, so let's shit. I have to clean But yeah, it's little to no method to my madness Accept me trying to juggle too many things at once and my eggs over cooking 30 on too high I'm gonna shut the camera off and get the cooking because I don't know how to cook an electric stove I'm used to gas and this thing is just randomly get the hottest buck Like 10 minutes in a cooking food so wish you luck Don't mind the correct camera. They're really not a straightening. It's not really care of the hungry But this is the final product right here of the basic good side of it my Bagel is currently in the toast there because Not okay waiting for me because I want you to fresh toast it I don't want to get like cold and soggy shit. So I'm way for that live life on the edge Full sugar ketchup ketchup is life and it's rare that I get the good shit This whole food full sugar ketchup is absolutely delicious It's not like it's organic, but it's still got added cane sugar in it and it tastes very good So I'm gonna put this down get the bagel and then touch base So this is it also salt the shit in my mouth like because salt tastes amazing all right now for the good shit having the bagel and Looperies how do you tell me have some fruit some blueberries and an apple to there? Also gonna have that not going towards the 500 grams of carbs and made me for I also forgot to mention on these data Typically take some type of GDA glucose disposal agent I've never taken insulin and they're absolutely no need to unless you're trying to make 300 pounds So stuff like this natural things like burbring chromium different types of supplements Actually help you take up take glucose help you in some sensitivity if you're eating more carbs in your use You're just eating a lot in general. So his actually has some digestive enzymes in it So I'm using that today typically I'll also use revive glucose. It's like six pills This is one pelvic glucose a little bit more of an extensive specific GDA. This is like no good It was a cheap meal. I like their carbs little enzymes for digesting food that you're not used to eating and a bit of it Also I kind of go back and forth doesn't really matter, but using a GDA when you're getting more definitely helps a little bit not crazy Into the world, but yeah my bagel is getting cold so I'm gonna eat it Or something though eating like something with your hands like I say I'm much I might as well not bit to chicken and rice Like one solid thing is like by a side of spine when you're in prep Some good job. All right, I'm gonna run around next meal is gonna be chicken rice So a lot more rice. I'm gonna train have some good food after good to me Silicid-percent ball. I'll probably show you postwork of meal and then we'll wrap it up and all whatever But yeah, all right pre-work up meal meal number two that nearly has fun as a bagel, but it's Some fish and some rice. I am currently in Matt Jansen's office and I'm breaking in don't tell him I'm doing this On the way to put the camera, but he has salt and I never have salt and salt to feel he can't run All right, so mission accomplished broken Matt Jansen's office Even never watch my YouTube video So I'll never see this, but I need some salt. He's always got it and I know he supports the body building dream Gentlemen, so it's so helpful support, but Super simple 200 grams have white fish fresh Atlanta cob 250 grams of white rice and then I got two these Rice cakes right here. These are like the cinnamon flavor of rice cakes like corny and She just has them in the thing. He's about 20 grams of carbs each I believe and then 250 grams of rice So it's the getting me my pre-workup meal. Yeah, that's better We have a call here so I had to run into the office Oh call my life still I'm trying not to do a name call five minutes I eat the gore to the gym after dream and I have to come back to the gym podcast for the GBRS group that I mentioned Calvin's a Virginia right now That's what he's doing with these guys filming content for the club we're doing on the hydration product Don't even mind into the charity. So we're doing a podcast with some of the wealth which I got a record He and the office Kelvin has this lab set up that he put in here before you left Someone quickly eat this get on the phone call go work out try and get you to have a sick problem because we have a Me and my food You've all cast and then I'll see you guys later All right, so back day high carb day trying to flood the carbs into my back because what I need Especially right now for new machines, but yeah, so I've been starting off with these ever since I did a two work That's at the beginning of this year. Who's this guy Eddie Paul the muscles is Instagram the trainer This is really cool machine the new machine, but also just a really good training techniques and he had me warm up with these Doing like a low tight cable row Evo close to the body and you rotate your body away from the weight So you're getting a full thrash of the lap. So having to rotate your body too much It's my machine. You don't really go heavy, but it feels really good to warm up so I'm certain off full sack in this I've done a bunch of warm up already, but I'll full sack in this for like hopefully 12 reps and then just kind of wanted to set to these and we get rolling All right, so apologies for the camera angle stated probably horrible Camelk's a 24 now, but second movement have your compound do invent over rows I'm gonna do some overhand some underhand really trying to focus on pulling low in my hip I was in high to get my chops less hit more lower lats something to honey trying to stress on me to do more of because I tend to Overactivate my chops all the time probably why you had eight fell the time But we're just trying to get like the depth thickness in the lower back a little bit more just density mid back So rows here we're gonna do it. I'm gonna be doing probably at least two overhand and then putting off your one or two on your hand right after a As you can see, I'm trying to first see reps, squeeze and hold at the top. And it really focused me on contraction, the part of my back. I want focus, helps me focus on contracting the part of my back that I want, rather than just using my hips, legs, chops, whatever. I actually feel my mid-Christmas feedback pulling, squeezing, holding it, and then controlling the eccentric part of the motion. So, get in the best of everything. All right, so, get in the switch it. Underhand grip now, it just allows you to squeeze even more in that lower lat. You exactly where I'm trying to get it. Of course, you pull it into your hips a little bit more. Otherwise, you're going to be pulling from your biceps and your chest. You want to keep your chest low. Spine, neutral, lock the ins, straight with your core, and then roll super straight back. And I had to drop the weight, because I'm weaker at this. I have no people there. I'll take the weight off both sides. Typically, that works. I'm all uneven, but I'm not that uneven. All right, so this machine speaks up against heavy really quick. I normally do two and a quarter, but I carb this. So, doing three plates today, and I'm going to, it's nice. This penata machine is nice, because you can start from a little bit of a pronate into a super native grip, neutral, underhand. We can kind of rotate it into three different directions. So, I'm going to start a little more overhand than lighten the load and do a little bit more underhand. But I just did like three movements from down low. So, I wanted to do more of a pull down motion, and the penata machine's been great to me. So, we're going to move it on to this now. How did two overhand, two underhand, and then two that capable of a genus sets? And we're going to do like three here. All right, so like I said, I dropped down on the last set, and I did two and a quarter for overhand again. Now I'm going to switch this grip. Super easy to understand, and I'm going to do a drop set. But because 25 pounds probably not going to be enough, I'm going to do the same way they did on last set, but you put the 25 there first. So, I can strip off the 45, and make it a bigger drop, and then I'm going to do one drop set of this underhand grip, and then move on to this machine. I'm not really fully underhand, it's like slightly, but still like it's the same effect. All right, it's tripod is a piece of poo. Fucking CG, Mr. Christian Newsman told me about this tripod every time I set up a new leg. One leg just falls, and it just falls in. So, I'm going to be pulling out the four half of the time, and I've got it both to die. But you guys know I love doing the chest supported dumbbell roll. Get a bunch of shit before this. Normally I start with that because it's longer free weight. So, I'm going to be doing chest supported T-BI roll here on this machine plate loaded. And I'm going to say I have a four plate, I haven't done four plates on this machine I doll yet, and then I'm going to drop it down and do a drop set next set. So, turn here, but it's coming from a diamond set, so I'll see you later. Jas, can you get a fight off it? Alright, second last, back movement, some good old neutral grip pull down on your cable machine. You're gonna do some pull over after this. So the baby and I see them gonna do more of these are pullovers and then a little bit of biceps. We're gonna call it a day because I gotta get the fuck out of here and do this podcast. Alright, so I have a pretty good idea that I fucked all the audio on that because I was trying to use these new mics that I don't know how to use in KELV is not here. So it's probably sound like shit and KELV might have to just cut it with the working sets and show it with music or whatever. I don't know, I guess we'll find out. You'll already know by now, me saying this. But I finished up with the biceps curl that I filmed and then I just, I gotta get out of here really quick so I just stopped filming and I did a pullover superset with the Jim Leco biceps curl. I felt really good. Did like four sets of the drop set of the Jim Leco biceps curl, three sets of pullovers and just wrapped up the work out like that. So I felt really good overall. I could tell my energy, just like able to keep pushing like on that last back row movement. I could do a triple drop set with a respawn on the two plates and I had energy to do it because typically I'm so depleted. I can tell at that point in the workout. My body's just like, there's no more go like a junior muscles, go home and go eat something. But I actually feel good today. So that's why I was putting into my back. Jim put my back up. I got like some more to hopefully still have a little bit of carbs left for that leg workout. But we're back on diet after this. I'm gonna have some beautiful fucking steak and sweet potato fries after this. One of my favorite things to eat in prep. So I'm gonna have that after. But I gotta go eat quickly, just a boring probably another fish and rice meal and then do the podcast really quick. So I'll see you guys afterwards for steak and sweet potato fries. Yeah, I feel like I'm gonna get the fuck out of here. Alright, so next meal. This one is a special one of mine because I love sweet potato fries. Sadly we're not at a habit, girl. My last cheat meal, I got to go to habit and it was a little bit better but I'm not gonna make a man, it's still beautiful. I have 500 grams of raw weight sweet potato. I weigh all my potato rods you guys know and I have 100 grams of filet man y'all. Cooked by Miss Chef King over here. He sends up being about 100 grams of carbs, 25 meals a hundred grams of carbs and 670 calories. So it's still not a crazy amount of calories but 100 grams of carbs in a meal for me. They lot right now. Yeah, I'm sure we'll get to catch up because this is why I eat. So I'm gonna put this down. Enjoy some beautiful sweet potato fries. We loaded these in salt. I couldn't even see salt though, no more salt. Do you want more salt? I don't know if I'll have to boil some more salt but a little nice filet and sweet potato and a little green bean carbs today. So I'm gonna put this down and enjoy. Alright, so wrapped up that high day training day and all that good stuff. I don't even forgot to close this off yesterday. We just had to stay in potatoes but it was a good day overall. Podcast was super cool. Trade-dewing that was a GBRS guy that wish I could have been down there because they were doing some bad ass shit. They were running through some tactical drill and some more cats and some really cool shit. So maybe one day I could go up there and actually run through some shit with them but they were really cool dudes. Sadly we have some technical issues with the podcast as in my luck when I'm alone. But overall I think it's a good podcast. They have those guys probably have, I know they have so much knowledge to share and they're like, they've been through some de-hardest shit with the biggest sacrifices and now they're so like aware of pushing mental health and transitioning into this civilian life and everything. So it was super cool to be able to chat with them and talk about just various different things. So you guys should definitely tune into that podcast. They're mindset of how they approach stuff to do what they do with absolutely insane. People talk about sacrifices of bodybuilding especially what I do. I think it's like lose a little bit of touching grip of the sacrifice that make a my relationship and stepping out of like technically what's healthy for my mind to be the best bodybuilder I can be. And I talk to guys like that who are overseas protecting their fucking teams, their families are country everything absolutely crazy. So it was an honor and a privilege to be able to chat with them and we're doing some really cool stuff like I said was their group TBRS. We were with DJ Shipley and Cole were on the podcast so definitely don't miss that podcast. It was awesome and hopefully we can do more stuff with them in the future but that podcast will be coming soon on a RAWU on the RAWU tube. So don't miss that shit. But other than that we're back to regularly scheduled regular scheduled programming. I always say that wrong. And I come up with a bullshit today back on the low carb life live in the dream, training I shredded when the fucking one piece going for number five. So yeah, thank you for watching. This is the center of the day but in the video so peace out.