One point is a vibe and a verbative on the count. But when I think of a body, it only gives me a... Without a damn doubt. Come on! Come on Chris! Come on you're one in steel! Or a ton of color you want for you guys! Come on Chris! Come on! What's the... Yeah. Hey this is too loud. I can't even hear myself. I like the work too. Better? No? What? Up. YouTube. They're final day with CG invading Florida right now. So we figured we'd finish like we started and hit some of the like. So like they did, Calvin and Christian second round. We got, I think our last video was the same one. I think we've done something. But it goes like a picture of us. But yeah, that's all it's going on. We're fucking doing a little shoot. Stay for outfilling, and cut me in all the shabang, and then now we're just trying to get huge light. So that's what I told you. I was slacking on for a while, so I'm doing a little bit more consistently now. We're the frequency closer with less rest days in between. I just tell myself that you're huge right now. So like day, a little more hand-tink today, and then... There's what do you think about the new leg, there's new weight cap on men's disease? There's not baby legs now? No, they said they're going to judge it. They said they're going to say legs. No, you have to. Unfortunately, the leg will get dark. Dude, you think so now? Nah, I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. That's going to be tough to do. They're still looking for legs, but still... There's not to change, but never... Snips the top of your leg. No, we're saying it. They're way too big, though. Some of them are not like, but they're going to go in and make waves. Well, I feel like I need to... This should just say like, when you pick the best working weight. I have a feeling a lot of the men should be kind of sad. They would wouldn't make a class for the equipment, and they'd do heavy-butt, but kind of do the same. I feel like they're not short enough, personally. Most of them. Yeah. So, I got a trainer. The board is it? There's no way to get it. It's not good, it's better. But yeah, it's good. It's good. They're like Christmas. Right? You're ready, like, for a kiss in. Yeah, I'm just trying to... I'm like, yeah. He might distance her in the work eyes. He's a little stressed. You know? You never see Christmas, I feel like he's the little... What about us? Oh, man. Is this literally that much? Is it going to affect him, fuck, no? but easily do this over I'm gonna do it right. Do you really think so? What? Do you think so? I can do it like that. I'm going to warm up a lot. I'm going to do it. I mean, I think you should crush your gun. Yeah, yeah, you can. Do you kind of treat the last night of it? I was wondering what. It's good. It's good. It's good. It's good. Try to keep it on your ship. What? Try to keep it on your ship. Turn up the break. Yeah. Really? I'm back in court. 2%. I can't double series. What? I can't double series from now. I tell you warm up a lot. I'll see you for 3%. You know, it's like 2 cents over there. 2 cents over there. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. No, look out. There are some knees. There's some high value knees over there. One can do this, you can do this. See my cover is small. Look at this. See that boy next to one of détocks, pull his back, pull his arm, on your jacket. The chain is stuck. Afterwards you should see if any one of those No wrong chambers, good detail that I've hit in that work so bad, nooo man, I发 a minute cap say that and just want to make you feel like that rotation with a There we go. Come try to slow down my rep range. Not bounce like I used to be trying to get me shit for that. There's a lot harder, especially when you know you threw it. Slow your tempo, control the last bottom, and then consistently to consistently explode I was no bounce. And it makes me feel good. You also turned off that to greater song ever. I've heard it too many times. Two. Oh, that's pretty good. We're doing it. You're a good guy. Then it looks good. Well, push him out. I've never liked you. You're maxed back from your base, that's like horrible floor. I don't like going down the floor. You just... I remember this one. Hey, the thing I did is... Oh, bon pannings. It's really sick of him. I thought I'd give another thing instead of you. But, like 45, 45, 45, 45, 45, 45, 45, 45, 45, 45, 45, 45, 45, 45, 45, 45, 45, 45, 45, 45, 45, 45. Is that a little bit of weight? I was at 15, 15. I was at 15. I was at 15. No, come on. We sat here with Marion! They're in a cow-free in the entrance! Oh, they cut. Oh, hard to speak. Okay. Damn it! Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. I heard the broadening last year this. Maybe that more forever, like my throat's closed. I think I was like two days ago. Really? Yeah. Oh, what? I don't know. I definitely never wanna. I don't know. I don't know. No. Ah! Ah. Never. I'm gonna have a shake up in the gym. A lot of stretchers, you're like 30 minutes postwork in. Yeah, good. I'm gonna have a little one. I'm still hungry. I'm gonna have to have my workout. I wanna go eat. I just wanna get in one place, and one, two hours. No way. I wanna go. I wanna go. I wanna go. I wanna go. I wanna go. I wanna go. You brother. Yeah, it's a way to super-be. I'm gonna keep talking to you. Five five. You can tell it's like if someone needs something like you need it that's it bro. Okay. You're a little like a man trying to hide in your body right? You have to establish it. Something like you. Only two. Eh? Only two times. Why is one able to divide and provide it with you? The one that I think nobody's only used. Without a damn towel. I'm not feeling fucking sorry for every second. It's like everybody sees skin has those days. Everyone's it's equal and jam. Everyone gets like fucking humble. Even Mr. Lydia. Not Calvin though. That's Calvin is so bad dude. Uh, the why? Why do you think I stopped Olympic lifting? Too many bad days and I quit. I think I tried to do this one really like. So here they're like, okay, I'm gonna feel like you need to just sleep on a nice bath for a week. I will pray for this incubation. If you've ever been to the next fucking 40-2 weeks or so, however the fucking one appears coming because a body is already falling apart. A body that's actually feeling better from training but not training maybe feel like something worked well. I don't know. I need some super soldier here, I'm just a lot of time. Let me get huge. Alright, so we wrapped up that like day and like Kishio was saying we were having an out day by day but we finished the workout. Did it all? I really did not want to do straight like that. Let's go back with the fucking pump after we made some machines. We sucked it up, no skinny bitches wrapped it up and pushed through a little bit more hamstrings of calves and my knees are hurting for the first time in a long time so it's time to start getting more massage and stretching because I'm not trying to have bad knees again like I did in 2019 because I was fucking miserable. But yeah, we wrapped up that like day. It's Kishio's last day here at 4am. I'm like, I'm so sorry for my... He's pretty much moved in so sadly he's leaving us tomorrow night or 2pm tomorrow. He had mac on and maybe we'll spit shoot up the heat and throw a chip sometimes soon. But what are you trying to say? I've no idea what I'm trying to say. I'm just a little bit fucking mischievous and he's gonna leave us there open. That's life, you know. Colomedy and the myths of chaos. What? Talk about the going on right now and a little bit. Talk about the waves. Talk about what? Ways okay,otic. Why am I so chaotic? We all got, we all got our own shit that we're working on right now. Chaos. So G-Dez Cortez, you do, I do. Let's talk about it. Our house is chaotic because you tried to sell it and we had to turn my head to the funeral to get it and we've been going back and forth between the most unenze house in our house. We've been eating here, getting close here and driving to most unenze to sleep at night. And then coming back here and we have to get all the pills, all the vitamins, all the supplements, all the clothes and all the dishes and everything out of here and all this whatever. Shit that, the fumigation gas can absorb by tomorrow. So we've been taking the truck loads of some of the news and then there's piles of boxes of our life in there now. So we're living in a suitcase with the boxes for the next three months or months. July. I'll guess September. Like three months or so. So beautiful. I didn't know before that we were traveling for three months. So haven't been in a routine or structure. It's sleeping at the same time, we can get the sleep time. Haven't slept through night and four or five months. So, how old are you to be in bed as you guys saw? So it's just been like, for a couple of weeks. You couldn't, you couldn't, for an hour, you were coughing like this. Yeah. Yeah. I went outside. Yeah. Like this is like a pretty consistent two. I feel like awful. So we're like trying to do everything and when he's not good, I just like feel bad and, and I'm just doing, I'm digging that. I'm fine. He's ready to go. But I'm stressed out that I'm like, I'm very hard on myself or I need to be. Like, Mr. Olympia, the wind, Mr. Olympia now. And it's hard when our life has been so chaotic. But I'm fucking motivated to be in routine. We get into this Airbnb. That's going to be home. And we're going to lock it down in there. Traveling is slimming down now. I've locked it down. There was a few trips, only one meeting greet. And then no more meetings because it's taking so much out of me. No trips out of the country, all casual trips. So, and Hon is going to be on some of the trips. So he's going to kick math in the gym. And yeah, once we get into a little bit of order and a little structure, it's fucking scasical limit. Because it's from succeeding in this chaos right now. Once we have structure, it'll be fucking rocket shipped to them in. So, a little bit chaotic right now. But that's the way it goes sometimes. I'm tired. For you, so you can do it. Yeah, that's cool. That's where I'm kind of kind of kind of kind of help a little bit. Just like, you know, you're doing your great job. Helping, Christians, cultures. Good people. How does this meet then? How about is it a little? I feel like I... For Chris or like a doctor? I think it's good. Even you said last night, your Christian is good shit. Because when you see on social media, people are friends or acquaintances, but when you actually get to hang out with someone and we're chilling in the house, we're all going to dinner. It's... It's... I think good energy. You said good energy. I've watched your vlog for a while. I didn't really get into the room to know each other deeper now. I didn't know how, like, I don't even know what the right word is. What? That's interesting. No. Yeah. But, yeah. So, obsessive, find detail, like hardworking, like... Like, I'llfully was no mistake. I'llfully lined with no mistake. And like, I didn't think it was. But this is completely different seeing how some of the operates for a full week. And being like, holy shit. No one would have made that brand, no one would have made that facility. Or a treasure, you haven't seen anything. I know. Yeah. I believe it. What do you think is going to be like, well, scratching the surface of it. But the dude's a man, he, I can't even learn everything he's got. So, it's also very motivating for me entering the business, and what it takes to, like... I feel like I can tell what's going to start happening in a few years. Like, it's just a people managing sense for the companies. Yeah. Because it's the same type of structure, really. And without the structure, implementation and, like, HR and all these kinds of things that you don't really think about too much, like... It's going to start taking away from Chris's ability, and, of course, the ability to be peace, be in present, honestly. Yeah. If you don't put things in place now. If you do, we'll do better things. Yeah. Your favorite words are HR and full of HR. HR and full of HR. Yeah. Poor HR. Yeah. Yeah. Chris, in this favorite words, it's weird. But, like, even outside of business, like, you're good energy. You're a good person, you know? You really are. Like, you're, it's admirable, like, what you do, and, like, what you've created, and whatnot, but, like, you're, you're a good person, too. Yeah. For sure. For sure. Okay. For my therapist. Yeah. You should be, let's just say that you've come here. No. What? Yeah. You're, you're a good person, too, people like that. There's a few people, I love with, though. And there's a few people I let my home. You don't call it a black lad or a show. That's what I thought I was, it was. And there's a few people I'll do that with, and then there's a few people I let them to my home, and then into my life. You know? Yeah. It's not really a cloud. Yeah. I'm thinking, I'm trying to get a call. I've been more, so, like, twenty-nine teen was. Yeah. And then it's, like, affirmed until, like, just shows up in my house driving your car, just, like, what is normal? Like, we don't feel, like, it's, yeah. Just, first show up. Part of the, part of the, Part of the, you're laughing like, when they're in the troll bit, but with foot. Yeah. Yeah. Christian's been moving forward a little bit. And Calvin loves with us, like, partial and beer, too. We love Calvin. Well, I have my own place now. You do. I'm, like, this amazing. Let them know. I don't know. But, you know, you can, like, come up with us, too, when you want. It's totally fine. I guess. Olympia prep. It would tend to not go. I'll probably wrap to you. I'll bring Olympia prep. Yeah. You know, like, when you wake up with the morning, he's ready to go with the camera. This is what the, this is what the guy's wanted. This is what the guy's wanted. Well, fucking safety wrapped it. This camera. Where's he? Did you want to say it because, like, 50,000 likes a bike, Kevin, uh, uh, be wrapped? There is something in everyone thought I meant, like, four times there. The truck. Did he have 50,000 likes? No way. He was 100,000 likes, I think. I said 50 actually. It was 50? I think I had that 100 though. Yeah. Well, that was, like, the camera, the same price. This video gets 50,000 likes. Two rappers. Two rappers now. I'm like just on the show day video. I'm like the last point when you show it. I'm like, bro, this is incredible. Like, I think that's what's cool too. We don't like, you don't keep up that much with each other's online shake. We're real friends. Yeah. Yeah. I stopped watching a kind of doing much when we started talking more. Yeah. I thought I wanted to get a little bit of like a tibitty more. But you know, watch any YouTube anymore. Yeah. That was quite stuff. Yeah. Caravise. We're at very great down, like reaction videos, bro. I don't know what happened to Bees. Yeah. Like, like, and then, like reaction. Yeah. Not a lot of trailers for movies. Yeah. Every, like, few months just binge all the new trailers. Yeah. And then never watch the movie. I was the original one. On the 16th. Flash. That's me for you. I don't know. Are you talking about what that weird dude that I don't want likes? Yeah. There we are. But the whole dad is coming in for a scene. How did this name? Christian Bell. No, I was the one before that. I like to monitor it before that. I like to really, really, really. Oh, the real, the thumb of the tip, my tongue. I watched it when I was a kid. Alright, yeah. So there's really a lot to it. Christian, you want to wrap it up? I think I've watched the subscribe piece.