Music What's up YouTube? Welcome to the most chaotic and organized month of vlogging to history. This is a camera we work at right now, given the ball. So we're just kind of doing random sherry now, but I'm going to get back into training, January 1st, and everything. We're going to take a little hiatus for the holidays. But people were asking about my ball head. I went down the turkey after we were in Dubai. We were in Dubai for a swell and do-by-mustle show and we kind of had a chaotic event in general. Just chaos. This is all the events. Then we went to turkey and we got a hair transplant. This company now hair time flew me out and did the procedure for me as most people like when the best place to do it. But the procedure is pretty painful. You lie on your back and they jab you pull the needles to freeze your head and it just... ...at hurt like a fucking beach. Really hurt. They numb your head and then they start injecting your head full of water. It's full of like, effort and effort and it's well, my heart starts racing. I'm like, I'm having a panic attack on my bed. And then you lie there, face down, and they drill into your head. 4,500 times, pulling out one hair at a time. Putting a little peachy dish in your line, they're awake uncomfortable. Until that's done. Then they flip you over, jick more water and shit in your head. And then they put all those hairs back into one at a time. So there's 9,000 times, essentially that they drill into your head. They can hair in that. So, it's pretty intense procedure. I'm not gonna lie. But it's not the end of the world. There's even a half hours total that I was in the hospital doing that in the procedure. So long. But my hair line looks pretty clean right now. I've been looking super weird and super bald. I had a scabbed head that was super itchy for a while. Honestly, the worst part was having scabs in the net she had. I was in the procedure. But overall, 10 days later, I'm like, it really wasn't that bad. Can't complain. And if I have a full head of hair, it will be worth it. So you guys will be obviously staying up to date with the growth of my hair. Apparently like, 4 to 6 weeks after. You get the procedure. All the new hair falls out and it re-grows and it stays after that re-grows stage. So it's 6 months. I should be looking like actually good to go. And until then, I'm probably gonna look weird and patchy bald in the buzzcat. See, bum, but that's okay. This is what it is. So, keep you guys up to date with the progress in my hair growth. Others in that were just chilling. There was a workout video that we took three or four weeks ago or something. That I'm gonna throw in here just so you have some more. I'll footage could be forgot to post that. And others in that I'm not allowed to train for 30 days. Post procedure of my hair. So I'm using it at the time for my body to recover. A little bit of stretching, a little bit of cardio, but I'm not as close as sweat or improve my blood pressure at all. So, using this time of chill, take it off. I'm gonna go home for the holidays, joyousy my family. And then we're gonna get it come back full seem to head. I'm actually gonna be having a transformation contest. We just thought because I'm gonna be just getting back in a working end. Like January 1st. My as well, like right at transformation contest through the app. And give people opportunities to do that with me. You know, new year and new me all that kind of bullshit. So, the documenting that of course, more information will be coming on that. But other than that, that's all going on. So, today I've been trained in three weeks. We're gonna show you getting all video. I'm gonna be getting skinny and fat over the holidays. Joyous, be to me. And as well, let's go on. So, yeah, we should you guys enjoy this old school workout. We're gonna throw back work out, I guess. And I'll see you guys later. What is up? YouTube. Welcome back to Lifeposts 5 feet. It's always weird weeks after the event. Training is weird, I'm tired, I'm weak, but I want to work out because I'm eating more and I've got back on diet that I did a photo shoot yesterday. Full photo shoot was a really old school vlog for a name per Binal. Very different from what I normally do and I haven't done a photo shoot since 2018. Maybe. Like a photo shoot photo shoot. So, what's interesting? I think they picked a little bit good. But we're just trying to get back in the life now. Now, I don't have to die anymore because I've got a number of photo shoots and no more shows. I had a shit ton of pancakes this morning and my belly was just like the fucking empty here. Corny made these like dense pancakes. So they're all natural organic of course. And I'm just like trying to catch my breath now. So, for the gym, train some back. No crazy work out. It's just still trying to move. Make sure my body just doesn't lock up. Yeah, I'm trying to move. It's going on. Good new car, right? So, we'll take you for a rip after this. We'll see if Calvin's still remembering how to dress thick. Hmm. So, it's weird because so old. Putting in to gear compared to my porcicle porcicle. It's like, alright, it's in a new no idea. So, it's fucking 50, five years old or 54 years old. So, well, maybe rip that after this. But, be trying to get some back warm up. I'll have a look for it. I've been the shop for nine months. Pretty easy. So, yeah, so I'm hoping to get that vaccine. I'll probably park it in back. But yeah, it's too numb. So, I'll have to it. It's funny. My body doesn't have the ability to push after a show. It's just like, it dead in my w- It makes it down. But, I probably need to get myself out of quit rest because for the last two weeks since you won't be able to sleep in, like, most nights, like, eight to nine hours in bed. I'm gonna sleep like, six to seven hours. But I'm fucking exhausted continuously when I wake up. It's recovering from perhaps self. So, making do is what we can. Training now is not crazy, but, for a little more super sets, a little more volume, pushing a little bit less. So, for a good. I'm gonna try to put this sweater on because it was cold outside today. It's for the first time in Florida. What kind of sports a playty? Problem? Um, it's like I made my own money. I have more of that to come today. Cause ,all in my office, after that, I've got all kinds of<|en|> I'm in it. How big? How's the field not being able to have to hide without your pregnant? I'm still hiding, not really. Field great, I'm free. About the degree. What the heck! I don't know if I'm going to do any free ways there. Looks like lazy as fuck. I'm not going to train for like 12 days to two weeks, going to stand myself, going to get my hair done. I'm going to turkey and get my hair changed. That's why I have shit hair cut right now. I can't cut it. I'm going to cook a bun for a while. I'm going to look like a fucking scabbed up mess for a while. I don't know if I got bald weirdo for a while. Then I'm going to look like fucking youthful, anti-aging, see if I'm going to fall out of hair. So get ready. I did not work out very well. I'm going to spend some work out anyway. I'm going to switch my work out a little bit. Now, I'll give you a more of an update when I actually have a figure out what the fuck I'm going to do. I'm going to be doing a little bit less intensity like gross blood style. So I'm going to like kind of push pull legs very ashy but not quite just so I'm not doing like six exercises on chest. My chest has been locking up and fucking up my posture. How am I favorite right at train? But I'm just training like let my body relax a little bit. I'm still training everything I need to do and then like recovery period. That is a month after competing at the Olympia. So I'm going to figure out what the fuck I'm going to do. But right now I'm going to be like three heck back exercises. I'm going to read out some biceps. Now that'll be the full workout rather than like six full back exercises. I'm going to figure it out my head. Why do you put it like this? You're not trying anymore. Why? You're not trying anymore. Yeah, but it's hard when you're just fucking compete, bro. It's like this dump of motivation for this one day that you're training all year. You look good, you're strong, fucking on all my shit. The house and you're like there's no goal. Your body hurts your tires. Your nervous system that was like running on quarter the law for months. It's just like crash and can't catch up on sleep. Please, you're going to stay motivated but not be a whole bitch. But I'm still going to be fat. Honestly, I like food more than bodybuilding right now. But keeping another couple months and it'll be back happens over you. You're going to do a nurse in six months. I'm going to take care of this pull-ups. And you pull-ups every day for the next six months. My head hurts. What? Non-mope heart. I know. I got to earn the mope heart. The mope heart is like the dream one. It's got to be perfect. This is smoggy so easily. It's like pain. Yeah. You can see your reflection. It's an old girl. You're going to pull fucking five feet on the license plate. Fastest to take you to a meal. Probably break down on me just like my truck did every time I drive into it. I have a foot. Part of the fun. What do you think he was new car? This is another car to fit in the house. What is very cool? I do. I sense hostility. I sense hostility. I'm not hostile. I do. It's been happening. You're lying. It's beautiful. I don't know much about cars but it's pretty beast. It's a pretty girly. It's a girl, right? It's a girl. It's always funny for cars. It's his gift to himself because he's having a kid. So he thought he needed a reward himself. Yeah. For a shark. That's exactly it. He's just like, wow. I did a good job. He did a good job. Yeah, right. I got the truck last year. Well that's yours. Wait. Wait. I'm not sure if I can get it. I'm not sure if I can get it. I'm not sure if I can get it. I'm not sure if I can get it. I'm not sure if I can get it. Oh yeah. I've misheard everything. We all just said. I think it's all the kids. We're helping. We're helping. We're in the China. Oh yes. Then we'll put the baby in the passenger seat with the half seat belt over it. Let me take Courtney picture of that. Just a baby with the half seat belt over it. I'm going to say sitting in the chair on the side seat. She's going to freak out. I need to do my own set of pull ups. I have to do more pull ups. Yeah. Pulling the authority right now. You do a hundred for a Murphy. Yeah. Or maybe a 40 if you're motivated for it. So I don't have to be perfect. What? I don't have to be perfect. She's a little bit. She's a little bit. I'm floundered. I don't see the hardest part. I'll probably be all of it. Squats in the run. Fuck me. They were going to do a Murphy when you're pregnant. Can I borrow five of her? A monster. A lot of her. A lot of her. You can do a half-murf. Is there a few male merch for you? They do the same one. They do the same one. They do the same one. It's hard for us. They could probably do it easier. A bunch of giant judge will like a hundred pull-ups. Hard. A hundred pull-ups. A hundred pull-ups. Yeah, a hundred push-ups. A hundred push-ups. I can't even do two pull-ups. I can do three when I even was the perfect one. I don't know how long you could take you. From start to finish, just do a hundred pull-ups. It'd be like two days. I had a lot of joke. He'll hit me. It would. She's got a hundred pull-ups. You're supposed to also do Murphy for the 20 pound bass. Let's just start basically. Got a 20 pound bass on. Yeah, I did. I don't look cool. I did. What? It's your turn. What? It's your turn. Yeah. Got to beef that baby up. Yeah, it needs to run a cycle on first day out. I'm telling you. I'm telling you. Oh, you got to be talking about the baby. It's going to come out like Benchay and like... It has this cycle. Unlike you guys, you guys have to be one of those guys that don't touch my bar. Because of that not. Yeah. I mean it's not for a page up so... But it's like... Keep clean. It's 60 in like 20 minutes. Really hard to enter. I've been doing 20 each set. You get it? I know you have to. Why could you do 20? I'd be crazy. I feel like if you're going to do 20, then you should do 10. If you get close to 2 plus a failure, or whatever you do to your own career. That's great. She sets the tap. Yeah. She's just shooting by steps and redelts for the rest of the year. Yeah, broken. Oh my god. She's just a child. Someone's going to do the trip. Wait, wait. Where are you? I'm going to get one stop. She's going to get scared. Really? It's good. Hey, I'm coming back. I'm going to get you back. She's a chef there. I don't know where it's going. Come back if you get me. I'm going to get a chicken and a shoulder. That's going to be a lawnmower. I don't know if gasoline is wasted just burning. It's going to fall apart. It's a little choppy. It's like driving. That's a catch. It's a good catch. It's a good trip. It's not very important. It's not very important. It's a good push. It's pretty good speed. That was second year. It's probably a 35. There goes the back tires. You can't drive that. You can't drive that. It's fun. You can't drive that. You can't drive that. It's fun. You feel like you're fucking taking back a few years. I don't know what's going on for the rest of the time. Maybe. That thing said. It's a good trip. It's a good trip. It's a good trip. I'll see you guys in the future.