Now Chris, I told him it was very very close to the end, but at the end of the day it was the mustache that brought him in. You know I have to pay the latches at the one time and got there at me. I was ready to rock this ass on stage, but this year was... It's alright, now it has to be done. Come on, come on Chris, come on, come on, come on. We come on, let me check, come on, let's go, we won. What is up YouTube? Not really ready, because my hair is crazy and I didn't even know that I was going to do it. But the mustache is making it superior. The beard is gone. I'm like a reverse sips and if you know that guy is, the shape my beard and my classic easy comes up. So this is when it's down to the nitty-gritty of the time I shave my beard. If you have no, you know the first year 2018 that shaved off my mustache wasn't ready to rock it. 2018 my bucket rocking the mustache on stage, first ever in a few minutes. And I've done it ever since now. It's like my symbolic game time, lock it in, face the skinny, and I'm ready to fucking go. So, the beard's gone and this is our last day in Canada or Florida. This is a fucking weird. The last day in Florida, according to actually just last, because she's bringing poppy to Chicago, leaving poppy to Chicago and then she's meaning as a big as tomorrow. So, the last day here, last work here, here, everything here. The packing, the name is ready and it is hard to fuck packing. When we get a show, my brain is like, I'm like tired, I'm like, if you can go out high for my own. I get super lazy, but Courtney absolutely hooked it up. Don't worry, you can show the fridge, haven't I? I have all my meals trapped in here. She's got even children. She's got four meals trapped. Some cucumber, if I get hungry, a little bit of bulk chicken, a little bit of bulk turkey, so I can freeze and bring with me, and some bags of rice, so that I have everything I need for the day. I'm going to eat breakfast here, then we're going to beat up there and go grocery shopping, do everything I need there. I'm losing my money, so that's all. But also, join over with me and bring it to. This is my like fun little thing. I've had these sitting in my garage for a minute. These are no loss and fountains. These are the Chicago's OGs, 2015, Jordan Monz, that I've been preparing to wear the Titsa Olympia. Michael Jordan used to lay stuff his own shoes himself, everything was game and it was like his ritual that he has to do. One time of train actually lay shoes up for him and he's like, fuck that, he'll get me new shoes I need to lay some up. So I'm bringing these to Vegas like this, and I'm going to be rocking them just kind of leaving the peak. We've churned on my inner Michael Jordan, don't we ask for that 4-peat? Yeah, that's kind of what it's going on. I'm trying to finish packing that thing. Today's arm day comes again in the terracat. We're just kind of getting everything finalized, so I'm going to be gone for about 3-4 weeks. We're going to go to Canada for Christmas and then we're going to go Chicago. First, we're going to go on Peterwin. So I'm making my meal number 2 right now. And you know it's a great sign when honey sees my chickens and he's like, alright. Yes, really he told me not to do night time cardio tonight, I'm doing night time cardio. But he told me to add some fats in my diet, so I get some avocado. And I get either more avocado at night or steak at night, so I might stop by frozen, get steak later tonight. But it's a good sign when you're week and a half out of any there. Okay, if I can peel, we don't want to get you too flat. We've got a little less cardio, we don't want to eat it like the shrink down. We have a little more fats, just kind of like fill you up a little bit and not like with her away. And these last few stages feel good to like be on point if not ahead of anything. It's a lead to make a weight, so we're working on that. But that's everything that's going on today, so I'm going to finish up packing, get my food ready, get all my stuff ready, get everything ready. Eat, probably not taking nap because I'm exhausted just from doing all this shit. We're going to go treat some arms, bring it in a little pump, it's just possible. And that's it, so we'll see you guys there. Alright, so this is the... Final last workout in Rwajum. Luckily it's a little dead right now, but shouldn't be music because it's opening, so put my headphones in and get to it. You guys know the drill, just trying to get my blood flow and blood flow right now because we give my body up right now. The hardest thing to do, I went and I laid down the spawning after packing and shit and I just like chill. Maybe I'm going to read what you're sure is something you should close by for a second and then I couldn't move for like an hour and I woke up. I was like trying to get my ass out of bed and it has to hold shower and just like slot my face and wake up. Eat and come here. Hopefully that means tomorrow on the flight, like a five hour flight, I can just close my head and take the whole way. But until then, we're going to get to see how I'm workout. I've got a crush just how I'm workout because I'm there at point where I've got this here. I'm not losing in the last week, so we're going to get a good workout in. We're wrapping up here in Florida. Call us today. Yeah. Yeah. This machine was too late for me. My off season. I could barely use it because it's too late. I actually didn't get 10 reps. Fucking hell. Yeah. Yeah. Good. You're a whole thing about today. Three people. Oh, male, I couldn't die. It's all I want to hear. Someone said you look good and I'll look like fuck you. Oh, male, I couldn't die. Okay, look like what I want to hear. How do you make my face even more sunken in? Perfect skeleton. Red skull. Fucking Captain Mercury. Oh, it's been over. It's been over. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.