Alright, fourth video starts today is the drop of the Olympia C-Bomb fitness merch shop Who in life today? I finally had everything here, so I'm gonna have Calvin overlaze some of the shorts and overlaid the other hat When I'm talking we just throw it up however he wants but I got a few of the things here This is our like old English B hat We literally just had this in an old design of what that looks sick on a hat So we threw it on a hat. You got a crew neck bump lifting club super simple number 43 bonus points if you know what that never means Got another hoodie standard purple 43 in the background again champion mentality We're in these 30s in the house on a cold fuck after the cold tub and we have champion mentality T-shirt here super simple for restocking some of the shirts that sold out really quick So we got the dreamless intent and What the love of the favorites don't be skinny bitch was this going the back and then we have a bunch of other We have no equipmentality fun. We have a penny that I was working out in like a basketball penny As a champion mentality all at the office I thought it was here So you're getting to go to the website and check it out, but it's C-bumb dash fitness dot com check it out We're shopping with my today at 12 p.m. Eastern so don't miss out We got shorts as well three different styles shorts. They've got a lot of things Love got slate cream and black shorts and then they're all gonna be up on the same 12 so pretty shit you guys All right, what is up YouTube we are here in Little sanctuary. This is the front of the gym and it was being used as a storage compartment for a while because I have a roommate right now I'm moving out of a house trying to move into new house to a hub of house It's just chaotic life right now So we're so much a shit here. It just moved it all out how to punch a movie's come putting in storage We had to get everything out of our old house too But this is where I've been spending a good amount of my time doing it today because I have a roommate be The gym is literally behind those windows and I will show you and And let me what more excuse you need to know that I was being alone Walking at you so pretty dope honestly and definitely some mayonnaise for just some like a lawn space and somewhere to like a Nap on this beautiful Costco couch and then watch some TV watch some bleach some anime whatever I haven't adjusted this up, but I even brought my PS5 over and that hooked up in there This is pretty honest with you set up. We've got a fridge in here right now. It's pretty boring Literature's got some sugar cups and water gatorate and some honey my favorite condiments But eventually I'm gonna have like both of our cats snacks treats good shit when I'm not in private I can make sure eat stuff. We've got a little desk set up over here the microwaves and All the supplements you could imagine that you need for it workout, but right now It's like day and I had to come in here. Let's move over there and move some shit So I'm gonna eat my meal right now. It's kind of sad now my meals. I only have a type of where that's like this big But they do not fill the top we're at all anymore. They're getting pretty low Okay, so I'm just coming up my colors again and up the cardio a little bit more so Time to fucking get shredded my way to come in down now. That was so totally good signs I mean eat this chicken rice meal. Watch show train legs here in like an hour Comes in to come we have a merch shop coming up next week which by the time the videos up honestly We'll probably be live. I think but we gotta shoot some more shirts because there's a big a strap and yeah It's all it's really going on today. So my correct warm this meal up All right, so this is pretty much a setup, but this is where I spend Good amount of my time especially my pre-workout time We got some nice chicken and rice got 180 grams of white rice 180 grams of chicken breasts Maybe I'll do a full day of eating. It's pretty much the exact same food that been eating just less calories So I feel like it's just boring to continue to do that and I'm getting to the point now Where my breakfast is pretty good. That's still have the same size pancake breakfast that I make and it every meals a little bit smaller My last two meals don't have any carbs so when I go to bed I am like fucking hungry like I email ask me to go right to bed so I've suddenly most of it But by the time I like breastfeeding teeth lie down Something is like grumbling in hungry and I wake up through the night like starving and wake up in the morning starving Do my cardio and then just like crave those pancakes in the morning. It's beautiful So been enjoying that pancake but the days have been hungry I've been trying to keep myself busy, but also get really fucking tired now So more keep myself busy. I'm gonna get to the gym later on day whatever I'm like overly exerted and exhausted because I just have no nutrients or energy inside me So kind of a fine balance of like not sitting down and going crazy thinking about big serving and not overexerving yourself Because of me going for like a walk into not even walking around the mouth. I'll go into them I'm exhausted at this point. So it's pretty fucking sad life But it's a life of a bodybuilder training. It's so I'm gonna enjoy this Got some nice honey mustard for my pre-workout meal because I love this shit I know I have calories, but I've been eating this on Consistently the same amount of meals for my entire prep so as I lower my calories everywhere else It stays the same I'm not adding more Condiments are more calorically dead as condiments so it really doesn't matter But yeah, it's my pre-workout meal down this horse and bleach Chill out a little bit warm up a little bit at the gym because it takes me all the other body of life stretch walk whatever and That's what's going on. So I'm gonna enjoy this and see you guys later You All right, here we are like day at 3.3 weeks out The Olympia so that's like 24 days or something I don't know I should probably know exactly but that means I have a proxonedly one two Including this like three more quad days workouts real leg workouts So getting down to like those final workouts time to lock it in I tried to do like some dynamic stretching and probably like a fucking very inflexibility Because I don't I do those like once a week maybe for the last four weeks to sort them up for legs My body just so like tired and like energy is like movement and the more tired you get the more you sit around and do nothing And I just get fucking like stagnant So you take move my body stretch everything out a little bit. It's actually a little bit energy going So I can start this workout, but you're gonna start off with quad extensions as always I'm not trying to rewrite anything new now trying to handle your records. That's for the name sure right now I've dropped some weight some officially under 250 pounds now Which made me I lost like a pound and I could feel it in my body. It was tires and I'm getting drier So I'm starting to start protecting my joints a little bit more and not hurt myself But I'm gonna start with this as usual move on to some same bullshit I've been doing over there We got a new like hip press like press from pure iron so I might try that out today I use it one leg so I don't know if I'll really use it or not today, but we'll see I'll try it out and then we'll go from there but I'm starting off here Woo! crown I'm so happy I got to do some heavy leg press after this. All right, the three sets here. I would do like five to seven reps and then when I felt like really like my most connection was like belt throughout the set, I was just doing the lockout portion to really squeeze up into my upper quad and hip. I'm making sure I'm just getting really tight contraction and I would do that for like five reps. And then I would just try to finish the set until failure. That three times over and it really gets your good squeeze and your upper quad. Sometimes some people like myself, you're like lower quad, it'll be more dominant unless of your hip is taking into it and I'm trying to get like that waist to hip flare. So that's why I've been doing a lot of different style of things that's used to build my upper quad with rather than the deer drop. All right, like press squat press, whatever you want to call this thing, it might be loud with the wind right on my face and I know you guys hate that. But fucking love this machine lately. Again, filling it up into my hip to right here super deep into my quad. A little bit late sometimes. I'm pretty dead this morning so we'll see if it's like 12 reps is hard. But if I get to eight reps and it feels easy, I'm going to rack it at eight reps. This is all because it's max out. I'm going to rack it at eight reps, rest pause, 10, 15 seconds rest, go get in the fat out there just to get even more than 12 reps out of it and that's going to be the top set. So yeah stay tuned and wish me luck. Off! Dead! I've probably got a heavier from last week, which is the good thing. So push it into weight, but if my body's getting leaner than it needs to be, it's three weeks that I shouldn't be. Me, too, I'm saying the same strength. Otherwise, it got to start fucking cutting a lot harder. So yeah, but I'm gonna keep pushing the weight. And the other set, the same weight, without the rest-boss, trying to hit like 10, and move on from this shit. Ugh. Ugh. Ugh. Ugh. Ugh. Ugh. Ugh. Ugh. Ugh. Ugh. Ugh. Ugh. Ugh. Ugh. Ugh. Ugh. Ugh. Sometimes I get scared on these machines. If you look at such a small machine, or me and Leighette, it's a few of the things that just small machine to have fucking 22 times, 45 place hanging on the edge. This napped while I'm pushing it hard to the can, something breaks in my legs just like lunch. Yeah. All right, PC, boom. I like to do this belt squat at least once a week, depending on what I'm doing in my hamster or quadale, do it on either day. But last hamster and glute day, your phone just fell. I did single leg leg press, really I was pushing on my heel. So we're going to be doing this today. And at my spine, got a little bit crush I was doing overhead press. This thing was like two and a half plates. I kind of overarged a little bit too much in my back like hyper extended. So it was a little sore, and this is going to be honestly pulled it in the opposite direction. So another reason I'm doing that, fix my back, get some fucking big old meat sticks for legs. Oh. Oh. I love one guy, Oh, I love that guy. I love you, I love you. Unless you win kick-off, get your ball back CLIs changed to — you read that This was awesome though, but mainly the enemies have admitted one more thing the camera never happened.otive Yeah, that last rep hit me hard. Alright, been a chaos. Phone calls, I don't want to get phone calls up in the middle of workout. Trying to compartmentalize, push that aside, back to the leg workout. I just said four sets, ten reps, three plates on the Smiths machine. Still pretty good. Surprisingly, really fucking heavy last few reps. I was done, just trying to get like a proper squat motion to have been doing so much machines lately, but keeping it light so I don't fucking my spine up or anything like that. That's why I didn't have you shit on the leg press and everything. Now, we're done the hardship mainly. I'm gonna do some split squats for lungy super set with spot extensions. Adductors, call it a day. Kinda sad, how fucking heavy that could feel was zero weight at the end of a leg workout. Super set with spot extensions, but it feels good to get a nice little stretch, like a lunge motion. If you just move the body in different directions, single leg, all that bullshit, you know? Fuck all that shit. It's trying to get some big legs. All right, last super set, this leg day we're done. Adductors and calves. That's it. We're going into the, trying to get some of these juicy adductors to fill in my quads. So when I open my legs in a post, there's no thigh gap. Just fucking me on the one that's getting a bit stye gaps and calves because calves are life. All right, it's gonna be you up. On today's video, just finished up shooting some merch photos for the Seapom Fitness Drop. Probably the day this video's gone, but I don't really know when they're going up. But in light of like day today, I decided to do cardio later in the day. So typically I wake up with new fastens, this is the first day. I was like, fuck, I'm gonna try doing cardio in the day because I want my legs to be much more fresh. So I just woke up, sent honey, subjections, apricfis, relax a little bit more, came to the gym. I honestly feel like I had a little bit more energy. And in lieu of wearing the GVRS, 1% better shirt, this is one of those things where like, sometimes I get a little bit too crazy on myself. And I feel like like I just got a phone call in there and it takes me to the fucking workout and I'm 1% off or if I can be 1% better by doing this with my sodium earlier in the day or cardio later, earlier in the day and I'm trying to find tune everything. I truly think those little things get like a obsessive throat prep and they're not a bad thing. But if you live like that constantly, I feel like it drives you absolutely insane and people who can live like that every day they're life good for you. But I noticed my obsession of getting 1% better or 0.001% better every single little thing that I can tackle on. I just find tuning little things away. I cook my rice differently the way I do this differently. It's going to make me the best Bible I can be. But it makes me a little bit obsessive and sometimes when something goes wrong, it makes me anxious at like I'm batting 1% worse. And I search up obsessive with that. And that actually trickles out to make me 2% worse because I'm stressing about it. So there's this fine line of being able to manage that pressure of trying to be constantly being better because the harder you're trying to find tune everything, the more worry some and stress that you can make yourself out when they're not getting better. So that's just one of those things that can mentally try to manage and kind of just sharing with you guys stuff that I do. But today I felt pretty good honestly to be doing cardio after legs. So maybe I'll talk to honey and be actually like keep doing that or now I feel a bit like, oh, don't do that. You have to do fast it or I don't know. We'll find out. We're going to let's feel pretty good today for legs. Got through a good workout. I did some squats having no no while they're super light but just really repenant out and felt overall pretty good. So I'm happy. Like I said, weights come in now and now, striking range to make weight and not have to like kill myself with cardio or sorry water and sodium the day of the way in which makes me look better on show day. So yeah, 1% every day trying to get better and better doing everything again to win the fifth title and bring you guys along the journey. So thank you for watching. I'll see you guys in the next video.