Then, let's go to the chili. The chili. Don't tell anybody about the secret chili. Come on! Come on Chris! Come on, you're one and still! Four, two, three, four, four, four, four, four, four. What's the... You're right here, you're right here. You're right here, you're right here. You're right here, you're right here. We're going to the four. You're going to be like, we're going to the four, right here. Yes, we're going to the four, right here. I love this. It's very, very, very nice. I really like this one. Awesome. Oh my God, so cool. Yeah. I don't know, I feel like probably these chairs are like 300 years old. I don't know, but I'm like, oh my god, these chairs look like a castle man too. We're going to have vintage masculine ovens. Yeah, very vintage masculine. You're like, we're only the medieval kind. I feel like it's like your grandparents house, like when you're not allowed to touch this stuff, right? This is like this room in that room. Oh my god. Do you have a casting in there? I don't know. I think they might be leather. But I like leather to show. Oh, okay. It's all about portions. Yeah, exactly. And the gym. Oh, that is. Yeah. You're going to go back there too. Oh, this is all about. Most of the ladies, most of that. Let me score a few of the boys in the room. I don't know. I think that's actually like this part of the gym floor. I think it's 1000. I think. Now. Not sure how much of old. Oh, there's outside. There's a lot of old ladies. They're making an anime stuff. I'll show you this. This is where like the ground line. You're going to go in train. So I don't go up here. Sorry. That's our one piece of car. We're going in there. It's not like. It's all the car. There's sometimes. We do a crowd. So that counts too. Yeah. We're just walking up and down these stairs. You know, like, shits. It's terrible. It's so cool. It's so cool. It's a little toast that you just converted. Yeah, it was actually a business. It was like, like some sort of like specialized furniture business or something. Yeah. Yeah. So it was like when I was like, I was training my first minimum at 40. And then like I, when I kind of just ended there, I kind of told him, I was like, hey man, I don't really, you know, know how to Berge this, but like I'm kind of leaving and do my own thing. He's like, oh, he's like, yeah, I had no big deal. I was actually like this close to telling him, I'm going to like over my own place and just trying to get you away from your anyway. I was like, oh, sweet. He's like, all this fast track. He's like, we'll get something built open and it's possible. And I was like, oh, he's shit. I was like, all right. Sweet. And so later we just started like looking around at places in the real estate agent. Like a first look at a bunch like, you know, Palac warehouse style, like building and then she's like, she's like, she knows Dave's, he's like, he's like, you know, all the fancy, like, decorate all that shit. I just picked all the equipment, but all the design stuff I got on, no about fancy things. And so anyway, she's like, we got this really, like kind of like cool unique building. So I don't know if it'll work for a jam, but like I figure it'll show it to you. And so he basically said like he had an idea of like, we can keep that. He wanted office out of his home as well too. So he was like, you think he can fit everything in this part. And I'm just like, yeah, share it with you. And also like I just kind of like, I did like some like really rough like square foot sketches and stuff. And I had a pretty guy like, I'll just order a little bit less stuff to start. And then there's like kind of piece me all together. And yeah, we got perfect. That's great. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, go to the floor. Nice. Yes. Pardon me. Pardon me. Love it. He started really young and I did like, because when did you turn the probe? I took a probe, twenty one. Yeah. I thought that that makes shows. I've only done like a lot of 12 shows total. Yeah. That's good though. That's really nice. I'm doing really shows. And that's the rough part. Yeah. Maybe we'll maybe let's do it. Maybe we'll just start. So you don't have to go like, he should have eaten. Maybe we'll just like a like, super set, maybe like, lay curls and lay extensions. And then just kind of get everything warmed up and probably do like maybe. Probably like the way I prefer to. It was maybe just like one heart set and everything today. And then maybe towards the end if we have something pretty locked in. Maybe two cents on something. But I started the isolation stuff and now we don't have to do a billion points. If we do like a squat variation or a leg course variation or something. Two. Two. Three. Time you guys. Yeah. Like don't. So I need slightly just a little more more. I'll go over back. I'll go over back. Yeah. And bro. And this one we'll try to block it down. Slag your legs a little closer together. Actually turn it there. Go your kneecaps. Point a little more straight up and turn that way just tap. There you go. See how that feels. So a bit. Just one. Just one. Just one. Just one. Just one. Yeah. All those warm-up just pop. Both hands kind of like you were doing almost a million. Four paws. Don't quite let it rest. Good. Do a couple of worry bringing down just about three inches right to my hand. Pause. Then back up. And then four wrap down is bottom. All the way hold. Then up about three inches. Then back. And then four wrap. Just do a couple more like that. Right there. Pause. Yeah. Back up. Pause. Yeah. Or a squeeze. You know, just a little bit. Back in. Or a squeeze. Just one more. Each way like that. Pause. Go again. Squeeze. Just a little out. Right there. Or it's going again. Good. Pause. Pause. Toes up. Down point. Can I go? Definitely. Like, somebody doesn't say it's like dramatically like I'm feeling something needed like cramping in my lower leg. Somebody says I'm feeling my calf cramping in my shin, you know, that 18 muscle cramping. I might kill him something. But if nobody says anything, I just leave him wherever they go. Let's do a couple of the same things here. So, I'm always the top. A little longer. Hold him. Bring it down. Just a little bit right there. Back up. Good. Same thing at the bottom. Just go down. A little pause. Are we up? Oh, with that go. Or the squeeze. Hold it down. Up. Squeeze. Up. Same thing. One more. Two more. Squeeze. Or we down. Or we down. Just a little hard control. Yeah. Nice. And super fancy between those pauses or whatever. But like, obviously we think about it's like the kind of common sense thing. But obviously if you're going to exercise, you're doing it intentionally to use your muscles. But sometimes obviously if you're just kind of going through the motion, even if you just do the pauses, sometimes you're still just kind of going through the motion. Or if you literally even give yourself because obviously the distance doesn't matter. But if you go from like a full contraction to like, okay, I'm going to bring it down through and then contract again and then same thing at the other end of the range. Because nobody messes up in the middle. We mess up at the ends. I'm going to exercise basically. So just like a little. I'll do it half time when I'm warming up. Just to see him like am I actually thinking about the things that I'm doing? Or I just. Yeah. It's going to the motion. Because I was like, that's the, I think the most neglected it. Not I could say it about a lot of things, but one of the most neglected things for people is their warm-ups. But it's like all they're thinking about is getting their top sets. So obviously that's half the point of them. But it's like, well if you get just do a couple really simple things to think about like, I'm not using my muscles the whole time, and obviously it's a more effective use of your warm-ups. And then some stuff as well too. For people that are like actually strong. Like if you can do things to make things just a little bit harder. Like I don't like to get too cut up with the tempo stuff. You know, we're doing like, you know, eight second negatives are really long causes or things like that. Like I like the idea of having something somewhat standardized. But if you can make a little bit harder, again, like from the top, little pause, making sure you're really in contractions, then it's going to be at least still as challenging on the muscle. You know, any one has to put quite a billion pounds on the challenge of the joints. Yeah. Yeah, exactly. Especially like your big movement, because what I tell people all the time is like squat pattern and things. Like that's almost every time like the little slower time tricks, the longer pause in the bottom. And it's like it'll, you know, humble your routine of it. Because like your muscles are quadriding it just as much stimulus, but then you have, don't need as much loading or tire spine, or so everything else. Is it more of a thing? You do cut a little bit more. I don't know if there's one or two set of. But if I'm going to let your last one off, that your segment last will still do the same tempo you would normally go that. Let's go over the last two seconds. I'll try to put the answer just for a last. If you select it, this will be shim. It's going to be a little pause still. Just get lost when you do it. Don't worry, then. Okay. Thanks for that to be. I think that's the stuff that I think makes a settle difference over time. And you get spawning straight forward. Just do pause, right? You don't have to do the end range, like short ones. Just a little pause in the bottom. Hard squeeze at the top. There you go. Just think really smooth in that top. No bounce. Nice hard contraction. Squeeze. Good. Just whatever one or two more. I'm going to have a little less volume on the big stuff. But generally for hamstrings, do I like it? I don't do a whole lot of different replanches by muscle group. But for some reason, I do think hamstrings respond a little bit better to slightly lower. So, generally, I always do like a working set with hamstrings. I can 5-8, you know, whereas most of the things, that's a huge difference. But most of the things are normally kind of lower and more around like, 7-8, something like that. Have you used a seat belt before? No, I'm not. I'll be trying. I mean, it's pretty straight forward, I'll show you just a real quick. Should I go? Yeah, it's a two-back one. I feel like Chewbacot was probably a beast in the gym. So, let's think it makes sense. That's all I say on this hand, but just before you get yourself in, I'll do the same thing. I'll probably see it. I'm showing how to do the seat belt from like a flight attendant. I fucking know how to use the seat belt. But just the tightening is this part right here. So, if you think that is tight as you go, then that's basically how I want it. Set up as tight as you possibly can before you're in here. And all the same thing will put this down because that's why I did that before. So, then I want you to smash this as tight as you possibly can down on your thighs. Just so basically have nothing moving. And then the only thing that will be slightly different on this is like you actually want to use it. So, it's like normally when you start a leg crunch, you're kind of like smashing into here and when you start. When you're coming into the finish, like that's the only issue obviously you could have here. So, the weight is pulling you that way so it pulls you out of the seat. So, just feel like you're pushing into the hamstring. As you're, excuse me, into the seat belt. As you're coming into the finish. Very exact. So, actually, again, I want to use it. This is where you go to show that like people think of equipment manufacturers. You know what they're doing just because of machines exist. But I would say like the number one proof like if there's any machines that you think would have like sea belts. It would be like a leg curl or like a leg extension. It's just like a leg like fucking sea sun you out. But they don't do that. They put it on the hamstring shoulder press. Right? Have you seen that? You know what I'm talking about? That's like I'm going to always, and so it's the one that's pushed as you fucking down in the seat. And that's the one that would have to see belt out. Like this is just let you know they have no idea what they're doing. That's in case like the whole gym tips over a while you're there. You only want to do this right? This is the pull-up. Which one is that pull-up? Oh yeah, yeah. Some of them. Some. Yeah. You just keep them to your left. You can see the part of the top. And the longer part of the rest. The whole length of the exercise top. And the pause. There we go. Squeeze. Now you see where someone just practice kind of pushing into that seat belt as you can. And the pause. Good. Hard squeeze. Just thinking traction. There's nowhere to go. Just can track. There we go. Because that's where I was just thinking about. Just thinking about what I'm going to do. Just squeeze. Good. You know, take your left hand on this one. And track. Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go. Let them. Go one more. Pause. Part of squeeze. Go, go, go, go, go, go, go. Yeah. Nice. That's the opposite. That's the opposite. Right. It was a pretty just like that. That's like I think my how I can make the top. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Nice. Good. That's where they count. Come on now. That's right. Come on. Hard. You just think the same thing. Visualize the same thing at the top. How hard can you make it? Good. Come on. Again. All the way up. Hard squeeze. There we go. Keep going. Couple more with that. Just think about your quality. How hard can you can track. Go, go, go, go. Again. Slow. No way down. No bounce. Hard. Contraction. Come on. Up. Up. Come on. Ten on ten. The hard can. Hard can finish finish finish. Nice. What is up YouTube? You're here with Mr. Joe Bennett. You go live. Having you to make some job. Yeah. Got him on about time. Okay. The hyper-chipy coach. We're down here in Tampa for a summer shedding. Day three right now. Whatever. And half Joe. If you could put me through a workout. He goes to eat out. He just trained like so he's not training with me. He's really good. He's always not training. Last time we trained like together and he kept up. So I'm not doing it. I'm not doing it. I have it that week's document and so look back. Yeah. So you can't pitch out. But yeah, he put me through a leg workout right now. We're here. Is the chairman of a name or is it just kind of like incognito? All the lines down. The lines down. Yeah. Private the loge in that that was loud. So here are by ourselves. Miss Olympi in the background training likes. Just in my back there. I think that doesn't know. But that's really all it's going on. That's what we're going to be doing. I'm going to show you the transmite. So stay tuned and listen to Mr. Joe because he's full in all the gym. We're trying to learn how to do the advice. Same to the positive time. Let's go. Perfect. I'm going to wrap up. Everyone might die. Awesome. Time. It's sweet. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Again, I think smooth to the finish. Don't think about where the pad does. Just contract those in. Here we go. Good. Again. Pause. Contract. Contract. Contract. Good. We got another one. We want to pause the top here. And we'll stretch. And we'll do it. We'll do it. We'll do it. We'll do it. We'll do it. We'll do it. We'll do it. We'll do it. We'll do it. We'll do it. We'll do it. One more. Come on. Go. Go, go, go. Go, go, go. Go. One more. It's smooth. Come on. Go, go, go. Yeah. Nice. There we go. You don't get that one. There's your movement. Yeah. That's what I'm holding this up. There you go. Nice. You know what? Yeah. That's the point. Good. Good. not doing time just keep them pretty don't think about reps just keep in the same I got that finish for you smooth pause hard squeeze yeah good we got another one squeeze squeeze squeeze squeeze but don't want last one go go go go go go go go I must need to stretch on you staying there mean for keep pressing down just a little bit wrap on here like hug it there you go and hold I'm going to count 30 seconds keep the pressure on here light pressure down and there you go don't let up keep going come on about 20 seconds left perfect keep some tension on breathe into a nice and slow 15 good minute keep going like pressure 10 keep going keep going 5 4 3 2 1 1 2 1 1 1 1 1 nice I almost feel bad so you can stretch on you I just stuck it in hug my into the pity it so you can just keep that thought for us just keep it wide enough great reps that's your focus not better right here nothing to do with the pad how hard can you to stretch there we go there we go good rep and come on best ones now same pace don't rush out of body hard squeeze good lower drop of control everything the same now come on up up up up up up got another one slow on the way down let's go hard up up up one more come on best rock now best rock let's go finish finish finish nice it's really nice it is heavy it is heavy you guys have no idea that's him and we have no idea that's him and we have we just go I like the Atlantis on the way I'm so happy with this it's just my favorite nothing really magic I honestly like this really heavy like I said you don't put a button to add to it like a platform angle it's basically made defining factors for like a heck or a pen it's really kind of the platform angle relative to the art you have some shitty ones people get on like they don't like you know the way it feels or what they're need sometimes like that's the self difference is normal the angle is like too close and that's what tends to grind up people's needs it's going to go too up yeah yeah because it's as soon as you basically have the point where you know as you're folding you want your need to be able to travel forward as soon as this doesn't fold anymore then it's got to go somewhere else next join line is going to be the knee so if you're not taking it to the end of your ankle mobility generally it's going to be more comfortable in the knees and you know taking it just making sure that you have a stance you know that's comfortable for your hips as well through the better your ankles can move and the better your hips move the easier it is going to be underneath and then obviously generally it's easier for you to get more of your clothes so that's easier to bring them down just a little bit then if I'm off you can take them down that's more comfortable so that's what I feel down bragging here your knees and these are crazy it's only crapping you minor so much worse and that's my knees have got to be better like honestly have some like the loudest like crappiness in the knees ever and it's not a good thing I don't know what like they were in 2017 of the worst and they were like bad for a while and in the last year yeah then the best they've been yeah hopefully get better I mean that's one of the weird things normally you know what is this down to freight car literally on freight car literally like the first signs of not going to be good but I mean it's a little bit of again the controversy is can you like regrow car literally you're not and some people say no but you know but if you can find because like that's half the cliche things for something like something or tough to tell when you're doing them it's going to be like orthopedically bad and like tendons stuff is kind of different but with like car like you have kind of like a you know two bones articulating you have car literally on car literally like you can really find places that are immediately comfortable it can kind of spare that basically so it's like the joke to is you find things or footstances or positions that are less loud then you're literally just because it's it's just a matter of like surface context so if you literally just stands and stuff sometimes instead of putting more pressure in this position it's more pressure in this position so you can actually have kind of different wear patterns you like the exact same thing every single time that is one arguments for having slight adjustments and like you know movements and things like that not come more narrow of my stance over the years yeah that's just better if you know it does okay maybe just because of the hips yeah yeah yeah it's like squat like super like pretty wide yeah now I can like come here like my capability of better something so I can closer and then yeah maybe it was exactly that yeah yeah you kind of built pretty well for some hours so if you can go either way then kind of just go where you come good rest nice and you can pay some that long really work on that piece any slower into the bottom fight that button there we go you know someone like eight to tenish maybe yeah yeah what do you think normally put the most volume someone's like like let's say like beginning of the season and the end of off season the prep like where do you have the most like probably right in the middle of like kind of in the middle of the beginning of prep so like typically like so what I'm doing is for Terrence right now is because his recovery phase I took volume wrap button and then so now we're kind of starting to point where you can grow a little bit and so I'm just working up now but I'll kind of keep this or that kind of like what I would call if I'm looking at different levels like kind of medium volume and I'll probably not know if you need to go yeah medium volume but look well there it's probably I'll work up slowly to probably twice as much volume as we had in the recovery phase and then when he starts a prep you know I might the first maybe anywhere it depends just kind of the state that he's in where his nutrition is at like that's why just having ideas where he's doing from his coach you know there might be a little bit of a taper up there again so like generally in the beginning of a prep anywhere from like you know if it's he'd be doing like say a 16 week prep 16 weeks out you know maybe somewhere for ten I might taper it off just a bit of it's going and then generally we'll get to a point where kind of stable life is then at some point time I start to taper it back down a down. Yeah but it's always saying I try to really prioritize I'm still much rather prioritize intensity then volume pretty much at all times because I still always go back and forth like you know it's like there's so many moving parts it's like for me to honestly compare when we do those volume ramp ups slight because I like basically another weekend and then there you should lead to a little bit more growth but then I still always the bait like would it be better if we just kind of left it where it is and just wouldn't you be able to progress a little bit faster so I always mess around with that subtle amount like from you know offseason the prep or whatever because again I still think you know again intensity like what he's doing for specific exercises for specific rep ranges is more important than you know how many sets can we do you know those files you need to finish somewhere up perfect actually all I regret like that not contagious you got you you thought keep it the same old net bond yeah keep going up good I make a part of me come on make these reps down the first one's own it own it own it own it our breasts bounce out of the bottom and we thought it's going to make it hard done and control on that bottom there we go come on we got another one that's the reps now come on pretty control control control our push our push one last one come on one more that's going on stay tight control control our push our push finish I got you know that was your last good not mine did you know your last good not mine yeah I really just watched that much that feels like you're in the walk you know it's difficult yes that's not good I'm used to pedal in the long time yeah that was a good set like honestly I literally like I put my I'm sure you can probably fill my hands on but like the like the third the last one I lose how my hands on the second the last one I probably give you like a couple pounds so I'm just giving it the right spot so it feels like I'm doing more than I am and on that last one obviously just that's thick and point but I'm you know just a little bit see now I'm not the fucking person you really like yeah no like half of it is it's like that one you feel like that's thick and point because like whole fuck I just couldn't go back down right where it's one of those things we're half is just training that that again if you just stick with it I can give just a little bit right through that point and it's not bad to get up because the same thing it's like one like I said I don't I don't want to see you die today I don't want you to die today so I don't want to do a shit ton of work but it just takes a little bit kind of getting used to that point just not okay if I'm I'm going to hit it I'm going to make sure that you get through a nice and smooth and also not getting the point where it's kind of productive like it is the point where you just do like ten past failure things were shaking and ugly you can't feel anything I'm going to work out so over if you're one of those yeah yeah this is the first say it's just getting a lot of your thoughts anyway so I don't like that's what I don't like this and not like I'll be back just to you you good? yes I'm good you sure there's end of that light you're trying to get all that pop from the shot you just just do that just just in time I'm going for the bro pop what so you you're going here is like when before you go almost feel like you're trying to lift your leg up just a little bit so press and work on the top of your thigh so you're not having your knee press down so hard like just lift it up just a little bit and then really feel like you're just pressing through the top of your thigh as you come up that makes sense yeah I'm going for your knee up you don't want to go eat shit to where you feel like you're actually trying to like hip it's not a whole week but that'll make sure that you don't have a kind of many of this type of you know if you get your knee pushing down here that's what really allows you to kind of pivot your pelvis up if you want people to lift their ass up now it's because your hamstring crosses over your knee and your hip so most people here trying to shorten it but as you hip flex because of the crosses over your hip it's basically kind of stays the same like that but I'll say for simple purposes it's shortening at this end and lengthening at this end that makes sense so right when you're getting the power as the heart is the most people will intentionally lift this up so that the hamstring doesn't actually contract anymore you're just kind of almost holding it in the same spot yeah just a little yeah that's great just like that it's perfect it's a good same thing nail that's not going to be perfect you're trying to get your hand good that's perfect how do you feel? okay There you go, touch it. Oh, wow. Oh, my mom. Oh, my, my, my mom. Oh, my, my mom. Oh, my, my. Nice. Yes, but you're keeping it. Look at the same thing. Okay. Good. Good. Right here with you. You just think contract with that. I'll get you there. All right, squeeze. All right, good. Beautiful. Right man. Everyone like that. We got a couple to go. You just think squeeze. I'll get you there. We're going to go there. Perfect. Another one. Control. Hard. Hard. Good. Let's go another one. Go go go go finish. I got you. I got you finish. Nice. That's it. Two more. Come on. Come on. Farewell. One Pancake You can do that range. Keep going man. Keep going man. Keep going. Keep going. Keep the left man. Don't stop. Keep going. Keep going. Keep going man. Keep going. Keep going. You got four. Let's go. Get your head on man. Come on man. Come on man. Two. Yeah. Good. Same thing. I'll focus on that contraction drive that sign to the pad. I'll get you there. Good. Smooth reps. I got you. Yeah. Yeah. Come on. We got one more. Keep a smooth five press into that pad. Yep. Yep. Yep. Just a bottle of rest. And then pour it a little bit. Just keep it smooth. Alright squeeze. Not a ton here. Just keep him pretty. Drive that thigh down. Hard squeeze. We got two more like that. Come on. Squeeze. Yep. Come on. One more. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. I'm slow just about half. Right there. Not in that high. Keep him slow. Right there. Good. Keep him going. Right there. Not in that high. Right there. Come on. Five. Four. Three. Two. Last one. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. The chili. Don't tell anybody about the secret chili. And a lot of chili. People don't really think it's chili. Alright kids. Could be wrap on today's workout. Was the real dad of Rodney Trisha, actually. I'm the fake that he's the real dad. Intelligence and children wise. So wrap on this workout. I appreciate you putting me through it. Yeah. Sure. So nice little tips all the time. It's also something that I was forgetting. And I turned on someone like you. I was trying to talk with him. I should probably be doing that more. Yeah. The appreciate. I'm trying to explain to him some of the smart things. So you learn a thing of two. You go to get in the way. I know how to do it. Like you're saying everyone's like, I know what to train. But yeah. They're always good. You can be better. You always forget a little bit. So much appreciated. Yeah. That guy's been over. Yeah. That guy's been over. Yeah. That guy's been over. Yeah. The dream coming soon. Private June. But yeah. Thank you for watching. We should have checked out the hypertrophy coach for all your training needs. We've got an app. Everything you can desire. Lots of free information on his channels. Check him out. Thank you for watching. I'll see you guys later.