And this has been one of the more challenging beginnings of prep that I have really ever had, but I've always been through some shit every year if something happens. So if this is happening with beginning of prep, then lucky me I got out of the way. It is what it is life sucks some time, but it's beautiful at the same time. So take it if you can, most of the time, enjoy the journey because this is what makes the victories and the accomplishments so much more worth it, the end when you know you want to do some hell in the way. So... Come on, come on Chris! Come on, you're still... or... or... come on, you're still... What's that? We have about 100 grand to have been out of sports nutrition everywhere. And we're always already at number one. You have 130% this year, but this is in about this year, it's about 2022. So by the way, Mitch, I want to make sure that you understand that you are our new brand in the year. We're all ready to go! Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. You're ready? He's like, ready? You're getting the walk and he's like, go! You can't wait! You have to listen and be mindful of the starting of the gut. If you're too tense waiting for the journey, you're going to jump to go. I have to get the thing in my mind. Go. Come on, come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. What? As you guys saw from our announcement last week, we launched raw and raw market. We talked about it for a long time. We're super excited for it. Today's the fun day because we're filming a fun little, like, skit video. In-maw, we have permissions to film here. So for the first time ever, we're not going to get kicked out of a silver film again. We're doing a fun little video where Matt and Dom are on their tracks on kickers. They're going to be running and biking through the store. I'm going to be listening some weights in the silver and we're going to grab our supplements. Make some shake all the shit. Matt, as you can see over here, got the shorten of the stick. Who dumped a child? Sounds like a fucking kitty, I could really, no. And then Matt's over here wearing tights. Show them over there. He's probably not like, so he's gonna be like, probably. Dom's fucking skew and shit, mocking himself. Play, yeah. So we're fucking around in Valmer right now. I'm a gandell time. And we're not going to get into the forest. So we're having a lot of fun. They just need to be dropping next week. See you soon. And yeah, we're going to show you guys some DTS. So if you guys like it. I think I just brought some. We're going to finish some fucking 40 pound dumbbells in Walmart. And I have to take the work out too, which is full early for me, but in flavor. Took out a Walmart. Looks like I'm somewhere around that area. Get ready for my return. You just need to check, I think. So fine, you got to fit in there. I have passes to the ab Jackson 거야 now. I have nearly everybody open in pa saving me I've simply closed. Do you want a kiss, if you like? But every time I open a Starrer, I feel like I'm doing this really Material. Go on and send, I know, but I don't really remember that. So fine, they say. Okay, man. Let's see. I'll enjoy that. Do you want a person making it or like people adding you like greetings and you just have Maybe have like one person protein one banana and then one of them that's all three of us Yeah I mean we're literally just talking and this is gonna be our best fucking campaign video ever is pretty funny and just the fact you have permission to do it with a fuck you on Walmart makes it funny so the very blending smoothies and the middle people are like stuff fuck you guys doing it in here and we have permission to do it so there was a lot of fun set to the final product so stay tuned you all right what's going on guys it's been a bit of a I've been on a bit of a hiatus mean calmer I really feel them like three weeks because I went to Canada there's a bit of chaos it was supposed to be like a chill chill week where I just got my head together and I was like super at peace and training and enjoying shit and ended up just turning it to hell bunch of some personal stuff happened and it was like stressful I was losing sleep I couldn't sleep or girl this my body got kind of sick my body kind of shut down some other shit ended up happening some stuff that I might be going right now but maybe in a few weeks or in the future I will talk about what happened right now my body was not feeling good my body was not responding and there was some personal shit going on and it just kind of all like fell and on to me at the same time and so I was like calendar and not filming I'm not going to do this I'm going to be training myself for a little bit just kind of keep to myself and I've gone for like 10 days so we're back we're going to start filming now getting back into swimming things and this has been one of the more challenging beginnings of prep that I've really ever had but I've always been through some shit every year there's something happens so this is happening at the beginning of prep then lucky me I got out of the way and luckily the past four Olympias I've done coming on top I've gone through some shit and I've understood that if you get through and it's made me a lot more resilient and it's one of the things we are grateful for the hell you go through because instead of a lighter load you wish for stronger shoulders and it makes you more resilient makes you tougher makes you know when you get into a storm that you're going to find your way out my favorite analogy all of this is like we're going through a forest and you see your goal at the beginning of your journey you see your goal through the forest and then you get into the forest and everything kind of closes in and it turns into like it's like chaos and you have no idea what direction to go where you're going and all you can do take one step forward because that's all you can see right now so I'm doing taking this one step at a time when we're at a time one day at a time I'm taking one step forward and I'm working my way through the forest right now and that's what I'm doing and it's practicing what I preach because it is the name of the game embodied belief to slow drive up and everyone is going to have shit come up especially when you prep for 10 years you do 10 and fucking years of competing it's going to be difficult time your body life gets messy sometimes I know I'm not the only one who goes through some shit so it is what it is super grateful still there's a lot of beautiful things going out of my life and as a whole right now it's really happy and just excited for what's to come in my life right now it's just a little bit of a hiccuping we're going to be going to be working through it I got a good team behind me I got great people and super grateful to have such like a strong support system because when it feels like health sometimes then I can lean in on a good team of family and friends around me it really makes you feel a lot more secure and just like confident in your ability so super pumped for all that but that's just a snippet of not even telling you what's going on with my life right now but kind of why I went to my A but I've back home my gym my private gym is finally completed and I'm feeling extremely motivated we're like 10 weeks out there you want to be an athlete 10 weeks out of the same thing and half I guess so game time time the fucking lock it in and get loaded me and calvna gonna start firing up the prep series I was running up my model all the other day kind of getting into my head figuring out the mindset I'm going to be entering this prep in because it's all going to be a fucking mental game this year every week I'm a little bit more mentally tough I know what I physically have to do it's just keeping my mind and body in line so that I can do that so we're going to be doing that when we're showing you get the process now getting deeper into it and I'm going to be still in the cabin camera and vlogging or buying my own camera and vlogging a bit more so we can have just more footage Kelvin's got the fucking red we're going to be making them dope videos with and a lot of cool shit to come so yeah excited to be getting this journey started get a little kick in the ass starting slow is not always the bad thing because it just lights fire in your ass that you realize you got to make up for some last time and time to run full speed and the fire so it is what it is 90s I only want to be a 9 and a half week out whatever lock and load or it is actually that also going to be Texas with honey next week so that's going to be much needed for you training sessions with him we're going to bring team down Kelvin, Courtney, like Maddie Medley who will be coming and we're just going to be training bodybuilding doing the bullshit we do so yeah but let's going to be hit for this video right now not training this one but we'll be working out in the next video we'll be doing some full day the beating and bringing you guys through everything we're doing so thank you guys for the support at always it is what it is life sucks sometimes but it's beautiful at the same time so take it as you can most of the time enjoy the journey because this is what makes the victories and the accomplishments so much more worth it the year when you know you want to be some hell in the way so yeah that's life thank you guys love you guys and I'll see you guys in the next video