How do you balance that kind of life? What's the honest answer that you don't? Realistic expectations not to have balance. Honestly, I think that's that right there is the number one thing that helped me in the past year and especially recently. Certain people are able to handle that and certain people are not and I know I knew that I wasn't going to have a stable home to come into because I've been moving. I knew I was never going to be able to get into routine because I've traveling every single weekend. I knew especially because I'm in an office all week and then trying to train and then every weekend when I have days off I'm in an airport traveling in a hotel, no good gym, any of the stuff. So beforehand I just expected myself to feel overwhelmed and allowed myself to feel overwhelmed and tried not to feel like I should be feeling as good as I would feel in every routine. Obviously everyone feels better in routine. Just a fact. So not being in it, tell myself it's just the season of life. Twenty-eight years old, the fucking dough pit life I could have ever imagined. Genuinely so grateful that I get the travel and do all this should I do. Let me all the pull out and have that perspective of gratitude rather than just like stress. It really helped me a lot. What is up YouTube? Welcome back to the gym. I'm so happy to be here. We're hoping to expand around to the Brazil super pumped about all that. But I went down to Ramon's supplement company, private gym and trained with Ramon there. He was telling me he had just taken a month or two off training as well and his broken English is what I gathered. I was telling him I just took two months off training as well. And it's hilarious. He can't eat too much and he needs to relax if he gets too big and he's not going to fucking eat. He's going to be an open bodybuilder. I literally took two months off and grew since he Olympia which is like he's huge, massive. I took two months off and just shrink and lose all my fucking strength. So I have some strength but a lot of my size just disappears. So don't have those kind of crazy at your next fucking round and bubbly like that. He's got an Arnold in like six, seven weeks of doing the Arnold. I got the Olympia in like nine months. So like as a maniac I'd be stressing right now if I hadn't started that early out. He knows what he's doing. He's got to make weight so following the plan. But it's good seeing him. Letting a little fire in my ass is up training like a little bit to get back to it. So that being said, another arm day before I leave feel so rewarding. Not going to be super intense. You're going to go heavy intense. Not super high volume. I don't even know what I'm trying to say. I'm going to do minimal exercises. Higher intensity. That's what I'm trying to say. So did a bunch of warmups going to be some biceps curls and get on with the workout. Alright, so the goal here trying to do like a mechanical drop set. So I'm doing close grip. Three seconds, eccentric movement. From the first round and then I switched my grip to go a little bit wider. I'm using the same thing. Three seconds, concentric, eccentric, sorry. And then next time I just fucking wrap it up as much as I can. So I'm doing one, two, three different style of sets. I'm just doing the same set and just trying to bring this shirt on my biceps. Yeah, it's like trying to stress about going to travel to build my business, trying to be a good bodybuilder. Having a fucking little baby girl. It's all things that I've dreamed of or couldn't even have dreamed of. So just kind of being excited for it. When I'm old and there's no more business in bodybuilding and travel in the kids' world, I can relax and try not to be overwhelmed at that time. Right now I'm just grateful that what's overwhelming me is all really fun, exciting things that I've chosen to put into my life. So why can't I complain about it? I know Courtney is much more of a routine home body than myself. So when she starts to feel like out of that whack, she's a little bit more stressed out. And that's what she typically is the home body. She's kind of keeping the home as safe for me as possible to come home too or not to stay grounded as possible. So I can come home and have clean, food cook, laundry, all the little things I don't have to worry about. If another little secret tip that helps me feel grounded is having a partner who supports you. Obviously she wishes I could be home right now, but I'm also like I said, 20 years old working to set up our whole family's life for the entire future and she understands that. So what I need to work on is when I come home. I don't really feel like I'm overwhelmed, but I need to detach enough so that I can reattach to her because it's easy to kind of grow disconnected in a relationship when you're spending so much time apart and you're so much going on in life. And she's trying to focus on the baby and I'm focusing on her and work and business and travel and everything. So I'm seeing a lot more conscientious of planning, little date nights and quality times together and all these little things helps everything come into fruition. And you know, having a grounded home to come back to, a partner to come back to, and the life of chaos is like the biggest cheat code of being able to thrive under chaos. All right, so I did similar thing on the tries to be extensions, like a mechanical drop set, sending far away. Your weaker move closer to your stronger finish out with some cheat reps just to pump it out. Now I'm doing like a cable, hide pulley, bicep curl. And I'm trying to like lock it in, we said move my shoulder at all and it really squeeze my bicep by clutching my shoulder a little bit. Get a tight squeeze, drop setting that with super setting that with some hammer curls with heavy weight and trying to get big arms. So yeah, this goes. Maybe I'll have 23 and germs like Hulk Ogan by the end of the year. All right, last exercise of the day. One set can go to do a good old run the rack bicep curls, enjoy it. Also for you to mention, doing a re-sac with some roshards in new color away, so some of the favorite roshards we dropped in the past, but in new colorways, this is one of them. So I don't know what day that's dropping, but Calvin probably knows that in the meat so it's coming soon, but I'm going to finish up this bicep workout, arm workout, go home and eat some bagels. I said, I mean, it's called the EBT's Maldivine Night and he's like, I feel like this is you bro, the quote of being able to thrive under chaos, being able to be calm within a storm. I think that's something that I've been relatively good at my whole life and with a good amount of experience for the past few years, a bunch of shit so I'm hitting me in the middle of one p.a when it matters most in understanding that stuff is that your control. And yeah, life is a game of odds. There's a few things that aren't up to odds in possibility. Like this one you have, the work you put in your effort, all these things and in so much other stuff that left up the chance, just whatever the universe throws at you, you have no control over. So all you can do is perfect the things that are in your control, the best that you can, and a role with the punches that they come. So it's a little fucking life advice there from Father Seabund, hopefully passes on my kids to learn it even more effectively than me because I've definitely been hell of stressed out throughout the year and at time, but so I'll bring myself back down the ground, back down to earth and get through this shit and now I feel like I'm in a really good spot mentally to handle everything that's coming at me and just excited. You know, I've also been planning this year to be able to have some off-time in April when my baby's born and I'm just going to stay home in the gym, get fucking jacked, hang out with my baby girl and my wife and have a grand old time. So, I said just for that, said to show you guys that journey of me becoming a father as well with another, it's going to be cool. So, life's up to odds control was not in the odds. The only secret I got right now and have a fucking amazing partner who's got your back and can keep you grounded and your home grounded. It's very important. And enjoy the chaos when you're young because it's beautiful. So, that being said, pizza, pen the ass for tomorrow to go snowboarding. Second, that's my last secret. Find something at least once you that you fucking love to do where you can detach for me that snowboarding on the mountain. So, I'm going to do that tomorrow. I'll see you guys after that. Hopefully, come back, refresh and ready to rock. Maybe I'll do a vlog at there, Kevin wants me to, but you know they suck at that. So, we'll see. But anyway, thank you for watching. See you next time.