Let's cross. It's gross. It's empty. I already ate it. Just stacked in my pocket from the crowd. I have to eat it. Rough life. Come on. Come on, Chris. Come on, you want it. Still. Oh, total total. Let's go. What's the? Hello, YouTube. Hello, YouTube. Oh, I'm sorry. I didn't do it. No, they're going to get mad. Stick with you, original. Just kidding. What is up, YouTube? Welcome back. The post will be living with Chris Bump, say the Courtney King. He's no longer cooking seven different types of potato, Fleming meal, and chicken and salmon every 15 to 20 minutes. And we're back to the real world. Turn it off, get fat. Meal, perfect. My favorite. But came back. We were in Canada for a while. We got sick. I broke a kid's tour. Bicep, I've been fucking chillin'. I'm living in the dream right now. So, I mean, a lot of you guys have been acting up there on my bicep. Taking peptides, BPC 157, TB500, blasting it in there. Great stuff for healing injuries. Also, just did some stem cell injections. I got a video of that. It was pretty graphic of needles going in my arm. But stem cell, tip peptides, trying to heal the process up, having trained in like five weeks. Or so, I'm doing like some legs like once a week. It's not working hard. I'm letting my body recover right now, but in one piece in nine months. Walk every day for 20 minutes. Yeah, I'm 251 right now. Two, so I put on 12 pounds. Ish, it's healing beer. So, not fat yet, but I just feel skinny fat. So, kind of where we're at right now. We're going to go training legs later today because it's all I can train to film. Calvin just made it back yesterday. So, sadly I was hoping he was going to never come home. But it is what it is for us to have with him for now. But that's nice. That's pretty good. Is there anything else going on? We're going to ask for more. I just finished some snowboarding for the next eight days. We're going to leave Friday because we have a new product coming out from raw. Very excited for that. We're filming stuff for that morning. Yeah, that's kind of the life right now. We're going to go to the best place. Get some headphones. Get the cordy puttin in the washing machine. I just didn't ask. I do the wash. You leave your shit like your keys and all of yourself in your pockets. I just throw your stuff in. Clean it. Oh yeah. So we're going to go get some headphones. We're going to try a new pair of headphones. I said there's something better than AirPods. And let's bet what we got going on. I'm also sorry for your chibi can. What? What is it? Yeah, a ghost is trapped in the car. Go. No. Yes. Yes. I'm going to make him recipe. So you can go follow all the recipes on there. You know last night. You should put it in here. Put it in this club. I said in the video, Calvin, yeah, but I come home and it's smell so good in the house. I was like looking around and then she was like somewhere else on the oven with all my cups of gifts. I opened up the oven. Banana bread being baked in there. Smells coming up beautiful. Perfect. For some reason not even close to being done. She just has to come and touch it. You lit it. You grab it and drop it. It falls upside down on the bottom of the oven. Like, let it just fell on the bottom of the oven. I just was just right. And I just took it and kind of like, but like try it. It's fire. It still tastes really good. It's amazing. It's like chewy. It's like a chewy loaf thing. Try a Calvin. Please, babe. Oh, it's amazing, right? I'm happy, bud. gluten free. Not gonna matter. It's a little more good. Yeah, well, it wasn't done yet. So it's a little chewy, but it's just like, blob so bread. It's so good. We're trying it to pudding. Oh, God, don't say that. We said we should cut it up and put it in the oven. Like, you know, fire, so we make it like stuffing. We're never in stuffing. But then we're in stuffing. It's like banana bread, so. Yeah, it's not bad. I definitely, I mean, I dropped it everywhere. Like, yeah, this would be a lot of fun too, so it can't say. I'll remake it for you tonight, babe. Okay, I can bring some to Aspen. Give a loaf to Calvin. Oh, yeah. I have a baby loaf thing, so I can put it in. I'll put it in. I'll put it in. I don't pull a lot of addicted to snacking right now. But yeah, that's another off day. I can't even show. I can't stop eating. I have a favorite thing to do. I can't wait to eat. It's all my treats. What else do you snack? Oh, my. You're buying these low calorie chips and you're in the full bag. And these are going to some of my kind of hurts. I just saw you eat all the bag in five minutes. I don't know if you have cereal every night, because ten boxes have one house. Have you tried the new three wishes flavor? Which one? Or maybe you guys already have. This new, the cinnamon roll one. Oh, my God. Bro, it's been out. Well, we have boxes of boxes. You should go definitely take a box. Well, not send me a minute. Wait, do you guys have boxes of three wishes? Yes. I took three wishes. Thank you guys. But yeah, they're good. That's really good. Yeah. Yeah. So you're going to go get some headphones. Peace. Maybe you had the ones bonnet. It had like a little swirly thing that wanted you. They looked like these jibbers, but they were... Oh, the beats. Yeah. Was one bonnet? Yeah, that would be. I'll beat it in some section. Yeah, it's apple. Fair point. Oh, it came to me wireless in your keys headphones. That's what you call it. Oh, right there. Those two. Yeah, these ones. Yeah, it grows. I got them in white, gray, purple. I think it's a gray one. Just one pair. I'll use this. Downing. All right, so great success. They had both in stock. I always forget a pair in work or at home or in the office. I'm going to leave one of these in my car. And then one of them I'm going to bring around with me all the time. I hope I don't forget it. But you better be better than the airport pros. Because Bon says they are better. So they're going to be my jibmon. It'll be my work and at home headphones and car do you maybe. I don't know. I feel like best fine cannon ever has anything to stop. But if Gem might come here, they have everything. Merko. That's a big ass sign if you can't realize. I think they're like 10 feet tall or 20 feet tall. I don't even know. I was here when I was in the fucking huge place. But back to the rock, where house beautiful, where house back to real life. Our AC broke and was fucking freezing in here. So Ali's been sitting outside. It's freezing here. Well, isn't there? Yeah, if you were literally coming, it was like pants and sweatpants. It's so cold in there. I'm brutal. I'm so bored. I can't get some. I'm not going to go with my gun. Rough life. Rough life. Rough life here at the real life. Your romantic turns out has also been shown to me. Neuroprotective specifically. Four. So, don't let her take your arms in this chair. Do you like the studies? Can you imagine your dopamine? Yeah. Can you imagine my dopamine? Especially if you might give him a state. I mean, everyone's fucking on the edge of here. We're a bit trainer right now. Courtney got me on to him, so she gets credit for it. But post Olympia. He's talking about dopamine crashes and up and down and majoring. It's like you can say motivated and driven and enjoying activities that you typically enjoy. For extended periods and consistent periods of time. Well, when I fucking have three, what have a year? Every year, leading up to one day at Olympia. It's a huge fucking beautiful moment. It's huge dopamine rush. And then immediately after I think blue air. And then I go to the gym and I just like, I don't want to be in the fucking gym. No drive to be there. I have no fucking anything. So I typically just let myself have this time because it is what it is. But it's kind of cool listening to the way your body is like, react to the motivation of drive, give it a literal order more than your brain of dopamine and little things of it. Something I noticed with myself when I stopped having a lot of driving the gym. I started being on my phone a lot more than you. And I started to just like fucking scroll or listen to a podcast in and scroll between sets of the gym. And there's also a kind of workout through just half hours of just trying to move my body right now. But it was also making me not enjoy my time there because it was like relying on the stimulus to dopamine rush. I'm potentially getting from scrolling my phone or whatever. Instead of actual workout. And he says stack you must think like that. It's really optimal to do over the extended periods of time because, well, you're going to lose more of it. Shit drive and your workout is also probably shit. It's probably just going to be up to you and you've said, as mine are lately. So I'm learning. You know, definitely loved Mr. Heoperman. We had a little learn a lot. We haven't heard of him. You're fucking slick. The world just keeps everywhere. He's really smart. So good shit. But anyways, we're headed to gym all the way today. We'll talk about like motivation. I don't even know if he would do it. I like that just either it'll build cookie. Honestly, pretty fire. I literally was scavenging around the warehouse. I could do it for food, but I was starving. I meant to leave earlier on the problem. Meals me today. And I ran into making a fit yesterday and I forgot to reorder. So, you know, just slowly getting tipping my toes in the water. Being a real human again and bodybuilder, but I'm doing all right. So, we were at the gym. As it likes, we'll fly up a decent workout. We'll fly again a ton of quick. I'm not sure if we can be there for two hours. And then go home with that grass. So, I guess we'll see you at the gym. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. Right. We'll be back. Hey, I got that left. Hell, no. My squad at the end. I don't like it. But I genuinely have had two fake workouts and one half real leg. Work out where I rest like four plates. It's one leg and it's one of two plates. But, like, man. I got no drive and I mean lots of pains. And that's just super weak. And I got a torn biceps. So, I was just giving myself to go to ask in. I spin and I get that chip and then I come back and the bicycle will be healed That's the time I was supposed to take off I'm slowly getting back and training and do it But for now At least try not to lose my legs So I'm going to take up the workout Also, try to use some stability stuff And it will be some pistol squats so when I snowboard down For the next week I got some stability in my knees Plains Power clean Thatches All the good chips I have the chip 15 reps a lot of reps I have to do my workout as a blade I've got to do my last two workouts at the end I have super set, clock tension, hand closer to warm up my knees and to blood of my legs Then I come over and I do a single leg leg press Partly because I don't want to put plates on right now Partly because my knees just go on stable right now I don't want to make sure there's a strong strong So I have them kind of rebuilding right now That you each get into the control of tension On the knee that I need And it helps me get a little bit deeper So I'm moving right now When I train less I'm sitting in a desk or a mental church or a sleeping My body gets more locked up So when you train the moving you get to the gym or the mental church You feel a lot better so I'm just going to move my body Not really feeling better It's gross I already ate it Just fucking snacks in my pocket from the flat out right now Rough life Just up to time C בא's week in the 25 points on facade day when Clevver doesn't put my weight on the knee. Whoops. Whoops. Oh, guys. That school lot once or twice a year, not in Smith's machine. Just, so, just keep the people happy. Come on, it's bar, that's new. No? Oh, man, I'm sure mobility is fixed. This is your head, guys. Go in and put it in. There's nothing worse than when you go out and line up with the mirror. You see this? Yeah, it's pretty clear. A lot of the mirror is flat out. And then there's a line in the ground. It's also crooked, so I just feel fucking sideways. The mess with my head right now. She must have put it in. Oh, I talked about lyrics there. What? Oh, singing a song and I talked about lyrics. I really copyrighted it for you. You found just like, like, a little bit. I'm just just got there in the deep place. That was heavy. Really good. To me, they have quicks your body. You can lose fucking a lot of strength on a lot of performance ability. Just from sitting on your ass or for weeks. I do blame the flu for the first two weeks, but the rest is on my fault being late. So, one more week of laziness. And then, we have to start, obviously, in the series of Chris head back in shape this year. Yeah. Normally, I don't see Calvin, we don't film this these. So, when I get fat and lazy and skinny, no one knows because they're going to need to be a fucking little be a cannibalist here, I guess. I think that's a fucking out for the month of January. Good run. Slide pushes. Slide pushes. Hold until he's a set it up, I actually would. Probably great for my knees when I tuck with knee stability. And now I'm gonna do one, just mobility. Okay, fucking range of motion. I come here with that cord, and you know, because she's walking lunge more than me at this point. So, you're not too embarrassed when it's on. Okay. So, what is it? What is it? This is good. Okay. Can't talk though. What can you imagine the horrific area? That's a lot. There you go. What can you imagine the horrific area? That's a lot. There you go. Can you pay me three for you at the cast? Is it that last year? I've just hit up with the last four years. But I think last year was the first year of the cast, but at least my calves have ever shunned through a press. It's progress. Progress. But they could have been better. No, I already did the thumbnail. Oh, of course. Joining in the offer, thumbnail. Alright, let's get me wrap on today's life workout. We want to call it that. T-shirt and stuff. Broken sweat. Without a breath. I'm pushing myself harder than last time. Thanks for accepting that from motivation. But honestly, I'm talking making jokes about how weak and fucking lazy I am right now. But I honestly do think he's reason why I'm able to progress every year. And be at such a high level for the keep getting better and not pushing unhealthy supplements and other shit. And more just like training and food and everything that is because I give my body the rest of the needs. So it's not chronically stressed. And it's able to push itself further every single year. Whatever muscle I lose comes back quickly with muscle maturity. And then when I get back in the training, I can push it to the next level. So kind of the goal. Luckily, only having one year to one year. I get time to rest. I can take at least three months of chilling. I'm leaving my body recovery all the cortisol stress. Atheasions break up muscle tears every few times. Go back to healthy. And then I can kill an oxy. So that's a goal. The advantage it gives me from this gastronomy down to 5. Trying to be a good choice. I can show off. Kind of the person being the champion. So doing that, resting up. And we're back full steam. So those keep rest days. So very important. So how you keep getting better for the long term. That's today's moral of the story. We'll come back to the blog. It's 23. Yeah, I don't know. Come below. We just want to see in the video. Four of your cheats come right here. They're cheating when I'm back from Astin. And when I'm back training from the super fat. And we're going to do some more kind of food vlogs a little bit more travels this year. Whatever else you guys want to see, let me know below. But we're back. Calvin's back. We'll see you later.