just how to really rough. Starts with this prep and I didn't know if I was going to get through it. And it just feels good to be in my good spot mentally after something like that and to have so many people who have helped me get here and supported me, including all you guys watching. I've found many friends here. It's just something I'm really grateful for. You know, you don't feel like it brings out a lot of emotion to me. What is up YouTube? Just over two weeks out, walking in the load is getting down to right now. My weight is creeping down. Fatigue is creeping in. Getting leaner and leaner every morning. This is one of the time where it's so cool at the end of a prep because everything you do you notice. If I have like an extra 100 grams of carbs, I look fuller than I do. If I have a little bit of this, I lose half a pound and I look drier. And everything like every little thing that you change, down to sodium, calories, cardio, training, rest days. Your body looks different every single day. So it's pretty cool how like consistently you can manipulate it when you understand all your variables and you're being consistent across the board with everything. So a fun little time at the end of prep when you're exhausted. Time fucking gone, hugged, I go to bed. And I'm like, two tired of depression, I tease that wake up and I'm like, all right, let's do this again, but it's fine. Very enjoyable. Not really enjoyable. They're rewarding. But today's back day. First workout is that axle sadly. I missed it. I'm kick my ass with these workouts, but two weeks out. It don't really need to be killing it with four thrusts right now. So it was good. I got that out of the way three weeks out. Now we're just going to be pushing hard. Still a little bit less force reps. So I'm going to failure. I don't want to again. So I'm going on. The machine is fucking so nice. You can just push the failure, close your eye, think just fucking pull your lats. Please, folks, on your lats, go completely failure. Even when you tired, don't worry about forearm hurting yourself. Feels great. They don't make him like they used to. Yeah. Oh, cool. Come on. No. Okay. J Balini here is the role of dumbbell recovery yet. But just did a reverse grip, rose. I've been feeling those really good my back lately. I don't know if my wrist mobility. I've got a little bit better this year. I don't know why it would have, but feels better. There's two working sets there. I felt really strong. I actually got 12 plus reps, 275. So I can't complain about that. Do some heavy dumbbells and then move on to machines for the rest of the workout. Because why the fuck not? I'm gonna go up to 140. I feel pretty good right now. I'll drop down to 120s for my back offset. Call it a day for these bad boys. So I want to do both of these machines today. I've tried to forget which one I want to do. I don't know. So I just felt it. Sometimes there's no signs to it. It's all bro. Especially when your body will do what feels right. But that, because it's a little bit more of an angled neutral grip, not quite overhand or underhand. It's kind of more neutral similar to that dumbbell row. So I felt it a little bit more. My lower lap where I would have felt it in the last few exercises I did. So I'm going to do a straight overhead chest supported T-bar row right here. I'm pulling a little bit higher because I want to get more of my upper back mid-chop different from what I've just done. And then I'm going to move on to this one. So sometimes you can't always stick to the plane. You've got to feel it. You do what feels right. Oh, so sketchy led in that way. It's stretch right now. It's still good to squeeze it, but that's the end there. Can't let that drop too fast. Wow, why am I so weak? Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. I tried it. I ended up with really high as being in the workout and it just fucking plummeted. But the workout is not over, so I'm going to pretend like it did not. And we'll go fuck up some pull downs and have a great day. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh. Oh. Oh, yeah. This is one of the exercises where the way you move your head completely changes how you hit it. I'm going to check my head back and I think like I'm getting into a back double by step on stage. I feel way better, but subconsciously I'll be lean forward. So I'm trying to keep myself healthy and I try to remember to bring it back. So experiment how you want, but I'm trying to squeeze a little bit higher. My full back right here instead of just my last. So I'm going to have to arch you my whole head and back. Tell me about it from my neck, but just trying to get used back. Now how would you get back? Why not finish it back with a little bit of reverse curls? People are telling me my breaky-outs are starting to look like a little bitch. So those people, I say my breaky-outs always look like a little bitch. So it is what it is. I felt that back workout honestly was a really good workout. I felt strong, felt good, just about two weeks out and pumping out good weight right now. My body is feeling pretty good so I'm enjoying it. Just kind of keeping it on pace right now. It's been an interesting year. Gosh, man, I need an out of the Olympia. I figured it would have been a little mental up there. They break my knee on the countering here. Yeah, I just up there you guys were a matman. I felt like I always do this at some point in my prep. And this year has been a little bit different. Every year I go through something that in the moment feels like extremely over a while making and like challenging and I've learned over the years that it's something that I met. It's like a lesson in front of me that I met to learn. And this year it hit me. Like I haven't exactly said what was going on, but it hit me a lot earlier this year. That like 10 weeks out or whenever that was. So I've had a lot of time to like self reflect and like interest back and go and think about what it meant. And this is something I do a lot of my life. I'm a definitely a big thicker and anxious person, but it also leads to a lot of good self reflection. And a sort of life had up and down throughout the years is finding the motivation to like keep going. There's something that's just easier about being an underdog with no expectation, chasing after somebody or something. Being like, I'm going to be that guy. I'm second place. I want to be that guy. I'm a new pro. Nothing's expected me. Let me prove myself. And there's something just a little bit easier about fucking finding a little fire in your ass like that. As opposed to when you've been winning for four years and there's no one to look at. There's no goal to look at. There's no thing that exists in front of you to chase after you have to create it. And in searching for that you can almost become lost and overwhelmed. And this year I've kind of realized that there isn't really anything I'm chasing. And I shouldn't be looking for anything because what I'm chasing doesn't even exist yet. I'm creating the path for someone else to chase right now. And that's pretty fucking exciting. If you ask me, it's an opportunity to kind of just know expectation on myself because there's nothing else there to do or nothing to be. I just get to come in and do whatever the fuck I want to do and take it day by day and be the best version of myself. So instead of like trying to find the motivation or the goal to chase after and kind of like dissolving the idea that there even needs to be something like that to chase after. And going back to just what I love to do because initially I started bodybuilding without really creating the end goal and say, And I was kicking my ass in the gym fucking starving myself down and doing all the things that I just because fucking bodybuilders, what we do. And this year it's kind of like fell I fallen back into that in the last few weeks and it's been honestly a little bit more a lot more fun than a lot of years. And I think it's due to a few things, you know, a lot of personal growth and just relinquishing the expectation and pressure of things that I'm just constantly working on and the more I realize that there's nothing to really relinquish. And the pressure is built up in my own head as what like pressure I'm trying to get rid of doesn't even exist. So I'm not trying to get rid of the pressure I'm trying to dissolve the concept that they're even in it is any pressure. And then when I'm thinking about that you're like, oh fuck like what are you worrying about? And I mean this year it's been me putting a lot of time focus into the Olympia pulling away from all the other things that have to go on. I mentioned this about focusing on one external thing that I'm chasing after which is the Olympia. I mean the best I can at that and not having too many things on my plate when I wake up in the day it's like, no, I just got to be what Mr. Olympias. And I miss her Olympia so I decide what Mr. Olympias so I'm going to decide what I'm going to be today. And with that being said I push a lot of things out, but this year I've kept in a lot of more emotional mental internal things. So I have one big external goal but I've kept in I haven't suppressed my anxieties and my fears and my emotions. I've been a lot more accepting of them as they come and I have the moments of stress when they come and I've like you've been through this so many times and you never let these stop you. They're going to be here. So just sit with it for a moment. Allow yourself to be anxious. Don't be like, oh fuck this is going to happen. And then get through it and I do. And some other problem that I've had in the past is foreboding joy and when I'm like a really good streak like recently I've been feeling good. My body's been responding, I've been looking really good and just like feeling good. I said, oh fuck, something's going to happen. This is feeling too easy right now. Everything's going good. Something's going to fall apart. And this year I had those that thought succums in my mind every now and then but I thought myself now and I'm like, Why, like, you have no idea what's going to come. Something might come. I can't, I'm not going to tell myself it's not going to come. The only fact that I do know that I don't know what's going to come. So I've been focusing on when those of moments come up. Ask yourself, do you know it's going to happen? You know what's going to happen? You know what's going to happen? No, it might happen to me not, but right now I feel good. So take this moment in. Like I talked about broad in your sight of you. Look around you. I'm like, fuck, I'm here right now and I'm good right now. I'm happy. You said it motivated. I'm going to do good right now. Let's just enjoy this moment because tomorrow I'm going to have a shitty day and I might not feel like this. And I'm going to wish I did. So in this moment I'm going to enjoy that. And in tomorrow if I feel like shit, I'm going to sit in that. And then a, you know, life just comes in waves. And once you realize that is never going to be like Chris's fucking motivated and good or Chris is bad. Chris is just a process of up and down. And you're just kind of along for the ride and life. You can't really control it all the time. But in the moment you can control your perception of everything. So whatever I'm experiencing in the moment, I can sit in that experience because that's the only reality I know. What's happened in the past will happen in the future is completely out of my control. It's already happened. I can only control my perception in the current moment. And the more focus I've done on that and just kind of pulling myself back into that moment of either just focusing on practicing gratitude in the moment for being like doing cardio. And I'm saying there and I'm like, I'm, you know, I energy to keep going after 45 minutes. Like fuck yeah, this feels good. Like I feel good right now. And the moment through my, oh my god, I can't even do 20 minutes or I'm like, well, you know, you feel like shit today, but you're still going to do it. So get through it. And it's just taking a day by day. And I don't even really know if I'm making sense right now. But it's just something that's been on the process of my mind of kind of dissolving expectations of what needs to be and just kind of experiencing everything a moment of the comes. And like I said, understanding that there's nothing I'm chasing. I'm the goal that I'm chasing death and exists yet. And that's something that's just exciting and stepping into that unknown is kind of scary, but it's exciting. And it's what separates fucking longstanding repeat champions. And the people who just kind of fire up and then says, hello. And I want to be the person who comes up here and fucking holds it. Because every single year I realize I have this like level of more potential in me. And I realize it's probably a limitless bound of potential in me. And I just got to keep unlocking more and more and more and more and more and more and more. And just doing it I think. And so it's honestly a super exciting thing. And it's really fun kind of unlocking new levels of your mind, I guess. And it's one of the things people ask me what you love so much about bodybuilding. Last literally, the number one thing I love about bodybuilding is a mental growth. It gives you the opportunity for self reflection and challenge that it gives me. And that how much that spreads into every other aspect of my life. So I've been a lot of fun pushing myself in kind of becoming more resilient, stronger and aware over the past few years. And as I was saying this year focusing a little bit more on that emotional side, like this year instead of suppressing my emotion, I've allowed it to come up. And that's honestly enabled my relationship to be a lot more connected through a prep rather than in the past week. This connected at the end of prep, I'm super locked in suppressing on my emotion. Corking in a sense what I got you was like, well, reconnect after the Olympia. This year I'm really trying to put an effort into like sharing with her as my emotions come up and talking with her and she's there for me. She's forced me and then she's able to give more to me because she understands more of what's going on. And it's honestly made us a lot closer together and we're far from perfect. And it's still difficult going through prep. But I've realized that not only am I becoming a better bodybuilder, but I believe I'm becoming a better partner in my relationship. Hopefully a better man along the way. And that's fucking the trophy I need right there. That's something I'm extremely proud of. So yeah, all that being said, I'm gonna get you so far. I don't know. Just how to really rough. Starts to this prep. And I didn't know if I was going to get through it. And it just feels good to be in my good spot mentally after something like that. And to have so many people who have helped me get here and supported me, including all you guys watching. I'm family and friends here. It's just something I'm really grateful for. You know, you don't feel like it brings out a lot of emotion to me. I don't even know why I'm crying. But at least I have crying positive, feeling gratitude that I'm able to feel now rather than like suppression and anxiety and overwhelming pressure. That has caused me to kind of break down in the past. It's just different this year. And I think it's just a testament of what I've been through in the past and learning from it and growing from it. Because it's really all we can do. Oh yeah, this is fucking long ramp. I didn't meet the cry on this. Yeah. Anyways. Appreciate you guys for watching. As always. Appreciate the support. As always. It means a lot to me. Chasing after number five this year is going to be special. This journey alone has just been special and I'm just excited to get back up on stage and just. Fucking tie-in-out on this one. So. Yeah. Peace out. Thanks for watching.