How do you think he looks for it? How he looks? Yeah. Big, looks good. I was saying this yesterday. I was like, I don't either, you look bigger than last time you saw it. I saw you where I got smaller so you look bigger. You just get smaller. I'm just getting smaller so everyone else that was big is looking bigger than me. I don't think I've got the open big. You got to do a bunch of like bullying shit, Chris. The bigger than Rami. I don't do shit. What is up YouTube? First thing in the morning, I don't do shit. I just feel like my water wake up and do you actually the only weird thing I do in the morning sound is a bit of breath work. I literally thought like meditation or spiritual I just do it because mad lungs. I slow down your breathing so much when you sleep. When I'm like brushing my teeth I do like breath work like a 20 deep breath. Hold the exhale. Hold it in the inhale to repeat and it just like wakes me up. I have no caffeine before I do cardio or anything. I just literally come out from my water and get on the treadmill. So obviously it kind of helps me if you get other people to throw a wake up in the morning while you're brushing your teeth. All right after whatever in the bathroom just do like a brown breath work and it wakes your head up. Then that'd be some spiritual meditation. People relate breath work too much. It's literally wakes you up at 50 full energy oxygen. It's how the body makes energy flooding your body to the oxygen. We'll give you energy anyways. I gotta get on the treadmill and you do some cardio. Okay, a place to be. But these shoes I'm just gonna mention you really quick. You guys know me I'm gonna see your head. I love nice shoes but they fuck my feet up. It comes pain with the fucking fog up here. But these are called zeroes or ex-EROs. These lambs and people bear further. Trouss, mullies are my favorite. They're like a bear foot shoe with a wide toe base and because I walk around and shoot their shoes off from me a lot of the time, I can train socks, walk around socks and much possible. I do my cardio and bear foot shoes just to help my feet and toes like spread a little bit. But yeah, they're like not very expensive. She just lasts forever, especially for the cardio. So, it's early gone and you get started. Okay, shit. Let me get right. All right, I know where to put the camera so you can get a little bit shaky. But any lot of people ask me what my typical goal to try to do with the routine is. I had to be getting a preference a little bit more gentle. I used to walk around my block. And suddenly, kind of wake up the outside and just kind of a different change of pace to me on a treadmill. But obviously my heart rate's on the beat is I do not even have to walk on an incline to that, etc. So I cut that out and now I'm just stuck on this fucking hands-through wheel for 45 minutes straight and I typically first-hand minutes I do it at like a forward incline. 3.2 speed. Just get moving and then after that I bump it up to like 3.5. 6 incline and at the end I'll go up to like keep it at 3.5 and go up to like an 18 incline and the 18 incline is really kind of like getting the heart going. So typically just trying to keep my heart rate from like 105-120. It doesn't really get to 120 until the end. But really all I need some low intensity city take I do. My neighbor's walked by here all the time and probably thinking, I'm fucking in that trouble. Just wet my ass off in this garage walking on a treadmill. It's beautiful outside of it. But there's what it is. You've got this treadmill with like tracks instead of fuel flow my head. It's used. It's thingin' beat up but it's really good for my knees. It's got a little more give. It's like a specific athletic running treadmill. So it's been helping my knees to get them out. I'm a barefoot shoes. Spread my toes when I walk. Do know all the things. I'm pushing through my glutes to make it on a high incline. Oh yeah, super simple. I should wake up every morning like I said just water. A little bit of breath of work. I've got 40 pounds of cardio and I've got my cardio right now. I totally all am doing it. I do a little bit of warm up for some like days. You should like that. But it's not so crazy to eat it. We're about five and a half weeks out. Last year got up to about an hour and a half total one a day. So I'm assuming it'll be about the same. Let's carry the better for me because sometimes we'll all one sane on here. I don't like just sitting on here. The first 10 minutes or so. I shouldn't close my eyes. I have the visualized prep. We're on stage. When the fifth title, I do like a little bit of a gratitude prayer. It's just saying like thing, things in great for four. I realize I think things in my life that I'm really quest to have. There are a lot of those. I'm very grateful. So I just kind of like remind myself of that. How I started my day. I'm not going with longer than the cameras that are looking at my phone. Then I get bored. I check my phone. Email's eyes and comments. Maybe whatever bullshit to go time. And then I just started new anime. So I've been watching bleach. I've got my actual got me on to Naruto back in the day. Finish that. Watch 100 finish that and start bleach now. The great show. The end of the night. I can slow rebirth. Fucking shit up. But it's a good little thing to kill time. Endless episodes in anime. And they're not too hard to watch. They'll get the paid attention every day. I can sometimes have it on. Background still see what's going on. I still have to enjoy that. So yeah, I've got like 20 minutes less. I know you're not supposed to do our things before reward. Whatever that interview mentioned is. I can't lie when I'm on the thing. Sometimes I'm excited to get off. I think I'll eat my pancakes. So that's what's getting through the last 15 minutes. But yeah, so we're gonna put this camera down. Because I have it's fuck holding it like this. I'm excited. I'm gonna thank you. Get a stay service. Okay. All right, so finished cardio. I had it call it like 9 a.m. And then the one I'm gonna have thought so I did like an hour of cardio. But I just lowered it down so I could actually talk. But it takes me this long to, I get up at like 7 30 in the morning and then do fucking whatever. My cardio everything. I don't even get my breakfast ready till 9.50 in the morning. Just a little bit of it. I'm going to do it myself. I'm camera. I'm fishing straight ahead. Look at this. Look at this close my feet. Chill. I'm gonna see that. I'm supposed to get my free feet shit. I'm sorry. See you're looking. I feel like trying to look at me. I didn't know it would stay. Okay, there you go. There you go. 252 pounds right now. That is exactly 10 pounds off of my weight limit. With five and a half weeks to go. So it's about two pounds a week. But really square is like four pounds a last week. Water and everything. So in a pretty good spot right now. I'm ready to rock. But I finally made my pancakes. I can't hold you guys this since we get through the morning. I'm gonna pancake the way in front of me. I kind of butt your the last few ones. But it's all taste good. I don't have any of my mum fruit syrup. Which kind of sad. So I'm literally just gonna be using real salt. As my strain is there. Spicy, whatever. Salt, the spice of the ice. Holy shi- I need to do it now. So yeah, this is breakfast. That's cardio. Rollin' out. Now I got to get like three meals ready because I've been trying to eat just early in the morning's possible. Get my meals in quick spots. We get my metabolism, fire and fruit. The day I make sure I have carbs in me before I train. I'm gonna train like two o'clock today. But if a contract comes to the warehouse in the fucking 40 minutes. So I'm gonna have to really speed this up. If my meal's ready, you've gotta go Walmart and fill up something for that. And then I gotta train. So kind of a bit of a stacked big. I'm gonna get the pancakes down. And I'll see you guys in a bit. It's a may or may not be able to hear me because I realized Calvett and gave me his camera was a microphone with no court plugged in. But I was just running at the door there. You guys like literally saw me look at the clock. But fuck I got to do X Y and C and I went into like fucking stress rush mode. Which is something that I've been stuck in a lot. This year and it really helped me back so a lot. And Courtney told me I need to read this book called The One Thing. And it's just like about I haven't read it. But I was assuming it's about focusing on one thing because even my therapist was telling me she's like, You can be the best in the world. But it's gonna take away from other things. It's gonna take away from the optimal business. The optimal relationship if your kids would take away from kids like you can't be the best and perfect at everything. There's something that's got to give some more. And for a while it was everything and it was my mental stress. So I've been really working on when I get myself into the state of like stress of panic of like being late for something. I'm like fuck okay I like stuck in that mode and I literally noticed my like plain of sight. My side of view whatever gets really narrow and I'll put my head down or stare at something and just like I like. It's like I'm looking through a tunnel like this and I've noticed something that helps me get out of that. It's physically opening up my side of view and being like. Slow down taking a breath and like looking around me literally like taking my peripheral vision into account and seeing the whole of everything. And being like okay life is so much bigger than this one little piece of stress right now. Slow down as fast as you eat shower, speed down the highway, whatever the fucking you need to do. You're probably gonna save a minute 30 seconds fucking of time. The pressure doesn't really speed things up that much. You might as well slow down and relax the state of stress because if you constantly live like that, your body genuinely in a constant state of stress which one of my favorite guys ever Peter Grown calls that being a state of this ease. And that's what creates disease. That's why people so many people in our world right now fucking sick disease. All the shit going on is the ridden's constant state of stress. And your body cannot heal or to the state of stress of the body builder. I can't recover and perform the way I need to recover and perform either professional bodybuilder. So, me living like that all year was traveling business, you know personal shit, fucking content here, trips there. Over the businesses prioritizing over here all these different things going on. Put me in this like constant go-go go-mode. And I didn't really stop and slow down and I'm very introverted and perspective person. So if I don't have time where I'm like by myself and alone, it would be like reflect me with my thoughts and like process where I'm out with my life. I tend to like build up a sense of anxiety and disease. And I started to notice that I wake up every morning like 4 or 5 a.m. and all the thoughts of like like I'm moving, I move to America. My taxes are going to all fucked up and I work as three different accounts in different countries in the business of the new business. And I remember while my GC this shit is content I got to do behind on this. I haven't replied to these people even. All these things that like for him and I can't sleep. And then I don't sleep, I wake up and I'm exhausted the next day. My training is shit, my recovery shit. And now the thing that's most important in my life that should be prioritizing bodybuilding, of some of my relationship of course, is suffocating from that. So I've been just working on slowing down and not being like I need to do X, Y and Z. Because a lot of things they don't. I have the most fucking amazing team at my back. I have Calvin who's got my back for all content. Dom Matt Forever, he went to the business court. He's got me set with food and everything at home. I got fucking mad at all the C-bumped and did this everything. We got to have a team on army people. I'll be able to... Sometimes he just slowed out and fucking let them and let myself take it easy. And all that has to do right now is prioritizing winning the Olympic. So that's what I've been doing. I've been taking time to meditate. I've been using this app waking up from Sam Harris. I don't really know if I love the guy but I don't listen to him. I just live into the app. And I've logged like 40 days in our own that thing. It's not even like anything special or crazy. It's just taking some time to be present and mindful of the present moment. Taking in like where you're at, your surroundings. It means slow things down a little bit. Not being this constantly distracted by thought, stress, and thinking what you have to do and where you have to be. So that's genuinely been helping me a lot. And I think a lot of people live like that in that state of stress, like I said. So working on that, it's definitely helped me. I'm sleeping way better now. I've noticed my workouts have been getting better. Even though I'm eating less than I'm getting leaner and stuff. It's just starting to like flow a lot easier in my life because I'm able to prioritize what I need. And not take out too much shit at once. And then saying no to a lot. So this fucking camera's going over. Sorry, Calvin. I'm trying not to break your camera. But yeah, that's, a mini update. Literally just did that this morning. I was like in a rush and then I was like, I like slow down. Take a look around you. It's going all right now. How fast are you going to rush right now? And are you going to be five minutes earlier late? Like with the fuck here, just show up whenever you show up and the life will go on. People will wait for you. So that's the C-Bum lesson of the day. Flushing down. Don't live in the state of this knees. Get out of that stress in your head. And enjoy life because meant to be enjoyed. Being mindful and taking just random periods of the day to realize like to be present and just look around you. Where you are in a crazy world is and how beautiful everything is. It really helps your perspective and overall like being in this world. So yeah, with that being said, I am only set up in the state. And I'm going to break out of the cameras when I'm going to shut this off. Because yeah, I lied to Lisa, but break that. I'm not going to break out of the camera. But if someone's late at playing with the wear, I'm right now. So I will see you guys with the next clip. And it's a marms day. Pump for that workout arm, be as in front of her the best. So I will see you guys later. Someone called Chris the toilet. There's no problem here. You're kidding. Yeah. I let her told that I will not take a shit in here. You're like, if you're a bathroom in your place, I'm like, yeah, if you're a shit in there, you're late for that. I'm like, shit here. Literally fucking shit here. And then you go and clogged my fucking toilet. Oh, there we go. Where's all this? In the way one. It went down. Fuck it. It is. I have to film this confrontation. I don't know if I can get it. The girls are over there too, so hopefully they're the best. I'm gonna just yell at them. Nathan, I told you not to take a shit here. You plump the toilet. You're the smart. Bro, you plump the toilet. I'm not joking. I told you. It's fun. It's fun. It's fun. You just said it's like, dude, it does. I told you, shit at the warehouse. You know what's in the mail? It's got back. What? Very serious. It was, yeah. You said it was a small, a principal. I told you, shit in the warehouse. A public restroom. You put on my, that's my bag. It's small, as I asked it. It's been a long time. I've never traded here. Kick though. Kids these days. Never spend. I don't know. Why don't you guys come here? One guy clocked the toilet. You guys still should have moved. So it's private too. All right, what's going on guys? Finally me into the gym. A little late again today, but it's okay because the arm day, so it's gonna be a good day. But we are, I don't know what I'm saying. Training ass was Mr. Lady Blair again today. So today, he's got his sprinting training after this. Yeah. Form arm pump warm up and then he's gonna go run. Yeah. So the arms and sprinting arms and sprinting. I think that is actually a good day. I give you that every day. But I thought about it all. But um, not by design. I'm wearing this shirt of something fun that we're doing next month. Calvin honestly spearheaded a lot of this project. So it was a lot of his idea in planning setting up together. But we're doing this really cool partnership with this. I'm not even sure what you call them is group. It's called GBRS group. They're ex-military Navy SEALs and they do like some tactical training. They say optics and stuff. I do a lot of cool stuff and they give a lot of their proceeds to some charities and some foundations that they've founded themselves. So we decided to partner with some creative hydration product. They do a lot of like physical like exertion training like whether tactical but also running and like I don't want to say crossfit but more intense stuff. So we wanted to partner with them for a hydration product. Where are they shirts right now? I'll be a pros one of the things. We made them like a really cool custom label. This is our only tub of hydration pattern right now. I wasn't that really thick. Let's flavor his red way and blue. So it's like, I don't know. Fucking delicious. It's really good. It's really good. It's like a, what's that called? I'm rocking. Rock it. Yeah. That's good. Really good. Just drop it. This one is really good. It's strawberry lemonade. Yeah. Yeah. And it actually takes a list of stuff. I got two scoops of the hydration and one scoop of the A's and it takes really good. So. But yeah. So something we've calmed us been planning a lot of it. And it's finally come in fruition around our memories. It's kind of the plan for it. We're going to be donating all the proceeds to the Danny D. Foundation right. That's what it's called. So one that DJ started to over at GBRS. So we're going to be giving all the money that we make from this over to them. We got two t-shirts coming to you. So we'll come out a lot more information when it starts to come up. Rows are going to be posting better GBRS is going to be posting better. So for now, just go check out GBRS. I'm in three or more whatever. And then we're going to be posting what's come. You guys can get this very exclusive product. It's exclusive t-shirts and everything coming soon. But it's all going to be for a really good cause donating all the proceeds to charity. So excited to be doing something like this definitely something that we're all stands for. And we want to start doing a lot more of. So excited to be doing this for the first time with this group. Yeah. So that's a team. But until then, I'm going to drink this down because we need the hydration this hot ass gym and I'm going to put those marks. And then we're going to do the last three hour workouts. And then we're going to start doing a lot of work. So we're going to do a lot of work. I've been starting with a rope just because the warm up of the elbows to really contract with your child. And then because it's fine gym now and it's going to be on the other table. I can take it two cables. So I've been using the straight bar. I've had an easy bar. For the overhand dress addiction and it really gets bigger really deep stretch. Not as head of the contraction the rope but pairing them to the super set. Really good way to start it. I've tried that already full of butter right now. Later rock, it's like warm up like this. I'm gonna be watching a press afterwards And yeah, it's just what I've been doing to start every hour more gillily and it's really good Stop What is How do you think he looks for it? How he looks? Yeah. Big. Looks good. I was saying this yesterday. I was like, I don't either. You look bigger than last time you smoked. I saw you or I've got smaller so you look bigger. You just get smaller. I'm just getting smaller so everyone else that was big is looking bigger to me. I think it won't be the open day. You got a few months back. I'm going to eat shit first. It's bigger than Rami. I'll try. I think I'm going to do one and a half but I'll try to do one and a half. Sure. You got a couple. You got a couple. Come on. I'll just do one and a half. I'm going to do one and a half. I'll just do one and a half. You're gonna go on. You got a couple. You got a couple. How long are you going to eat? I'm gonna eat. I'm gonna eat. I'm gonna eat. You got a couple. You got a couple. I'm gonna eat. Yeah You could feel like a one-gauge That one goes like right I think I'm going to get a knife, the nurse is always like making joke I get a knife and I just want to see it on that It's so easy to do But do I have to do that while your blood pressure is always looking to I have a doctor's and so I'm looking They continue quan Going all out of the steam you pick. different range of emotion so at some point trying to get a deep stretch from my tricep to two started with and another point I'm trying to get a deep stretch of my bicep which we're finishing with here. It just looks like a good way to really like thin everything especially so like myself I've really short bicep head. We'll get a lot of tension purely in like the lower head of my bicep to be able to stretch it back and it pulls it out. It allows me to contract with full bicep back here. I'm supposed to curl where I'm up here so just kind of hit the mothamol angles. This machine is like the best machine for like hitting shift and dipping angle to the dmg of the thing so more tension. My answers. I'll see you guys later. Beauty offices like functional trainer like 30 minutes of something. So I think about so yeah back then this guy's getting into track and field four weeks post retirement and retirement being fucking in the Latvia practice while for me but it's just thing to see. Long live the learners up. Roadshow. Again after like this my time's already got over my time. I only do this for five minutes and it's been like seven. I had to get an explode. This is the secret I'm going to make six foot four this year. Shit. How do we enter this? Oh. You guys are just captured my secret. Damn it's all related. But yeah the wrap on today's workout I've been doing these. Inversion tables for like five to seven minutes today. Doing two minutes before but I'm just keep working my way up. Just kind of release some tension in my spine if I get taller great but I just have my spine always so locked up. I'm just trying to stretch it out especially doing it after abs it feels good to crunch your abs and then elongate your spine. It just feels really good. It's also healthy to have your feet over your head for a while for your circulation and everything like that. Like for short periods of time but anyways that's a wrap on at the day. I'll show you a little bit of what I get up to in the morning with my cardio. I got to train arms with Ian and had a grand old day. So let me get some food in now. Chill go to bed early, bike up and do it all again tomorrow. Guys I'm blood work tomorrow so I'm going to be checking out some shit and make sure I'm healthy, thyroid working, fucking estrogen is not flied through the roof and just where I need to be and I feel really healthy this year so I'm just checking out some markers to make sure everything's where I want it to be and that's all that's really going right now. So yeah if you're watching, peace out, catch you next video.