Do I have abs? J-H-Got. Fucking DB. That's J-H-Got? Yeah. I'm at Natties, liver king, bro. Gotcha. Come on! Come on, Chris! Come on! Come on! Recombo, 11th and 10th! Come on! Let's go! Come on! Come on! What? What? This up. You too. I shouldn't be saying good morning, you too. We're gonna give you guys a morning routine video right now. We did last year. We've always been doing that stuff. So I'm gonna be telling you guys everything you do from when I wake up to, I had a little bit of health breakfast, I guess. But pretty much wake up. I try and get a leader of water in the morning that piss like a race horse through the night. Usually it's like six pounds, so I try and drink this in the morning. Push my teeth clean my retainer, but that all the way. And then I try and know where myself but make it. So I'm consistent because my clothes will all weigh a little bit different. I know 250, so we're good to go. Next step, I will come in here. I'll put this light on. This is a garage where you guys have seen some dope pictures from Calvin. I have a box set up right here. This is a shoe, and this is my tripod, and it's a bit of there. Step like a little bit under the light. It's like it's so harsh, and then I do my posing right here. Not gonna pose for you guys. You can be able to hold clothes like this. I'll get it. But for now, the pose is a secret. Do that. Then I send the video to Hauni with my weight. Pretty much every morning, at least every morning I actually pose. And then I'm gonna make a little lot of breath and like I'm down. Hopefully we'll get out of here when I get to the patio. Come back in here, and a little bit of a cafe. I'll let it just change this up. I was having throw burn. This should get you lit up, it has you hemmedine. Only the 150mg of the caffeine, which I love, because I don't want to have too much caffeine. But still make you sweat and get this dimmed up. But I'm kind of cutting that stuff out like 2.5 weeks ago, for the assuffer, I'm so timid and slowly picking away. Sweet news, that I like intense. I'll still have like a tiny bit in the coffee if I want it. But nothing quite that strong, I guess you could say. So I had there, it's grown up where I live before me. So I'm like, Hauni sometimes, but cold brew's also good because I'm going to slower it. And after I post in that garage, I'm normally already a little bit sweaty. And then to this, I had when you have these electrolytes samples. Again, I piss through so much through the night. That like, I'm dehydrated in the morning. Obviously, in these things, they're packed like a little grain of sodium in here. But I don't have nearly the whole thing. I've fallen these whole last few, like, in court, and you like, two or three drinks each. I'll let you sprinkle a little bit on like that. And chocolate flavor, just like you're wondering why the fuck is being electrolytes in there. It's chocolate flavored. And then I take a little froth there. Been in that. But you're right, it's better. You can't have said. Just stuff the way to the easy and the way that they're probably just there. It's very, very good to go. It's normal. I love to have some nut pods. Some like dairy-free, sugar-free creamer than sugar in there, but obviously, I'm not having that right now. So drink this. Super light chocolate taste, but it just gives a little flavor. Electrulates. And I refill my water back up to the top. Grab my headphones. And go start cutting off. So I'm just going to sip out my coffee and then I'll see you on the treadmill. Alright, so these are my ugly ass cardio shoes. It's not like the training socks. These are like the socks we call them to a shoe almost. There's like nothing to them. They're the support. Super wide toe-based right there. So I feel like my feet are cramed into a shoe. And I have tried every wood shoe. And according to this modern new pair of A6, you try a new balance on the shoe. You might be able to buy the barefoot shoes in your cardio. Your feet are not meant to be wrapped up in a tight, squished, like cushion shoe. So this is what I rocked for cardio. I honestly tell my knees to tell my feet to help my shins. When I do a lot of cardio and I'm someone who's really bad at feet, that's how it's like. This is the treadmill and the good old garage. I got a lot of buttons to serve, which is very annoying. I feel like I'll be taking a happy face to stare on the one pictures. That's it. We started in clans 3% speed 3 miles per hour. And take a t-shirt. And the screen is like an iPad large. It's full brightness. So I've got a t-shirt over top. Two reasons. Great of shit on my eyes in the morning. Second reason. I don't want to see the time on it. I've gone back in. So it's typically to just set it. People always have these treadmill setting. I think we do this and I'll go up to a 6% inkline. Slowly, the ramp might speed up to 3.4. It's about 5 miles per hour. And sometimes you do the end. I'll put up like 8% inkline in a really kind of push through my glutes. I'm walking and trying to squeeze my butt just to make sure I'm getting the good old glutes shredded. Also turn it fan on the fruit. This is just freaking hot in four of some days. And it gets brutal out here. And then just walk my house down for the, not about 45 minutes. I'm going to get the fuck up. Just thinking for 45 minutes. I'm not perfect. But I typically start head-on then. I put on like a relaxing music. Trying to like chill with like sometimes I like. Of course, why I'm trying to play with that. In vision. Whatever the rest of my prep. You go through peak weeks. We back stage. We getting on stage. We doing this stuff. And I like putting myself through the motion. Like that. And I kind of feel it on. It's green so I want to get myself like meant to prepare for it. How do you feel? I think that is the time of the week. Sometimes I just shake here. I think it's like. I'm going on in my life. It's like you like a gratitude reflection. We're in the shit like that. And then I'll go in. Check my emails. I'll play a text. Oh, blah, blah. I also forgot to mention when I go to sleep. I put my phone on airplane mode. I like not a fucking night. So nothing can even come through. I wake up. Nothing comes through. No notification. And it just stops when I'm driving. I think about anything until I'm on the treadmill. And I choose to take it off airplane mode and check if I have anything going. It feels like that's stressful thing for me. Work or email or whatever. I don't have to focus on it. I'm not telling where you're to focus on it. And then I go through all that shit. You go up to show. I'll show off for you too. Kill time. And then we'll see you have a death to that. So I'm going to crush this shit and enjoy it. Have you seconds? I could do this in my cardio. I'm going to do that. All right. I can do that. My absolute array. I've helped someone to do something to take. I'm probably going to ask what I'm taking to my gym to say as I'm running. But I've got K2D3, kidney, turmeric, vitamin C, a whole bunch of fish oils. I know there's counter-gene fish oils, but I can have it in every single day. So my body is used to it. Take lipid. It's been healthy cholesterol. I'm sodium bicarbonate. This is actually supposed to be anti-cancer. But it's also helps for kidneys. And so it's kind of a progressive medical thing. Get it for your kidneys. And then liver and heart. What's going on? This is breakfast. Ah, so it'll be like 10 calories at least. More than 10 calories. There's like 10 on meggers in there. I'll do it every year. If I had just added that in like a week out, I had in like 100 calories from fish oils. Maybe it wouldn't be the best. But my body is used to it. I'm the one doing it. So we're doing it. Anyways, just finished cardio. 45 minutes, wrapped it up. Honey, it's called me. I send a video and then he wanted to call me to go over a game plan. That was like 2.5 weeks out of stuff. It's changing very consistently. He likes to more cardio. He likes cardio. Post today instead of cardio. He does if it's chest state. So fine tuning everything can change almost every day. And luckily he talks a lot. He can just rant on the phone. So it's good when I'm on the treadmill because then I just can get through it. And next thing I know, I'll take off. I've been walking for 45 minutes and we got a game plan. And I'm ready to go. And sometimes on my counter, I rush out the door. I gotta go, man. What is it? But he's very technical. And I mean, we're 2.5 weeks out. So I want to take a lot of what I want everything locked in. And even if sometimes coaches tell you to change stuff consistently, they're really hot. Just to make you feel like you're doing more than you are. Then that helps. Like if I'm like, okay, well, if you're going to do this today and change that tomorrow, like some different every day just to kind of break up the monotony of the bodybuilding fucking groundhog day. Sometimes it helps. Anyways, just made my pancakes this morning. I've been going back and forth in my morning routines between either making oats and eggs or bunning, either to pancakes. I don't know why. I just like switching it up. So I've got to on it. You like two separate things. Let's taste a little bit different. Sometimes I just want to eat a plate of thin watery, a way to pancakes. So today's one of those days. I'm going to put you up. And enjoy. I am freaking hungry right now. You taste better than a hamburger in the assies. I like to do this. You start yourself for 16 weeks to eat these. It's really good. You start yourself for 16 to eat. It's really dirt. Exactly. But you get more enjoyment from it because you're deprived. Quite deprivation. It's a beautiful thing. You get more joy from small things. When you're out of a burger in the tent? No. I know they're earned. Something through deprivation. I want it more. Yeah. I have a studio in the ass today. This is probably the epitome of how you don't want to live in press. Cameras and light sunions. But you're lucky to live you guys. Anyways, final part. Yeah, my morning routine sometimes I call it to briefly morning. But lately I've been doing a son and call it to later in the day. So I'm going to lean more on your routine. I've been stretching and rolling it a little bit. I just want to roll it a little bit at the start. Just like move some stuff through in the night stretch. My hips hip flexors. Cool. It's a little bit just to get some moving. I feel like there's been like a trend lately. People being like, foam roll doesn't do anything. Stretching doesn't do anything. And there's been this trend of people like debunking everything that everyone ever done in the mid. It's like nothing works. Oh, she's having some fun. But you know what? And it totally. I have never stretched in the past. And this year I've been stretching like five times a week in the morning. My hips feel better. My quads feel better. My knees feel better. I've been less pain than I've been. I can squat right now at two weeks. I was no knee pain. My stretch and cuts everything in my legs are a little bit more fuller, a little bit deeper. And when I get really like tight in my hip from doing it with so much cardio. I actually start to feel like tired and exhausted. It can even affect my digestion just like blood flow everything. I'm about to drain my dreaded bed. Yeah. All that good stuff. And it's helped me and anecdotally I feel better doing it. So I'm going to continue to do it. But I typically just roll through my quads a little bit. Like I said, get stuff going. And then I go over a couple of carpets stretcher over the stretcher. It's a stretcher, it's all showing in a minute. All right. We're on through this a little quick. I'll show you guys in a second. So tell them that there's a watch me stretch for 20 minutes. But huge thing hip flexors. I don't know if everyone's definitely tell me. I like to find something that's like yay high. Put my son on it. And then you forward like this. And I'll like thrust my hip forward, just flex my glute of the foot that's up. And kind of push through with my hip like a pelvic toe pushing forward. And you really feel like a tight stretch in your. And I'll just kind of like move around like that and then let me back. And then I said put my arm behind me and I'll feel like all the way up here. Like this. And then they sit into a little bit deeper. Just let it pull in there. You just kind of find whatever spots it really tight. And when it hits, I just hold back. I mean sometimes I'll literally get to that part. I'm watching show. Do some of my phone. I'll just sit there in that position for like a minute or something. Just really let it open up. And then I don't do this right before I train and do it like early in the morning. And then I'm like four hours later, working out. So if I'm doing like that, it's not like overly loose. And I also do my hip sluts. Just sit like this. Cross me like underneath me. And this is when I always crack through my hips. I'm just going to get some good, so good through at least. If I let it sit, kind of thing, just push. So you feel where you want to feel. This is where I get my hip up in the hip chops. Sock it, joint in there. Loosen up a lot. I feel like it's too, especially if I lean forward like that. It really gets that shit out like that. After that, you do a little bit of hamstring and stuff. Just like open my legs wide. This is kind of like a doctor growing into it. That you're just like, curl myself forward. Like reach a few times. And I push my feet out like this. So that my toes are pointing out where it's in. And you feel that pull a little bit deeper in your groin here. And you pull it in there. Next. We're going to read them. The million ways to stretch everybody. Let her just put her out. That's for you. I like just sitting on a knee. And I cannot have a slight bend in my knee right here. And this is for my hamstring. And I can like rotate a little bit. Pull my other hamstring. If you come in a little bit and get on my inner there. And just feel like you always just got to feel your body. Wherever you need it. Pull from that position. Sitting at. When your body gets comfortable in there. Push a little bit deeper into it. Breathe through your stretches. And roll with it. These are the main ones that I do sometimes. I'll like find my back. Put my knees to my chest. Roll it to the side. How that kind of gets tough. But these are the main litter for that I do because my hips. Hamstring, glutes and flots. The places that I try to think of my body. Some days I'll stretch my lats. Just simply by like setting on something like this. And pulling one at a time. And just rolling through whatever I feel like I need to. Tip by the podcast on or even show I'll set up over there and watch it. And I do this for like 20 minutes. It's my super easy. And honestly some days from like really tired. And I feel exhausted. Bees up. I'm just like, fuck this day. After this, I actually have more energy. Just like blood flow. I'm going through your body. Let the energy kind of flow through your body. And greatly to start with the day. So you don't feel like I've completely asked. Even though I still do I need to be very not going to. So that's pretty much it for my morning routine. I'll probably take a cold shower after cold. Not really cold water. The shower is in Florida, sadly. But it is what it is that it makes it cold. I can't. Sometimes I dip in the cold tub. Like I said, if I do in the morning till like two or three minutes. Tip would do it longer later in the day. With a sauna, special on rest days. And about it. Probably not going to show you me getting in the shower. Because Kelvin's sitting there for me. They give more training. They won't be able to kind of sus. And you got the very sus. So I don't want to show you that. So thank you for watching. And I don't know what we're training after this. But see you at the gym. All right. What's going on guys? Should we do that? How many of us should we do in a minute? But I'm like 50 grams of carbs to be right now. And I'm feeling it. Warm it up. It's just literally trying to get energy moving through my body. So I can actually feel my muscles and functioning. Pretty much refraining from 90% of free weight at least with like combat movements. So I warm up the shit. I'm actually like four sets of fire. 10 reps on this machine here about the SRD on working sets. Then we're going to move through some machine presses. Maybe some dumbbell raises. And get through these beautiful shoulder workouts. Also one of the days where I have the worst fucking protein fights. So I tried to get them all up before I came here because no one wants that as a gym. I'll hold it in, but it's part of the prep sadly. You need a private gym for that sole purpose. I'll be holding it in because I don't want to fucking embarrass myself for front of anyone here. Luckily, it's a dead gym. Calvin might be the one suffering. If you institution that I stand on the ground you're.) I beg my knee. And they just tear into the Hamilton. It's too hard to if they make my legs up. But warm ups. Playful. We've been doing a little bit more. While you know what I'm about to 3-4 to 3 minutes editing. But right now I'm really trying to make my blood moving and flow in. I'm not hitting any PR that you're really happy set 3 now. So I'm trying to burn calories, blood flow, warm up properly, not hurt myself. If you do that yourself, the gyros need to get too slow. I think it's low. It's trying not to lose all my size. 2. I KF-Are Trucks. I play no Chicken fullest. Take your phone and make you work out. Honey texted me. He says how many Colorfullvia left do I? 1.踭 with your cut, it's all! I'm just sick! I guess I'm having zucchini and fish both workout. The dream come true. No more carbs for the rest of the day. I'm telling you a fucking shredded boy, this is two weeks at and time to suffer. Time to deplete the suffer. And just nap and workout and survive. So, it's game time. A little bit more. Check my water on the glitter water bottles. I just shake the strike on them. But it makes me drink more water, till I'm checking for whatever reason. I have to piss all the time. I'm nearly back there. The opposite corner of the gym, the machine, and just a two-leaf walk over there. The whole my face has to work out. He's pissed myself. She's our own diaper. Yeah. Bum diaper. It came out new line of bum pull-ups that you were at the gyms you don't have to go pee. The one thing about being good or good, she's speaking weaker now. His hanging is his machine. I fucking love his machine, but just wait too late. There's flex fitness. Troubles are pressing to have her. It's like loaded. It's when the pin loaded. And it's full stacker there. I just controlled the way I push. Took my asses and I can't use it. But when we're going out, I don't feel like loading up. I want your plates. Such an infotainter truck out there. I don't know the good the fuck. Yeah. That's it. Nice to be with you for this one reason. I'm not gonna do that. I'm gonna do that. I'm gonna do that. I'm gonna do that. I'm gonna do that. I'm gonna do that. I'm gonna do that. Freeways. All in the unit access. It's really right now. So I did three sets. Three sets pin loaded shoulder press. Now I'm gonna do two set laterals. Two sets front raises. We've honored the rear delts. Probably going to be it for shoulders. But I want to give it a shout out to Flex too for the t-shirt. He's randomly set me a box with some dragons there. T-shirts. And then this one, which is like a custom cut and so shirt. And it's like a little bit longer. No head off Flex. This would be an absolute stress on you. But I like it. Because I love long kind of overset t-shirts. So I don't know if you're building a brand or not. But if he is, if he's soon just, I gotta shirt in the mail. It doesn't say if Jack is there or Flex is on his side. Thanks Flex. Love you. See you in a week. Thank you. Don't be skinny bitch or have sake skinny bitch. Take difference in your verbiage. But I'm skinny bitch. You do what I call funny pills. The bitch flat. Redel Flas. Do it with a, the best with a metal cable. Our metal handles will lock through wrist and position. Instead of pulling like this, we're going to do the neck exercise. You can do like a bitch flat motion. And I like to high point down a little bit. I feel it more into my like mid rear del, rather than into my trap for it all. Feels good. I don't know. Whatever you hear in the best amount of most connections, Re del is one of those finicky things you gotta play with. I feel it's good to me. So give it a shot. So there are too many head lesson to they Magazine. I'll tell you this, Jim will have one pack there. So much waiting to do. Reverse flies on there. But I was gonna wrap up to you with a little bit chiceps. And then I'll feel like waiting. Doing nothing, so finish them, not finishing. Replacing my finisher, but whatever, I don't know what I'm saying. Do these cable cars or everything from doing these this prep feel very good on my chiceps. I slated movement. I had my chiceps a little bit through shoulder so I just kinda polish them off over here. So I'm not gonna be turning arms for three days. So I figured, might as well get a little extra in there and then think whenever I think it's getting down, the fact that when you see all that finish there, I'll come and help you and take it for me. Well, abs, little cardio, go home, easier carbs, make the honey, do it all again tomorrow. The part of those work out where I'm just dying. But I'm gonna make Calvin film this, because people say I don't do abs. So, Calvin, no. Every time I go to train out, they just leave the gym. I don't know. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna go to train out, they just leave the gym. And everyone's a dual train out because I'm like, no Calvin just doesn't like filming with you abs. You don't do abs. Okay. But I don't do abs very intense, but this is the first year I've actually trained abs. I know I have proof that I'm cramp. I used three, four, five reps and just cramps up out. I can do any more. Now I can do three, four, five sets and not die. So, the plus for me, I don't know if it's going to train, stay still and look at that different right now, have a little bit better abdominal control. But I don't do any like weighted crunches, heavy machinery, none of that bullshit. I was doing more like bodyweight crunches and like leg lifts and different variations throughout my prep. But now that I'm at the end and I'm on it's just dead at the miracle, I just do straight leg raises into knee-tocks and do like four, five sets, nothing crazy. Almost failure is not quite and then call it a day. Salt takes. One set, one there. No, I do that. I try to get 10 straight leg, 10 knee-tocks, my first set or so and then the rest slowly dwindled down. I don't get any body pump right now. Now I'm going to pump anywhere and so depleted when my abs get pumped. I don't know why. It's not like it's doing, it's not what you want. But hopefully have a better midsection on stage to see. Have you ever bent over and just like your top ab gramps? Bro, I fucking have to stand like this, I just lean backwards so I lean, or the other side of the aircraft. It looks like a lock, it looks like a herniac. It sticks out of the hole, it's packed like contracting six out of a miserable lock. Do I have abs? Dude, being literally like a Back on the stairs. Can we wrap on the tour? I hope you guys enjoyed my morning routine, my morning ritual. My shoulder day, my actually training at the, the living or not, you see me here first. First, might have a sick back on the stages here. Maybe even a five and a half pack if you feel like he. But that's gonna be wrap on today's workout two weeks out. Like I just fucking told you guys how to pull my food out in the cardio. Time's suffer. Only really. 12 days until I weigh in, 11 days until I weigh in. So I gotta be sub two-four, he has so some weight to lose and weigh in. This is good to remove them. But typically in the morning on Thursday they're actually at late at night. Now I won't say. Let me back to the way under two-four, he had like 8 p.m. night which is a fucking hard to eat. So. I better be fucking shredded. So I'll go say. That's all I'll say. That's all I'll say. Thank you for watching. Love you guys. Thank you for joining me on the beautiful journey of getting shredded. Join the journey and join the process. Have fun with it. And it's almost all over. So, it's still next time. Goodbye.