Alright so this is the guys repeat right here. This is the remote control for the toilet. Wow! Watch the toilet. You can see that. You can see that. And this day we have a time for children's show. So you can keep the seat key in for 10 to 10 sit down. You want something to know? It's got a bedding. You have to see sitting so that you can use it. But that little bit I'm working to do. Oh! You do about whole real nice. You have a female option to free between the kind of half. Or if you want to display your balls you can do that. What? What do you think about all? So there's even this is super weird. I was a little obsessed about that one. But they're the massage option. And you know what it did. But it moves the water. It's got up and down and the massage is... Oh! That's what I mean. I have to do that one shot. In this whole room, you just... For the toilet. Then I put a T-D-D-E-L-A-D-R. And I'll just spend half my life in here. For a minute. Where are you going? I'm worried about it. I'll be just shitting for two hours a day. I'll just do that. I'll just do that. I'll just do that. The mic on? What? Is up? YouTube. Welcome to the probably the first leg day in a while. Probably the first leg day I've done the wild too. So, still I'm even back in here. I'm going to push some weight still. So, do a little bit less volume, but we're going to be focusing on some tempo stuff. Like that stuff I did with Justin to give me some tempo stuff to follow up. So, we're going to be following that. Doing some cool shit. Trying to get huge legs. Trying to do all the fun stuff. I tried to run a mile the other day. A couple days. Didn't make it the full mile, but still good to get my heart rate up. I'm going to do like 10, 15 minutes. My ankles now are fucked up. Being 255 pounds trying to jog. It's not fun. So, I got some stability to work on. Who knows, maybe I'll be like Phil Heath in Generation Iron 2 or 1. Or 1. Or you see him running down the fucking Hollywood Hills in California. We all knew he didn't actually do run, but maybe I'll be a bodybuilder in Canron. Or I'll hurt myself in a week and never do it again. We'll see. But, I'm going to get big. Oh, I finally got on. Probably the number one podcast I would ever want to do. Podcast-wise, Joe Rogan. But probably the person I would love to meet the most. Jordan Peterson. That lady didn't get to meet him. But we did a podcast over Zoom, which was really fucking cool. I'm not ashamed to say I've been a huge fan of him for a long time. I read his book, I was going to do a lot of his shit. So, being able to hear his voice, speaking to me after listening to probably hours of his lecture than shit, was super cool. I know he gets to fly on the unit, but fuck those people. I've learned a lot from him. He's helped me a lot on my journey growing through all this bullshit. I'll just love his stuff. I've learned that I try and share with you guys. Some of it's inspired by him. So, to be able to speak with him. Talk about my experience of life and have him like elaborate on his boss on it. Talk about some of my mental stuff and then him just put it into the alcohol words in which he does. But super cool. So, that podcast. Maybe livens come to probably not, I don't know how long he takes him to put him out. But I'll be telling you guys when it's up, I think with the really fucking good podcast. Dude, as smart as hell, just listen to it in sight. Never gets old. So, that was truly an honor. Really awesome to do that. And yeah. So, stay tuned for that one. Pretty fucking pumped that I got to do that. Maybe if I'm cool enough, I'll do it again, not to get to meet him in person. I think it's gross. Good. Cut myself. Why? A little bit. Alright, I think we're warmed up. The year of warming up, I feel it. I don't know what to start with. I gotta check my phone. My arm's been all the way back and down. I let go, but my hands are, I think I'm stuck back there. Alright, I'm more fucking around. What are we supposed to do? Let's plot super set with leg curls. Pretty silly, Matt. We've front foot elevated splits blocks. Some hamstring curls. Start this bad boy off. Three balance right now. I'm not sure if I can get it out of my head. Matt, we're not training legs hard for a long time. You can bodyweight fucking gasses out my legs. That's a hot in here. I'm gonna have to get creative because they only have a fucking smith machine squat and cables. So, I think it might have a free bar too. You're fucking powerless to ready into the two weeks. I need to warm my hamstring more before I do this. The brand new machine theory's got a new squat rack at the last one of the shit. Someone has a little Nordic curl attachment, so trying it out today. Apparently this movement's fucking amazing for your knees. Strengthening the back of your hamstring up in your knee like that. Provent any knee injuries. I've had a lot of fucked up knee pain, so not this area. I don't know if there's other way harder on the ground. If there's ever done them on the ground, but he's a do-of-the-machine. He's been like, hold myself out, move a lot slower. I lost a lot of that, thanks. Oh shit. Like I heard quick. Goal I was doing three-second down, pause for one second, explode up, three-second down. Repeat. Just controlling the eccentric motion a little bit more. Got some bulkproof knees this year. No more crunching knees. You guys want to know the real secret? Well, I'm trying to protect my knees. It's supposed to go to Aspen today, but we've been moving for the last two weeks. I've been months really. I think we'll go by my house later today, and I'll show you the chaos we're in right now. But I'm going to Colorado on Monday now, so let's go today. I'm going to go snowboarding for like 12 days. It was going to be two weeks, but we've shortened the trip. Let me go down there, turning it to Sean White. So we've got to make sure I've both proof me through that. One of my favorite things to do outside of day-to-day life, snowboarding. Just peaceful and free on the mountain. I can't fucking waste the Earth out there, so. Priming my body now. The aesthetic make-y plates. I know how functional they are, but probably it's functional that I am, but they looked the I'm good. So I'm not going to make it post with them. They're drawing from pure metal, like yo, can you get me these? Next thing you know they're in my gym. So any calviner gonna be powerfully 405 by the end of the year. Good times. Whenever I take a lot of time off, how we find it's so interesting how your body's ability to adapt, not only to load, but just to stress, I guess. Change is so much. Like I just did like three sets over there, with some hands. My quads are like fatigue. And then I do like eight reps here and they're just like, lactic acid burning up in the entire floor. Not heavy, not even a load. Just literally moving that much. They're not used to it. So your body nervous system builds on ability to push longer and harder and stronger. How do you train it? Fascinating. I don't know. You just start off like a little bitch in the office and then by the end of it you can do fucking crazy, drop sets through. Super sets and not even feel tired. It's getting a bit of error. There's enough. I have no endurance in my life. Oh. Holy shit. That was really humbling. I'm not gonna lie. I keep joking around knowing how to shape it, but I didn't think I would that bad. I was trying to do a three second negative, three second and a centric, three second content trick. Motion to start. My feet low. Put my feet medium. Do slow down, hold for three seconds up, pull through three seconds up and then put my feet high. And just rep it out. I thought I could do way more weight than this. So it would be a warm up in there. It's been a bit close to getting half the set done. Oh fuck. Show us the belly. It's growing. Big girl. Women's bodybuilder in there. Hopefully not. Let me. I don't know if I'm the only one who remembers being in prep filling this fucking entire machine. Practically, I need a gym pin in this. Now, we're up in it for like 18 reps. Wow. It's that time. Nattie C-bumb though. Fucking full nattie C-bumb. I can beat me a lump of this year, nattie. They can do nattie division. I can't do that. God damn it. I can't do that. I can't do that. I can't do that. I can't do that. I can probably do 135. I could probably do 135. I was fucking around over there fixing my tripod. I put 135 on the bar and did 25 reps. I was going to throw back with a 3 minute rest. I think I just got like 31 reps. I just got like 50 reps of anything. I don't even think I had the bar. I just didn't do body weight. Then, over 50 times, I lower back would be fried. So, it's going to take me a while to be able to complete the style of workout. But progress, something I move forward to. I like to speak shitty at things. I mean, I got a lot of room for improvement. So, moving on. This is hard to do. Alright, finish it up. I'm going to superset some calves and some abs. I'm trying to do leg raises. Like, toe touches to the bar. Just to really squeeze my whole abs and the fucking suck. I can do like eight reps and I'm tired. So, working on those sets of like 15 to 20 calves. Can I nice pump in the legs? No, we're done this workout. But I got to go eat. Got nine that time. Progress. I'm going to cramp before doing two sets. You ready? Not dropping as much again. Lets get ready. We're done, let's do a little walk. Now speak the kick out of the new home, cover the boxes. But they are very nice. I don't know. I have a home that's our home that we release. If you don't know. We've just been living in suitcase in roommates and now we're just us. Seven months we've been in boxes. It would be a prep, about the travel of Christmas, if Thanksgiving, lots of chaos. So grateful to finally be in a home, and this is the key to... I'll give you the other two or when it's actually clean in the box they're put away. So, you guys can check it out then. The best part of the whole house is a master bathroom. We're at the toilet room. You can show them that. The toilet room? Alright, so I'm sure the bathroom will show you the toilet room. The palace. Alright, so this is the master piece right here. This is the room control for the toilet room. I'm pouring you on here and then you're in the flush, but if you... It's probably blowing your nose in. I'm just going to flush from here. Once you get up, you can see that. And this thing has a temperature control. So you can keep the seat heated. So it can be sit down, nice and heated. It's got a bit of a day in it. And you have to be sitting so that you can use it. That little bathroom can do. You can do about whole real nice. You can control the pressure in the temperature of the water. And then you can turn it a little fan on. You can control the temperature in the pressure of the fan to drive yourself off. So you don't need any toilet paper. Even as a female option, it's freeing to clean the front half. Or if you want to tickle your balls and you can do that too. Or just clean your butt off. So, quite the library thing. You can control temperature pressure. This is the position of everything. Watch it, stop it. There's even this is super weird amount of water. It's a little sensitive about that one. But they're the massage option. And you know what it did. But it moves the water. It's got up and down. The massage is pretty sensitive. But I don't know if it might have to go down with my shot. So this one is a cool part of that. I don't know why you didn't do it or not. I do, but I'm talking about that as this whole room. You just pour the toilet. Then I put a T.D. up here. And I'll just spend half my life in the air. I'm pretty good. Very young. I'm worried about it. I'll be just shit for two hours a day. Probably six hours a day actually. Alright, so that's the beginning of the house. Go on. There was a girl. Fuck, it's got the camera at all the time. They're about to learn. But yeah, like I said, it's been a fucking chaotic getting to this point. This house was supposed to be done in July. And then it was August and it was September. Then it was in Olympia. And then it was pushed back back back back. And we've just been like inboxes in two cases. It's a whole time. So it feels good to finally be here. Still not done in the building. There's still here fine-tuning things. I've always been told if you try and build the house. It's gonna be fucking twice as long as you've ever expected. We didn't even build the house. We were just picking the finishing for someone to already built it. And then left it halfway through. So it is one of those super great things to be here. Super pumped for us to actually be able to unpack and come home. Because I've been traveling so much. I think it was the last two months, plus the first three months of the year. I'll be home like 25% of the time. 75% of the time I'm literally traveling on the road. We're Brazil, Tennessee, Dubai, Turkey, Canada. And we're going everywhere at the future. So I've been chaotic and when I come home. I don't have a home I've been coming to. I've been boxes. I've been barely having time to work out. I've been not even catching up on work stuff. And then be feeling behind and it's like on YouTube. And just lots going on. So China just keep my feet under me. China built the river and the chaos. I've always saw this quote that I connected with. That was like all successful people having the ability to survive in the chaos. Even as just when I'm practicing for right now. I'm giving myself no where to route and ground myself. I'm just learning to operate within all that. So, sometimes, exciting times. But that's really all that's gone in my right now. So I decided to do an aspect. That's going to be my break away. Come back. I'm packed to house. Travel a bunch more and get all this a year because it's not stopped. So, pretty sure you guys are watching. See you next time.