I don't want to do this in kelvin knows I don't want to film these videos and everything but I do think that maybe I'm like you know it I could be dead again, you know and then I'm gonna go beat that guy again and again until I don't want to and I just hope I have it in myself to know when it's time to hang it up in color quits Come on come on Chris come on you are You Those the Go to shoes. Yeah, you know you have 20 gradas shoes and we're at the same three every day because I'm in decisive and I like neutral colors. Oh You're driving sure You're going to What is up YouTube welcome to I guess our first real official episode of the prep series Should get real five and a half week out month and a half until the Olympia getting shredded get lean Get skinny try not to be skinny bitch but get skinny in the process. I'm not moving down here So I was back day today can be running you through a workout having run you through like a full all-abbit workout in a minute So we do that I mean you get a little update kind of my mindset going into Olympia afterwards It's the first kind of episode I guess the prep series where I'm at my motivation my lack of motivation With driving me right now that shall get it to the app of the workout But so then back day so trying to get a huge back certain lot pull downs I started these two sets over hand to set the under hand get my back warm ready to go and I Is Oh All right so same exercise just as we were with grip now. I try to push the width of the fire pulling down but I start over hand two sets like that and they'll do one feel set just to make sure I have the weight right under hand and the two more pull down and then we're going to move on to under hand grip rows. We're trying to focus on building that lower lorry now that we've been like done the year by back. It's a pop-on stage and I'm heading back to the little guy so do that after this but first two more sets here and that's it. All right first heavy row movement for the first grip row. This is only you over hand grip rows and I kind of have big rear delts area like that but my back lower back lower lat thickness so I'm trying to really lean forward and pull through that like Christmas tree so that when you see when you hit a back post and I like kind of Christmas tree first and then pull up to show that density back there. There's something honey told me to do right at the beginning. I'm trying to work the other in my august which my rows over to this and I also feel it's really good my feeling at this part of my back I don't normally feel even with like machines and everything. So I'll insert that like two plates once a 275 and then I got up to three plates that peeked strength so along with it I'm not going to weaker yet from cardio and dieting and everything it's like five weeks up so I'm going to try three plates if I still got it and try and get that back huge because why the fuck not. Almost miss the raster and diet. But in my at that point in prep I still have my strength when I'm in the set leading up to it and all day I'm so tired. This is literally worth all the mental getting back in head and even if you're feel tired no like out of it whatever fatigue I still have all that muscle and all that strength left like pushed through mentally. I'm sure that hard when you do just have to know if you're back at it now before the gym but I'm also just as strong as I would be going to get out of the right now so I can let it go to waste. All right next exercise another bed cover we're all going to do chest support of this time to get my lower back a little bit of break and make sure I'm really isolating my upper back this time so instead of elbows in tight under my grip pulling down low over hand grip chest support is pulling a little higher than my chest hit my kind of upper chat mid back just a different thing with my lower back fatigue right now so two main row move is it began to work out make sure I get like something strong how for row end and then once the more machines and keep doing it at The fire stretch. All right, next movement. The hammer strength machine that the lot like this. We don't have it. We're Jim's probably more likely to have that in this project. Bro, but I like doing this one arm at a time and I put my the same arm, the same leg that I'm really going to put that back. So I can get my hip out of the way and pull my elbow and low and tight. Again, hitting that full lot lower that. Very similar to if we do it in a dumbbell row. But in the machine, you can throw a little more weight on it. I'll talk it a little bit more. Protect your core. Waste a little bit when you're lazy like me. So wrapping up with this. Only sort of with the machine needs to put like fucking seven plates on towards the heavy. So I'm going to get to that. My cardio is the day to put plates on here and then see when you're else being hit. That's ripping my sore out of my body. That bench is just holding me back from fucking. It's being torn into the depths of hell. Worth it. So I'm going to show you another hero. But when you feel like when you're waiting for a machine, people take a fucking forever. But when you're using the machine, you're probably taking just a long. So my impatient ass is at the do the low row, which I normally finish with. And then simply do that switch over there, switch the higher up, do not pull over. And then call it a day. We'll be right on to the exact day. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's a success. That's how to do it with a bar instead of a rope today. The bar was already there and it was angled perfectly from my wrist to be set in neutral. So I thought, why the fuck not? I've been focusing a lot more on the cable pushing out and down. If you're pushing the hole time down and you're left, I'm pulling the bar into. You feel a lot deeper contraction in your last hole. I'm doing this. So finishing off with some deep black contractions and then hit some abs. Go home. Knees up the tail of the fish. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.