Money for you, buddy. $50,000. Great success. Pulling up. Come on, come on, Chris! Come on, you're one in steel. Oh, total, total, total. Let's go, finish it off. What's that? What is up, guys? What is up, YouTube? I am going to be doing a Q&A today, focus solely on the work that I put up. I found a trick to if I put up with question boxes. They've just all over the place, but if I give you specified questions, you give me such a lumpy of focus. I get a lot better questions. At least kind of got a question, but you guys are still set up. But anyways, I'm going to get into this Q&A, I'm going to run through the questions I think are interesting, and they're all folks on the NAPSO. First question, did you change your sleep habit? I am very big on sleep, especially in practice. Sleep is so important for body-belinks, especially in practice. It's very important for all of us to be sure your body fat is still dropping. Also recovery, everything. I just am obsessed with it, especially in practice. My sleep habits change a lot. I started wearing these blue, light blocking glasses at night for a while. I try not to be on my phone at night, but my phone on airplane mode an hour before bed. I try to go to bed every night like 10 p.m., which is really early for me. I try to make sure that I'm at the same time every day, and I'm on the same stage. My schedule gets my circadian rhythm in a rhythm, and it makes my energy level more consistent, more reliable, so that I can do what I need to do all day. But sleep is fucking huge, and I think everyone should be able to get strict schedule to be consistent. When did you start to implement more cardio? I'm new week's out and duration. So ultimately you should do cardio all year, and I do a flight off some time to do it at least 20, 30 minutes or so a week, and then I'll start my prep out of about 16 weeks out, and slowly just ramps up as I eat it, so it started there, and then the longest is sat out with 45 minutes for like eight weeks, I just had 45 minutes at the morning, and I honeyed and wanted me to do one more than one session of 45 minutes, so we added another session later on, which was 30 minutes, so the most cardio you'd all prep, although it was last four weeks, was an hour and 15 minutes total, split up into 45 minutes the morning, 30 minutes it pulls work out. How do you say motivating knowing that you're already miles ahead? First of all, I don't know, or feel like I'm out of the head, and I'll try not to look myself to leave that. Second of all, I'm truly not focusing anymore on trying to be someone the last person I tried to be genuinely with Breon when he beat me, and I was like, okay, fuck, if I want anyone to be at the one when you look at me, I felt like I had to be Breon, but even then I should be focusing on beating myself. But now at the top, I have this probably impossible vision of my mind for physique that I want to see in pictures and on stage when I have that, then I'll be happy, but I probably want to forget that, but it's more of like a legacy than I really want to build right now, and an internal satisfaction of my previous self that I want to be, so better over myself every single year, something that I'm excited to be, so being miles ahead of people doesn't affect my motivation in any way, nothing to do with it, my goal there a lot more in Trittizik, of being my best self, and knowing how hard I worked in years past and being able to work harder than that this year. And you just grabbed what you felt right before going on stage. So, every year's a little bit different, and this was the first year where I was actually pretty just like calm, getting on stage. I was like backstage, it was in the morning, there was honey was there, and also there, Calvin was there, everyone was backstage, recording with their role, like chillin, so super like laid back and relaxed. And it was a bit of a battle in my mind with my torn bicep channel, like not focused on that, but also be there. But I felt this, like, last year I did too, but I just felt like the champs at the long stage of, like, you know, I've been here, I'm a veteran, bit on this one, be a stage, just go there and fuck shit up, and I just felt confident, and like I was ready to rock in the role. So, it was fun this year not having, like, kind of misdenerves a little bit, so it would be more nervous, I've still got them to do my routine until I ate through routine. But, you know, I was confident this year and it was just fun to get up there. I heard before the show, bodyability hydrates themselves, and when do they start? So, what I've learned in getting in better conditioning over the year and working harder in my prep is that the leaner and better shape you are, the less you need to dehydrate yourself, so to speak. So, you typically cut water and don't get to that, but you don't need to, like, a lot of people like, oh, I want to take a diet ready to come in and look better. If I cut water, then I'm going to look like I'm in shape. Like, if you're in shape, even drinking water all day, you're going to look like, and you're going to wake up every morning, just naturally dry because you pee throughout the night and you're not drinking water. The less body fat you have, the less water you go down to. But, with that being said, I cut water Friday afternoon. I reduced it. I think I had, like, a leader Friday afternoon for the rest of the day, so I wasn't, like, that thing. And then I had, like, a leader probably all Saturday before the, until after the night show. So, not like I have zero water, but I'm just, like, restricting it a little bit, but you only do it for, that was 36 hours. I was restricting it, but you're not cutting it fully. If you're in shape. So, nothing drastic at all. Children's question just a lie for you, but, said, do you think about competing in the 212 category one day? I don't think people understand that 240 pounds on stage. And 212 means you're 212 pounds or less. So, I would have to lose 28 pounds just to make it in that class. I would not look good in the 20 minutes. My first show ever, I was, like, 211. I don't think I'm going to be 212. So, no, not good to talk. What did you do the night before the show? The night before the show, typically, he ends competing and Melissa and Courtney will go watch the night show. And with he competing the night before. So, I'll be alone in the hotel room, just like, children. Last year, I made up my whole routine in an hour alone in the, in the, in the, in the, in the, in the, in the, in the, in the, in the, in the, in the, in the, in the, in the, in the, and that's, I was just like, listening to my music playing that. But honestly, this year, I would just watch, I think watching Wolverine on this, I would just watch you. So, Max Ben, and I just try to be super late back. I'm not on Instagram. I'm not that mean to anything. I'm not even really trying to think too deeply about the show. I was trying to relax. You know, the work is done. I've enjoyed it. And I'm just kind of trying to get my mind out of things. I go to bed super early because I wake up at 5 a.m. every day. I'll be showed it. And I'm just trying to go to bed. But I also used to have like a burger and fries and I before shows. I'm like really few love. But it's really inconsistent with everybody that, typically, I just have a decent size meal this year. I think I just had like 400 grams of rice and 100 grams of steak, full of meat milk, with delicious. But eat that with the better early and have a good bat. But that's a great day for the show. How did you handle it when things weren't going exactly how you wanted to? I think this is that thing that we're going to get to my bicep. And this is something I spoke about in the video my history. And but it was just a battle that I had to go through. And I had to kind of, I've been through a lot of shit going into a little bit. And I just had to kind of remember like the mindset of established how many times I've done this before and how capable I am to take things that are coming into my life and build that focus on what's my control. What's on my control. I was not in my control of what I could do my bicep. I couldn't heal it. I couldn't bring the information down. I can fix it. I didn't even know what was wrong. So I got the point. But what was in my control? But to keep doing, follow in the plan. Get on stage with confidence. Give us some champion mindset and just be the best I could be out there. And that's all my focus with my focus with them. Join the moment and control what I can control. And that's all you can do in life. And when you can kind of take a step back, you feel like anxious, stress, whatever you can just sit in that. Don't try and deny it. Don't try and bury it. Just feel it for a moment if you have a tail. I've just anxious, stress, but what's going on right now? Why am I stressing, but I can even do anything about it. I've torn by a separate now. So like, what can you do right now and do that? And I just kind of have to walk myself through that. Feel the stress, not deny it, just move forward. Approximately how many hours you trained per day. So peak time in the gym, high-end amount of time out of the gym was 45 minutes of cardio, plus 30 minutes of cardio and hour and 15 minutes, but it's too loud. We'll work out. So three hours and 15 minutes of cardio plus training was the most I probably ever did. In the past I've trained for like three hours, but I was bullshitting talking with my friends, the back and the college. But high-est prep was three hours, 15 minutes in the gym. Or do you know? You have self-doubt before stage day, mentally how do you deal with negative thoughts? So I don't really have self-doubt in my ability to win. I think I just put a really high amount of pressure on myself and it increases everything that you're. You can almost see my demeanaged shift of like a little tense because I'm like fuck, this is like pressure on me and then immediately after it would be like, I'm like my shoulder's dropped a little bit. I'm a little bit relax. And that's more stuff like that that I have in myself, like I said, it's just like that pressure of like just like, like fuck ass and perfect fuck ass to do this. I have to be expecting this. And the only way I can deal with that is to try and remove myself from that and take a step back and be like, what are you fucking stressed about right now? Like this isn't helping where you're trying to go right now. And like in my heart I believe that I can win. I have the ability to be, I will never say I'm going to win. I've already won. I won't speak like that because I know that I have no control with the future. I just know I have control in what I know I can do. And I believe in myself to win. So when I kind of remember that that's already inside me and I already done this four times now. I kind of can tell myself relax a little bit. But usually when you get caught up in those feelings of doubt if you're having them or pressure or stress, all it, you just need to do is just like, look at them as like you're like an outside perspective looking down yourself or moving yourself from a little bit and just like realize that's just fucking thoughts in your brain. So it should look good. Should there be a limit on competitors at the Olympia? 1590 in classic was a lot dot dot dot. I agree with it. I think there should be a cap amount of people 15 to 20 people that you wouldn't be a max. And the Macym Harsh, the cutting 40 people out, but I also think the 40 people will eventually make it to the Olympia and when they do, it'll be a lot more rewarding. The harder it is to achieve something, the more rewarding the more prestigious it is. And you'll look at the most prestigious show in the world. So I think the less people that go to it, the even more procedural attitude. Now I still have to pay for the people coming out. So I'm visiting why I think it would help the Olympia and it would add to the prestigious show. And it would be a lot easier time-wise, so rather. If they were going on, so I'm midnight one a.m. a few for a few parts of the show. And that's because there's so many people on the stage. So there's a lot of things that they'll help them out with most people. But there's a lot of shows in the year, so I don't really know how they'd manage that. It's your favorite pose. This is a dab to down. My favorite pose, when I was young, I had a tight waist. And big ass lats with the front-lats, scrims. So one of my favorite poses sadly is not a mandatory pose. But I always hit it my free posing. My favorite pose is here with the F1 side chest, which is cool because I used to be kind of thin from the side, but as I've got more muscle mass, from the side, I have a ham-through job and a little bit thicker chest. And it's hard to look big from the side and your tall. But now that I do, side chest and I do the pose. During prep, you set short term goals in conjunction to the Olympia, or do you see some more narrow focus? I definitely do both. I have a narrow focus where I know at the end of the day, my ultimate driving factor is winning the Olympia, like a huge, intrinsic motivation in terms of what I'm having in bad day or shitty day. Overall, I know I'm still fucking good at doing whatever I have to do. But with that being said, I also do have short term goals within the literal day, where I wake up and am I only thought is to wake up and get the breakfast sometimes. So it's a car right, what do I do? I gotta get through a car to your right now, and then I get to your breakfast. And then that's my only focus. I'm not like fuck ass, I do cardio for six, seven, eight, nine more weeks. I'm not thinking about how much we know we think I do cardio, I'm thinking about my one cardio session, and that's it. I'm thinking about getting my next meal, eating this meal, getting this workout done. At the end when I'm exhausted and I have to just do legs later in the day, I'm like, okay, just do legs later in the day. My only focus, and the short term goals kind of keep me going. I also have some goals, like, oh, I want to get under 250 by like four weeks at it, and they want to be under 250 pounds. And then I'm kind of pushing towards that, and I get there and it's like, all right, now I want to make weight by a weekend. And there's little things, but definitely think those help you keep on track, and kind of stay driven and focus on something when, like a six-week prep, you kind of see matter each other, so you can. In prep, how important is it to surround yourself with positive people? I think the higher you get higher level, you get anything in life, the people around you are fucking so important, and it's so hard to even notice because they sit pace at your side of the crucial role. But this year, especially, I think one of the things I appreciate and value to most of was the circle of people I had around me. It literally felt like a fucking army of people came to help support me, and it was just like, I can't expect how much it helped. It took my mind off having to think of things. Calvin's got the camera, carries his content, and just like kind of sat in me there. Honies fucking taking on all the stress telling me if they do. According to the signal, I was stressed kicking everything. Maddie's been my body, you know what I'm fucking getting everyone's tickets. I'm taking a plane, I'm taking a picture, we gotta go everywhere. It's security at the Olympia, walking me through, so I can get through to the tactic. And there were just so many little things that people that came together that helped me, just like, not have to even think about anything other than competing. And just that helped so much. And also just a thought of not having someone bitching about it. I was a fucking child, I was a little baby, everyone's in care of me, and no one bitch about it, and normally, and I do feel guilty about that stuff, but no one made me feel more guilty than I needed to for it. So people surrounding yourself as a person, people as a fucking everything. If you're trying to be the best in the world, there's something, you have some negative people in your fucking faith. You're going to cut them the fuck out, because they're only going to bring you down, and you can't have that kind of energy. Unless you want to be second. Or fourth or fifth, but, you know, I have my third look trying to wait, so people will get me. What did you do in off days before the Olympia? So at the beginning of prep, off days I would always try to come into the office, come in and work, and just like, distract myself for the longest part of the day. And then I'd go home, now it's sauna, hold up, go to bed, separately, and just distract myself. By the end, I was usually at the even drive all the way out here, for the warehouse, so I was gaming for a little bit. I certainly got a war ragnar off, which I didn't finish, and now I probably never will, because I'm not a prep at the end of the game. But I was gaming a little bit. I would sauna, hold up every single day off. I used to do that a lot more, but then I started over doing it. In my off day, it's drinking, it'll be a prep. I would do cardio, go grocery store if I had to, and even the kill time really, but this year, I was at a peaceful state, but I was also really fucking tired. And I think I could have literally laid down on my couch and stared at the wall for like two hours, and been like good, because my brain was so dead. And I almost put you in a meditative state, because you're so little, tellin' tired, so just kinda chill out. You get called automatically every year at the Olympia, or you have to take tests. This is a qualifying question. So those that don't know, when you win the Olympia, your swallfight for life. So I never have to do a show ever. I could at 80 years old come back and do the Olympia, if I really wanted to, grant the C-bomb and the Olympia. But others in that, you have to win a show to qualify, or be top three, yeah, I think. So I think top three, recall all of the fights for one year, and then everyone else has to go win a show. So say you go to the New York crowd, Arnold Pro, whatever you win that, you get to go there, that year. So everybody about me, I guess, has to recall of that. Was it a difficult adjustment transitioning into FSD7 training? So I don't think people understand, but honey does FSD7 created FSD7, but he's not all he does. I don't think barely even used it. He used it a little bit at the beginning, and I think in my last season, we'll utilize a little bit more volume, so I don't have to do it in a shy way. You can't enter myself, especially now that I have enough muscle mass. But throughout prep, we use it a few times when I had an unslued in me, but for the most part, he was training adapted, or just a very similar to how I trained. It was keeping things heavy, kind of volume at a consistent pace, and just kind of moving weight and good form really. So the biggest thing he changed was that it's pieces of my form and my tempo, so I can kind of rush things a little bit, and so I'm going to have my tempo really helped me a lot this year. Other than that, we weren't really doing a whole lot of FSD7, so it wasn't a big transition, and when I added it in, I'm used to doing a lot of volume in 10 to 5 years. So for me, it was nothing. Money to you. 50,000 dollars for winning, well yeah. What I got. Which was the most important part to you. Diet mindset for training. So I think this is interesting because when I started competing, I think diet, I thought diet was the most important part. I would like diet, the the only change I made that I made all the change. And then when diet was down, I realized that there was so much more untapped potential into my training, and when I really understood how to train effectively, rest properly, train to failure, and balance full intensity with resting, and actually proper training, like people don't understand what the fuck that is, and how intense it can be. I've my physical skyrocketed once again in a one-two new level, and then when I won the Olympia, and the diet in training was kind of down, the hardest part in the most important part that I had to learn with my mindset. I had to learn how to keep myself motivated, I learned how to handle the pressure, and how to avoid the critics, even the ball the positive bullshit that I hear, not letting that get to my head. I took kind of a doubt my mindset to keep myself motivated and just to put into the other champion and kind of come back back. People don't understand the pressure it takes to win back to back to back to back to back to title. Normally people climb up, reach a critical success, and then follow up because it's hard to hold it. So I would say throughout my career, they've been important, but as it's the most recently because of diet and training, they've already been very good, and I'm still working on it, but mindset has been a huge focus of mine. You kind of a priority on increasing. Whether you're training affected while you were a couple days out from the show, fuck yes. My training starting at like three weeks out started to kind of really decline, and by a week out, I was so depleted, so hungry, so tired. I was literally just dragging ass against the gym. I literally didn't want to work out. I look forward to rest days, which is so rare for me, and literally just wanted to rest because I don't know the gym was so difficult. And of course it was affected then. My body just doesn't have the energy, I don't have the glycogen source, I don't have the strength, or anything to really push the girl work out. So the last week was very affected very weak. You guys saw the show, they video with her peak week videos. I was just like, dieting in the gym, so, just one of this. Why don't you participate in the Arnold Classic? So, as I said, because I won the Olympic, I qualify for life, and I think that puts me in a huge advantage, because I can then take three months off to really give my body a break, recover and relax, and then I can get into my ass, even slowly, ease into it, and make the changes and growth that I need to, and then I can set prep, and I don't have to worry about other shows in between. And that allows me to give me an advantage, because I get more time in the year and between shows. Arnold Classic is always six months, until the Olympic is six months, post Olympia, you show it every six months, so that would literally give me a month to recover, a month off season, and then I'd be into a three month prep, and I would just be like, kind of in that cycle super quick, with no downtime, and I really want my body to stay young, rested and youthful, because I don't want to start to look old, and tired, and beat up, and injured on stage. All I want to do is win Olympia, so that's the legacy of the show in the middle of the year. So, Arnold is not my priority. How does it feel when it's only you and the other person standing in your way of being four times Mr Olympia? That's funny, I never, I read in that question, never thought of someone standing in my way of winning Olympia. When we're in that top two, I'm just thinking about, I'm just thinking about getting the metal around my neck and home that trophy. But in the moment of waiting there, some of my fucking favorite moments of my entire life is standing. All the Olympia stage here in Bob Chickerrell is always kind of leading up to that point. I can see, often see my family this year, it was a stage I can see them, but I could see honey down there just looking at me, like, you've been talking about this man. And just like, the world just kind of blocks out, go silent, and you're in this like calm, extremely focused, just like present moment, and just very present with the best way to explain it. And it's just, it's hard to explain what it feels like unless you're there, but it's just like a peaceful, blessed. If you can imagine what it feels like to have been for a second, that's kind of what I would say it feels like. So it's definitely a beautiful moment to moment they cherish forever. And it's just feeling I have even before they have been announced so whenever, just like, all this work you put in, everything you did it you brought here, you're fucking did it. We'll take that pressure and that stress off you for a moment and just like enjoy this moment right here. So it's a very peaceful state and something that I love and experience every year. So yeah, the good time. How do you explain it, words of? Alright, that's gonna be wrap on this Olympia Focus Q&A. If you'd like to video, please like the video, remember to subscribe. If you have more questions from them below, if you'd like to style a video, I can tell me if you want more Q&A. Whatever you guys tell me, come back, we're ready to rock the roll, 9th, we're just gonna be both, you know content. So let me know what you guys want below. Remember to please subscribe, if you like the video, please subscribe. Have a good time, and I'll see you in the next video.