You put his face forward and you're lifting it up. No matter if it's that 50,000 dollars in the title. That's the 50,000 dollars. You're looking at the score, please. Do one more winner. Every year brings new challenges. This year certainly hasn't been short of them. I tossed him turn at night, stuck in my thoughts, staring at the ceiling, asking myself, why am I doing this? Does any of this even worth it? If it feels like every time I get into a good groove, everything falls apart. Every year I've been tested, why did I think this year would be different? I've worked hard over the years to be more present and enjoy this beautiful journey I'm on. But this year is testing me. Extreme life changes, living in fear, health scares, injuries, personal stress, more and more responsibilities. It's funny. The more difficult your goals become, the more challenges life throws at you. When you need focus the most, it's hard as to get. I started my bodybuilding career without a care in the world, just an impossible goal I was chasing. Now that I've achieved that goal, it feels even harder to hold on to. What was once impossible is now expected of me. What was once a dream is now crushing weight on my shoulders. But I lie here wonder, who might have feel sorry for myself? I've been not worked hard every day to earn these pressures. Has life not tested me again and again to prepare me for this? The choice is mine. I'll either get back to work or I quit. I never wanted an easy life. I wanted the strength to earn a life worth living. I've built that strength these past 10 years. The strength to lift his weight of my shoulders. Better yet, I have loved ones who will help me lift that weight. I might doubt myself at times, but I know I have an army behind me of people who believe in me. I've never experienced a job. I will not let them down. It's time I take a look in the mirror, slow the fuck down. I've long surpassed what was just a dream in the years ago. I need to broaden my view. Stop focusing on what's going wrong. Focus on what I can make great. Focus on what matters most to me. Not the expectations of others. Focus on my effort, not the result. My integrity, the people I love. And remember, I love this shit. Enjoy the damn process. One, two, three, four Olympia titles felt hard. Welcome to level five. You're going to earn this shit. Is your choice to enjoy it or drown in it? I hate losing, but I will not become a product of circumstance. I will not let an outcome dictate my happiness. When my time is up, the trophies on my shelves will be but a reminder that I had a goal. And I can honestly tell myself, I did everything in my power to achieve that goal. I worked hard to become a better man than I did. I did everything in my power to achieve that goal. I worked hard to become a better man, like I did. I did everything in my power to achieve that goal. I worked hard to become a better man along the way. I built relationships with Sheriff's Revere. I enjoyed the damn journey. And I never fucking quit.