I Branch Made & motion I tried to train a bit early and belly feels full which honestly is kinda nice, because it's normally fucking empty all the time. I've been going a bit hungry, we get up in the late hungry, but it's a good thing because getting shredded, slowly moving forward every day. And yeah, feeling good. So I've been in a good structure lately if I actually sleeping, we've been bedded at nine o'clock last night and I woke up at like eight, which is fucking absurd. I was up a lot during the night, but it's still a long time for me in bed. Thanks guys, turn it down. But yeah, it's just a day. So it's a good day, Calvin's back in town. We had a cool little outing with GBRS which a bunch of contents gonna come out on our YouTube podcast and everything I'm talking to you guys about already. So that's coming as soon. But we're back in action now. Axel's also coming to town this week, which I'm pumped about. If you ever remember, Axel from 2020, one of the go-to Olympias that I did. The COVID Olympia, my training partner, one of my best friends from back in Ottawa. So he's coming down the chair with me for a bit and visit Florida. So he should be your Thursday, four days, so we're seeing a bit of him. But until then, it's just day. I've been using this multi-function, that camera was called machine cable, but I'm switching it up to the good old life that is packed that great. Now this is the exact same thing as from Canada that was in good life. Growing up my whole life. So throwing that on there, I've maxed it out. So I'm gonna be busted out of the gym pin. I just found it male gym bag, luckily I didn't even know I had it. So I'm gonna pull like a 25, maybe on it. It's starting to really warm up my pack get a good contraction and then move on to some pressing. So, for a start with. The shit I do for you. The shitty music I listen to for you guys. You guys can listen to the fans. I know you all are complaining about the fans. I have to listen to bullshit music, so we all losing. I'm still pretty lay, I'll see if I can put another 25 on the gym pin without breaking the machine. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Yeah, that actually fell heavy. So for a several long time, a pack deck felt that heavy, so God bless the gym pin. Oh, I got it, it's still heavy. Damn, motherfucker. Oh, shit, that's 25 weight a lot less than I thought. That's a real job, sir. Oh, maybe I'm just tired. Yeah. Yeah. Go off. Good enough for that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, shit. I'm starting to feel that just like, it's this transition, right? I'm just like, full right now because I'm eating okay enough. And I've been eating so much more sodium than I normally do, but I feel like empty, like, physically. Trying to lift heavy weight right now. It takes me like, like before calms down, it's filming. I was doing fucking band-shit rude doubts, pull down, fucking push-ups, everything just like, it did some stairs. Just get my heart going, can I have so tired? My body, my heart rate drops down like 55-60 and it's just so hard to get it up to get my energy going. So fucking picking up weights right now, just like part of the battle, just waking myself up empty already for a heavy set, like each fucking temp on increment feels like it's getting 40 pounds heavier, but I still got some strength in me, so this is the time where you've got to go. This is more mentally, you feel like you're stuck dry and you should be weaker. And everyone's like, I should be weaker, I'm depleted. So they start cutting back their weight, do a more volume, and that's when you start to lose size. And this is where mentally you have to battle through that bullshit. And still actually lift heavy weight, so force yourself to get up to the heavier weights. So you keep that muscle math even throughout your prep. Too many people cut it down just because they feel tired. None of that bullshit here. You know the prime example, when I did the one tense, it literally felt heavier than you in the 140s. And if I let that get my head about, fuck, I'm weak today, I'm going to do the 120s. Make sure I get enough breath, but I'm like fuck that. I'm going to keep going until I get the 140s. By then, suck it up a little bit, put your whole bit, think you're got 10 reps there. So perfect. You're going to break my foot there. Damn. I'm going to break my foot there. Whew. It feels really good. It's a brand new machine. Literally, this is one of the pure muscle and helped me build this gym and they're starting to line with the metal fabricator and the machine fabricator. And this is one of the pure iron pieces. We got the swing squat, a new hip press, and now this incline converging press. Like I told you the reason I like this one, and the problem with a lot of the new machines is they like press out or straight. When the point of the pack that's come across the body, bring the elbow across the body. And it's actually like the pressing movement is like incline and in a little bit. I feel really good. I know I just didn't clean, but incline is the goat. So I'm going to try this new machine out. This thing is fucking heavy, but beauty thing is I completely forgot. They were telling me about this when they made it. This little lever right here makes it unilateral or bilateral. So if you have like a stronger shoulder, stronger pecked in the other little lopsided it. And it forces you to push on something with a barbell. And it takes over. On this one you can make it unilateral, just like a fucking dumbbell. And that way you actually have full control in each arm. So you're not favoring one over the other with the weight. So probably we'll all week or like that, but I'm going to try it like that because symmetry, you know. I really like that machine. One of the best inclines I've ever used. It forces you to up and in. I really feel that squeeze in my upper inner pecked. Feels good. Alright, get him move on. Some flies start. Let's fly, do flies in the middle. Do lots of flies. But I'm going to superset these machines. Why the fuck not? I don't know what weight I'm going to do. I think I'm going to start with this one because it's one's really hard to get into without a partner. You need to like wedge yourself in. And then this one you can pop in easier. So typically do 110 on here. So I'm going to put it to like 90. And then I don't know what to fuck to do on this one. There's no numbers on the set of the machine. So I can never remember. Or a bat. Probably right there. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. Oh shit. Okay, that was too heavy. First set was good. Fifth one is too heavy. So I'm going to drop it down a bit. I want to be able to actually like contract on the superset of this on the second set here. Like focus on really squeezing my chest tight. That's so heavy. I'll really just get in the stretch part of the motion. So I'm going to drop it. Try that again. I'm going to drop it. Fuck you microphone. Ah. Ecline. The lot of incline today. It didn't clean his life. Like I'm using decline. I use that. I do dips. Like body weight dips at the very end. Or this specific decline machine could mostly climb the machine hurt my shoulder, but this one doesn't. So I'm moving a neutral grip. Just to kind of hit the peck from a different angle. Keep my elbows locked and close to my body. Slightly flared just from my last squeeze down. And it's probably going to last pressing movement. Probably last main chest movement. I'll do like a little stretch. I'm going to try to lift the hips down. Maybe open it my chest and then probably call it a day. Maybe use the abs. Oh wow Think I only normally do three plates without fucking heavy, but it's like eight so I'm gonna do a top set drop set down ah Alright, this is the chance to finish here today. The flies are meant to be like a perfect fly. Obviously, I'm kind of like just trying to finish the wrap. There's no tension on a dumbbell at the top of our wraps where you want the most queues you lose it on a dumbbell, but that's why I'm just doing them at the end just to focus on the stretch. Just trying to open my pecks up and get like a awaited contraction in a stretch. She can be better posture, stand up straight, the shoulders back. And yeah, and then I'm just going to burn out with some push-ups at the end here, just to kind of really fatigue the chest and call it a day. So finish it up with this. OK. Take yourania back up your assignment. My rap? Back at the trigger game. I think last time, I said just like that, about looking forward the chagrin, not in prep and here we are deeper in prep, chagrin. So I still have to just ration myself about what I can eat. But still nice to enjoy your food, because my last meal is nothing but salmon or steak. So myes will have a taste of the dishes. So Calvin's back in action and fucking busting out the chagrin. We leave it at my back here because I don't know. I get to torture this mouth. And now the benefit of eating much of them won't. So we're going down some sticks. We need some tea going, some feles and some salmon. Fuck it up. All right, can I? I don't know how that actually is for you. But I got hit with a wall and I'm tired now. 9, 23, 7 minutes away from my bedtime. So for that being said, I still love you stir, bun-n-we, hair-dement. We still have many things like labor. Thank you for coming to see me to someAM.