Well, Bums in the my cabin this morning, I was like walking along and I went like right in whatever the fuck this little thing is I'm comparing it now it's a bruised I'm injured This is the kind of shit I'm talking about right I'm doing it in the right now and I'm injured people make fun of me that I made it in glass I literally broke my toe with the fucking blanket on the ground I chipped over and stepped on my toe and it went black and purple I can step on it for a week It's just my life so I got to grab myself and bubble around What am I protective helmet? Can I kill myself and then I can fucking five weeks? What is up YouTube? I'm a training partner Puts in the doggo here today At the bringing over here having a panic attack on the car because she thinks she's going to the vet But just bringing her to the good old gym She loves it here, but as you get so fucking hot we have to lock her up in the air conditioned spot But they throw it to get over her. She got a fucked up little arm She's going to walk on my tail and shit so she likes the rubber flooring Yeah, it's a nice little getaway for the wet but on tour we're doing here today training chats today Good old bum lifting club Um, that's all it's going on It's Saturday it's early in the normal training a little bit but I've been having a trainer earlier in the day because Post like three four PM I got fucking no energy talk to not here by like one or two I'm fucked so If he hits a chest today, I'm not going to create a heavy Shandar really control everything so move good weight A focusy on controlling the traction so turn off some cables warm up and get going You Just to give that instead up these cables however the fucker won't hide with whatever I've ever really joined putting them in the middle of like Cross fly and then I start with the press Hit my shoulder so it will fucked up if I go like heavy to failure on a fly so I like to some depth of earth So I'll go right before failure and then I break it in a bull super close to body and I press I'm gonna finish up my pack there and it's got like no tension on my shoulders so Good way to get a stretch and I should finish this set so I You They're lucky I like you are normally in here fucking blasting old school M&M or something better than Epidemic sounds for this copyright bullshit YouTube music but it is what it is You guys were like called me a psychopath training with no music and I'm like I can't play music on YouTube So Comey psychopath but you guys would have different YouTube videos without it But I'm gonna move on to some dumbbell press. I went up to the one 50s last week So good. I got like either nine or something I'm not gonna go that heavy today because like I said I'm really trying to have really good My most connection right now and I'm getting leaner a little bit drier I bought it's getting tighter Especially my chest really tight. I just had Dr. Marlin Works for my whole chest yesterday so I don't want to like fucking the apps. I'm gonna do like 140s You're trolling a bit more still trying to get like eight to nine reps and then Go back up to that so You Bums into my fucking Cabin this morning. I was like walking along and when like right in Whatever the fuck this little thing is under my tricep Fucking hurt now. It's a bruise I'm injured This is the kind of shit I'm talking about where I fucking do anything right now And I'm injured people make fun of me that I made a fucking glass I literally broke my toe with the fucking blanket on the ground. I chipped over Sceptone my toe and it went black and purple like in step on it for a week. It's just my life so I got a fucking wrap myself and bubble around Put in my protective helmet And now I'll kill myself and next fucking five weeks You You You Either I guess really correctly that I was gonna need a nine reps Or put itself limiting belief on myself my body limit me a nine reps, but I got a nine rep Good, I was still super controlled I never wrap even the last one Locked it in just like I wanted It's not really good my Chess was taking over everything arm the chicep stuck it not too activated Exactly what I wanted we try to get the exact same amount of reps with 10 pounds later now My muscular endurance Strength endurance, but it was fucking one call it The start of the decline solve a good amount of strength right now My ability to sustain it's really what yeah was fucking dropping so I'm just gonna keep pushing what I can Trying new things 130 next I do drop that and watch it You You I don't think I've shown this piece on my youtube yet. I'm only a powerful chest out here But we just got this piece in like a few weeks ago I love it because a lot of the new pieces don't have converging They're honestly like self-sip converging non converging But the point of the Tach is to bring the elbow across the body so the direction drive you're gonna a little bit closer My favorite machine is a flex leverage played low to machine. I'd never even heard of this one I think it's not a list which is like the same ship pretty much, but it feels amazing so I'm super happy we got this For crap because the one that we're buying is very similar but it feels weird to Hear muscle literally just but like we gotta find you something today to use a flat press That was a good hurt my shoulder So I'm gonna be moving on to this That's pretty fucking heavy to a mic just replace drop it down just more volume but this is even number three Kid Like Oil She's hard to get in, narrow, but I feel so damn good. This is like the cheat code tech fly. So we didn't do any blind one and this one I think we should do if you set them the flat. It feels like it's sitting a little bit more full. But my chest a little bit less front doubt. Maybe it's going to tighten or whatever. So I'm going to pump out three or four sets of these, get some nice volume in and move on. Also, I never wear fucking this shit anymore, but we have no my boy David laid. I love me some David laid some magic tricks together. Remember the OG YouTube days. You should be magic tricks and she set me so with this club with Jim Shark so try it on. We love and these tight tank tops in this Florida heat just feeling like there's not like sweaty, but moving on you. So we're giving shot. It feels good. It's good to be polite. So we should have David hopefully get him out to the Jim soon and we can get it working. We should have taken a beer and some show me some more magic tricks. He's taking it now, he's taking some here. This shop is so cool. He's having a drink. We can put his drink easily on the grill. So did the deep butter full of spice. He didn't stretch after his Cola Beer. He lifted someone out of the bowl and started the boxing camp. After two Mini Stars for Vietnamese living performances. I gave him a massage. Because they get tired and lazy and I have that much of a beginner. I got a long neck of the long spine. I've been long neck over here like the late before time. So I always get stuck like this and make chest and really tight. I sleep on my side, I'll just fuck. So now I'm gonna finish off my chest. Workouts with some of the last few sets holding in a stretch. So I'm gonna do like dips now, like two sets, body weight. There's one more thing and at the end of each set like that I'm gonna hold it in the stretch. I'm really just trying to make sure at the end of my chest, we'll get my stretch by the chest that's open and wide. It's stretched out rather than a hunched over and tight. So let me try to do that more, stretching more, all the bullshit that. We all know we need to do that we don't do it. So maybe I'll actually do it five weeks and then never do it again till next prep. So I was Calvin pointed out I'm not an idiot doing dips in the middle of the machine. It's just the newer version of the dip attachment with the older squat. I can't talk cage. I was fucked up in the style that you can see by 10 feet tall too. Sadly the bars don't fit the other way so I have to move everything, put them in the middle, trying to smash my face on the middle of the bar. But we're now doing decline pass with the put on a machine over there. We're just at the end of everything with chest work, get a little chryse up a little bit of peck minor and scoop that up there. So this is gonna be probably second life thing. Do a fly stretch and then call it a day, probably with dips and abs, hopefully. I'm not trying to actually do a working set there in just Marlin with Caprax with some struggles to like stretch my peck. A lot of times like I just have muscle that's fucking tight and it's pulling my biceps up where my daltre something. So he said she's going to a really deep stretch with a lighter weight than you normally do like a fly and then just like move through that with a deep stretch and normally you do it because normally if I'm doing flies with like 60 plus or whatever I'm a lot more cautious of how low I'm going because I don't want to hurt myself but if I take 30s, 40s just let it stretch as far as I can and you can track the muscle in that stretch position. I'm actually training that muscle to work in that stretch position rather than just sitting in stretch therefore also helping your mobility even better. Trying to give me a fucking open up a little bit more so we're trying it out. Ryan Terry told me that his best ab exercise hanging leg raises in knee raises. So all I do is hanging leg raises in knee raises maybe my abs will look like Ryan Terry. That's how it works. Very true. I mean ship when you see like all the guys from the 90s that have like the sick abs it would just be hanging to fucking hang leg raises like all the time. Yeah yeah. Mealow swears by him like I think that's the thing. A big lot of him did is because he just looked sick. Yes, he didn't pull her she's like, he's like, yeah like that. Yeah, he's such a good photo. Yeah they look good or it works. Either way you're winning. It's funny like from doing a lot of those I thought my like abs strength was good like doing lots of like rope crunches like machine crunches. The cable rope crunches like like racing stuff. Now I'm trying to do like bodyweight shit. It's like my bodyweight which is lighter but it's like impossible. You know the friend. Yeah like mechanic for everything just blown a lot of the lower work shit that's like on the floor like you just use my bodyweight and so much harder fucking completely different. You go and you like, but men's with you guys who like when they're on stage fucking fully like yeah that's hard for that long. All right it's gonna be wrap on the today's chest day. The little abs did a little stretching on my inversion table and we had to run over to the warehouse which is so far away from my gym it's like in a different city so it sucks. But we had to come over here because Ian had a package ship too. He's even Mario this one chip challenge shift over here because he's a fucking psycho pass and he's gonna eat the world's hottest chip on the weekend and he's not doing it here because I'm not fucking even you know breathe that shit in. This Calvin looked one when we were in Dallas and he should have passed the next day and it was fucking burning but so that's that. But I also had to come over here because we were launching this is kind of the small thing but so school updated Bumbox for mega-fit meals. It's going to make a signature on there switch it up a little bit, a little bit cleaner. I like simplicity so we get the simple. But we're gonna be running a little bit of a promo. They're gonna be launching some new meals. It's gonna be salmon and rice of Apache steak meal which is fucking fire and a new peanut butter and jelly in the Bumbox. So you guys can add some different types of meals there if you want. But when we launched the new box and the new meals and shit inside there we're gonna be giving away the first 150 orders they're gonna get signed signature of a signature thing. Post there whatever the fuck you want to call anything. So I gotta sign fucking all of these. That'll be fun. This is where I signature become the C.B. instead of a C-bomb. Say half the time. Well yeah so that's gonna be wrap on today's video. Oh yeah. I don't know. That's all that's going on. I just checked down a shake. Get it going home. Some food and I'll see you guys in the next video. So peace.