What the fuck man? I didn't have it in me. So you were tiring? Yes. You throw over him. Come on, Chris! Come on, you moron! We come on, let me in, Jim. Come on. Let's go, Jim. You're so sick! It's not really bad. Really? Really? It smells like... You know like that smell? Like there's sweat on like a rubber like mat? Like that's what you smell like. I mean, I think the fuck did Chad move too. You fucking asshole. I could tell a lot of things are here feeling too, but I can hold those in to be nice. I'm trying to make people know what it's like right now. What is up YouTube? They've one of those days where I missed a month or two months of time to have too many appointments and I slept like shit and people are meeting me in the parking line. I'm talking about business when I come to the gym and it's just like, I'm tired of this bullshit today. I kind of like that, so I'm trying to fucking tune it out. If you're who you're like, I'm building my energy back up. Because I was fucking about to fall asleep, but now we go back up. I'm like, I don't have five left, five quad days left until the last day. So I know time the bitch out, I've got to gather my shit. Not be skinny bitch. Don't be so skinny. Put that in my mind. But it's like day four and a half, if I have five and a half weeks, I don't even know anymore, but it's getting close. It's great. I'm turning off the Clarkson Shins, I was on the treadmill walking backwards. Four of them and warm up my knees. That helps me so much. When I start exercising, it just hurt way less. So, if any of you do do that for like five minutes, a little warm up, if you're a blood flow and high-resistant, I'm going to run up the knees and then I come on here. Creek's off a little bit on the quad extension. And then we'll do a few presses. Call it a day. And let's see. I took a lot of bruer ke with a lot of bait out in today. And itching, sweaty. I was cold now, I'm hot. I'm hot. I'm going to take the hoodie off. I'll be a merch coming soon. What was a very subtle ray on black, this paint fit is pretty. I really like subtle monochromatic shit right now. So, that's a pity. Got a good pick that off. This is a shirt, champion mentality, a lot of bigas on the back. Pressure the pretty much. Can't even tell me. She put the mindset together for the final drop before they won't be up. This is a good final drop for a while of things. It's a pretty much a lot after. So, we're doing a cool one hoodie for the crew neck. Here are the t-shirts. Another piece that we've never dropped before. So, I'm pumped about that. We're finally getting it all in today and tomorrow. I'm going to shoot it. So, you guys, I don't know what I'm taking. But the merch shop we were saying. We're shooting it tonight. Shooting it tonight. Yeah. Shooting it tonight. This is a day to the, so you guys will see everything soon. But, yeah. So. I'm here with the people. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. What do you have to say about all the people I think you're going to retire now? I've figured it out. I've figured it out. I've figured it out. I've got a lot to say about that. But I don't know if I can get into it already now. I'm going to start as a random video with that. But it's like, I thought I'd have to. I don't really want to get into it. I couldn't even let the leg work out. So. I don't know what I think actually. I'm saying it's going to be the yellow in the whole time. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. s I started doing these in a much different light position. You threw higher, narrow of wide and move around. But now I've brought my feet a lot lower on the pad. And pretty wide. And it's kind of forces my full back to stay on the pad here before you get a bit of a bit of a bit of a big none here. Fuck my little back when I pushed you hard. That left me keep my back on the pad. And it dropped me onto like a hip press. So I can push from like my upper quad and upper quad here. So I'm kind of building that quad sweep, rather than like getting glue very easily. So I don't know, works for my quad. I'm trying to slow down a little bit at the bottom of the wrap. I've got a bouncing, but I still like the bounces, like jumps. So that's the both worlds. I'm going to get a lot harder. I'm not sure if we're going to be really moving today. Like seven a.m. or just seven a.m. work. I'm going to keep my balance. I'm going to get a lot harder. I'm going to start working out early in the day. Like seven a.m. work. Just. I'm going to keep my balance. I can't keep going. I can't keep going. You're fine. Three go. Two go. I'm going to really like this. I think it's like it's like it's a different thing right now, but they love me to really like, open my hips and go deep. I don't like how I'm trying to do that, but I'm going to keep it a little bit lower on the. Hacks why? I'm going to get it from like, the a great emotion right now. So I'm not like getting tight to spot, especially then like getting leaner and tighter. I'm going to keep like stretching and contracting my muscles fully. Especially my legs keep that like size and you start to get that like separation. Up into my hips and everything. Keep kind of pressed like this, help with that a little bit. So we're doing that. It's a bit too much machine putting plates on and off. Especially when it's not around that's what. It's all part of the game. Burning calories. So probably feel like templates on here and then give her a whirl. We're having a fucking plate there. But I don't think. Oh, I thought it'd be worth it. Committed now. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to go with 10 reps right now. I think my head's been, I got 10 reps. I think he's counting the weights. I thought I got a score. Who did that then? Five. I thought I'd do this one. I'm not going to lie. I've been stretching. And foam rolling. Six out of every day of the week. Six out of seven days a week. I feel so much better. This is the first prep I've done that consistently at this point. And doing shit like this right now. I'm fucking exhausted. But normally I stick my fucking quad. They're still tight. They're going to rip off the bone. So if you're good right now. And I'm getting deeper separation. Earlier out then I normally get my quad. So who would have done that? I've only cut it a thousand times on my channel and heard it a million times. They're stretching it beneficial. And you train hard, but who would have thought it actually can't help? It's really not iron. What the fuck man? I didn't have it in me. I thought you'd have good hip mobility. Otherwise I would have hurt myself. And you have to have a little big lift to camera man who's quick on his feet to come help. Oh, almost a deficit above my dead gas. I don't have to retire yet. Don't worry. I was recording a whole clip too. Did you? Fuck. I just shot that with no clue. This is not happening. My life flash before my eyes. I'm feeling a little bit sadistic. That's the right word. What you're doing when you like to hurt yourself? To just stick or massage messages. It doesn't matter. I felt like getting myself some little gerions now. I thought you just didn't feel like loading anything up with any more questions. I just wanted to say that. But I was just a little bit sadistic. I thought you were just a little bit sadistic. I just wanted to say that. I just wanted to say that. I just wanted to say that. I felt like getting myself some little gerions now. I thought you just didn't feel like loading anything up with any more plates. Too much movement. So dumbbells are dead, Bulgarians. Flash press moving it like that. Then move on to some doctorate. Get some good girls. Get some good girls. All right. Bulgarians completely. Three sets there. Everything else I did to two sets. They were a little bit heavier and more like intense. Bulgarians, because of that, the end of my workout. I can definitely do 140, 115y. It's 120. Three sets, a little bit more volume. And that's it for the heart heavy shit. I'm finishing off a little bit of calves. And the doctor is ringing. I'm going to do a little bit of workout. I'm going to do a little bit more volume. And that's it for the heart heavy shit. I'm finishing off a little bit of calves. And the doctor is ringing out. So they just both make my doctor like pop. How they get leaner. So, you know, I'll bring it over to find details of my legs. I think I should have done a triple away. Special with all the cardio and everything I'm doing. He's like these are very important. That my legs don't just turn into like little quick. They've got to make a weight too. So balancing all that out of the leg. I think they're coming along. My legs look better than they've looked in a few years. So they're excited to see the final product from my stage. So they're excited to see the final product from my stage. You don't have to get that angle. Yep. So. So you're retiring? Yes. You're so over here. I'm done. I'm done. I find it actually very funny. I'm resting now on calves. So how is that? We're flutting on everything in my life forever. Everyone's like, because my mindset is different than most people of my stage. I'm not going to get into what they think it means to win. People think I'm like done. Our last message. I don't care anymore. I've all the other interests and I don't have it in me anymore. But like the true secret to winning. That the all you have to do is win. Doesn't matter if you're fucking Michael Jordan and you. You're covering heads off and think you're better than everyone else. I think people hate that I don't have that mindset of like the typical like a aggressive fucking cocky arrogant winner. And I'm very realistic. And I think I don't like losing the word, but I think in a spiritual way. Not many people in my level are like kind of spiritual in the sense of being like, I truly understand that I have no control. I have any help from. Can't even hear myself in the gym. But I have no control of any outcome. I can control what I work. But you know what I really hard to have no control put in my mind. Probably I'm going to put a muscle, but it's not. It's no matter how hard I do that and die and everything. I have a chance of winning me. If you're not guaranteed to win, I have all of those. I don't really have bodybuilding. I never have a bodybuilding. I don't need anything in my life except fucking like the basic accessories. Doesn't mean I don't love it. Doesn't mean I don't have a fire inside and you'll give it back to me in the world. And the fucking continued to be the best in the world. But because I don't talk like that people are like, oh, he blocks his head. He doesn't want to run away from me anymore. Mother fuck, I guess what I've done three would get mindset. And I used to think I had to act like this tough guy who fucking, I'm depressed, but I want to channel up here. I mean, if everyone's asking all this shit, they wouldn't do I am. Now I just know who I am. I know what drives me. I know what I want. And I'm going to make them more at peace with life. It's funny that now I'm going to compete for a hell of a longer. Because I'm authentically being myself in the way I act. And thinking my own brains grow. And you'll go for ten. Maybe you'll retire before this year's one. Maybe you wouldn't even get on stage. Who the fuck knows? But today's leg day, and I'm going to get some huge caps today. So I mean, I don't know that. And the train heart might not even get big cause probably not. I don't know. Alright, come on, go to go. Because he's a busy man. And he's got a run of shit that we're going to do. So I'm going to meet him there a little bit. I'm going to finish a few more sets of the calves. And I actually have to do stairs now. So RIP to my legs. You do a little bit on the step mill. Stair separate of fucking one call it. I'm going to let him eat and me tell him for the shoot. Are we filming that at all? Yep. That's a bit. So I guess I'll see you guys in like, take watch or clock in an hour. Check for ten things. You're like, not trying to do this like. Oh, oh. So maybe I put your spell on the ground and then you turn it over. Like that thing. So you're going to start. You're finally learning how to use the canvas of action. Yes, I do. Can we get a live physique update? Yeah, for sure. I'll do it in the pool and spread everyone. Exactly what I'm going to do. How's it look? It looks like you're the looks that you're holding a light saber. It's not like a blind date. Like the coach yelling from the sidelines. Angry dad who failed. That's a sport high school quarterback who's yelling at his. Used to bench for a five. Used to back in the day. Back in the day. Back in the day. No. Now I'm nothing. So we are at the official Steven Fitton shoot. Calvin went a little bit overboard and brought like 20 people. I just let him take over. I'm seven or eight. Calvin's a director of a vision now for a photo shoot. So we have a lot of people here. But we actually have like a full crew of men and women. I was the last time. She'll have a woman. I want to see guys in the picture. The right final. Poor guys in the picture. So we have all different types of men and women. And I don't know what the fuck I'm saying. Because they're shooting here. Two in the back yard of Dom's beautiful home. They get a nice whole aesthetic. Sadly, one of the most crucial parts didn't come in. We had pants. We had sweatpants. I don't know why I'm looking at. We had sweatpants coming in. And they got delayed in the UPS. But everyone was here and the shoot was planned. So we went ahead and we're going to have to add those in a little bit after. But we're going to get all this stuff out. And show you guys everything that's coming. I'm wearing the go to church right now. Let me see that. Yeah. This is going to be the best shirt I've ever. Make this to a stick here in a bottle. No hat. Everything. The model to live by don't be a skinny bitch. So stay tuned. We'll show you guys everything in the upcoming.