What is up YouTube? We are just about almost two weeks out the Olympia which is crazy. Time is flying by right now actually kind of scary but yeah it's like it's kind of hamstring back date not really quad day but it's gonna be a good day and I've been making this delicious pre-workout concoction so I'm gonna share that and give you guys a little update what's going on. I'm gonna hit the gym axle still here so we're gonna hit that workout I think he's leaving me in a few days but I told him if he wants to say longer and keep training he's been helping me push a lot so I'm always welcome to push and the positive energy so yeah I got a corny cleaned up this house a little bit and moved everything so I'm gonna have to search for this pre-workout and once that's I'll be right back. Alright so here we go I got a meal ready with me ready to rock and roll putting it eat a whole throw kill but pre-workout this has been what I've been combining lately I've been doing essential pre-blue raspberry with raw pump lemonade flavor and then some pumpscores to just bless her all but this combo makes I mean prep-rated yes I know but this combo makes like a blue raspberry lemonade flavor and it tastes unbelievable and two would make the caffeine right now it's good enough to get me going and then it gives me like fucking tanker and the citrillion good old bunch of bit out and you need to get my face scratching off and some nice focus and everything so great pump good energy good focus and I've been loving the flavor but that's what's going on yeah I also had a high carb day yes today and then it was funny I just was like reflecting on like the way my mind processed and changes so much when I'm really tired I'm like carb depleted my brain like doesn't function and I don't think I don't check my phone just like not doing anything and then yesterday I had a bunch of carbs I had a bunch of energy I went into the office and there are a bunch of like changes were doing but stuff went off a Ross new employee we were interviewing that was coming through out of him down on Sarah at the same time when we were talking to her and just a bunch of stuff going on and then night comes and I'm like my brain is just spinning of everything now I'm like I used to go to bed just so tired so brain dead now my brain just spinning and it just made me think of like processes of my mind how it changes and how at the beginning of my practice here I was stressing about all these like tiny little things that everything was gonna be like fucking falling apart and it was just like a difficult beginning of prep and then it went to like kind of brain dead shut everything out to this and now all the stuff sparring back in and it's like good stuff it's business and it's busy but it's just so fascinating how we get caught in these waves of thoughts and feelings and thinking that there are everything and it's like our reality but it's just our current perception of where we're at in that part of our life or that's whatever it's going on and how quickly they change and the more you can be aware of this change and understand that it comes and then it goes and these thoughts and these feelings that come and they go the ups and downs that come and they go and not getting stuck in it and letting yourself make rash big decisions are just living in that kind of mode is something that's like super helpful and I saw this quote that was a wrote down a while ago and it pulled up on my phone I saw it today it kind of related to that and it says you are going to suffer if you believe that the way things are shouldn't be that the way holy shit my brain cut that Calvin restart you are going to suffer if you believe that the way things are shouldn't be the way that they are and it's essentially just being like things are it things happen as they happen that can't happen either way except it as they are and as they come except it and as they go except it when I was in the mode of like shit was feeling really tough and I was like he was the one to be a prop is like taking too much other than me and now I'm in a great play and I was kind of fighting and I was like he's meant to be shall be doing this ballad on all this like stuff kind of in my head like just kind of doubt and force me to bust out the no equipmentality because I needed it then and now I've been in a really good groove I've been putting my energy and focus on this and I'm like I could do this I feel good right now I could keep going I could go for 10 of these probably not 10 but it's just fascinating how you kind of fight things when they're bad and then when they're good you almost don't remember but they're like when they're bad and you just think it's expected to be good all the time but it will never be good all the time you kind of got to ride through those tough spots understand that one last forever and when you are in a good groove like I am right now choosing to consciously be present and be grateful for where I am at right now because these good streaks don't last forever it's just really important otherwise you just get stuck hopefully on the negative all the time and you feel like life is miserable so that would make cardio or flushing this morning and then party I try not to go on my phone the morning and I just like think and reflect and that's kind of what was going through my head just I felt good when I woke up before I taste the meat as you guys can see I've brought more energy right now too herbs are an amazing thing but I want to show you this good it's actually funny I don't know how much you guys give a shit about my life outside of I don't know what I'm doing but this is some funny shit like I got in the mail I was trying to find like a dope black day boutique surgery and I ordered this and I realized it with a fake account it was like shop MLB.com's of MLB shop.com and I panic like cancel my credit cards that I was gonna get at and this is just like the cheapest like that's what was being embroidered patch and it's just printed on like that and it's just the cheapest shittyest thing from China and at least I didn't get my credit card hack but I ordered this like dope chemo one two and it just came in like gray and just so fake so that was pretty comical in my opinion don't order a shit off fucking fake website that's a cancel like credit card two and you'll be brutal but I also got this back to June from good old Johnny Mac and impossible kicks these guys always make me up a shoes and the one piece coming up so he needs to get a price pair of kicks to get it now big old sneaker headed almost shoes are in surgery now because we are in our rental so already gets up there he's already last low Travis Scott turned one that I did not have so huge tanks who impossible kicks for seven knees up they're an old shoe but they're beautiful and I just loved the lows because I have small ankles and when we're high socks just part of the way my style is and I love the color blue cream blue can't be beat so huge tanks who possible kicks for that maybe rock the hits to the gym today don't know how many color my outfits so I can wear blue shoes but yeah that's what's going on if you guys can hear I got some Assassin's Creed in the background I told you I said it my PS5 is a gym but it wouldn't connect to the internet and I heard that the new Assassin's Creed was apparently like the old one I haven't gained it a really long time so I brought it here and I've been gaming a little bit of Assassin's Creed on the PS5 here and I fell in love with this game for Assassin's Creed 2 in like 2008 or when I was at that came out and since then the game's got kind of two intense and two long and they're like this huge open world games that take like I don't know it would take me 10 years to finish and I just don't have 10 years to play with your game to have three weeks of prep left so I downloaded this one and it's been fun so far and it does great to kill time in between meals so that's a little update on my life with going on right now it is already one o'clock so I'm gonna head to the gym meet Axel, crush him legs and yeah I thought it's going on so peace for my shoulders I actually have to hammer strength press you know what that means one o'clock he said eight 10 reps in reserve zero the joy to fail I just guess exactly that I remember I googled it all right so I introed this video yesterday but then we didn't film so kept the what is up YouTube and played the intro that Calvin already had but uh yesterday was hamstrings it was a nice little workout like it's a nice and sorted a little bit of back too honestly just super fucking grateful that's weathered been so nice it's like 57 60 degrees in the morning and then like 80 during the day and beautiful here instead of like 110 so definitely helping me train a lot but sadly this is Axel's last day here so we're finishing with the good old shoulder workout some of the heat needs to work on his coach says apparently so yeah we're gonna try and get some new shoulders and have a good old day these guys must love the weather again imagine working on cars and fucking doing all that in like 110 degrees so workout in the real skinny I want a tiny spot at the end maybe a little bit of I'll feel my come on chat come on stand a moment come on here you go just feel the reps all help so there you go syra body stand in come on chat come on let's go right there use me come on perfect form good more everything You can do whatever you want. I'll do a single drive. I'll do a single drive. I'll do a single. You can do whatever you want. I'll do a single and I'll kill you. I have to preserve my energy for a press. I'll do so much fucking for me. I come on chat. Perfect form. The breath. Lock it in. Here we go. One. Two. Come on right here. Three. Four. Fill your shoulders. Five. Six. Seven. Eight. There you go. Come on push. Here we go. Come on. And I'll help a little. Get in there. One. Good. Stand a momentum. One. Easy 12. Two. Three. Four. Five. Come on, champ. Six. Seven. Push. Eight. More. Come on. There you go. Everything. Good. Nice. That felt easy. I need to do a feeler. Two reps. Okay. Whatever you got to do, champ. I'm going to work instead. I'm going to work. We'll give him some slack. Oh wow. That felt easy. Five plates? No. That wasn't kind of pretend like it felt like. All right. Come on. Lock it in. Shoulder back. One more. One more. One more. Come on. I'm a weak. How many was that? I don't know. Four and a half. No, that was at least. I helped. I don't know if I'm seeing it. I don't know when you helped. Because I closed my eyes. Now, come on. Easy. Come on. Good. Good. More. Good. Good. Good, more, good, more, focus. There you go. Come on, come on, come on, good. Oh my god. That was good. That 12? Yes, couldn't count that. Yeah, that was. That was a little bit more than 12. And that was impressive. More, come on. Good, now we're talking. Let's go. Good. Good. Wow. Impressive. Yes, sir. Gonna have some great dials on stage. Hopefully. Yeah, the best ever. Perfect, that was really good. There you go. Come on, chap. Nice. Right in here. Beautiful. Come on, and strong. Here you go, come on, power. Everything. Wow. I feel like a lot of reps. Yeah, found two of the jump in. Come on, come on, chap. Yeah. I can count. Good, more. Right here. Good. And strong, and strong. Good. Yes. Barely use a jump in anymore, but I can save you my life on this tactic. Because this is the best tactic, the good little life fitness, but it's too light. So, thanks, Jimpins. They said me one in the mail, I didn't even know how they got my address. It was just in the mail, it was my name on it. And, keep in handy. Oh, shit's gonna have you. Come on, chap. Power. Nice. There you go. Woo. Everything got crisp. Perfect. Okay, lock it in. There you go. Good. That was good. Woo. Yeah. Yeah, I like it better, but I'm fried. What? I'm fried. Oh, yeah, you can't go heavy on this. Yeah. Come on, chap. Good. Come on, chap. Let's go. Good, fitness strong. Beautiful. Come on. Last press of this shoulder workout. Good. Fill the shoulder stress. Right in here. Come on. Make a count. Oh. That was good. Yeah. Yeah. Come on. Make a count. Come on, chap. Six. Power. And it's strong, Chris. More. There you go. Good. Good. Got heavy quick, eh? My left arm was like pulling different in the right one. Come on, chap. Perfect form. There you go. More. More. Good. Push my arms like that. Come on. Push. It's hard to walk. Plastic. We went one set of this. It's one of the Tom Plats guests. I mean, you're close. All right. I mean, my fancy little share right now. I feel so elegant with my legs crossing this chair. But me and Calvin are just filming some YouTube shorts. A little bit of a Q&A. Those are going to be going up on YouTube. Sorry. I'm going to be going up on YouTube in the YouTube shorts section. Maybe they'd like 19 questions or something. Enough to get us every day up to the one. If you have to leave us a plan, maybe one after. But yeah, that's what's going on. We just finished up a back workout. Eat some fish and rice. Kim rate over here. And film that. And then sadly, oxles heading in a town tonight. So maybe we're going to have some steak and a spare guess for something tonight. Take a bite. But it's been really good having him working out with him. It reminds me of like the good old bullshit days of just fucking getting the gym fucking shit up. You know, he's not. He's just a good positive dude and one of my best friends and Transired strong and he's not really involved in any of the business stuff we have going on. So I can like separate the two and go into bodybuilder mode and it's just really nice to have that. Like I talked about before, just like this simple bodybuilding sometimes is just going in. Fucking up a workout eating your chicken rice. Taking an app. It's just definitely to get too complicated. You just got to fuck shit up and enjoy it. So it was really good to train with them. It kind of put me in a great mindset and at three weeks out was kind of my last week of pushing heavy weight and heavy workouts. So I started to delete really hard and just trying to get through it. So it's perfect timing. And yeah, that's all it's going on. So peace out. We'll catch you guys later. Thanks for watching.