All right here with the new classic LLB team, who is two times lancing to the B and champ Chris Bumstein. Here by three times I'll let the champion Chris Bumstein Chris get into the end buddy. Four times I'll let the champion Chris. Four times here we are Chris. Talk about it last year we talked about it this year we've done many many interviews throughout the entire series of the striker five is finally done by Fred five time on the B and champ you folks. I was gonna sell brother. Yeah, I think we'll die if we. It's hard to say sweeter than their old special but this one really really special there. Anyone close to me knows how special this one is. You know, I'll get that out of the way. The lot they went into the last few years we completely honest. Some physical girls but it's been a lot of mental emotional girls. I know not only one who faces some trial and tribulation, nobody believes given me so much. It's a road full of ups and downs as of the every single life. I was learning to really enjoy the moment and the journey you guys have been into. A lot of people don't have the opportunity to enjoy the moments so they look back and be like they're going to go through and they're like, that was like I wish I'd been a little more present and draw that over. I think this year I wanted to add to my champion mentality concept and it told myself that I wasn't going to nominate my emotions, suppress everything I felt you still wouldn't know. I'd rather experience this whole process and do that. Life really tested me when I said that. I just share this because I want people to know that life's up and down. It's going to have you know quit but not giving up on yourself. I feel leaning on the people you love enjoying the goddamn journey. 3. We'll get a little closer. We'll be the burger. I just need to try to find out what time they get on stage. Andrew. And... Salt calculation. On the crack scale. That's good. Yeah. And just burger or whatever. Here comes the burger. Okay, so 7.45. That's a pretty bad one. A lot of things. You can do that. You know, backstage. Great. Don't keep it. Can you lift it? What? Great. This is different. It's very quiet. I just can't go to turn off the food. Everything's pillow. You don't get it. Perfect. Sweet. Okay. Nice. You got me. There's one in here. I have it. Just like watching a drink these things. Yeah. It's right. Refresh. You're going to be showing it. Hold on. There you go. Ready to go. Ready to go. You're going to bring out the spin. I'm going to bring all the food burgers. You're going to push it. Yep. You good? You're not going to. Yeah. And your suit. Good. Good. Excuse me. Please. I'm over in the page. Good. To all figure out what's up. Yeah. Good. Just put a check in here. Check out the places. John, off. Yeah. Check out the gear. Okay, guys. I'm going to do it up. Love you. Bye. I'll see you tonight. Okay. I'm going to look at you. You're going to be driving out. I can hear a bit of thank you. I'm just going to put that on. You're going to go in pretty good again. You're going to go in. Go in. Go out. Go out. Go out. Go in. Go. Go out. Go. Go out. Go out. Go out. Go. Go. Go. Come on, get in there. There you go. Everything. Good. Nice. You know there's a lot of change from the aspect. When you first met him to now. Yeah, his mindset completely changed. You saw that he became more mature in terms of knowing that he is the champ and that he has to do what the champ has to do. So everything changed at this point. The second, he won the Olympia. Then people who are unsure that he was actually the winner. So he had something to prove and then he understood that he is the champ. Chris at its best. He's the best in the world and he understood that the mindset has to come with that and he started grow mentally. His physique just went along and that was really inspiring to watch us somebody going from you know Ottawa little place going from being just a normal guy to Mr. Olympia. Still being a normal guy just has humble as it gets. Have a lot of humility and just rose with that and without changing who he actually is in the circle. Beautiful. Every time we get on prep or training together the goal is to be mindful. You have to be present with me or I don't want to train with you. So Chris had to be present in every workout. And if you're present we are only in a gym, only you and me and the weights. If he's good we're here we're now so life is amazing. Just focus on me, focus on your set. And that's what everything just happened. Every time we trained together it was just locked in. It's not in his mind, he's in the present state and that's what really changed. And you know now he's just he's doing that without the gym and you can see that he's growing as a person and 24 seven now. Really bad. See you tonight. Another battle. Are you? What's your intimate step? I don't know where I am. I'm going to keep that to your ground. That's fine. I'm going to do it. See you tonight. What? I'm going to do it. What? I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. Which is better. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. Oh, I wrote this whole fucking thing and you put some new touch on the back. I can't even do it. Maybe get in your hand? Got it. Go get the best ones you have. I want to help you. Don't иде yourself. Maybe get behind the door. From Tuesday. Going to hell. Ive thought that the woman went. There's it. I have deeper point of view,points and roads are all in between. I almost want to work with honey just to find out what to talk to itself with the potatoes. I don't know what to do with the potatoes. I don't know. Is it one day maybe when we're all the type of secret about them? I got sure of it. There's literally a problem. I mean, there's a secret now. I'll make that maybe. I'll make it up by the way. This is just my grave as you may know. There's not. There's not. Sorry, cold murder it is. There was no water. Oh, we got ice chips. All he wants is water. He said fucking food. Yeah, like so hungry, I'll prep. And all cravings are deleted from eating 15 pounds of potatoes. And like, well, I enjoy burger. I'm like, okay, we'll eat a cold, hard burger. But nothing on it. I'm like, sorry. You can't miss my steams. I think over the years, the biggest thing I've ever eaten. I think over the years, the biggest thing I've seen him do is the ability to stay really present and really grounded throughout hardship. Because it seems like every year there has been something that's happened, whether he's torn his hamstring, torn his bicep, torn his lat, family, you know, personal relationship shit. Just a bunch of things. And this year, even like, ah, she was a 10 weeks out, nine, even when he tore his lat, of course he's human. He had his moment of being like, fuck, what am I going to do? I tore my lat, like, how I came and trained with a torn lat. And he was able to not not focus on that and keep pushing forward and persevering. And it was, it wasn't like fake. It wasn't like, oh, fake until you make it. I'm just going to keep trying to put a smile on and enjoy this. Like, he felt, he felt his pain physically emotionally, but he was still able to be like, I'm going to do this head down. So he was very present, even during the pain. It made it like, it made his journey, I feel so much more special and being able to soak up all the good, all the bad, everything. Oh, yeah, oh my god, you look like those faggabs are so hard. She's this. Yeah. Your chest looks full, I too. Yeah. Yeah, hold that, just don't drink water. It looks like you're not drinkin' water. Okay. I just want to sit down. I'm going to go. I'm going down. Now the cookie, the rest. Oh God, that was good. let's go I don't know what the weather is. I'm just... Yeah. I just had to pass the road. I don't know what to do. I know a lot. I have plenty to do. I can't hold the weather. Yeah. When you make songs, like, you're walking, like, you're walking, like, you're walking, like, shutting your mouth, all in the water. I can't hold the weather. I can't hold the weather. I'm just going to go to the park. So, I'm just going to go to the park. I'm just going to go to the park. I hope so. I hope so. I hope so. I hope so. I hope so. No. My dreams. Just stop it, don't go out. I haven't felt this excited since the first Olympia that I ever competed at, you know? When I qualified the first time for myself in 2018, I was like, it's that big shiny new fucking Olympia, it's like, man, I'm so excited to be there. That's that feeling I'm having again, and I'm just like, it feels like a whole new show. When you're competing there, it's one thing, it's exciting to be there, especially when you're really competing at the top of the sport, there's an excitement to it. But over time, your priorities change. Your priorities of what, and I kept using this war room during the podcast, I've filled changes over time. And right now, that shift is more into being there as a fan, as a friend and a supporter, a supporter for Chris, like for family like that, or for other friends that I have in the show. And like you said, I haven't seen Chris on stage, it's 2019. It's either I've been watching him on the live stream, which I could be the same as I was at a 6,000 miles away, even on the five last of the road. So with the conflicting schedules, I never really got to see that. So I'm really excited to see him kill out up there, and just to be there in a different capacity this year. Because the years that we were working together is when I was coaching him, obviously this is a different dynamic, in different levels of pressure, and different levels of how it affects you from a personal impact, and then you're trying to compete yourself. And then this few last year he was with Hawny, and I was there myself, and I never even saw him. So just to be there and just to like enjoy that full process and watch him and Hawny do their thing and just to be there in any way that I can to help or support and just watch him on stage. And it's very, very exciting for me for sure. It was a bit like watching him kind of like prep with Hawny and stuff like that. It's been awesome. I mean, you know, you can tell when something's like two people jailed. You can see it anyone who has watched their videos together, see their little fucking banter back and forth. And like you can see there's a good rapport, a good relationship built there. You know, and me being someone that's been in the sport as long as I have, even not having work with them, like I have an immense trust in Hawny for sure. Like I don't think Chris could be in any better hands. You know, so obviously just caring about him as family, you know, you obviously want to make sure that there's someone that's like doing them the best and I never doubt that for a second with it being Hawny. You know, and obviously last year, you know, was indicative even just from not even the best hand standpoint, but best hand standpoint from like just a peak in physique look, you know, was definitely as one of his best or definitely as best look, you know, conditioning fullness, like just Christmas, like, you know, so to see that, it's like it was honestly like a not a sigh of relief because I had no doubts in Hawny, but it's like, fuck, we, I made, like we both made the right call and that, you know, one in terms of, you know, the impact that it could potentially have on our relationship with then also knowing that he keys in the best hands possible and he's up there fucking killing it at a whole new level, which, you know, look, I'm confident my coaching to a point, but when you're trying to like win multiple Olympias and not even just win multiple Olympias, be better every Olympia. You know, there's one thing to just show up every year the exact fucking same and win Olympias, but when you get to that point, like when you're already winning, what's next up to be better, to be better, to be better in your competing against yourself, you're chasing your own self, you know. So, to see that he was able to achieve that with Hawny last year was very gratifying feeling for me for sure. That's one. Yeah, there we go. No, no, I was telling him to get out of your way, brother. Tell me up here. Yes, sir. One, two, three, six, twenty, two, twenty-seven, play eight and thirty-one. Hold a turn to the right. Hold a turn to the right. And face through. Side check. Back double mindset. That's it, Chris. Hold it. That's it. There you go, Chris. Thank you, gentlemen. Back in line. Back to you, Bob. All right, take a big spin. Yeah, boy, I was saying that. Here we are, Chris. We talked about it last year. We talked about it this year. We've done many, many interviews throughout the entire season. The strive for five is finally done by friend. I'm really special. I've had a mantra every prep I've gone through. I wanted to add to my champion mentality concept. I was going to know my emotions. I was going through some shifts and I started to shut down. I was going to feel it. I was going to lean on the people I love. I felt honey. I was like, I don't know if I can do this. I will love you no matter what you do, what we believe in you. I felt me up as courage to keep going. I remember it was probably four weeks after that. I had a good work. I'm going to cry again in this time of the gratitude. I had quit, but I had none. I don't share this for pity or to make it seem like a hard prep. I just share this because I want people to know that. Life's up and down. I'm going to have you know quit, but not giving up on yourself. I'm leaning on the people you love and enjoying the goddamn journey. I'm just being long for the experience. Thank you guys so much for six years. The past five years of my life has taken years of the community. I've been so integrated. It made some of the greatest ways. It's just like an imagine in this sport. You guys have been loving the league. It's my life and there. Jim, Debbie, everyone's dance all in there here. I just thank you guys so much for this beautiful thing. My team, honey. I couldn't do this. I'm currently my fiance. I love you so much. You're the strength behind me. My mom, my dad, Matti, Calvin, boys, everybody. I think love you guys so much. And I'm so grateful to be up here. So thank you guys so much for everything. Let's enjoy the night. Have a fun weekend. So thank you. Chris, I got nothing to add. That's one of the two champion ones. I gave you no strangers in a winter circle. No signs of slowing down. Anytime soon, people keep basting. If you hit one more year and you're Chris, you're going to keep going. If you want you to go to the open. Probably isn't a bad idea. Maybe it's some point. 400 thousand good reasons to do that, right? Jake's thumbs up. That's all for it. But I'm just going to let you enjoy this moment, my friend. So no questions about the future. No questions about the C-pop standard. Just enjoy being in your fine time. I'll let you a champion by the front. I'll pop your hair on the plate and post it. I'm so glad you're late. C-pop, fine time champion. We're going to get first interviews right here. Thank you. I got to know you said you know. I love you. I love you. I love you. No questions. Thank you. You're a great one. You're a great one. I'm just going to go. You're a lot to mind. I think you're going to be okay. You're a great one. You're a great one. Thanks. You said I might have said you speak to a foreigner? Brospeed? Fine, fine. We're both in this funny battle, I think. What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? I don't know. What? What? There you go. What? What? What? God's name. God's name. Yeah. Where's the station? Oh, there's something. I didn't know that angle you. You probably did. I probably looked like I'm short of the... Yeah. There's so many photos of me out there. I'm just like stepping in. And I'm always on the map. Yeah. Yeah. That's where I learned it up there. But edging up there. Yeah. Like my arms. Like lean in like that. Looks so skinny. I can't imagine that. I got to get one. I got to get one. I'm just going to be there every set of the way. Whatever you want to do, I'll be there. Because like that was that. That's what I like. I like that. Maybe so much. I'm not sure. This is the... I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. It's blue. Oh, what are you guys doing? Wow. You need a train. Oh, he is the... Honestly. That is the classiest thing I've ever heard of in my life. I don't have. There you go. I'm looking for a 24-minute. I'm looking for a 24-minute. I'm looking for a 24-minute. I'm looking for a 24-minute. I'm looking for a 24-minute. I'm looking for a 24-minute. Oh, where you going? Oh, my gosh. He's heavy, don't tear it. That's heavy. He's big about it. He's a mega fat. Oh, my gosh. I'm just feeling it, babe. The plus is pregnant, the bind is dead. Mine is not pregnant, but I feel it. I'm just feeling it, babe. The plus is pregnant, the bind is dead. Mine is not pregnant, but I feel it. Mine is not pregnant, but I feel it. There's a plus sign through it, but it's really faint, babe. Oh, my gosh. Oh, my gosh. Oh, my gosh. Oh, what do you think? Oh, my gosh. Oh, what do you think? Oh, my gosh. Oh, my gosh. You're pregnant. Are you kidding me? What? What? Oh, my gosh. Oh, my gosh. Oh, my gosh. Oh, my gosh. Oh, my gosh. Oh, my gosh. Oh, my gosh. I'm already getting up to work, so. Did you just hold a hold time? This is where I was pretty sure. I was really quick. I don't know. I'm going to keep you. Being able to watch Chris become a dad is really something I'm so forever looking forward to, and I'm so grateful for, and just something that I'm also so excited to witness, like our life together, and him becoming the father to our child, and watching him take that role on, because I know he's just going to be so amazing at it, and it's just like a part of his DNA, and who he is as a person. That's who Chris is just his essence, his heart. Minus, what you guys see on the external is truly the best thing about Chris, and watching him like be that person to a little baby, and to a little human is like the coolest thing ever. The coolest thing ever. Courtney, where's your phone? Yeah, she really is. Okay, three, one, one, two, three! All right, so here we are. Back in the gym where it all began, I guess. We wrapped up the Olympic Olympic end, and we're experiencing it. So doing the Ocho now and surprised having a baby. Baby bum is along the way. It was the most beautiful blessing I've ever received, and the midst of this prep when a lot of shit was going down. I mentioned in my acceptance speech, I tore my lap at about 10 weeks out. My body wasn't responding at that point. My mental state wasn't there. I was going through all this shit I was traveling too much. I had lost 12 pounds in a week randomly. I literally went from like 262 to 250, and 10 weeks that I've never been that light. I didn't know what was going on with my body. I was stressed out, there was some personal stuff going on on the back end, and then I found out Courtney was pregnant, and it was like the best news I could have ever gotten. I was so happy, and then there was all this other shit pulling me in other directions and stressing me out. Then that's when I tore my lap. I went to the gym one day, and I was doing dead lifts 405, and I just was letting the bar down and just hop. And my lap just like yanked, and this throbbing pain went through me. And it's how I tore my hamstring back in 2019, doing dead lifts and it was the same feeling. I was in the gym, and I was just so defeated at this point. I felt like this prop wasn't going to get the week prior, the two weeks prior, the year prior, and I was already feeling so defeated. And that really took the window to me. That took everything out of me. I'm never being at the gym, I was in Canada, I walked outside, and I just heard fucking bawling my zip on myself. I called Courtney, and she's like, hey, man, what's going on? I just was sobbing, she's like, what's wrong? I'm like, I can't fucking do this. Like, I just everything falling apart, my body's not here. My mind's out in the right place, I just tore my lap. Like everything's literally crumbling. Then I called, honey after that, and if somebody else is going, and I start crying, you think, what the fuck's going on then? Then I went home, tried to my sister and E in my parents, and I was just fulfilling so defeated. It was all I could really say, and that's when I kind of went in my A for a little bit of social and YouTube. We didn't really film anything. Blue back home, and I couldn't train back for like three weeks. Couldn't train my body for about 10 days. Luckily in Canada, I was got to see Dr. Kahn, I had an appointment with some prior, which was super lucky, and then I went in, and he was able to do some stuff for me. So shout out to him that was very helpful, and there's lucky that I already had that appointment set up, while I was in Canada. But it was a mental battle, and as I said, this year was a huge focus on not just having no quit, so I know I could not quit that ship, but sometimes what it takes to be the best champion, you can be, if you want to take to be the best man you can be, that's partner you can be best. Has been dad, soon to be dad, that person you can be, and I didn't want to shut out all my emotion and become a more lesser version of myself, because I'm not just bodybuilding to be a big jack to do, I want to be a better version of myself. So, didn't want to just not quit, I wanted to experience all this, and that was the theme I wanted to feel the good and the bad this year, because when in the past when I've had the numbness, the press all the shit I was going through, and fear and anxiety and doubt and everything, all the positive things are to dim the light too, because when you numb the good, when you numb the bad, you numb the good. And so, I leaned into it, I knew my therapist Jordan helped me a lot through this process, I had a session with her a week after, and I was like the feeds and telling, she was just part of your story. You know, I said in my speech again to my family, they're all like, look, you don't have to do this, you can't quit, you do it every one, what love you either way, but we know you can do this if you want to, and that really put a lot of strength in me, I guess, you know, time when you doubt yourself if you have a team of people who love you who support you, you can lift you up and carry the load that feels too heavy for you to burden. It really helps a lot, so I can't express how grateful I am for the people in my life. And I just started getting through it, you know, I was stressed out, and instead of trying to not be stressed about it, I just was like, no shit, you're going to be stressed out right now, you know, you're now going to be a dad, huge deal, super important, your health is also very important, even more important of you now. And there's all this other shit going on, so just try and feel whatever is going on, you're not meant to feel just excited and perfect all the time, so accept that where you are right now, just where you are meant to be, because as soon as you start fighting, you start to think where you are and how you feel is and how you're meant to feel, and where you're meant to be, everything feels way worse than it should be. So I accepted it, and I felt it, and I leaned into it, and I got back to the gym, and I did what little I could, what could I do, I could train legs, I could train some light arms, I could do specific movements that weren't engaging my lat, very minimal things for a while, and I got through it day by day, and then I think it was four weeks after all this, I was in the gym, it was a, I believe it was a back workout. I remember flying on the ground after a workout and being like, just not, didn't even realize I had just gone through day by day by day by day, I just did what I needed to do, not quitting, trying to feel the ups and the downs of it all, and then I also said one day I had a fucking great workout, I just crushed my workout, and I was still like six weeks out, and I was like, fuck, I can do this, like I started to build that belief back in myself, sitting here, this is like where I was sitting, when it happened to, and I was like, fuck, like you can do this, and I started crying in the gym, and this time, instead of those tears I had had weeks before of crying about feeling defeated, it was feeling the belief arising back up with myself, and like I could win another Olympian, or even get to the end of it and be proud of how I look. So that was pretty beautiful moment of gratitude and experience of life, of the feeling the ups and the downs, the feeling of being alive as a human is really why we're here, you know, we're not meant to win titles and be rich and do all these things, we're just meant to have a human experience of love and highs and lows, and feelings and emotions, and be there for it also, it was pretty cool to have experienced such a fucking low, and then back up into a high, and then it was game time, you know, I was like, fuck it, we're locking it in now. Corny and Tomi and I were the book called The One Thing, and it's just talking about how like if you want to be, the belief that something you need to focus on one thing and the time and that spread your thoughts too far across too many things, and I was like, fuck it. If I'm going to win this Olympia, this is all I had to focus on, this is all I can put my attention on to. And so that's what I did. It's up to one of the office, it's up to you, and but we're up to one email, text, I'll do anything. I just showed up and I did the fucking work in the gym every single day, and I was in bed at 9 o'clock every day, I was up at 7, every single day, and I did the same meals at the same time, every single day. I crush every workout every single day, and I did the damn work, and it pulled together, and I was a fucking robot. Not emotionally, physically, and it was fun. You know, I was able to experience it, and the axle came down, and eating came down. There was all these fun things going on, and one of the doctors was Courtney, and Ultra Sound, checking out her new baby on the way, and I started to build more and more excitement for that, and this just became this beautiful journey within a journey, and it was amazing. And one of the probably one of my favorite preps today, great movie, I have to finish with this splash. And that was kind of, I know it's isn't out of show to show to you, but that was all the emotion that was going through me, while I was competing. When I had a few moments on stage where one of the things I built, worked on very hard as last few years, is my mental ability to be present and enjoy the damn journey, and that's the experience I have at the five-time, Mr. Olympia now. You know, I was on stage instead of thinking of getting poses, they're doing this, and I'm like, I'm standing there looking around looking for my family in the crowd, hitting my poses, thinking to myself, like, fuck, you just tore a lot. You're having a baby, you're praying to life as if they're watching you, there's a truck outside right now, very loud. And I was able to just like think of this on stage and enjoy all that, and have all these moments, which is so beautiful, and that's what I've worked on to be able to be present, and not be stuck in my head and stuck in stress and stuck in chaos, while in this huge moment of... I could potential stress on stage, so I was up there enjoying it, and you guys could see it from a lot of the pictures this year. My smile was brighter, I felt like I was enjoying it a lot more, and that's all I've ever wanted, so it was a really good experience on stage. You know, I did everything I could, and I was able to just enjoy it on there. And at the night show, I remember being backstage and just like, closing my eyes and thinking of all that stuff that had gone through, and all the pressure I put on myself, all the stress that I feel, all the time, and a lot of the work I've been doing there, B2 was kind of like, talking to a healing like a past self, and I remember being backstage and both the picture of a young version of myself, and this is something I've been doing there B, and being like, fuck man, we were doing it, like you did it, like, I love you for, I was like talking to myself, and I remember like crying again, and being like, on stage again, they were calling your name to have the same thought, I looked up at the Olympia where it's felt on stage, I looked up in the crowd, the lights, and I'm just like, fuck you're here. This is the moment, like you're in it right now. These are what you're gonna look back on, and you're just experiencing it right now, and you're here. And I can't really put into words the kind of feelings I have. I went near up there, but it was amazing. And you know, I was pretty confident, and I had won this Olympia after pre-judging. I knew the package I had brought, and the work I had done, and saw the pictures, and I was like, I got this. And I was just chilling, I was enjoying it. So when they call my name, and I have five years of just clothing, my eyes in listening for Bob Chickel, of the voice being like, and new, and still, and still, and still, and still, you're a five-time Mr. Olympia champion, and just hearing him say that, and me just waiting for it, and being like, you should enjoy this moment, never forget this moment. It was cool. It was a lot of fun, and something I will never forget. And then I get to go backstage, see my pregnant wife, fiance, whatever, close enough, and my family and friends were all back there, and we were able to hug and enjoy. Celebrations and everything, and it was a lot of fun. So it was a beautiful journey. Lots of lessons learned, you know, pretty cool how I'd been a person who surprises everything, and now, at this peak moment of my life, I was like, no, I'm gonna fucking feel it all, and it was the best experience I've ever had, and the biggest lesson I learned is just when you're in those low moments, and you're having those hard times, and you feel so stressful, you can't keep going, or it's this shit, instead of trying to feel like you shouldn't be in that moment embrace that moment, because all of the moments, all that hell of a moment, so you want to quit the moment you want to shut down, those moments that you're at the beginning, or anywhere in your journey, those are the moments that make the victories, or the workouts where you're just like, wow, I feel good today, those are what makes us so sweet, and I wouldn't have experienced those moments of gratitude and joy if it weren't for those lows. So don't fight those moments, so try and get rid of them, just sit in there and feel them, and accept them for what they are in the moment, because it's just part of the human experience. Yeah, that's a wrap on this, 2023, 5P journey. It was a fun one, for sure. I focused on not putting it on social media, kept a lot of the stuff to myself, because I was just enjoying the processing and going through the journey in my own mind, into my own ways. So it was a lot of fun, you know, I have the greatest support team. Juan, he got me through a lot of shit, Courtney got me through a lot of shit, Calvals got my back through it on Maddie. Domin Mad, making sure it don't have to go to the fucking office or any roster for a week, set a time, and you know, it takes an army to pull it all together, and we did it. And it was super cool, at a few moments posing with honey and Ian doing check-ins with them. That was cool to see them kind of come together and collaborate, and kind of create a game plan for myself, with a lot of fun to experience that. And yeah, that's what's, it's what happened I guess. So thank you guys, that's always for joining me along this journey, chasing after something I love, and trying to share with you guys every little bit of it. That's as I can, because I might do it in a cool, on PS Stage, but everyone's going through their ups and downs in life, and it's all just part of what we're doing here. So I'm just grateful that you guys care to watch, care to support me, means a lot. When I talk about support, I have for my family and friends that help me be stronger, you guys are the same, you know, you get a lot of love, and there's this like folk, like the longer successful people up to watch you fall, and I haven't really experienced that, and I'm super honored and grateful for the support I have for people, because you know, it's rare sometimes people like to start to hate and want to bring people down, when they're doing well, but, you know, I haven't really received a lot of that, so I'm very grateful and honored that people want to support me on this journey. And now, we're going to be fucking dead. No more dead, he's evil, it's father's evil now. Dad mode, so super excited about that, being Courtney will discuss more of what's coming along with the baby, but you guys have heard me talk about before it's the thing I've looked forward to the most of my life. I did know what happened, but I'm so excited. So we're going to get into that a little bit deeper with Courtney. Talk about what's coming with the baby bump, but, until then, it's a wrap on this one, so I thank you guys for watching. And until next time.