Hey everyone, welcome to the Peter Atia Drive. I'm your host, Peter Atia. The drive is a result of my hunger for optimizing performance, health, longevity, critical thinking, along with a few other obsessions I've gathered along the way. I've spent the last several years working with some of those successful top performing individuals in the world. And this podcast is my attempt to synthesize what I've learned along the way to help you with a higher quality, more fulfilling life. If you enjoy this podcast, you can find more information on today's episode and other topics at PeterAtiaMD.com. Welcome to the Peter Atia Drive. In this episode, which I know is long anticipated. I spoke with Dr. Rhonda Patrick from Found My Fitness. I suspect many of you listening to this know everything about Rhonda and have been fans of her for a really long period of time on the off-chance there's anybody listening who doesn't know who Rhonda is. I suspect by the end of this discussion, you will also become a huge fan of hers and her podcast, which is exceptional. So I've known Rhonda for quite a while and despite the fact that we both consider San Diego home, and we've just been busy enough that we just haven't had a chance to sit down together in quite a while. So this discussion was kind of long overdue and it was sort of funny because as soon as Rhonda walked in, we just jumped right into a really interesting discussion and then ten minutes in, I thought, you know, we should probably start recording because this is interesting stuff. And so we did. And similarly, when the discussion finally ended, we sat around for another 20 minutes talking about a bunch of stuff that I found myself thinking, God, I wish we were still recording this because it's super interesting. So that's just basically to say, I suspect Rhonda and I will speak again at some point soon. So don't worry if all of your questions weren't answered here. The other thing about this podcast that was a ton of fun was that in the days leading up to it, she and I had emailed each other a few times back and forth some ideas of things we would talk about. And in the end, neither of us really had any notes sitting in front of us. We just sort of sat there and shot from the hip and didn't follow a script or anything like that and didn't even get to have the things that in our emails we had suggested we would talk about. That said, all the stuff that we talked about is stuff that I think Rhonda brings a great deal of expertise to. So I don't recall the order, but I know that we certainly touched on IGF. And the growth hormone, what I consider a little bit of a paradox, which is on the one hand we have some evidence to suggest that elevated levels of IGF are bad and that fasting may act in part by reducing those levels. But at the other end of the discussion, you have some confounding and conflicting data around that. We also got into a great discussion about the P-PAR enzymes, so P-PAR alpha, P-PAR gamma. One of the things that Rhonda does incredibly well on her podcast and I would encourage those of you who find this episode interesting, who aren't familiar with her work to go back and actually watch some of her stuff. Rhonda doesn't put out a lot of podcasts, but the reason for that is the amount of work she puts into them is enormous. So when she puts up a podcast on video, there's explanations, definitions, and stuff scrolling across the screen. So it's an unlike me who's incredibly lazy and can't even stand to listen to a podcast after I record it, Rhonda is methodical in her ability to make that easier for the viewer. So you'll learn a lot about this stuff. You think we're going too quickly over it by probably going back to Rhonda's site. We talk a lot about the possible genetic explanations for why some people do and don't respond particularly well to ketogenic diets. And of course, you can think of that in two ways. There's respond as far as the ability to make ketones, but then there's also sort of these patients that I describe seeing where you put them on a ketogenic diet and everything seems to go wrong. At least biochemically wrong. So that's a very interesting discussion. In many ways, I think my favorite part of this discussion was the way it started, which was the first question I asked Rhonda, which was kind of a random question. I think led to some interesting back and forth between us, which was effectively, what do you believe today that you didn't believe before in vice versa? And I always find that to be one of the most interesting ways to dive into a discussion with someone who's buried needy, deep into science. Because if you're really thinking about science, you have to understand, of course, that virtually all facts have a half-life. And our knowledge is constantly evolving. In many ways, that's what makes the field so difficult to stay on top of, but at the same time so interesting. And so to me, one of the marks of a very thoughtful person is someone who's beliefs are flexible and who's willing to acknowledge that something that they believed was one's true or not true can be flipped. And so I think, you know, Rhonda and I share that and I think it was actually really fun to see where her beliefs have changed over time. So with that said, I think the show notes for this particular episode are going to be very helpful and you can find those at Peter Atia, MD.com forward slash podcast. And I hope you enjoy this discussion at least half as much as I did. I suspect it won't be the last. So without further delay, here's my conversation with Dr. Rhonda Patrick. So great to have you here. Happy to be here. It's great to see you again. I can't believe we live in the same city and only see each other once a year. If you win. Well, thank you for taking the trip up here today to my office. My pleasure. And I'll join the long list of people congratulating you on your 10-month-old son. Thank you. Thank you. I almost don't know where to begin because there are so many things that, you know, we share and comment as far as interests. I want to start with a really broad question, which is you spend so much time thinking about many of the same problems I spend time thinking about. What do you believe today that you did not believe four or five years ago? Probably the biggest thing that has changed in what I now believe, but I didn't four or five years ago even more, is that one of the major modalities for, you know, increasing health span, which is the healthy part of of your life, delaying the onset of age-related diseases, the major modality for doing that that would be the best way to do it would be caloric restriction or dietary restriction. So eating 30% less food than you normally would eat. I used to really think that was the way to go for doing that. And I think that my beliefs have changed for that in that being the major modality for a few reasons. One reason is because I think that actually, so one of the things that occurs during caloric restriction is a major drop in the growth hormone IGF1. And that's, you know, that's thought to regulate a lot of the improved health span effects. At least in some organisms like mice and in racist monkeys. But I do believe now based off a variety of research from people like Walter Longo, that periods of growth actually specifically periods of IGF1 are really important. So you're not, you know, if you're constantly doing this caloric restriction, then you're not really going to have that period of growth because you're chronically doing that. And really interesting, I don't know if you saw the recent nature study that came out, I think it was an April of this year on lemurs. So the study essentially showed, and these are, you know, I guess they're not human-primey, animal model, but their lifespan is, you know, median lifespan is around six years or something like that. And I think their maximum is 11 or 12 years. I remember. But the caloric restriction did increase the median lifespan. It also increased maximum. So they like lived a year longer than typically. And there's, you know, a lot of delayed onset of a various degenerate diseases. But there was a massive atrophy and gray brain matter in regions of the brain that didn't occur in control animals, which is just another sort of example of how, you know, sometimes some of these modalities that we think are really good for increasing health spans, sometimes have other effects. And I think that getting into the IGF1, I think we'll probably, you know, and I will talk about that because we both have a shared interest in that. But the periods of growth being necessary for health, I think, I think that's kind of turning point in my mind. And so now I actually think that perhaps even doing periodic, you know, prolonged faster or a better way of doing that because you can, you can get that IGF1 boost and you can get the lower IGF1 among other things that occur. But we can dive into that if you want. But I think that's, it's going to be done. Yeah. But I think that's probably one of the major things. Yeah, there would be actually another interest that we share would be, I think I was a lot more skeptical of of ketogenic diets about four years ago, in terms of being great for long-term health and health span. And I think that some of my, my thoughts on that have changed a bit based off of more recent long-term studies in animals, specifically in mice from work from Dr. Eric Verdin and also from out of UC Davis, showing that ketogenic diets in in rodents can in health span, increased median lifespan, certainly improved cognitive function. Now the caveat there is that typically with a ketogenic diet in rodents, it's actually can be most of the time is obeseogenic. And the way that these guys worked around that was they found that had, they had to limit the calorie. And what was interesting was that or cycle them, right? Well, so Dr. Eric Verdin, the way they did that was by cycling it. But UC Davis, what they did was actually put a calorie cap and turns out after talking with Dr. Sachin Panda that they ended up being on a time-restricted feeding schedule. And so the ketogenic diet was, you know, they were basically eating all their food within a certain, like, you know, eight or eight or so or nine an hour window. And then they were fasting for, so, you know, it's kind of one of those things where you know, in humans we don't really know, you know, I don't know exactly how people, I've never actually done a ketogenic diet myself. So I don't know exactly what people are doing if they're eating, you know, all the time or what. But so I'm also intrigued by that. And in many ways, almost have the mirror of your experience, which was, you know, four or five, six years ago, seven years ago, I guess, is when I really really got into ketogenic diets was on a ketogenic diet for three years, save one day. And I wouldn't say I have any less faith in them today. I just am personally less interested and find it much harder to do. So just as far as compliance with the ketogenic diet, you know, I think my life is just more complicated today in terms of travel and things like that and kids and stuff. But the thing that surprised me with the recent, because those two publications came out in cell, right? The ones, um, versus. Yeah, yeah. I was actually kind of surprised by a couple of things. So one was what you said, which was Eric noting that, hey, when we constitutively gave these guys this food, they just, they got obese. That's really counterintuitive when you think about how ketogenic diets increase circulating metabolic fuels. And that should downregulate appetite. And I think in humans, you know, there's a huge debate about why do people lose weight on ketogenic diets? So they're losing weight because they're eating less, where they losing weight because they're ramping up fat oxidation, disproportionate to where they were before, which drives up energy expenditure. Of course, I suspect the answer is both. In other words, if you do the latter, the formers should happen. So when people say, why do we less on a ketogenic diet? The question is really, the thinking would be, are you eating less because you are basically eating yourself more? Because you're obviously oxidizing all of those fatty acids to make BHB. Or is it some other reason that, you know, has to do with the neurochemistry of these things that go beyond sort of the metabolic central part of me peripheral effects of it? So that's the first thing to surprise me with that study, which was why were those mice overeating? Was there something else in them because they couldn't have had that much sucrose, they usually put sucrose in mouse child, but they couldn't have been that much sucrose, or they wouldn't have been able to get into ketosis? And I think even previous studies, like earlier in the literature, showed something similar, where it was obeseogenic. Now there was certain genetic backgrounds that also seemed to kind of little, you know, regulate that to some degree. But what I was actually thinking, so you brought up some really interesting points, is that thinking of the in the context of like, let's say they're eating the constantly eating the fat, or they're not having the period of rest. I know that, for example, when you're making malinocoué, which is something that you do, when you're oxidizing fat, malinocoué inhibits the conatime palm till transfer is the, basically the transporter to transporter fatty acids in the mitochondria. So if you're constantly making malinocoué because you're constantly eating the fat, then you're going to start to have this inhibition, and you're going to start to then store the fatty acids in out of a position rather than catabolizing them. Right? So it seems to me that- And we don't see that, by the way, with the exogenous ketones, do we? This is something I'm still trying to get a handle on. I agree. I'm certainly, I am extremely interested in the exogenous exogenous ketones, particularly because I try to show them. Okay, you try them. Yeah, yeah, I'm just going to bring you some of it. So I really enjoy the effects they have on my brain. So I've used them for endurance exercise, and I also like it for that as well. I do notice that I have a little bit of a, I seem to run longer than I usually stop at this point on the beach and like I can keep going another, but what I really like is for me, it really helps with focus and lower anxiety level. So like I seem to be able to- I'm always onto the next, you know, and so this kind of helps me, like, stay in the now. At least I- and that could be completely placebo, I don't know, but anyway, that's one thing that I like about that. But to get back to your point, I had one of the same thing because what's the effect of exogenous ketones on normal fatty acid metabolism. And the reason I had one of that is because there was a paper that recently came out where I think it was the one that was done in humans where humans, they were given the beta hydroxybutyrate ester for endurance and it enhanced endurance performance, but they found inhibited yes, and also it inhibited fatty acid, something to do with the fatty acid, a transport out of the out of post, something to do with where I was like going with somewhere- some of that had to do with lipid metabolism, which suggested possibly there could be an inhibition. Now, you know, it's funny, I'm going to see- I'm in New York next week, and a Dom is going to be in New York, Dom, Degasino, who obviously you know well, and we're grabbing dinner one night, and we're going to talk about this paper because I remember when it came out, Dom sent me an email with- I'll know for sure if you want- or I can just send it to you. Yeah, send this to me for sure. Because there was something about that study that was a little bit off, I need to kind of go back and and look at it. But it does back another question. So I want to go back because there's going to be- I know this is going to be a theme today, which is multiple threads that are easy for us to go off on. You're an irgrated going on today. Yeah, yeah. Let's go back to the mice. Let's go back to the two studies. Do you recall if in the verdens study when they before they started cycling the ketogenic diet, when they were just giving it to them all the time? Do they have a window in which they could eat add libidum that they over-8 in or where they give in 24-hour access to food? 24-hour, So what they never tried then was let's give you food for 10 hours and let you eat add libidum. Because that would be interesting if they would overeat in that setting. Maybe not that interesting. The other experiment that I don't think has been done is remember when they did the- they took a variant which was high fat, but high-ish carb. And so it wasn't- there was enough carbon the diet that it wasn't producing ketosis, but it was still a high fat diet. I'd like to see that experiment repeated with an exogenous ketone. Because then you could start to identify the effect of the carbohydrate specifically and tease out the effect of the fat and the BHB. Right. I think I remember one of the big differences between the the high fat low carb and the actual ketogenic diet was the induction of PPR alpha, which was which makes sense because that's involved in, you know, ketogenesis itself, but to what degree that regulates, you know, any of the other important properties that were found, including the really the profound effects on the brain. And, you know, so I like to personally get my ketogenesis from my periods of fasting. More so than carbohydrate restriction. Well, I do, I do refine carbohydrate restriction, but I also, I think there's a lot of benefits and this is part of the reason why for so long I was skeptical of a ketogenic diet is because I think there's a lot of benefits in eating a variety of plants. I think that there's a lot of various micronutrients that are much higher density in plants, full-a magnesium, vitamin K1, but also there's a lot of fermentable fibers and things that are really also really good for the gut microbiome, which I also think is very important for regulating immune function. So that's kind of been my, my hangup, but I think, you know, like people like Dom seem to be doing a modified ketogenic diet where they're, you know, definitely getting the greens, trying to get the leafy greens. So I mean, I think that, you know, one way to kind of get around that plus, I think there's also a way to do a ketogenic diet where you're eating a lot of salmon, avocado, nuts, you know, olive oil, and it's not just like butter and keto bombs and all this like pork grinds and stuff where I'm just like, where's the nutrient density and some of that, you know, so yeah, it's funny. I mean, I guess it depends on how many calories you need, but at the time during that window when I was on a ketogenic diet, I was also still very active, certainly much more so than now. And I really required a lot of calories. I mean, I couldn't maintain my weight below 4,500 calories a day. And I still stuck the pretty strict absolutes on the protein and carbohydrates. I really kept my carbs. And I didn't look at net carbs. I, oh, by the way, for those listening and wondering what that noise is, this is something wrong and I are very used to. Those are F8 teams, which how many overhead drive buys we're going to get today? You feel to predict? I would say more. Yeah, I was probably between 4 or 4. Okay. Yeah, it's the sound of freedom people. So just get used to it. So I was getting probably 50 grams of carbohydrates total carb. I should say probably about 80 grams of total carb, but you'll see what type of carbs it was. Really had to limit protein to about 100 to 110 grams. If I went over that, I would get kicked out. And so fat made up about 90% of my total calories. And so there's only so many ways you can get that much fat. And the most efficient way is actually salad with olive oil. I mean, I couldn't believe the amount of vegetables I had to consume to stay in ketosis. You know, I basically had to have two huge salads a day where I would make my own dressing, which was a heavy olive oil based dressing. And I could probably only have one avocado a day, which I would always have because I didn't know if it was getting too much carbohydrate rate. So it's like a lot of macadamia nuts, a lot of olive oil, olive oil based everything. And then the hardest part for me was clearly being stingy with the protein. What was in the salads? Okay, so I go, you know, I'm a pretty boring guy. So it's romaine, tomatoes, cucumbers, celery, had to kind of like limit the carrots a little bit. I normally love carrots. So you get tomatoes and everything on the ketogenic? Yeah, yeah. Now again, part of it, as I can get away with more, because I probably exercise more. And I was doing this before people were sort of putting butter in their coffee and stuff like that. So that was not, I consumed a lot of dairy, though. So see other things, tons of cheese, tons of sour cream, because you just needed those calories. And I actually developed like a spreadsheet that was customized for my coloric needs, but I had this formula of looking at every ingredient. Like, could you find the food that you could eat without restriction that wouldn't destroy your ratios? And so for me at my coloric levels, like cream cheese and sour cream were sort of the perfect thing. Whereas even high-fat Greek yogurt had too much protein. So I had to consume that in moderation. That's the other interesting thing. And I think I talked to Eric about this was, you know, how much of the effects, you know, on health span, or due to low protein intake and how much were due to, you know, the actual being in ketosis. Yeah, I've talked about this with Walter a few times. We don't see Ida eye on this because for several reasons, one, I'm not entirely convinced of the IGF paradigm anymore. So that's one thing where, you know, the question I asked you, that would be my answer. So five years ago, I would have said IGF is the devil. Girl, Thormone is the devil. You want them to be as low as possible. I'm not convinced of that today. And I can't wait to explore that with you. But the other thing is, if you really want to produce the lowest level of insulin and IGF, I am not aware of a way to do that, beyond a ketogenic diet that is incredibly low in protein and incredibly low in carbohydrate. When I go back and look at my blood levels, because I check my blood about every six to eight weeks, and I've been doing this for, you know, 10 years, I mean, my lowest IGF levels were during the three years I was in ketosis. I mean, they were very low. They were, I mean, not ridiculously low, but 25% of average versus say 75% of today. So that makes sense to me because if you think about, you know, some of the major dietary regulators of the IGF one pathway are protein, essential amino acids specifically, and also insulin. Insulin through IGF BP-3. Is that, or IPB-1? Yeah. So I mean, I think that, so for example, you know, if someone's eating a low protein and low, you're getting, you may not be a vegan, but even if you had your limiting your protein, you know, even to some degree, you're certainly getting more than someone maybe me, that's not not doing that really. Although I do kind of limit my protein. But it's a misconception. You see, I think a lot of people assume ketogenic diets are high protein diets. I think some people do consider that, yeah. But if you're, there may be certain people out there who can produce ketones with high protein, but in my experience, personally, and more importantly, clinically, meaning, I don't know, over the course of my practice and my career in medicine. I mean, I've probably at least encountered 50 or 60 patients at a very detailed level on ketogenic diets. Almost without exception, protein is the bigger thing that fouls people up. And so that's the thing I've always found a bit confusing in some of those discussions is, and even Eric mentioned this on your podcast, which is, well, you got to be careful if you're on a ketogenic diet. You don't have too much protein. And I was like, those don't go hand in hand. You're not on a ketogenic diet if you're eating a lot of protein, because you won't make the ketones. That said, I wouldn't be surprised if there are polymorphisms that allow people more or less. And you've obviously talked a lot about the P-par, is it P-par alpha or P-par gamma, where you see the differences in a person's ability to generate ketones? The P-par alpha is predominantly found in the liver, and it's involved in fatty acid cataplysm production of ketone bodies. So that would be the major one. Now, there's nothing empirically. I've seen the literature that's looked specifically at P-par alpha and a ketogenic diet or fasting. But, you know, there's most of the literature out there looking at the effects of P-par alpha with people that are either heteromazagas or have to do with the context of like high saturated fat, low polyunsaturated fat diet, because polyunsaturated fat activates the P-par family of transcription factors, which are a nuclear hormone receptor transcription factors. But the P-par gamma is predominantly found in like adipose tissue. I mean, they're found in other tissues, but I see predominantly that's like the most, they're highly expressed in that adipose tissue, and it plays a role in basically taking up fatty acids and adipose tissue, whereas the alpha, which is in the liver, take plays a role in the transport, cataplysm. So one would just sort of imagine, I mean, it would be nice to see that, you know, someone look at that, you know, people with these specific SNPs and how they're... Just promethius identify various SNPs of P-par alpha? Yes, but they don't really tell you anything. They sort of pull abstracts from P-par met and just kind of like dump it there. So you kind of can start with research there. I've been developing a genetic tool, and I just were actually developing it a lot more of a former NIH geneticist who's probably phenomenal who's been working with me and to tell me sort of develop those. Basically, look at, you know, the literature and see what some of these SNPs are doing, and then in conjunction with looking at biomarkers, very blood biomarkers, to kind of help people guide, you know, what sort of they should do, what's a bypass around a potential bypass, for example. So with the P-par alpha, gamma, I think that the take home, at least from the literature, is essentially you want to have a higher ratio of poly and mono-insaturated fat tissue saturated fat ratio in order to lower your tetradide, B-d's risk. You're saying for any, for people with the wild type or with people with certain SNPs. With the, with the, with the steps within P-P-R alpha, yeah, because end-gammant as well, because to some degrees, some of the ones in P-P-R gamma affect the uptake of fatty acids and out of post tissue, and so, and also muscle, and so it kind of kind of, kind of, you know, you have a lot more free fatty acids around, and that can, you know, have, have an effect on insulin sensitivity and other things as well. So we should talk about this offline because I have a subset of patients for which we have such rich data, and if I'm positive, all of them would be interested in knowing this, and, you know, we'd certainly get their permission, but it would be interesting in taking their, you know, just their straight-up 23 and me data. So, so here's the pattern I've seen, and I'm very curious as to what the overlapp is. So there's a clearly a subset of people. I think my N is too small to quantify it, but directionally it seems like I don't know, 10 or 20 percent of people. When you put them on ketogenic diets in the standard way, which usually ends up meaning you're getting at least 40 percent of your calories from saturated fat, typically 40 to 45 percent from mono and the remainder from poly, everything goes to hell on a hand basket. And the obvious things that go to hell on a hand basket have been certainly written about on the logosphere and Twitter sphere, which is usually their LDL particle numbers sky rockets, despite the fact that they're triglycerides go down. So they seem to be getting more insulin sensitive, but yet inflammation is going up, and you see that both specifically cardiac specifically. So things like oxidized LDL and LPPA-2, but even non-specifically C-Rective Protein Fibernogen. But the deeper level is the why, and what you see is they're making much more cholesterol. Markers of cholesterol biosynthesis like dysmarchalol go way up. And some of their phytosterols go up, which is very counterintuitive. Phytosterols would generally go down on a ketogenic diet, but they're going way up, suggesting that they're absorbing much more cholesterol, like biliary cholesterol. So the first time I noticed this was 2012, and I think I wrote about this one son of a blog, but I don't remember. Maybe I'm thinking of another example. And it was this relatively young patient who really loved being on a ketogenic diet. But when we get his blood test back, I mean, his LDL particle number was above 3500 nanomol per liter. And I know there are a lot of guys out there who seem to think that as long as you're on a ketogenic diet, it doesn't matter. None of this stuff matters. I completely don't subscribe to that. And my view is that's irresponsible. So I said to them, I said, look, I don't think a ketogenic diet is right for you. And he said, no, no, no, no, it's the best thing I've ever done. Like, I feel better, I look better, I'm performing better. We got to figure out a way to do this. And the only thing I could think of, and I talked with Tom Dasebring about this, and he said, let's try and experiment and rip all the saturated fat out of his diet. He was sort of like me. He was eating a lot. He, I mean, he's a high-clawed consumer. So that gets really hard. So we created a diet form that was only about 20 to 25 grams a day of saturated fat. And he ended up getting about 65% of his fat calories from mono-insaturated fat, which was pretty gross. I mean, you're drinking olive oil at that point, but he was interested in doing the experiment. And sure enough, after, I don't know, maybe eight to 12 weeks, same macro nutrient distribution. In terms of fat, protein carbohydrate, the only shift was the type of fat. So we just substituted mono for saturated. His LDLP was 1300 animal per liter. All of the inflammation was gone, and all of the sterile biomarkers went back to normal. I've since seen that about six times. And now I'm wondering if we took those patients and ran them through what you're doing. Yeah, yeah, that was really the ones that have those SNPs. And there's a variety of them that do that. So there's the PPR alpha, PPR gamma. There's a couple of FTO related SNPs also that the relationship of saturated. And basically, in the literature, these studies have all looked at the ratio of saturated to mono-in polyunsaturated fat. And for whatever reason, people with those SNPs, when they have a higher saturated fat poly your mono and or mono, they have higher inflammation, higher oxidized LDL, higher O-small. Then cell the L, higher, you just, you know, all these just terrible. Do you have a sense of the frequency based on the research you've done on this? How prevalent that is? Kind of. I would say, you know, I'd have to look back at the data probably less than 20%. So it might be in the ballpark of what I'm seeing for this different phenythal. It might be, yeah, it might be. So that would be really interesting to run them through through my tool. And like I said, we're even expanding that a little bit. I found a few more. Are patients sending you any of their data? Or are they doing it on their own and just they're doing it on their own? Some people have shared their data with me because they emailed me and something interesting. And I'm like, oh, wow, that's super interesting. Do you mind sharing that with me? And they have? So if anybody's listening to this and they're saying, hey, you know, I had an advanced lipid test before and after I went on a ketogenic diet. And I looked like this situation you described, can they reach out to you through your blog and send this data to you? If they can actually just use the genetic tool and then sort of, you know, share with you the data. If they want to share with me the data, you know, I can't promise anything, but they can certainly get the why themselves by just using genetic tool right now, which, which I have, I have free reports for, for example, the PPR genes, but then I have a whole comprehensive report that's a $10 recommended. So if someone doesn't want to pay $10 to do comprehensive, they can just get the free report and get the why potential why themselves. So I hope that anyone listening to this because I, again, if I'm seeing this at 10 to 20% of the time and you're seeing it, and it'd be great to get a few hundred people who are that phenotype and find out if the phenotype matches the genotype. Right. Yeah. It would absolutely be. And like I said, I have, I have had people have that problem where they've tried a ketogenic diet and couldn't figure out and they did have one or even more than one of this, that regulate fatty acid metabolism. So. And then there's another phenotype that fortunately is more rare. And I also wonder what's going on with PPR alpha specifically, which is people who do everything by the book. And maybe I'm a sucker and maybe I'm gollable and maybe I believe patients too much, but I don't think I've ever had a patient lie to me. I really think like when they're not doing what they're supposed to be doing, they tell you. I'm not doing what I'm supposed to be doing. So it's not uncommon in this rare subset of patients that is where they're doing everything by the book. I mean, they're working their tail off to keep their carbs here, to keep their protein here, to keep their fat here, to keep it within this distribution. And they cannot get even close to half a millimolar of BHB in their blood. And to me, that's a really frustrating situation for the patient because they're sort of like what the hell I'm doing everything right. Like I'm not making ketones. And I think Steve Finney sort of put out this notion that the threshold was about 0.5 millimolar. I don't have anything to argue that one way or the other. So I generally can based on my own empirical experience personally. I sort of felt like 1 millimolar was about the threshold, but again, I think that's neither here nor there. But when these people are doing what I'm describing and they're at best 0.2, maybe 0.3 millimolar, it just made me wonder, there's something in their machinery that's not doing this. Now the question is, is it a like policies problem? Is it an oxidation problem? Is it a conversion problem? I mean, that I don't know, but it would also be interesting to understand, where could the weaklings be in their ketosis machinery? Right. And there's probably, you know, there's a variety of SNPs in these genes. And, you know, there may be certain SNPs that aren't having even really been tested or who knows. It sounds like, you know, to me that there's certainly something going on with the process of ketogenesis and some of the patients and their active levels or their active. Yeah, we're pretty, I mean, we've evolved a lot in our thinking on how those patients can be helped, but it seems that the best way to get them over that hump is fasting coupled with exercise if they're capable. But it's got to be relatively, it has to be, it's not gardening. Like it's got to be exercise exercise, you know, they have to really deplete glycogen. So that's the other thing I sort of wonder in some of these folks is what's happening with gluconeogenesis? Because I, I think until you start to dip down and glycogen a little bit, it's really hard to do this. And of course, we can't do liver biopsies. Well, the fasting does get them in ketosis. And so again, we're dealing with such a small end that I don't, I want to be thoughtful about not generalizing too much. So there's one patient in particular who's the poster child for couldn't do the ketosis thing straight away. But when we put him on every month, five day FMD. So he would do the five day FMD, but ketogenic, not long goes FMD. And then the 25 days of ad lib was time restricted eating, ketogenic. Then we've seen great results doing that in two people. So that would suggest that something, again, we're not doing this as an experiment at this point. It's like clinical. It's like just try to get the job done sort of thing. But that would suggest that something about the fasting end or the exercise end or the time restriction could get them over the hump. But it's interesting because from an evolutionary perspective, you should have been selected out really quickly if you couldn't make ketones efficiently. Well, it sounds to me that maybe there's a glycogen, you're not, you're not getting depleting the glycogen too. If that's, you know, so maybe it's not to do with the production of ketempies. But it's actually just takes a long time to complete that glycogen. I do think there's a huge variation. Obviously physical activity plays a role in that as well. I can fast, I can do, you know, like when I do my time restricted eating, ideally I like to do it within, you know, nine or ten hours. You don't might fit within nine or ten hours. And then I, you know, I like to fast for like 15 hours. I can do that. And with my physical activity levels, you know, I will be closer to one millimolar fast, like, we will get to one millimolar after 15 hours of fasting. I will be closer to that when I'm really physically active, like during the periods a couple of years ago, and I was doing lots of like long, like long distance running and stuff, I can get closer. I mean, I mean, I'm, I'm going off of like a precision extra, which probably is not very none of no precision extras. It's, I mean, that's really good for that. Yeah. So I can get between like 0.7 millimolar to like 0.9. But are you consuming a ketogenic diet during your feeding when you're eating? So my, my diet typically, so I like I said, I've never really intentionally tried to do a ketogenic diet, but my, my diet is, I'm, I pretty much eat a lot of the same things, and typically it's salmon, a salad, or a sauteed vegetable with olive oil, some pasturase, you know, butter from pasturase animals. And my food will be like blueberries. I'll have avocado, so I'll have, sometimes obviously, with some blueberries, avocado and kale. And will you have two meals in that window or, so it depends if I have this, but they're not typically I'll have breakfast and then an early dinner, and then I'll have like a snack either nuts or this smoothie, the kale with some blueberries and avocado. So I think it, you know, I need a lot of nuts too. You know, I probably do what kind of nuts? Walnuts, macadamian nuts, pistachios, cashews, almonds. I think probably I could. I put cashews in the candy category. Oh, really? No, no, no, I just mean like, I can't stop eating this thing. So yeah. When I talk about nuts, I'm like, I eat nuts and sometimes cashews because like, I just might as well be eating M&Ms. Is there other flavor? Well, yeah, no, look, you know, all kidding aside, when I was on the ketogenic diet and I had to be very mindful of this stuff, basically I could only consume almonds and macadamia. Everything else was just a little too high in carbohydrate. The cashews just, like, my own personal demons. Okay, I don't know what it is about cashews. Like, I love watermelon, like the summer, like right now. Oh, like my son loves water. We could eat a whole one. Oh, yeah, like put a little salt on it. Like my father-in-law from the south and taught me that. So in the summer time, I like to eat some watermelon. I like to eat peaches. You know, so while I'll definitely indulge in more fruits because that's when they're around. But, you know, so I do, I think my diet tends to be... So it wouldn't be surprised if before you entered your, like, so let's say you finish your feeding window just before you went to bed. It wouldn't surprise me if you're already at point two or point three millimolar range. Probably, yeah. Yeah. I know, actually, to measure the right. So check that. Yeah. And that'll give me a sense because if you, if you're going to... Well, I'm not doing as strict because I'm still nursing. So I'm because it's just so hard to, like, time-wise get everything. I'm eating probably more like within the 11 to 12 hours. Okay, okay. Well, when you, when you get back to the 15, I'd be curious because if you're actually able to go from zero or point one millimolar to point seven to one millimolar in a 15 hour fast, that's impressed. So, so when I took the exogenous ketones and I've done this, did you do the ester or the by HBMN? I did their instructions, which is either with a high carbohydrate diet. So I had a a little bowl of some hollows with some blueberries in it. And then I took the BHB ester. I literally went from, like, point one millimolar ketone to one hour to six millimolar. Wow. Six. One hour. That's really high. So... That's impressive. Okay. I'm trying to think, I definitely don't get that high. And that's just with one bottle. With one bottle. And then how long did it last? Do you recall? Well, it depends on whether or not I did exercise like intense exercise. And so, if I did the intense exercise, like an hour later, I was down to, like, two or three or something. And have you ever taken it and just done work, for example, where basically the brain is doing more of the exercise than, yeah, that's what most of what I do it now, but I'm not measuring because I'm usually like doing a podcast or going traveling and doing, you know, something, but that's, that's typical what I use for. Is that? So I'm not really doing the, using it for exercise. Yeah. They've really come a long way in taste. Really? They still taste awful. Yeah. You know, it's funny. I remember Kevin Rose, who's a good mutual friend of ours, when he tried them first. He texted me and he's like, dude, these things aren't that bad. Like, you made it sound like these things were horrible. And I was like, when I had it, I thought I was drinking caracine or jet fuel. I thought I was going to die. Go blind first, then die. He goes, not another stuff's good. He goes, actually, I wouldn't call it a sipping key tone, but it's actually I was something guys at human and the T-Dall that I spoke so I think they've done a good job kind of making them less ridiculous. They must really have tasted bad when you try it because I personally think it's closer to the caracine side than that. It was so bad around there. There was like a good three-month period where my favorite thing to do, like more than anything in the world was if anyone came over to my house for dinner, they had to try one finger dip worth of stuff. And of course, the first time I drank it, I just took 50 ml and chugged it neat without mixing it or anything like that. And yeah, I had a few days just getting people to try this stuff. The salts are obviously much more palatable. Yeah, I've just lost studied, but more. I didn't really, I wasn't, I certainly didn't feel like I had the same effects as the Esther. And also, if I took a really high dose of it, I felt like I had some GI distress. Absolutely. And I have also noticed that for some people that is, for me, that's the case. So I cannot take the BHB Esther on an empty stomach. The only way I can tolerate that at high doses is either to put it with powdered MCT or actually just take it with a meal. Which in many ways defeats the purpose because I kind of like it as a way to avoid meals. Does it lower your blood glucose? Because I mean, like it, like so significantly, it was like like astounding. Yeah, yeah, no, it's pretty impressive. Yeah. Yeah. Well, and I know that Jeff Wu, the CEO at Human is very interested in that. And I republished a post. I wrote five years ago on Exogenous Keytones like a couple of weeks ago. And a lot of scientists have reached out and said, hey, we're really interested in studying this. Like, what can you tell us about this? And so I think people are starting to realize that's an interesting way to lower glucose. Really significantly higher. More than 20%. I dropped 30 points. Wow. Yeah. That's for, again, you, you're, like after a high carbohydrate, after a high carbohydrate, like I said, I had oatmeal with some blueberries. It was nuts. Of course, my, my blood sugar because at the time, too, I mean, I've just been nursing at night and so, waking at multiple times that has terrible on your for your blood glucose levels and such, but so they were a little higher than usual. But yeah, I dropped me 30 points. Well, yeah, that's more than we typically see. Is it? Yeah. On the topic of blood glucose, have you ever experimented with Acrobose? No. I've experimented with it with cells and culture, but not like personally. The stuff's pretty interesting. It works quite well. Yeah. I'll certainly, if I'm going to indulge in some high carb action, I'm going to take 100 milligrams of Acrobose beforehand and just flatline my glucose. Wow. You know, in many ways, I find that actually more potent than metformin at glucose reduction. I mean, I think metformin has many other effects that we'll probably get into as well. Let's go back to the IGF thing. Yeah. Because this is sort of the thing that here's the thing. I'll just jump right to my punchline and my question with this. There are two issues I now have with things I used to take to be the gods on a street. Actually, three things. The first is I found Cynthia Kenyans work on the Daph 16 mutants in C. Alligans to be the most convincing evidence of the role of IGF or attenuating IGF in longevity. And I now question that, not question the work, but question the inference that that can be applied to humans, given the fact that only their germ cells divide. And therefore, cancer in that organism looks nothing like cancer in us. Cancer in that organism is only a cell getting larger. There is no proliferation. We have to sort of, I mean, it's obvious. The risk of stating the obvious, which is we're not worms, but that's a huge difference in biology. So that's the first thing. Let me let you comment on that. Yes, because I've done those experiments. So that's probably what straight out of college. I went to work at the Solkin Institute with Andrew Delin, who trained with Cynthia Kenyans. I was a chemistry major in college and I decided I wanted to try some real biology. I only had a little bit of biology in college. And so I went to work at the Solkin. And really, it was like this first experiments I did with worms where we knocked down the insulin IGF1 signaling pathway, also known as the Daff2. And their worms would live like literally a 100% longer. They go from two weeks to four weeks, right? Yeah. I mean, it was like, and not only that, like, the worms were so youthful. Like you would look at these worms, you know, because it's all I would do day after day and then microscope is just picking and poking and looking at the worms and how they move. And you know, as they get older, they start to become less mobile. And I mean, it's just very odd. It's the most convincing day. It is very convincing. And now it's me in my mind was kind of like when I was like, like, we have a gene that's sort of homologous to this. And this is happening in those worms. Like I want to understand that. Like, and here's the thing about that data. And this is what I think, if you get rid of another gene that's homologous to Foxo, Daff610. Oh, Daff610 is right. That's homologous to Foxo. It completely obliterates the life spent extension. Meaning it's the Foxo 3 that seems to be really important for we have how many we have four Foxos. You mean different Fox genes? Yeah. Yeah. I don't know exactly how many, but the Foxo we have 3. We have 1, 2, and 4. Was it 1, 2, and 3? There was like a 1, 2, 4, 5. But their analog is 16. I remember that, right? Their Daff 16 is basically our Foxo. Foxo. Yeah. So, okay. Well, anyways, yeah. I'm not sure I'm getting confused with that. You know this better than I do. But okay. Yeah. But what is interesting is that the life spent extension was completely like a meal related to life. And did their health span curves? Because the experiment you're describing and no one can see what I'm doing. But you know what I'm talking about. Like the natural was a two week lifespan, where for the first week they're youthful. And then they have a declining health span curve. So at the time of their death, they're totally decrepit. In the experiment you're describing, if I'm thinking of the same one, you doubled the lifespan. And their longevity curve became a square function. It just went out. Kind of yeah. Exactly. Yeah. That's exactly what happened. But you get rid of the Daff 16 and they're like wild type. Oh, they're like wild type. Yes. I think so. And that largely has to do with, you know, so that the IGF1 insulin signaling pathway both inhibit Foxo 3. So if you get rid of that inhibition considerably, Foxo 3 is constantly active on those warm. I mean, it's just like super, you know, making super oxides. This mutate is they're making more stem cells. They're making just everything's active. You know, more topology, more strict. Like all these stress resistance pathways. I mean, Foxo 3 is a transcription factor. It regulates whole host of genes. Many of which have to do with DNA repair, autophagy stem cell function, production of antioxidants in anti-inflammatory pathway. So it's a lot of really good stuff. You want to act up all the time. So there's that component to the longevity pathway. And actually, if you look at the animal data from rodents, whether it caloric restricted, if you get rid of the Foxo 3, the median lifespan extension is gone. So the lifespan extension depends on Foxo 3. The cancer stuff was still like, it didn't matter. So the cancer reduction didn't depend on Foxo 3. Only the lifespan extension. So I think there may be an uncobbling between humans and IGF1, one of the major problems with IGF1 is actually cancer. And if you look at, you know, animal studies, if you look at humans, human studies, like humans that have polymer physicians that make them have more IGF1, they have much higher cancer incidents, vice versa. So if you look at people that have polymer physicians, I agree. Is that the case? I mean, we look at the opposites, right? We look at the ones that have low GH and by proxy low IGF and have less cancer. So you're talking about larynx syndrome. Yes, larynx syndrome, yet yes, they do. But I think there's also another one in IGF. There's heads and IGF1 receptor. So this is you're not talking about acromegally or people that are making too much GH. They also are more susceptible to cancer as well. Yes, I am talking about them as well, actually. The people with acromegally are more susceptible to cancer. Maybe I am, that's what I was referring to with that have higher circling levels of IGF1. So you're saying you can't uncople the growth hormone from, yeah, that's been one of the things I've struggled with. Is it's hard to uncople the GH, the effective GH on the liver? Yes, exactly. But animal studies that that has been uncopled. Like if you do any sort of tumor transplant animals and then make them have high GF1 through a variety of modalities, the cancer will grow rapidly. So how do we explain the human epidemiology, which, and I'm like, there are a few people that are more critical of epidemiology than me. I'm not a particular fan of it. But I find it to be quite interesting in the negative, meaning the contrapositive with an epidemiology can be quite interesting. So this is the next thing that caught me going, wait a minute. And that was, there's a U-shaped mortality curve that is skewed to the right for IGF and all-cosmortality, cancer mortality, cardiovascular mortality, and neurodegenerative mortality. But when you uncople them by disease, you see a very interesting pattern. So all-cosmortality, as IGF goes up, it actually starts to go down. It natives at the 70th percentile and then it starts to rise. But it doesn't get as high as it started. I know for people listening, this is confusing. So we'll include the figures of all these from the papers. But the point is it's not that as IGF goes up, mortality goes up. It's the opposite for 70% of the ledger, only at the very end. In other words, only high levels of IGF, very high levels of IGF, seeing problematic. And as I know you've talked about, I've heard you talk about this on your podcast, you have to then disaggregate that by age. The older you get, the better IGF seems to be, presumably because of the preservation of lean tissue. It turns out that most of the uptick in the mortality above the 70th percentile is driven by cancer. But actually cardiovascular disease and neurodegenerative disease seem to get they flatline by the end. So meaning there was no benefit to being at the 100th percentile, or the 99th percentile versus the 80th versus the 70th, but you weren't getting penalized for it, which suggested to me that low IGF might not be the ticket, maybe it's some combination of cycling high and low IGF, but living it around the median to slightly above that, the 60th, 70th percentile. And again, that's probably more a function of my misunderstanding of the literature five years ago, but I really came away thinking, IGF, we got to keep that as low as possible. It's funny, you and I kind of have, have evolved in the end. Very similar, because I now also think that, you know, so IGF1 does play a very important role, obviously in development, but also in the repair of muscle, in the growth of muscle, I mean preserving muscle mass. Also, it gets transport across the blood-brain barrier, plays an important role in neurogenesis and allowing existing neurons to survive, which kind of brings me back to that gray matter thing with the limmers. But, you know, so, and the thing that was interesting to me was the effective exercise on IGF1. And the fact that for one, it's been shown that the boost in neurogenesis after exercise in the brain via brain-drivener is requires IGF1. Animal studies have shown that mostly rodents have shown that that exercise causes IGF1 across the blood-brain barrier getting to the brain. But in human studies, I've also seen some showing that it does lower serum levels, I think presumably it's also going into the muscle and the brain. So I think that, you know, people that are exercising, they're putting that IGF1 to the places where it's supposed to go, muscle tissue, brain tissue, as well. But in addition to that, and this is kind of what's more recent work from Dr. Falto Longo, is that he does these prolonged fast and I think the prolonged fasting is extremely interesting for a couple of main reasons. And one is, I think that it has tremendous potential for the treatment of autoimmune disease and also cancer based on, you know, his work and what he has shown now in animal studies and some pilot clinical studies is that doing a prolonged fast and or in some cases, the fasting-mimicking diet causes this massive shrinking of organs where, you know, he doesn't know how much of it's due to cell-sized decreasing versus A-pop doses. He does know A-pop, A-pop doses is occurring and he has show that in multiple publications like there is a massive induction of A-pop doses after a prolonged fast, which makes sense because it's a very strong stress. And then after during the refeiting phase, the organs basically come back, they come back, they grow, regrow. And presumably selectively repopulate. Yes, so he's shown that these stem cells get activated, so that basically they have to be activated by the low IGF1. But then to proliferate and differentiate into whatever tissue type we're talking about, let's say we're talking about the immune system, then IGF1 is required for that proliferation and differentiation and repopulation of the tissue, which means you can't just keep the IGF1 low. The refeiting is just as important as that. And the IGF1's key in that. And so, you know, what he's shown now is that you can take, for example, in the multiple scrocers, animal model, you can actually cause stem cells to be activated through the prolonged fast and then during the refeiting phase, the stem cells make non dysfunctional, so they're making normal, non autoimmune cells. He needs done like a pilot clinical study with multiple scrocers, people with multiple scrocers, and it's helped with symptoms. But he's also done these cancer studies. And this is kind of where there's been some clinical studies that he's been involved with, like a 48-hour water fast that's been done in patients undergoing standard of care treatment. And he's shown that it was tolerable, not only that, there seemed to be less mylo toxicity, less nutrient-eateny and so, basically, there, and it sensitized cancer cells to death. So, not only were the cancer cells dying more, but less of the normal cells were dying. And then he's gone ahead and shown this in animal models, also with the fasting mimicking diet. And it's like, if you look at the data, particularly in the animal model, because they can, you know, do all the tissue harvesting and stuff. I mean, it's like, it's so phenomenal that I would not be surprised that in the next 10 years, it will be required part of standard of care, because it seems to be so incredibly robust, I selectively killing cancer cells, which, you know, makes sense. I mean, oncogenes, they screw up all sorts of things. One of them is the stress response. And, you know, cancer cells can't respond. Just read their prime to die. I mean, it's, I spent a long time me not studying cancer cell metabolism apoptosis with a dugine, just a few other minutes, Sanctutulins, research hospital. And that's kind of one of the primary ways that a lot of these chemotherapy-to-drugs, if they can get to the tumor site work, is that because it's a stress, cancer cells can't handle it, you know, they die. So, I kind of went off on the tangent here. So, to get back to the IGF1, let me say one thing going back to what you just said, that is also interesting, but in the same thing. So, I agree that I think that it would really be great if patients had a better insight into nutrition going into chemotherapy. And the few times I go and give talks at hospitals or go and talk at like a cancer meeting. I'm amazed at how resistant the oncologists are on average, obviously there are exceptions, but on average, to interfering with nutrition. Because in many ways, their primary concern, tragically, is preserving weight. And so, I always get a little reclammed when I walked through an oncology ward and I see patients drinking in shore. Like, I couldn't think of a worse thing you'd want to consume when you have cancer. And yet, the goal is, hey, we've got to fatten these people up. So, I agree with you and I really hope that this research is accelerated because I do think patients would benefit greatly from this. And the other application that I saw in this several years ago, this is quite old now, but it blew my mind. I'm not sure if I may have a J Mitchell's work up at Harvard. He didn't experiment where he took three groups of mice. So, the first group were considerably, colorically restricted for their entire life. These were probably like one and a half year old mice. So, they're about halfway through their life. Starting, starting, yeah. So, these animals were constantly at 70% coloric intake. The next group was your control group. And then your third group was at Libidham Diet until two days before an operation. And at which point they were calorie restricted to a near fast. And I'd have to go back and look, I can't remember if it was 24 or 48 hours of fasting. It might have been a 24 hour fast. 48 would be pretty extreme for mice. So, in summary, you've got control, this straight up eating, you've got 70% or 30% CR forever. And then you've got control and then fasted for a day. All the mice were then operated on where their femoral arteries were ligated, held for a period of time. And then they were reprefused. For people not familiar with that means that it means you open the animal up, you put clamps on the femoral arteries, which would basically stop all profusion of blood to the lower part of the body. And then after some period of time, just before you kill the animal, you release that. And then you reprefused the blood basically, the oxygen reprefuses the organism. That's considered a reprefusion injury, which is about one of the most stressful things you can do to an organism. So, that you can really rapidly kill someone by doing that. And that's something that in surgery happens quite a bit. For example, you end up having to clamp something off to repair something downstream of that. Okay. So, what happened was all of the control animals died without exception. Of the other two groups, the groups that were either calorie restricted for life or transiently starved before the surgery, a significant subset did not die. And I can't remember the number. And again, I know we're going to probably link to this study. So, people are going to listen to this and go, that idiot got all those details wrong. But this is the just of it. A non-trivial subset of them lived. And what's interesting is you could get the same benefit by an acute period of caloric restriction in proximity to an insult that you could get by a lifelong of caloric restriction. And the third piece with it was interesting was the group that were just starved transiently actually had a faster recovery. But again, they were fitter organisms. I remember the first time I came across that thinking, there's got to be something to cycling. And people used to always ask me, like, why are you on a ketogenic diet every minute of every day? Would there be any benefit in cycling? Now, I still don't know the answer to that question. But I'm more curious about it now based on what you just described from Voltaus work, plus this type of stuff, plus just the general ethos of the way we evolved. We've fasted. We fed. We fasted. We fed. We fasted a long time. We goreged. Like, it just seems we've evolved for cycling. Right. Yeah, I agree. It's really that with Voltaus work, I just am so excited about about the prolonged fasting and the potential benefits of it. I think that actually something that you and I discussed several years ago and I had your interview on my podcast that you brought up that I thought was really interesting how to do with like the failed clinical trials with binding IGF1 and cancer. And Voltaus brought up something interesting in a conversation I had with him. And that is possibly that we now know IGF1 having low and IGF1 is important. So if you're constantly having low IGF1, the IGF1 is important for the immune system or population, you can imagine the context of cancer when you're giving other treatments along with it, that would be important because your immune system is key in working off cancer. And I thought that was a really interesting point. Of course, we don't have evidence of that, but I think it's something that would be interesting to investigate and make sense. Yeah, I definitely am on the same page with you with, I'm not and like I started out with saying, I don't think that chronic color restriction and low IGF1 is the essential way for improving health span. And I do think that IGF1, you want it to go to your muscle, you want it to go to your brain. So I think people should definitely be active, especially if they're eating a high protein and or even high carbohydrate or something that's going to produce a lot of insulin, you know, they shouldn't be eating refined carbohydrates, but people do, they're eating them, they should definitely be exercising. That's another change in my belief system. I think today versus five or six years ago, I think five or six years ago, I didn't think exercise was that important to longevity, which actually sounds ridiculous for anyone who knows me, because I was probably exercising four hours a day, but not because I believed it would make me live longer. It was just sort of soothing my addictions. But I think today, I feel I am much more convinced by a lot of the data you've described, certainly the central stuff. When we published this paper earlier this year with Richard Isaacs and that you and I were talking about it before we started recording, we wanted to get a sense of like if you took a completely unbiased approach to and look at the literature, what was the single most compelling thing you could do to generate or preserve brain health? And we came away thinking that it was actually exercise. And I remember when the analysts were kind of going through this and showing me all the data, I was like, come on guys, there's no way exercise could be the most important thing for brain health. And again, I'm saying this is a guy who loves exercise more than anybody, but it just struck me as there's no way. And again, I think part of it was I was just thinking about it through the vascular lens. And obviously, you know, I think better than I do that when you start to think about brain health, you have to think about it through a vascular lens, a metabolic lens, growth factor lens. I mean, they're overlapping, but distinct pathways that are going to influence brain health. And so I was kind of humbled by that. And now, I guess in many ways, I'm a little more adamant about it with my patients, not that I wasn't, you know, adamant before, but this is like, boy, if you're not active every day, like we got to change that. I actually, the main reason I exercise is for my brain. It's certainly just not only for, you know, preventing neurogenophecies and atrophy and all that, but just because it affects my executive function and it affects my anxiety levels, it affects my ability to make decisions. I absolutely, if I have something that's bothering me, you're giving me anxiety or I have to make a really important decision going for a long run, really helps me. And there's been studies showing that it helps with executive function, a long-term planning, like aerobic exercise, specifically, you know, and high intensity, interval training, all that stuff, they all do different things. Well, that's the thing we couldn't tease this out of the literature, which again, probably is just a limitation of shitty human clinical trials, but that's the second order question, right, which is if you're going to take the Tim Ferriss approach, which is what's the minimum effective dose? Because there are some people, like maybe you or I, who I think just generally like exercise and also get these other benefits, these endorphin benefits, but there are some people who are like, look, what do I need to do? Like, I'm going to treat exercise like medicine. And I think in that setting, I'm still not clear. So if you were that person, what I say, Rhonda, as long as you are lifting weights, one hour, three times a week, like if you can only give me three hours, would that be how I'd want you to spend it, or what I rather you be doing an aerobic aerobic type thing? Like, I mean, that's to me, those are where these biomarkers start to become very important, because we're not going to generate hard-outcome studies, with that level of control. Once you, you know, try to control that many variables and be that strict about it. You're going to very much lose a hard-outcome prospectively. But if we knew what to measure, right, and that's, you know, would we be measuring an integral of IGF, for example, so how much it rises, how much it falls, and then what that looks like over time. But I guess that's the funny thing, right? Like, the more we learn the less we know. Yeah, absolutely. I think that we definitely don't know the answer to that question. But I think there's a lot of data out there showing the for example, strength training, you know, there's benefits on the brain that's been shown published, this benefits on preventing muscle, atrophy, there's benefits on preventing cancer, incident like, that's all been shown for strength training for aerobic, and, you know, this high intensity interval training is also, also, seems to be making its way as well. Like, like, there was a study that I found VO2 max, this is, you know, the ability of your body to transport oxygen during exercise, which also is a indicator of when you're not exercising. And obviously, transporting oxygen to the brain, for example, is extremely important. The O2 max declines with age, like 1% per year, I forgot starting at what age, but, you know, so 10% per decade. So that's almost parallels the muscle, master, clandestine. Yes, it does parallel, exactly. And there was a study showing that 24 sessions of high intensity interval training, where it was like a 45 minute session, five minute warm-up, five minute cooldown, and then, you know, in between the max intervals, which were like pretty long, like a minute, there was, you know, the 70% of max work. Anyways, so 24 of those increased VO2 max by 12 per cent. So you're literally taking an entire decade of decline and reversing it with the 24. Yeah, that's, that's actually a point. When I was more active as a sort of competitive, you know, encycling, you would get our VO2 max tested about twice a year. Rye and Flairty, who we were talking about before the podcast, who's one of my close friends, and you've got to know him as well. I learned from Rye and that actually VO2 max is not the most important indicator as a runner or cyclist. It's VO2 max or pvo2 max that matters. In other words, for a runner, vvo2 max is much more predictive of performance, which is the velocity you carry at VO2 max. And for a cyclist, it's pvo2 max, which is the power output at VO2 max. That said, every time you go to test, you want to test well. So, you know, over time, I learned how to gain the system. You know, I want to make sure my VO2 max is in the 70s, which again, to put that in perspective, like, that's not at the level of professional athlete or something. Like the guys that are winning the tour de France are in the high 80s or low 90s in terms of milligrams per mill per kilogram. But nevertheless, just altering my training for three weeks before OVO2 max test and dropping my weight. So, if I shed two kilograms and did those types of intervals, I actually had it down to a science where there was a workout I would do. You know, in Carmel Valley, you've got the 56 that goes out and it's got a bike path next to it. There's a section of that bike path that is 1.6 miles long and it goes up at about 4%. And just doing repeat intervals of that, which takes about four minutes all out to go one direction and then about six minutes to cruise back, four of those. That was it twice a week for like three weeks and your VO2 max exploded. Now, of course, the question is, is that like, you know, cramming for the test, getting the result, but not necessary? Like, do you have to keep doing that to get the decade long benefit? I don't know the answer, but I agree that like, if you can maintain muscle mass and you can maintain peak aerobic performance, it's not, it doesn't even matter at that point if you're living longer. You're clearly living better. Like, if you don't budge anything on maximum lifespan, you've dramatically improved median lifespan. Right. And that's a, you know, that's for most people, that's what matters. It is. Yeah, for me, it is. I mean, what's the, what's the maximum lifespan that, like, a human's like 120? 120 for something like that? Is it 120, 120, 120, 120, 120, yeah? Living beyond that. I mean, that's, I think the goal is really to, at least for me, I think that's a lot more achievable is increasing my, my median health span, my health span, you know, so, so basically preventing, staving off cardiovascular disease, cancer, Alzheimer's disease, those sorts of things. So that I'm, so that I'm living healthier. And also, you know, a little bit longer, but obviously not 125 or six years. Yeah, I don't really subscribe to the theory that we're going to meet some takeoff point where, you know, there's immortality. I'm really not convinced that that's, that that's sort of biologically possible. And I don't suspect that I'll be alive at a time when it would ever come to fruition. I don't remember the journal. It was a paper that came out of Japan. And the study looked at a variety of people of different ages. So elderly population, centenarians, which are 100, semi-super centenarians, which are between 105 and then super centenarians, which are 105 plus. And looked at a variety of biomarkers for health and aging. So telomere, senescence, kidney function, glycated hemoglobin, lipid, the whole lipid panel, triglycerides, kidney function, hematopoesis. Like all that stuff was looked at inflammatory biomarkers. And what was found is that aside from age, what was predictive of being able to basically stay alive was low inflammation. Like more than hematopoesis, more than glycated hemoglobin, blood glucose levels, lipid, all that stuff. It was basically the ability to press inflammation. Like that was a predictive of cognitive function and also basically staying alive. Do you remember what they looked at? Were they looking at C-Rective protein and things like that? A relatively general markers? They look at inner lookins and stuff also. TNF. They looked at a whole panel of, and also some immune cells that are indicative of inflammation. So there was a whole panel of biomarkers that were looked at for inflammation. HPV, tighter or something was also looked at. So the interesting thing about that study was that inflammation was so key for each age group, right? Like even more than all this other stuff, like that, I thought about like senescence and telomere and low-clucost levels and all that stuff. And so I really, and if you look at some of the rodent literature, for example, I remember the study where NFCAPA-B, which is classically thought about as an inflammatory mediator, which it is, it also has an anti-inflammatory component to it. And if you get rid of the anti-inflammatory component, rodents will have this sort of low-level chronic inflammation because every time it's activated, there's not that anti-inflammatory part that's kind of keeping it in check. And so there's kind of like this like lower chronic inflammation that's happening. And those animals live like 30% less. So they're life spans cut short by about 30%. So that's kind of interesting, right? You're just just getting rid of that little anti-inflammatory component of just one major regulator of immune system. It has an profound effect on life span. And then of course, if you look at SNPs and stuff, of course, you can always find, you know, well since naryins have a higher percentage of 10 in anti-inflammatory anyways, you know. So the inflammation, it's an interesting finding that keep suppressing inflammation seems to be important for at least, you know, according to that study for making it to every part of, you know, I don't know what you call it, every, basically progressing to the maximum level that maximum lifespan level that humans can possibly live. Well, there was a clinical trial published either earlier this year or last year that looked at an IL1 antagonist. And so this was a study that took people and made no change in their lipid metabolism lipid biomarker. You know, this was they, they didn't do anything to the patients as far as differentiating the groups by traditional biomarkers of cardiovascular disease. But one group was given a placebo, one group was given an IL1 antagonist. The question was could that impact cardiovascular mortality? And we've long talked about how cardiovascular disease is sort of this trifecta of life-approachings, inflammation, and endothelial dysfunction. But this was in many ways the most elegant first test of that in humans using heart outcome. So made your adverse cardiac event stroke MI death. The hypothesis was found to be correct. So the patients getting the IL1 antagonist despite having no difference in lipids or any other biomarker had an improved outcome with the spike of cardiovascular health. About a month ago, another trial that was using low dose of methylthrexate, which is an immune suppressive, was halted early. And the results will not be announced until this fall. But if you read kind of the fine print, it does not appear. It was halted for a bad reason. Meaning it might have been halted actually for basically early efficacy, which presumably would have been in the group getting the methylthrexate. So again, we won't know that until the meeting in October, I think when this will be presented. But if that turns out to be the case, that's pretty interesting because now you've taken something that we practically have great examples of the one you've given, and now potentially there's ways to think about using it. So taking a step back from all this stuff, I think about it at the level of like, I'm just a mechanic. It's like, how can you manipulate these things in people? Cycling, using nutrition and fasting to cycle IGF, maybe even using an exogenous growth hormone for all we know. Maybe, you know, I've always been quite skeptical of growth hormones use in the field of longevity, but maybe periods of oscillating, wrap a mice in a growth hormone and fasting where you're cycling high periods of antibiotic, high periods of catabolic phase, maybe there's something to it, and then cycling agents like methylthrexate and all these things. So I don't know, that's my hope is like in 10 years. We've got a complete personalized toolkit for how everybody could figure out exactly what drugs or hormones or nutrients to take and cycle and how to do it. And then of course, the key is you have to be able to measure stuff. You know, the, the, with the cardiovascular rate and mortality, the, the sauna is something that is interesting to me for that for that reason, because of the profound effects that it has specifically on lowering cardiovascular related mortality, and of course, there's some clinical trials showing that, you know, there's a variety of other biomarkers and potential mechanisms by that, but which that's happening. But if you look at some of the data by Dr. Yari Lauken and out of Finland, if you look at some of the observational studies, you know, where there's like a couple thousand men that we're doing, it's sauna, so you pick what is in Finland. But if you look at, for example, men that are using it two to three times a week, versus 47 times a week versus once a week, and you look at, for example, cardiovascular rate mortality, two to three times a week, it's lowered by like 27%. But when you jump to 47 times a week, it goes to 50% every year. All cause mortality goes to 40, all cause mortality, all cause mortality is also lowered, dementia and Alzheimer's disease, again, like 20% lowered if you're doing two to three. I'm so glad you brought this up because I almost forgot, and I wanted to talk about this. This is one of those things where I think three years ago, I was completely dismissive of this stuff, which is to say I still love going into a sauna because the one thing that I felt sauna really mattered for was sleep and not for the growth hormone level. But because I think there's pretty good data that a great way to sleep is to create a high gradient of temperature. So the faster, the more negative the derivative of temperature, dT by dT, when you sleep, the faster you'll go to sleep in the longer you'll stay asleep. So a sauna before bed, if you could jump in the sauna, then take a cold shower, then jump into a cold bed. You're going to sleep like a baby. I've done it. It's absolutely true. It's remarkable. Yeah. So I always accepted that, but I looked at all of that epidemiologic stuff, and I was like the healthy user bias here is through the roof. Like I came up with a hundred reasons why I just couldn't believe it, including sauna's are painful. So if you are fit enough to sit in a sauna seven days a week versus the guy who can only sit in it one day a week, like how do I know that that's not driving it? Now since that time, I've become a lot more interested because now the mechanism is starting to become more well understood. And so I'd love to have you talk a little bit more about this because I know you've talked about this a lot on your podcast, but in many ways your pursuit of this has become one of the more convincing arguments in my thinking on the actual health benefits of this independent of the healthy health user benefits of this. You know the healthy user benefits of course and with with the Yaris work he's tried to correct for all that physical activity that he's done everything like looking at lipid blood cholesterol numbers LDL number like just like really you know try to try to try this best to kind of correct for that healthy user bias and of course there's a dose dependence which always makes it more convincing. But he's then since published some clinical trials where he's looked at for example the arterial compliance and of course blood pressures and that's one of the main things that's effect is blood pressure but also just like the ability of the arteries to like expand and contract in response to pressure like that's improved which is really important. So I think that you know obviously the son at the heat itself does does affect blood flow plasma volume all that stuff is change. So I think that the cardiovascular aspects and Yaris trying to really kind of tease part more mechanisms because he's a he's an MD PhD he's a cardiologist by training but he's also got a PhD so he's he's trying you know really hard to to kind of understand exactly what's going on but I do think that it's really seems convincing. It's really convincing with the cardiovascular related mortality specifically it's very robust. Personally it's kind of interesting to think about how much of you know exercise also elevates your core body temperature I mean there's the overlap there you know and when I sit in a sauna my heart rates are to elevate like I'm doing cardiovascular and that's what happens like I'm doing cardiovascular exercise sort of to sweat I mean a lot of the same adaptations that happen with exercise or happening when you're sitting in a hot sauna and even a hot bath like more recently another study came out trying hot bath effected had a positive effect on a variety of cardiovascular related markers as well which again if but you have to sit in it long enough you know to to experience some of those effects of the elevation of the heart rate and all that stuff but there's also really profound effect on the immune system like part of the benefit of exercises that it is an acute oxidative stress burst an acute inflammatory burst you know there's then a response to that and the net response is a positive anti-inflammatory and antioxidant response but the inflammatory and oxidant response is required to get that and something similar is happening with with the sauna as well recently there was a study looking by Dr. Charles Rezon he had made this like fancy contraption where he elevated core body temperature and he had a sham control so actually the sham control also made people a little bit hot and they thought they were actually getting the treatment but it had a very strong anti-depressant how do they do that he explains it on my podcast and you can go this transcript you can just kind of that strikes me as one of the few things you can't placebo they did some crafty thing which I'm not going to try to explain I will absolutely botch it and they did it and they had a sham control and in fact about he said about 70% of the people they had the sham control thought they had the actual treatment so it were like there was definitely a they were trying to control for the placebo effect what's interesting is I even the reason I got into this sauna was the effects that I felt on my mood when I was in graduate school like I lived across the street from a website and so I started using this sauna and it was like very black and white like I was like wow this is amazing like I can handle all this was a wet sauna dry sauna this was this is a dry sauna do we have a sense of dry sauna versus IR versus all the different yeah so I mean the infrared sauna is there like they only get to like about 104 degrees Fahrenheit you know it's not very hot if you look at Yaris work it like their sauna is that they're using them Finland they do they have a lot of what they call low lieu or something which is like they throw the water on makes the humid which makes it really hot I've been a Finland and try that try the their sauna's before but basically the temperature gets to around 170 between 175 and 79 degrees Fahrenheit and most of the men in these studies are doing about 20 minutes to get the maximum benefits the 11 minutes had some benefits sitting in 11 minutes but there was a stronger effect they say to 20 minutes so if you're in a infrared sauna that only gets to 140 degrees Fahrenheit you probably would have to stay in a much longer to get the same benefit and I see so the IR doesn't doesn't get deeper penetration thereby alleviating the need to stay in at a higher temperature it doesn't I mean sometimes people talk about there's a lot of marketing involved in a lot of that you strip that out though if you strip that out the the infrared sauna's do affect the sweating mechanisms like something to do with the penetration there you do do sweat which is great because you actually do excrete things like BPA and falades and mercury and heavy metals and things like that from sweat so that that is that's what a lot of those mark those stuff straight up dry sauna to 170 degrees spend three or four nights a week in that my favorite yeah that's personally I would much prefer sitting in a regular dry sauna or even a sauna that you can throw water just not in infrared sauna yeah so that would be you know the obviously the the fire hazard risk is more when you're having a sauna like that versus just an infrared and the infrared ones are I think cheaper as well so it's certainly more convenient to have an infrared sauna but personally I prefer for the other like the barrel sauna are really nice there's also an effect on the immune system I was mentioning Charles Rishon he measured IL6 which is also it's part of the Janis side of kind because it does like it's got like multiple pleatropic effects and it's it's a cutely released upon exercise as well it has it's very important for you know an anti inflammatory response releasing myocines and all these things in muscle so it has it's important for insulin sensitivity a lot of the insulin sensitivity effects um exercise has so so the sauna does the same thing that the exercise does where there's just a rapid IL6 release at least according to Charles Rishon's data and he said that actually correlates with the different you know I've never looked at I wear a continuous glucose monitor a lot but I've never really paid much attention to it in the sauna and I don't have a sauna but I'm going to be this weekend at a friends place who has a barrel sauna and so I'll make sure that I document what my glucose levels doing um because you would think transiently would go up right but I know that at least there's an one animal study where the heat stress quote unquote animal sauna it it actually increases glucose transporters and a type two diabetic model that actually improved insulin sensitivity lowered blood glucose because the glucose was now being taken up into muscle butter so I wonder you know how much of the again it's like you're you're affecting the IL6 is is is really important for that IL6 is released upon heat stress without without the exercise so on coupling you know how much of the benefits from exercise there's certainly some overlap and I think that there's also their separate benefits that exercise has as well independent of the heat stress component of it but I certainly think there is a lot of overlap between those two things and so the sauna becomes very interesting and then there's the whole heat jog protein part where you know the heat stress is one of the major ways to increase heat jog proteins which do play an important role in neurogenogenic preventing neurogenogenic diseases and I do think it's also really hard to un-couple the effects on the the vascular system which is important right as well because it's having such a profound effect on the vascular system the heat stress it's hard to un-couple how much of the staving off of dementia and Alzheimer's has to do with that versus each other proteins in our own. This is to me the biggest challenge with Alzheimer's disease just is you know we're talking about it in a pretty nuanced way but I think unfortunately clinically it's still considered one disease but you know to the best of my understanding it's really several diseases that all have a very similar common final pathway you know for example like going back some of the ketone data you know why why does ketone enhance memory in some in some models certainly even going back oh god 10 years you see a lot of anecdote of people in early stage dementia who when given even MCT oil would see transient improvements in cognition now Richard Veech did some of the most elegant work on this Richard Veech by the way is the guy who along with Kieran Clark created the ketone Esther that T delta S licenses to human and you know they showed I think quite convincingly in this animal model that the BHB was basically bypassing pyruvate dehydrogenase and so all of a sudden you know you think about the energy deficit that a neuron would experience if you have insulin resistance at pdh so if you know glucose is going to pyruvate and pyruvate can't get in because pdh is resistant giving BHB would just bypass it you go straight into the crebs cycle you make all the ATP you want but that might only be a subset of people that are you know suffering right there's also going to be the micro-vascular variant and then there's going to be the sort of more toxin variant so the nice thing about sauna too just thinking about it is it if I mean as again like I'm becoming more and more convinced of this it's actually like a really pleasant thing that you can do to potentially live longer and certainly live better because many of the things we talk about I mean let's call a spade as fastening is not fun I wish I could tell you that you know not eating is fun but like I just love eating so anytime I'm not eating I'm sort of like there's a discipline that's required to do it but I don't know sitting in the sauna for 20 minutes before you go to bed is pretty enjoyable of course the problem is it's not it's not it's not accessible no it's not every month you don't like yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah it's enjoyable until you like holy shit it's hot I want to get out but it's knowing that like you get to get out and then that that jump into the pool or the whatever it is is is is is is yeah and the discomfort you experience from from like the heat stress where you're really hot is actually I think key for the positive benefits at least for me it was on my mood where it was just like felt so good so what about the reciprocal of that cold so I used to you do a lot of cold therapy but all for Dom still the late onset muscle so that was my main interest was you know back in the old days I would go out and buy £100 of ice or £50 of ice I guess throw it in the bathtub cold water and I would immerse myself and that was unbearable but that really sped up my recovery from difficult workouts it's a pain in the ass so I started doing cryo and the data well I was pretty convinced that whole body cryo three minutes of whole body cryo at the right temperature was going to produce a roughly comparable effect in Dom's but had a fraction of the time and 10x the cost but I've also had people talk to me about and again I've never really looked into this but I'm guessing you have ice cold showers for you know increasing nor up and effort in levels things like that mood altering have you have you looked into this I've looked into the literature yeah that's something that I did that I did notice from from doing cold showers and sometimes I'll do them before like a big talk or something because it does help me focus and it helps with my anxiety kind of very some sort of so yeah I was going to say how do we square the two completely different things right you would you sit in the sauna to help with anxiety and then you could have the cold shower well I didn't start getting into the cold shower until probably a couple of years ago the sauna I started doing in grad school yeah long time probably about 2008 so long time ago so they're they're completely uncoupled in my experience I mean so do you think the sauna is working more through GH and other I think the sauna has a very profound first it affects the immune system and that inflammation has a major effect on rain and I think that that's worked from Charles Raison is pretty clear it's definitely there's definitely an antidepressant effect that seems to correlate with biomarkers of the immune system so so the more potent the aisle six response the more potent the antidepressant response in addition to that there's a very strong effect on beta door fins beta door fins are dumped and also this other system called dinorfen which is you know the opposite yeah and and what's interesting is that when you activate dinorfen through the the cap opioid pathway instead of new opioid you feel uncomfortable and it's the part where I'm we're talking about your leg I'm hot I want to get out it's the part when you're exercising where you're like oh this you know it's that uncomfortable feeling well that's you're making dinorfen partly because it cools your body down so it's kind of a response to elevating your body. I'm convinced by the way there are subset of athletes that don't produce that at the same level I mean seriously like there are people I think who there are because we talk about like why can that guy tolerate so much more pain than that guy yeah and at some point it's possible that they're actually experiencing less pain there they're definitely our variants in the cap opioid receptor pathway and all that so I'm surprised that hasn't become a performance enhancing drug which is you know blocking that receptor the pain receptor in the brain which is a you know a very interesting thought but now so so then on the cold front what do you think's mediating that neurotransmitters so so basically on the cold front the nor at the nephrine your it's that's been shown so animal studies have shown or no upper nephrine released in the locus coroleus reason of the brain after cold exposure and a variety of cold water exposure cryotherapy if you're doing a cold water 50 degree you know it's like 50 degrees Fahrenheit you got to stay in a little longer than like a couple of minutes and in a really cold cryotherapy chamber but in humans plasma norpone fefran's been looked at which does seem to sort of cool correlate with the release and so hard though to look at the plasma to understand that so I know it is it is so I do think that some of the mood is affected by the norpone effort as well have you experimented with the stacking which is go do the sauna for 20 minutes then go do the ice shower for whatever 10 minutes and you get an additive effect into the water I feel really good yeah I feel really good and and that's when I did notice that my sleep was really profoundly affected what's interesting is there's some studies showing that that heat stress at least in piglets does affect actually seems to elongate the REM sleep stage which I don't know how you know what what all that means but so there's there's certainly an effect of heat on sleep and then of course cold is you know lowering your body body temperature is important for sleep on set but I don't know there's something about the combination of the two absolutely like I sleep amazing after doing the combination of both I think cold is really interesting for the effects on mitochondrial biogenesis I mean exercise is probably one of the best ways to increase mitochondrial biogenesis but cold exposures been shown human studies both an adpust tissue and in muscle tissue to to boost biomarkers of mitochondrial biogenesis well depends on why tissue we're looking at the so like you know PGC1 alpha would be would probably be one of the best I would say for a muscle tissue in in anapost tissue perhaps the same I would say PGC1 alpha is probably one of the best it's another downstream one I can't for some reason I'm drawing a blank yeah so that that that's interesting to me that the the effect on mitochondrial biogenesis but personally I like the exercise you know for my my my mitochondrial biogenesis I'm not like doing cold exposure all the time it's not like something that I they do often like I said I'll do it once in a while before a big event I have to talk at or something just because it does seem to help me with my mood and my my my my my my if you ever swim in water that's so cold that you actually feel like you're on fire yeah I have been yeah that's that's me is amazing I assume it's due to the vaso construction I don't know but it's the coldest water I ever swam and was in the Colorado River and was 42 degrees which is I mean that's that's unusually cold and the only reason I think I was able to swim in it was it was it was May and so the sun was it was about 90 degrees Fahrenheit was the air temperature so you could like I wouldn't be able to swim in 42 degree water on a cloudy day for example or cold day but I couldn't believe the sensation of feeling like I had jumped into boiling oil it was incredible which is very different from my normal exposure to cold I used to swim a lot in the ocean and you know if you do a three hour swim at 50 degrees Fahrenheit or 52 53 you get a little bit of that effect but you know more or less you can still you still know you're in cold water but this particular time I remember and I probably spent 15 to 20 minutes in this 42 degree temp the entire time I felt like I was burning wow and again I I I I know no idea why I guess it's my assumption was that's such profound vasoconstriction in the periphery that you know the one thing that I wanted to mention when you brought this up for recovery is because there is some evidence that for whatever reason strength training when you do cold exposure like immediately after strength training if you do it within let's say before like sometimes with it sometimes within an hour before or before sorry after after strength training it seems to blunt some of the hypertrophy effects yes yes and and actually it seems to you say that that's the exact reason I would never take like ibuprofen or any anti-inflammatory agent I would limit it even that day I wouldn't take any of those agents because you're impairing that that rebuild yeah yeah so that so that's also interesting that the timing of it seems to be you know again there's it's been shown that about an hour after exercise is when the the anti-inflammatory response starts to peak and so it's like if you can you basically if you're within that hour window when the inflammation's happening to create that anti-inflammatory response you don't want to dampen that at least that's it seems to be what I think and and literature seems to suggest and there's of course mechanisms where it's like specific macrophages and muscle tissue are really important for activating all these things that you know eventually result in satellite teleportation you know and of course IGF ones in there somewhere so again you know the immune system activation is important for a lot of the benefits of exercise including muscle hypertrophy so so there's one more topic I just want to get to if we can spare a bit more time which is which is NAD the precursors the whole stick you've spent a lot of time thinking about this what is your current thinking on is having more NAD to NADH matter the the thing about the NAD I guess I should provide context for people why am I asking this question right so there's lots of supplements out there now that are you know either giving NAR or NAD and the claim is that these things can enhance longevity it would live longer and that also you live better you have more energy all of these other things and so in the mitochondria you have complex one which converts NADH to NAD and the idea is we do know that as you age that ratio of NAD to NADH goes down and so part of the thinking is well and this is outside of the Sirtun pathway but this is upstream of that but if that you give more of either the precursor or NAD you're basically fixing something that is getting worse as you age yeah so that I mean the the question is why does it go down and that's I think there's multiple reasons for that at least that's been shown literature NAD is a very important co-factor for mitochondria I mean obviously mitochondria are making NADH and that hydrogen the proton is used and electrons are used to basically generate energy through the electron transport chain and it's also generating the mitochondrial membrane potential by kicking out the the proton so that that's really important for mitochondrial function respiratory function energy production which is like the key of everything right but in addition to that you have as you mentioned Sirtunans which are histone deocetylases which have a whole host of functions that they're doing regulating tons and tons of different pathways they're also seem to be very important for health span and then in addition to that there's very important DNA repair enzyme part that literally sinks up NAD I mean it's like an NAD sink I mean you know so you know we're constantly having damage to it. Where does it reside that enzyme? Where in the cell? Yeah is it nuclear it must be yeah and the reason I ask is how do we know that these supplements that we take orally are going to actually reach their bioavailability in the place we want them. Right. Okay but that said we'll come back to that after. I think it's in the nucleus I mean it would be a sense to be there but yeah. Otherwise it shuttles there but I think it is so it's very important for repairing you know DNA damage and so that's one of the major sinks and actually inflammation all these things are kind of upstream of part activation so the more that's happening the more part being activated so you kind of have you have NAD going there. So one argument just to make sure I understand what you're saying is look if you're getting older you're going to have more DNA damage that's just stochastic and if your little guy that repairs it requires NAD as fuel that would explain one reason potentially why NAD would decline as we age. Yeah and it's certainly a sink for it yeah and the other so the other thing is well if your immune system is constantly you know activated too if you're more inflammation you have all that energy is required so NAD is being consumed more for that as well so that's sort of another sink basically NAD levels decline with age and it's probably because it's just getting used up more or the other the alternative is you know is there's something else going on in terms of like this whole salvage pathway there's another pathway that you can do to regenerate NAD and if that's kind of going wrong and I think there's some increasing evidence for that as well. Would that make metformin a bad idea from this standpoint because metformin inhibits complex one so metformin lowers the ratio of NAD to NAD to NADH. Does it has that been shown so you're saying it should lower it? It should lower it now of course that's counterintuitive because we know it activates AMPK so I probably have to sit down and think about this but we do know metformin inhibits complex one and we know that complex one turns NADH to NAD which makes me wonder does is it possible that metformin would impair DNA repair through that mechanism by reducing substrate? I have no idea. Well I'm gonna write that down that's a bit of an effort to look into because I wasn't aware of the and I didn't understand that link about yeah yeah I think that's a major one I literally think that's a major thing for it I think that the part is I think it's just like going there. Yeah so the animal evidence you mentioned some of this supplements you know precursors I can form NAD I think that the animal evidence suggests that it can at least enroll in improved health span particularly in models with like that are heavily dependent on mitochondria like muscle myopathy models or something like that I think that was one and also the brain so I think those are the two the two organs I've seen like major positive effects with with NAD supplementation and then there's some of course pilot clinical studies showing that yes you can take for example Nikotana Med Rice, riboside and it does seem to increase NAD levels in plasma and a dose dependent manner now again you raise that up. We have no idea if it's getting in the building. What is it getting in the cell? Is it getting in the mic? Now we do know in animal studies I think that has been shown because it's affecting the mitochond like I said those animal models of myopathy and stuff in mitochondrial function was improved and all that stuff so so in animal models it obviously is affecting mitochondrial function so it must be getting to the right place. I don't know why I have found myself kind of skeptical of this. I think it's good to start with skepticism I mean I think that NAD levels are you can you can increase them with fasting so when you fast you know as you mentioned you convert NAD into NADH in the presence of of energy because that's basically when you have a substrate like glucose or fatty acid that's when you produce NADH or FADH too. So in the absence of those substrates then you start to your NAD starts to build up so back to your metformin question. You said I know who to ask I definitely know I'm going to ask Nav Chendell he will know the answer to this question. I follow a lot of his work when I was in graduate of him, Ralph G. Bardinis I did because I was doing a lot of cancer metabolism, my mitochondrial function and stuff so I had followed a lot of this work. Do you have NADH's book Nav the Gating Metabels? No I don't. No I just used to read his papers back when I was a graduate school just. Yeah so Nav and David Sabotini were in town a couple of weeks ago and I was leaving town the day they were coming in the town so we hung out for three hours near the airport and I was just reminded of how much fun it is to talk about mitochondria. Yeah. For sure. What is the most interesting question you feel you don't yet know the answer to but you feel is noable that you're sort of actively putting in lots of your clock cycles on thinking about? I would really like to know if for example someone who is like myself who and I don't have a lot of body fat I'm active I eat a pretty healthy diet you know I don't smoke I don't have any of those bad habits if I were to do a prolonged fast a couple of days a year would that truly have an effect on increasing my stem cell production potentially you know getting rid of any dysfunctional immune cells dysfunctional liver cells dysfunctional whatever you know muscle cells and and repopulating them with like healthy new cells like basically this rejuvenation like could I get this like burst of rejuvenation a couple times a year and would that have in turn have an effect on delaying the onset of age related diseases improving my health span you know keeping my stem cells less damage that would be very interesting to me because to me that's something that's very doable for myself I mean the experiment to figure that out is different because it's you know in humans and so that's going to be really hard you have to figure out like if you can even look at certain biomarkers to know that but I feel like that would be something that's so easy for someone to do it's interested in longevity and you think it would be sort of once or twice a year doing like a five day water only mineral in the end well the question is how often yeah and how long of it like so you know we have a lot of the studies coming out of animal data which even these these rodents they lose 20% of their body weight after a 40-hour water fast yeah I find it hard to infer anything from rodents when it comes to fasting because of this exact reason it's like either even the J Mitchell stuff I talked about earlier I mean I think it's an interesting proof of concept but I don't actually know how you would apply that to humans right so the question is it's like okay so if you have a 48-hour fast in a rodent or a magnet that's human as a base sensor yeah so I guess I'll expand my sort of answer that question like maybe do a prolonged water fast like time what's the frequency what's the duration to get the maximum benefit yeah and I am specifically interested in this shrinking of the organs and then regrowing like this potential robust activation of stem cells clearing away you know we're not just talking about claring away damaged mitochondria pieces of DNA protein which is all really great you are getting that but well in theory in humans in addition to that I mean I'm talking about clearing with a damage to the whole cell like just getting rid of it and replacing it with a brand new young healthy cell like that's what I'm interested in you know I would I would love to you know even just the hope that that's possible you know based off of some of the pilot studies that multistending humans and certainly the the animal evidence like I'm convinced I'm going to at least try because it seems it seems very possible I know I know that he is trying to find the best biomarkers to look at for you know stem cell activation so it's not quite as straightforward can't just you know harvest a bunch of tissues and and look at things but I certainly have gotten some anecdotes from people that have had autoimmune like diseases and things said that fastings like completely reversed some of it like like X amount or something yeah you know no it's weird it's you know where it's anecdotal but certainly when you start to have enough people saying the same thing it's like wow that's interesting that you've heard that five five or six times now yeah I think that would that's a good one I guess I think of a very similar question with rap a mice and rap a mice and yeah what what does and what frequency to produce the best longevity seen at you know the interesting thing with the rap a mice and is the effect on the senescent cells like that's so interesting to me I didn't know really about that until I listened to your podcast with Judas yeah she's amazing she's really she's really she's really great very knowledgeable in the whole senescent field yeah I had no I had no idea either the life's expanding effect is is that males only or was it both males no male and females and it's across I mean it's it's everything from yeast to worms to flies to mammals I mean it's the only drug that's uniformly extended life across a billion years of evolution I mean and there's really interesting work I mean I think Matt Cable and talk about some of my spanner are we talking medium actually and the mice it was I don't think I'm back in the book I'd probably in it's most of the time it's medium but yeah yeah and it was interesting in the mice as they started late in life they started at 600 days which is you know that's about 60 years old yeah that's like starting is with a small that was really late in life for the for the mice yeah it was wow that is that is very interesting so Cable and's work do you know Matt at the University of Washington he is giving rap and mice into dogs but these are pets right so these are not laboratory animals which is what makes it really interesting is you've got animals that live in our environment that are and dogs sort of have a very predictable demise right they're either going to be you know dying in accident be you've been I have cardium iopathy or die of cancer that's basically how dogs die and the cardimiaopathy that they get is not an atherosclerotic cardium iopathy they get a cardimiaopathy where the muscles are actually just getting weaker and weaker and their rejection fraction is going down and in studies as short as 12 weeks they're seeing a 10 percent increase in ejection fraction of these dogs and so the question is how much of that is working through syncesses just selectively knocking out syncess and cells and letting myocytes regenerate yeah that study out of the myoclank where they they did some drug that selectively targeted syncess and it led to 20 percent increase in median lifespan certain sort of an interesting proof of principle how just well that was in I think an accelerated aging model so they had accumulated more syncess and so obviously they had to do something like that but um but it all comes back to this idea of specificity and selection you know everything we've talked about if you really stop to think about it comes down to how could you target this tissue and leave that tissue alone or how could you target this cell and leave that cell alone and the in many ways I think that's kind of got to be the next frontier here is you know even if you think about something as crude as chemotherapy it is not hard to kill a cancer cell with a chemical that's trivial it's hard to kill a cancer cell and not a normal cell and that's why chemotherapy obviously targets rapidly dividing cells and it's still very crude but the stuff we're talking about is like taking that to the next level which is how could you get this enzyme to work more efficiently but in this subset of cell you know just in the muscle but not in the fat or not in the liver and then yeah and that's again where the fasting is just so impressive to me the fact that you know all the normal cells is you're enhancing all these stress response pathways so the chemo drug becomes that most more less you know efficacious like it's like almost like a lower dose because it's like got these robust anti-apoptotic and anti stress response genes that are dealing with that sort of stress and so it's like it can take the toxic and so because of that upregulation that fasting is doing and the cancer cell just can so I'm I'm so glad that that works being done I hope that there is more funding that goes in that area I think that it is a really important area of research again like I said for the you know this is and this is all from from Voltares work and some of his colleagues that's I'm just kind of like the fan girl you know but I'm certainly I'm happy someone's doing that research and I would love to see that be used as a standard of care some day for sure so around it many people listening to this will know everything about where to find you but for the let's assume there's someone here who this is their first time meeting you where can they learn more about you and how can they interact with you? I have a podcast it's called Found My Fitness you can find it on iTunes and on my website found my fitness.com all the episode pages there with links to the video which in your video is are remarkable because you put so much work into actually like a podcast like this unfortunately we're too lazy like I'm not going to actually do much except create show notes but on yours it's like it's like a Khan Academy right it's like everything is being explained in the video as well like yeah I think yeah it's explained the the figures definitions and all that are there in the video and also and I think we're having now definitions and stuff on the website so people can the the goal is to definitely showcase you know a lot of the the researchers and scientists that I interview and also educate people as well so found my fitness someone I choose and my website and social media you can find me on them and what do you like most is Twitter the easiest place for people to get through Twitter Facebook Instagram I'm on all of them but yeah and what's your handle found my fitness that's all found my fitness yeah so you were ahead of me on this like you you immediately recognize the value of exercise I'm a late comrade of this I mostly from from personal experience I realize I was like this is like this is great for my brain and from there I just kind of got dove into it was convinced yeah for sure run I can't thank you enough this has been awesome I don't suspect it's the last time we'll talk about this stuff so until next time awesome you can find all of this information and more at peteratiamed.com forward slash podcast there you'll find the show notes readings and links related to this episode you can also find my blog and the nerds of barri at peteratiamed.com what's a nerds of barri you ask just click on the link at the top of the site to learn more maybe the simplest thing to do is to sign up for my subjectively non-laying once a week email where I'll update you on what I've been up to the most interesting papers I've read and all things related to longevity science, performance, sleep, etc. on social you can find me on Twitter Instagram and Facebook all with the ID, Peter, atia, and but usually Twitter is the best way to reach me to share your questions in comments. now for the obligatory disclaimer this podcast is for general informational purposes only does not constitute the practice of medicine, nursing or other professional health care services including the giving of medical advice and note no doctor-patient relationship is formed. the use of this information and the materials link to the podcast is at the user's own risk. the content of this podcast is not intended to be a substitute for professional medical advice, diagnoses or treat. users should not disregard or delay in obtaining medical advice for any medical condition they have and should seek the assistance of their health care professionals for any such conditions. lastly and perhaps most importantly I take conflicts of interest very seriously for all of my disclosures. the company's I invest in and or advise please visit Peter Atia md.com forward slash about.