Hey everyone, welcome to the Peter Atia Drive. I'm your host, Peter Atia. The drive is a result of my hunger for optimizing performance, health, longevity, critical thinking, along with a few other as obsessions I've gathered along the way. I've spent the last several years working with some of those successful top performing individuals in the world. And this podcast is my attempt to synthesize what I've learned along the way to help you with a higher quality, more fulfilling life. If you enjoy this podcast, you can find more information on today's episode and other topics at PeterAtiaMD.com. In this podcast, I'm speaking with Dr. Ron Krauss. First and foremost, Ron is a very close friend and an amazing mentor. I was introduced to Ron probably five years ago and have worked with him closely in a number of capacities and he's always served as sort of one of the three or four lipatologists that when I get stumped on a really difficult clinical case, he's the person that I'm reaching out to along with a couple of these other folks that hopefully will also have on the podcast at some point. So he is certainly recognized globally for his research in lipatology. He wears a ton of hats. He's a clinician. Obviously, lipatologist, his interest in nutrition, genetics, drug research is quite profound. He obtained, I believe both his college degrees and medical degrees from Harvard. He's board certified in internal medicine, and her chronology in metabolism. And currently, he's a senior scientist and the director of Athosclorosis research at the Children's Hospital in Oakland. So in this episode, we talk about a lot of stuff, but obviously we're really focusing on Athosclorosis and cardiovascular disease. I was really excited to have this discussion with him because a lot of these topics, I've certainly covered in writing. As some of you may know, I have that sort of nine part straight dope on cholesterol series on the blog that I probably wrote about four or five years ago. Obviously, some of that's a little bit outdated. And I also was quite deliberate when I wrote that not to be prescriptive, meaning I don't really get into this is the drug treatment you would do for this. And I largely avoided a lot of that stuff, whereas in this podcast, Ron and I get a little bit into this. This podcast was pretty technical at times. So my hope is that both the curious patient will get a lot out of that. And hopefully the physician will get a lot out of this or the person that is also kind of on the front lines of having to make decisions about how to treat dyslipidemia and reduce the risk of Athosclorotic disease. I think a couple of really interesting things in this. I actually for the first time learned about Ron's motivation for this, both his family history and the five legendary articles that he read in the England Journal of Medicine that largely shaped his career. This is the stuff we talk about with Friedrichs and Levy and Leaves who I've written about in the cholesterol series because these guys are sort of the fathers of this space. We certainly get into one of the age-old debates about LDL particle size versus particle number, lots of controversy here. And I don't represent that we've necessarily resolved it. But I think that's the beauty of talking with really smart sophisticated nuanced people is they have the humility to say we don't know the answer sometimes. We really dive deep into the whole statin discussion. For reasons that aren't entirely clear to me, this has become an increasingly controversial area and somehow it's turned into a binary discussion. Statins are good or statins are bad and very few things in life tend to be that binary. So I'm sort of surprised that it's turned into that. I don't remember if I even say this on the podcast but certainly have people who probably heard me say this before and I say it to patients all the time. The answer tools and the most important thing when you have a tool is knowing how to use it and knowing when to use it. So if you have a Philip screwdriver, it's really important to know that it's very good at putting Philip's screws into things. It's not good at putting nails into things. It's not good at cleaning windows. So I hope we can shed some light on that. We talk a little bit about the really interesting and recent stuff around chronic inflammation and the role that that plays in Athoscarosis even independent of cholesterol levels. And perhaps for me personally, one of the most interesting things we discussed was another very controversial topic which is around Niacin and Niacin, which is a branded version of that. Which those of you who follow this world will know that Niacin was basically kicked to the curb a couple of years ago. And I think that Ron's insights into that are incredibly interesting and actually have even made me re-question or reevaluate, I guess, my willingness to ever consider using it again. Ron does a great job explaining the HDL paradox, meaning why is it that all the pharmacologic efforts to raise HDL seem to also raise heart disease or at best make it no better. And finally we end with a discussion of PCSK9 inhibitors which I suspect will have a completely dedicated podcast to this topic at some point. And we touch on LP little A though later on in the release of this podcast, we're going to have a dedicated discussion on LP little A. Okay. So with all that said, you can find a ton more information including a lot of links to the papers that Ron has mentioned more information about Ron in the show notes which are at Peter at tmd.com forward slash podcast. So without further ado, here is my conversation with Dr. Ron Krauss. Well, I'm here with Dr. Ron Krauss today and this is a really exciting topic for me. People know I've written about this a lot. I talk about this a lot clinically, but the genesis of this discussion today is that about a month ago, I called Ron to have a discussion with him about one of my patients in particular. It was a patient who had a pretty elevated calcium score if I recall pretty significant LAD calcifications. That's an artery in the left side of the heart. But he was very hesitant to do any treatment and he wanted to second opinion. So I thought we should involve Ron and Ron, I remember I was sitting in my kitchen. We spoke for probably half an hour and at the end of the conversation I said, you know, Ron, I wish we recorded that conversation because this is exactly the kind of stuff that I think a lot of physicians and patients would benefit from. And so I said, you know, why don't we do this again more formally and that brings us here today. Let's start with a big question, but an important one for where we're going. And that's basically the pathophysiology of atherosclerosis. A very recent review article I read described quite eloquently as a smoldering inflammatory condition fueled by lipids. What does that mean? Well, first of all, thank you, Peter, for asking me to talk with you today and address this topic, which is, you know, I have a deep and long standing interest in. Hopefully, I can address the issues that you're also interested in. And we'll have a good conversation. Well, as we're going to discuss, of course, is the underlying process that leads ultimately to vascular disease, particularly clinically-fenced heart attack and stroke. It starts in childhood as well known that there is early on the buildup of cholesterol in the artery wall that forms what's called fatty streaks. And that's a process that's actually a fairly normal condition, even in young people. And if it doesn't progress any further than that, it's really not hazardous. It's a way that arterial tissue can put cholesterol in itself and some of that cholesterol is actually used for various purposes. So that's not necessarily a pathologic process, but it can progress. And when it progresses, there is a combination of factors that conspire to make that fatty streaks into a much more toxic process. And it is fueled by lipids, the same lipids that lead to a fatty streak. But under conditions that many of us live under, there are changes in the lipoproteins that are taken up by the artery. And we'll talk about those in more detail in a minute. In particular susceptibility to oxidation and the change in the properties that allows them to stick more tightly to the artery wall. And when that happens, particularly the oxidative changes, it does trigger inflammation as a very early part of this next phase of the disease process. And inflammation is defined in one way as the accumulation of cells in the artery wall that deliver various inflammatory molecules, things that ordinarily, if one bruises oneself or has some sort of an injury. Those inflammatory processes cause redness and accumulation in some cases of clotting factors. When that happens in the artery, that can convert this fatty streak into something that is much more milder. And then there is a process that kind of feeds on itself. And it does involve platelets and clotting factors in an important way and involves a number of inflammatory molecules. And if there's continuing input of these bad, anthropogenic, if you will, lipoprotein particles, that can actually change the nature of the plaque and inflammation comes into play in a very serious way when that results in a breakdown of the surface of the plaque, which ordinarily protects it from any kind of serious consequences. So even fatty streak in development to a plaque in a plaque in this case is essentially a larger fatty streak. The plaque has a cholesterol, but it also has all these other cells. It's a much more complex phenomenon. So that plaque is ordinarily, relatively benign conditions encapsulated by a fibers layer. But inflammation in the release of various molecules can cause that fibers cap that protective cap to weaken an ultimately potentially rupture. And when that rupture occurs, that is the beginning of the end in terms of the process that we're talking about here. These cases of heart attack and stroke involve this type of acute rupture and ultimately formation of a clot that blocks the arterial flow. So starting from a relatively benign process, this can develop into something that's much more serious. Now when I was in medical school, I remember in first year pathology lecture, the pathologist said, let's see a show of hands. What is the most common first presentation of heart disease? And you know, everybody puts up their hands and says a chest pain left shoulder pain, shortness of breath, and he said, no, no, no, no, no, no, it's sudden death. Yeah. That was a little over 20 years ago. Is that still true today? The estimates I've heard and I think this is arguable because these are really rough rule of thumb calculations somewhere in the range of 30 percent, passing past the upper to 30 percent, which is still a huge number. It's staggering. It means that one third of people's first brush with the knowledge that they have at the risk of the virus is death. And I have patients, and I'm sure you do as well, who have died and come back. And so there is this process where there's an acute event that causes an irreversible change, but for some people, fortunately, we can bring them back. But together, that represents really the basis for calling this disease the silent killer. Because as you're saying, we don't, in those patients, have a mandatory symptom. Sometimes in retrospect, they are there. And that's the important reason for educating the public as organizations like the American Heart Association does as to the first signs of heart disease, because it may be, and it probably is true that a significant component of that 30 percent. Right. Upon further querying, there was some exercise intolerance in the right. And it's very hard sometimes. One of the things that we'll be talking about is ways of assessing risk. And those are still in perfect. We can't with 100 percent certainty use any kind of risk predictor to know if someone is destined to have heart attack with certainty. Yeah, you said something at the outset, which is this is a disease that begins in Infancy. And I, I, one of the, I have very few textbooks and or papers that are, I refer to so frequently that they actually sit on my desk in my office, so that every time I'm with a patient, I can pull them out. But one of them was a book that was given to me by one of my mentors. I consider you a great mentor, Tom Dase, bringing a great mentor out in Snyder, and a great mentor, and Alan gave me this textbook of pathology. I think believe it's story is the, the author. And while I believe that data represented there are somewhat dated because it was largely based on the Vietnam cohort and Korean. Yes, where obviously smoking would have been a higher prevalence than today. Right. The fact remains that when you look at autopsies of young people who died of unrelated reasons, homicides, accidents, et cetera, and you look at the histologic sections of their coronary arteries, it's amazing how many of them have lesions that are type three or beyond type three, meaning obviously a type of pathological region where you go beyond fatty street. Yes, indeed. That's right. So a subset of these youths will have more advanced lesions and the studies have been done. I have linked all of the usual risk factors, smoking certainly diabetes, hypertension, and dyslopidemia all of and the in a lipid disorder, all of those have been associated with the more advanced lesions and those individuals. So is your point out even even a more significant plaque development in a current childhood? I think the thing that's hard for people to understand, and I think it's true of most chronic diseases, but I don't think any disease is as clear as it is with atherosclerosis, which is the compounding nature of the disease. You know, another great example of one of those questions that the professor asks that gets everybody stumped, which is what's the greatest risk for heart disease? You know, is it smoking? Nope. Is it high blood pressure? Nope. Is it dyslopidemia? Nope. It's age. That's right. It's age. I mean, and why is it age because it's exposure? It's time. It's area under the curve. Yeah, that's exactly true. You know, age, regardless of a risk factor, or the cuts across many of the diseases, chronic diseases that we have to deal with, cancer, for example. And yeah, that's right. It's a cumulative process that can progress at various rates, depending the condition. So people, as you know, when we talk about, we have genetically elevated, severely elevated cholesterol levels, we'll have that process accelerate and have the disease so up clinically early on, sometimes with these severe genetic disorders and the teens, whereas others, most of the population, fortunately, who do have risk factors, show a gradual increase in the manifestation of disease as a result of those risk factors as a function of their age. You know, at last check, and I can't remember if it was jamma or another journal, but it was about a year ago, and they looked at some actuarial data for people out through being past centenarians. And the only disease, once you normalized for a few things, the only disease that increased monotonically by decade in risk was atherosclerosis. From childhood, yeah. Yeah, even cancer, actually, you know, by think by the ninth decade, it started to come down. Yeah, you know what, yeah, it's right. It's definitely the latency period for cancer also is the factor there as well. So there's this sort of latency period, nothing happens in all of a sudden in all of the research, it pops up. I'm sure a lot of people listening to this are going to say, okay, well, God, I'm really confused by half the terms you guys just use. So let's unpack some of them. Beginning with, we use the terms sometimes lipid, cholesterol, like the protein. We throw those terms around interchangeably, but I think it's probably important to give the average person a sense of an understanding. So what is LDLC versus LDLP versus APOB of things like that? Sure. The underlying concept that we are going to address is cholesterol because that's really the compound. It's the molecule that winds up causing plaques. So cholesterol is indeed an important component of the plaque and it gets into the plaque by uptake of cholesterol from lipoprotein particles. And so lipoproteins are complex, spherical macromolecules, big guys, which come in varying sizes, and are composed of cholesterol along with other lipids, such as tracliss ride, and most importantly, perhaps for distinguishing the various types of lipoproteins, is their protein content. So there's a variety of different proteins that form the package that actually it capsule around the lipid. So let me interrupt you for one second. Is it just a point at clarification? The reason we even need these lipoproteins is that cholesterol is hydrophilic. It's like a pertene hydrophobic. It repels water. And so therefore to move cholesterol through the bloodstream, you have to package it in something that is hydrophilic or dissolves in water. And correct? Yeah. And for the techno files here, it's the cholesterol ester. So there's a, yes, it forms a cholesterol and it's the fatty form of cholesterol is cholesterol ester. The other form is more waxy. So the fatty form is transported right from one tissue to another. And that is the purpose of lipoprotein not just cholesterol, of course, but tracliss or as I mentioned, perhaps more importantly for many functions and energy metabolism. And other compounds are just phospholipid. As well as passengers on the truck, certain vitamins, et cetera. So these are packages that serve an important biological function. They're not here to cause heart attacks. We divide them into various categories, but the common parlance that sort of the most typical way that we think about cholesterol as a pathologic factor is when it's on LDL. So that's called LDL cholesterol. And that measures the amount of cholesterol on an LDL particle. And LDL is low density lipoprotein. So this is a form of lipoprotein that is characterized by size. And it's also characterized by its density, which is related to its capacity to float. Because there's, when there's fat in anything, it causes the thing to float. And that's to very degrees defines different classes of lipoprotein. And it's the LDL that is the most strongly connected to cardiovascular disease risk. And the cholesterol in LDL, which is measured commonly clinically as LDL cholesterol, is what has been most widely associated with cardiovascular risk. And forms the basis for many of our recommendations for lowering risk. But it's important to recognize that this is a tag on a much more complex substance of a particle. And this will talk about, I think, very shortly. Particle is what causes the plaque to develop. And it brings the cholesterol with it. So the LDL particle, the low density lipoprotein itself, this spherical molecule, or macromolecule, which carries around cholesterol, fossil lipid, triglyceride, it has a signature on it, doesn't it? Something called APOB100. That's right. The key protein that holds this particle together that allows it to form a sphere and to encapsulate the lipid cargo is called APOB protein B. There are two major forms of APOB. The one that's found in LDL, particles is called APOB100. And oftentimes that is used as a surrogate for measuring LDL. Particle concentration, this will talk about. And this is a big clinical distinction. I think it is safe to say, at least in my, you know, relatively modest sampling of physicians. Most physicians let alone most patients are not really clear on the distinction between the number when they say LDL is 100. They don't necessarily realize what they're saying is the LDL cholesterol is 100 milligrams per deciliter, meaning if you took all of the LDL particles in the body, smash them apart, gather the cholesterol, ester, the mass per unit volume is 100. And free cholesterol. And that's, yes. And that's very different from saying how many of these particles do we have. That's right. And that's important. And so that observation really forms a very significant component of my history in this field because I entered the field as a young fellow, knowing about LDL cholesterol, I was interested in diet effects and drug effects and heart disease. But I learned about lipoproteins actually from a group of investigators in Berkeley, California, who were part of a team that initially identified lipoprotein particles. And over the course of the next 10 or so years, I dug into that knowledge and discovered that there are subtypes of the various forms of LDL as well as other lipoproteins which we can talk about perhaps in a few minutes. But focusing on the LDL, there can be variation in the amount of cholesterol that is carried on the LDL particle. But there's only one APOB per LDL. So APOB represents a pretty good signature for an LDL particle. It is found on some other particles, but it's primarily on LDL. But the amount of cholesterol attached to that APOB as part of this particle can vary as can other lipoprotein components. And that results in variation in both the size, as I mentioned, and the density. So that some forms of LDL have less cholesterol. And some have more cholesterol. The ones that have less cholesterol are smaller, generally, and the ones that have more cholesterol are larger. But they all have one APOB protein B. So there can be an important clinical consequence of focusing on LDL cholesterol to the exclusion of APOB because it's the particle that is really the agent of damage in the artery. And measuring LDL cholesterol can under represent the number of LDL particles compared with the measurement of APOB protein B or APOB, which is a much better measure than number of particles. And when individuals have smaller particles because of this variation in lipid content, they are actually at high risk of heart disease because those particles have that render them more pathologic, more toxic. So there's a double whammy. If you have small particles, first of all, clinical measurement of LDL cholesterol may under represent the number of particles. And furthermore, those particles themselves are considered by many, although there's still not total consensus on this point, to have greater pathologic properties. So let's use a specific example. So if a patient has a blood cholesterol level, and let's just assume it's LDL calculate a measure directly, not even calculated. And the LDL cholesterol is 100 milligrams per desoliter. At the framing hand population, that would place them at about the 20th percentile. But let's say that patient has an LDL particle number of 141300 nanomole per liter. And of course, in the units that tells you it's a number per unit volume, that places them at the 50th percentile. Now, at least to me, the literature is very clear on, in the case of discordance, which of the two is driving risk. I think both the Mesa population, the multi-ethnic study of Athoscarosis, and the framing hand, and framing hand offspring study, make it very clear that risk is tracking with the number of particles, not the cholesterol concentration. Do you agree with that or are my missing some? No, the data are out there. And just to take a step back, LDL cholesterol, that clinical measurement, has worked reasonably well for a significant subset of the population as a marker for LDL particles, because most individuals have particles somewhere in the middle of the LDL size and density range, and the cholesterol content in those particles, is fairly proportional to the number of LDL particles. But where things break down is the increasing proportion of the population who have different LDL particle distributions. You need to consider that higher LDL particles with normal LDL cholesterol, which I will answer your question. Yes, it was associated with an increase in risk. This is not reflected by LDL cholesterol. So that is the discordance we're talking about on the high end and conversely individuals who have high LDL cholesterol, but normal levels of A, B, will tend to have disproportionate the less heart disease risk than would be predicted from the LDL cholesterol. So that's the discordance, which I think is pretty well demonstrated in a significant subset of the population at both ends. But underlying that, and again, there's some debate on this issue, it certainly reflects the numbers of particles. And that is the bottom line, but it also reflects the types of those particles. So there's really two features that both ends of that distribution. Smaller, cholesterol, good particles associated with discordance, that the localest role that HIPAA protein B ratio and conversely larger LDL particles associated with less risk at the other end. And there may be systemic factors here at play, because you know, there's some pretty, I think pretty widely accepted data now. I think 10 years ago this was a little more obscure, but one of the greatest drivers of the discordance in the wrong direction, meaning the LDL particle is disproportionately higher than the LDL cholesterol, is metabolic syndrome. In fact, there's a very beautiful graph that I've written about at some point in my blog that talks about how based on anywhere from 0 to 5 of the characteristics that an individual has at metabolic syndrome, the proportion of discordance goes up. So it also could be that as discordance rises, risk rises because of the other factors such as hyper-insulinemia, which itself may contribute to entomal damage, inflammation, and other things. Is that possible? It is absolutely possible and likely to be true. So this brings up a pattern, like a protein pattern that I will take some credit for having to find in my own way about 25 years ago, 27 years ago, and now called the Atharogenic Dislipidemia, Atharogenic Lipoprotein phenotype, which is a constellation of lipid changes that includes higher triglyceride, lower HDL cholesterol. So that's the cholesterol in the protective form of lipoproteins being deficient and a predominance of smaller LDL particles. And so that triad, that lipid triad has defined average genetic dyslopinemia, and it folds right into the metabolic syndrome. Right, two of those three make up two of your five. That's right. Criteria for metabolic syndrome, which for the listener would be low HDL cholesterol, high triglyceride, high fasting, glucose, high blood pressure, and girth basically obese. Exactly. Drunkal obese. Yeah. So I remember being part of the discussions where that metabolic syndrome was defined. This syndrome acts. This is very interesting. Yeah, well, that started with insulin resistance, this is centerpiece. You can put various molecules in various processes, through the center. They all contribute. And as you point out, in hyperincinemia, associated with insulin resistance is likely another marker of another process related to glucose metabolism and its consequences. And then the blood pressure connection is an intriguing one, but that's also part of it. But a lot of that is driven by increased girth. I mean, it's sort of of the five conditions. The one that I think is the most prevalent underlying factor that these two, the development of metabolic syndrome, is increased abdominal fat, which is associated with increased. Specific ways of cholesterol fat. This is what we're going to do around the internal organs. And you can have metabolic syndrome without that, but the vast majority of people that certainly Caucasians. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And non-cocations, populations such as the Stations, who don't have increased waste, still can have increased fat internally, as part of the syndrome. But it's probably acting on an underlying genetic predisposition, which is very common. And so, and there's many other factors that come into play as part of the syndrome. But I would say that just the pedemia is probably both clinically and pathologically the one that I think has the most substance in terms of a direct causal connection to cardiovascular disease. Yeah. And you know, I'll tell you, it's a very interesting historical footnote, uh, Gary Tobs, a mutual friend of ours. And I don't know if this actually was any any of his books, or I might have read this in one of the outtakes. But it was an interesting footnote, which was basically at the time of the framing him study, which I'm talking about the very, very first framing him study, which was really a two-part study. Of course, one of the things that came out of that study was that low HDL cholesterol and high triglycerides was four times more predictive of athroscarosis than elevated LDL cholesterol. Now, that rings true with what we just said about metabolic syndrome. Now, we're in the five criteria of metabolic syndrome was high LDLC. It's low HDLC and high trig. But it's interesting that the LDL cholesterol story really took off. And at least Gary argued, I believe if I'm remembering the argument, that part of that had to do with the fact that the kind of blank on the name of the trial, the first trial, there was the LRCCP, but then there was the one before it, uh, it had a funny name, like, improve it or somebody wasn't. It was like, no, it was a trial of fibroid, the fibroid trial was LRCCP. No, that was that was close to our meeting. So I think that's when you think, okay, okay, I think you're thinking of this LRC. Yeah, I was, I was, so part of the writing, yeah, that's where I got my training in, uh, but it's, uh, before I came out to Berkeley, actually, that's what I got my first dose. And that study was going on at that time and there was a lot of a nail biting. Well, and, and in the argument here was look, we kind of spent, we lost a decade and a half between say 1980 and 1995, when we missed the role of insulin resistance because we really went down this LDL cholesterol rabbit hole and didn't necessarily see the bigger picture. Yeah. And one of the things I hope we have time to talk about today because it actually something that I spend more time scratching my head about than anything else is you look at a drug like niacin, which lowers apoB, LDLC, and raises HDLC. So in theory, it's doing everything in the right direction and yet when it comes to outcomes, it's a very confusing picture. So maybe later on this afternoon, we can get to that because I think that's there's going to be some rich info in there. If you put that on a table, I'll be happy to pick it up when you're ready. I'm ready to lunch with that. I cannot wait. We're definitely going to do that. Okay. Let's talk a little bit about a paper that you were an author on this year. It was the European Athrosclerosis Society consensus statement. Now, you and I were joking about this a while ago that you almost couldn't believe this paper needed to be written, but sometimes there's a benefit in writing it in. What was the conclusion of that paper? Or more to the point consensus statement. It was more than just a paper. I mean, it was really a four to four. So this this paper assembled a multiple lines of evidence addressing the question. This LDL causes heart disease. It's LDL a causal factor for heart disease. And just to be clear, the counter argument is sure people with high LDL are more likely to get heart disease that can't be disputed. The epidemiology is clear. The counter argument is but LDL is not a causal role. That's right. And it's associated with that efforts to lower LDL cholesterol are not fully justified as a means of attacking the cause. I don't want to be responsible for having stated that incorrectly because I still can't quite believe anybody would hold that opinion. But that was my understanding that led to the coming together to counteract that perception that lowering LDL was not beneficial. But there are there are many people. I mean, not that I spent terrible amounts of time on Twitter, but it's a pretty commonly held view at least in the vocal minority that loved to write about this and talk about this that hey, LDL cholesterol is in myth. Right. Heart disease has nothing to do with this. And the problem is and it's a comment on the paper to some extent. But I'll tell you there is a second component to that effort that is still being written. It was planned and will be a two part series. The first part is assembling all the evidence from epidemiology, clinical trials, genetics, et cetera, the speak to the causality. And the second one was really relating all of this information to the role of LDL and the pathophysiology of Athroscrosis and that paper is working progress. But it clearly goes to papers assemble just about all the evidence when needs to support the use of LDL cholesterol. And when will that second paper be out? I can't tell you you don't even need to take on longer. Yeah. We'll certainly link to the first one in the show notes because that was published in early 2008. Yeah, we expected next year or so. But one thing I do want to say because there's a caveat and part of my life as a researcher as well as a clinician is recognizing the complexity of what we're dealing with. In discussion such as this, it's important to keep the concepts straightforward and understandable to the best to be possible. But the flip side of that is the risk of oversimplifying a complex situation. So when I just said that the evidence is at lowering LDL cholesterol as beneficial, that's not always true. And so when complete if one is so inclined to the evidence that under certain conditions and certain populations with certain approaches, only LDL cholesterol does not result in reduced heart disease risk. And to the extent that you consider that to be a fatal flaw in the argument, that can be a, I think, brain misleading because it's not the fact is that LDL is causal, but there are other circumstances that modify that causality of the extent that some forms of LDL under certain conditions and this may not be uncommon can be elevated without pathologic consequences. And so lowering LDL in those cases may not get benefit. And that we know what there is heterogeneity and the clinical response when one looks at how do they ask your protection with LDL lowering treatment. So I have to absolutely extend the simple notion of LDL causality to saying that when has to look very carefully at the arguments against LDL causality because the latch on to piece, but this is piece of information that are really misleading. It's just because lowering LDL cholesterol is not always beneficial. It doesn't mean that LDL is not pathological. And the second component of that is the focus on LDL cholesterol that goes back to our initial discussion here today as a marker for a causal mechanism, but it's the particles that are causal and LDL cholesterol. As we just talked about, it's not always mirror the number of LDL particles. Now, I don't think we should necessarily take the time to go through the paper and incredible detail, but it did touch on eight criteria for causality, plausibility, strength, biological gradient, temporal sequence, the specificity, consistency, coherence, and then the relative risk reduction or risk reduction within intervention. Among those, I found the Mendelian randomization to also be very compelling. So, you know, when I talk about this with people, I generally talk about the natural experiments, such as the people with PCSK9 mutations, both hypofunction or gain of function loss of function PCSK9, the FH patients, the Mendelian randomization in the intervention. If you were going to bring up three points from the paper that you think probably are most relevant, what would they be? Well, you've just touched on probably the number one strongest argument. And it's really where we, those of us who have been in the field for decades, started with being impressed with the role of genetic elevations of LDL, very, very strong evidence. I would put that probably right at the top, and you talked about this condition, familiar hyperclistolemia, when there's two doses of an abnormal gene, the LDL, levels from skyrocket, I referred to that little while ago, as the condition that can lead to heart disease early in childhood is unequivocal. In fact, the reason I got a little bit taken it back by the need to do this more extensively, which I think, by the way, was quite a good exercise for both for those of us who didn't, and people hopefully would be to. But all you have to do is look at a eight-year-old child with cholesterol levels that are either nine times normal, whose candidate for liver and heart transplant, to know that that's it, that's causal. But the genetic support it beyond that. Right. Now in those cases, the genetic defect is one in the LDL receptor. Correct. So closing the loop on how this works, right? The body makes cholesterol. The body, you know, so every cell in the body makes cholesterol, then cholesterol gets recirculated, ends up mostly back in the liver. It gets secreted. Some of it in bile gets reabsorbed, and this process continues. But it's this LDL clearance. Most leave the LDL receptors in the liver that seems to be where a lot of these genetic things go awry. That's right. Yeah, the liver really is the factory, as well as the disposal plant, if you will. Most of the cholesterol that winds up in the blood is released in terms of in the lipoportines that are synthesized by the liver. And then they come back to the liver. Ultimately, after they've done their thing, so to speak, deliver their cargo or interacted with cells in various ways, and come back to the liver. And a large portion of that return is mediated by these receptors that latch onto a pobe. It's able be that is the kind of the key that binds to the lock that snaps up the LDL and the liver. And it grades it and it's not a biome. And that's the way we dispose of cholesterol. There are other mechanisms involving HDL. But the receptors are a key determinant, and new represent a mechanism by which most of the drugs that we use to lower cholesterol act to increase LDL receptor mediated disposal of LDL particles. I'm just going to connect that concept to something you brought up earlier. And that is the duration of exposure to, in this case, high levels of LDL. We talked about it as a function of age, the longer the, the reviewers, the longer the exposure. But there's also a dynamic aspect to LDL metabolism that we just touched on. That is particles are produced actually precursors of LDL, which are called the LDL. It's carried mostly, right? This is an apoporty and BS. Well, those particles are being actively secreted. They interact with peripheral tissues receptors and other transporters that handle various lipids in various ways. And like in enzymes, centers a lot of processing that goes on. And then what's left comes back the liver throughout the LDL receptors. Now, if that process happens riskically, if there is a nice fast turnover, if you will, of those particles, you can just see that there is less time for the arteries to be exposed to any of those pathologic forms of lipoportyings. They can be scooped up. But what underlies, at least to me, a common concept, a common underlying factor that connects a various lipid traits to heart disease risk is the extent to which they influence the circulation time. That is the length of time that a particle is circling in the blood. So that particles are not being cleared by LDL receptors. Efficiently, they will circulate longer and have more opportunities for mischief. What is the typical half-life of a VL-DL particle? So very low-density lipoproking, IDL, intermediate density, and low-density. I'm probably going to get this wrong beak, and this is where I don't want to have to go back and look at the textbook and I love it. Directionally. So particularly for a larger VL-DL, a track list, the half-life is half an hour an hour and two hours. It's pretty rapid, because that particle is rapidly subject to enzymatic digestion. Let me just jump to the LDL. So the LDL that are formed from those precursors, more like 12 to 24 hours, or longer. So it turns out that smaller particles have a longer mess in its time, because they are less avidly removed by LDL receptors. So there's a range of circulation times for LDL. In some cases, you know, days actually, and then IDL are somewhere in the middle. The intermediate density of that propoteins are ideal, which we're referring to. That's the step between VL-DL and LDL that is involved in their metabolism. So it's these longer exposure times, and these intermediate particles can include and do include very pathologic forms as well. And so there are disorders and metabolic syndrome coming back to that is one of them, where the clearance of those intermediate particles, which also comprise what we call remnants, partial breakdown products of the LDL on the way to forming LDL. Those intermediate particles can have much longer exposure times, and they can be subject to various pathologic effects involving oxidation and the position of partial digestion products of various lipids that cause them to be more toxic. And those particles can be damaging even with a shorter residence time because they're so toxic. So that gets into what I was referring to earlier, as somebody created complexity of beyond thinking just about LDL cholesterol, thinking about LDL particles, thinking about the types of LDL particles, in terms of the pathophysiology, and then also thinking about the role of these remnant lipoproteins. They all participate in this potential risk. And it comes down and it might be in the end to the length of time that a particle with certain pathologic effects is circulating in the blood. And this LDL cholesterol, LDL remnant problem is one that is unfortunately very often missed even by relatively astute clinicians. Your textbook case is these type 3s, these hyper triglyceridemia who have normal APOB, normal LDL, see you think they're relatively low risk. You sort of miss the fact that their VLDL cholesterol is 75 milligrams per desiliter and they have these just devastating, atherosclerotic plaques. Yeah and that was again one of my learning experiences when I was at the NIH, the NIH at a time with working with Dr. Fredrickson and Levy when the very least for the listener, it's important for them. I think to understand the luminaries that you just described. Right, Fredrickson and Levy and Lees, I mean let's put these guys in context right. This is you had people that figured out that there was this thing called cholesterol, but it was really those three that did the pioneering work in the 1970s that laid the groundwork for fractionating, figuring out all of the different subparables. 60s, late 60s. Yeah, no, late 60s. I'll just give you a slight anecdote since you paused me on this. I was always been interested in heart disease because it runs in my family. As a medical student, I read a series of five articles that was published in the New England Journal of Medicine and I think you're referring to the three authors, Fredrickson, Levy and Lees, that completely transformed me. It was a epiphany because those five articles describe lipid disorders in terms of genetic types, differing like protein profiles that had different metabolic effects, different consequences and very influenced differently by various diets. I thought this was absolutely the most important lead I can imagine. I made it my business when it came to deciding what I was going to do after my medical training is to come back Instagram, Dan Ayes from Work for Those Guys. I was fortunate enough to be able to do that. It was really in the era where what was called the Fredrickson typing system, identified these various forms and then when you just refer to the genetic forms of lipids that have been going off and always consider, it was called Type III and that was characterized by abnormalities in receptor mediated clearance of these remnants of particles through a mutation in April, protein E are varying in April, and that also was fascinating. I happened to be in California when the April E is where discovered. I sort of feel like one of these characters that shows up at the appropriate time. It was called the Ardridge Pep Diad initially. The history is just, I wrote a review actually of the early history of lap of protein research, which I would commend to the point that I was here last year. It was in a journal of the bit of research in 2016. If I just got a fan letter for that article because anybody that seriously interested in this field should probably understand the origins. In fact, I got a letter, we have to that paper was published. I got an email from Joe Goldstein who is the other one of the other livener icons in the field. He said, everybody that goes into the lipid research should be this paper. It's not a book. I don't make any money off of it. We're going to make sure that people want to get smart on that story. Anyway, piggyback to these remnants, I think particle for particle, the remnants are probably the most pathologic particles, because of this rampant ethoscrosis when there's elevation of remnants. Unfortunately, this condition of Type III is fairly weird. It's like one in 10,000. But it does illustrate the same analogy. I've seen certain, so I've seen you've seen something. Right. So yeah, what I was trying to say, actually initially what I was trying to say, when I was at NIH and my training, I saw all these things. All the types of them. You collected them. Yeah. I mean, patients who had the Type III, we had Type III, which was a serious elevation of triglyceride. Type II was familiar hyperclosed training. It goes on and on. Yes. And it's really striking. I tell my students, I've lecture on this to students at Berkeley. I show them pictures of what are called San Thomas, which are the positive cholesterol on lipids and tissues. And you have these very characteristic lesions that used to be rampant in patients before we had adequate recognition and treatment. As a manifestation of the underlying pathology that also affects the arteries, the cholesterol that winds up in the arteries can also break into the skin. And these are just very striking illustrations of the role of genetics. So it gets back to your earlier question, about causality. There are so many situations where genetics helps in establishing causality. And this certainly is one of them. After that, you asked me, what are one, two, and three, right? You asked me how many, what might my top three? I didn't answer that. And before we leave FH, I think the other nice thing about the PCSK9 mutation. You know, FH is only showing you the change in one direction. But with PCSK9, you see both directions. That's right. I believe the hyperfunctioning were the first people identified correct. Yes. So these people had an enzyme PCSK9. It hyperfunctioned. Therefore, it this enzymes one of its roles is to degrade the LDL receptor. And so they had fewer LDL receptors. They had more LDL. They looked a lot like FH patients. Correct? Yeah. Yeah. I'm just to begin for the technical who was in the phone. Oh, it's actually not an enzyme. It's kind of behaves like an enzyme. It actually drives LDL receptors into the garbage disposal machinery in the cell called lysosomes and causes the LDL receptors to be broken down. But it's the same end basaltus you get less LDL receptors higher LDL cholesterol. And then the mutations in the other direction are the ones that led to the development of PCSK9. The lysophunction, antibody is the PCSK9 mimic the lysophunction mutations which lower LDL. And that's one of my, you know, when I get to tell these stories one day, I'll look back and say that was my aha moment because I think that paper came out in 2006 in the New England Journal of Medicine. It was either O4 or O6, but I remember this well, which was the discovery of those families with the hypofunctioning PCSK9. Yes. These people walked around with an LDL cholesterol between 10 and 20 milligrams per desol. Yeah. Two things about them stood out. The first they never got heart disease. The second, it didn't seem to suffer any other consequences that you might concern yourself with. Right. Yeah. One of those patients, classically, I was, I think a physical therapist, somebody that was very active and had an LDL of in the teens, which is, you know, one sixth normal and is doing fine. Yeah. So that's another use of genetics in a way to confirm that lowering a LDL. Not necessarily using all the ways that LDL can be lowered, but at least certainly that form of LDL lowering is healthy. And probably most forms of LDL lowering a healthy, we have very little evidence to the contrary. Do you want to say anything about the LDL and randomization? It's, you know, I think it's not at the most intuitive concept to people, but it is actually a very powerful concept. So the principle of medialian randomization, first of all, Mendel, regra Mendel was an 18th century monk who discovered the principle of inheritance of traits in P's actually. But the idea is that these genetic variants are randomly distributed in the population. So that assumption underlies this concept of medial randomization because then you can say that the occurrence of a genetic variant in the population or a collection of variants can be either single or multiple variants that are associated with a biomarker, such as LDL cholesterol, can be used to test the causality of LDL by looking at another relationship. And that is the association of those genetic variants with the disease process. So for example, and so I'm going to give you an example because it's really a little bit abstract without an example and we'll talk about PCSK9. So the PCSK9 loss of function mutation causes a lowering of LDL. There is independent evidence that that mutation is associated with reduced cardiovascular disease risk. Nothing to do with LDL, just the genetic association with outcomes. That relationship parallels very closely the relationship of that variant LDL cholesterol. The difference is that the risk associated with a genetic of variant of risk of heart disease is actually less than would be predicted from the LDL cholesterol using standard risk relationships because this is lifelong exposure. This gets back to the exposure so the genetic marker like this in the Indian Mended Mended Mended Mended Mended Mended Mended Mended Mended Mended Mended Mended Mended Mended Mended Mended Mended Mended Mended Mended Mended Mended tells you that lifelong exposure to a genetic variant that either races or floors risk. Well, it has effects that can be attributed to LDL because that the LDL change is predicts that risk relationship. Yeah, whereas a lot of the conventional risk models are basically looking at maybe a decade of risk or something like that and they're always going to fall short, both under and over estimating long term risks. So in the paper that you referred to that the Kiemata of the European consensus, there was a heavy dose of Mended Mended Mended Mended Mended Mended Mended Mended Mended Mended Mended Mended Mended Mended Mended Mended Mended either the main author or one of the key authors. It did a very good job of showing how the genetic markers for their connected to LDL receptor levels, both so PCSK9, others associated with higher receptor activities. Well, predict cardiovascular risk much more robustly than do the results of clinical trials. So that risk reduction, which is parallel, but is displaced because the magnitude of that effect is blunted because it's not a lifelong exposure. So it's very instructive. Yeah, let's go back to something else you said a few moments ago that I think is, I would say 10 years ago, I don't remember when Jim Otposes and Alice has came out, but Jim, who's an incredibly thoughtful person in this field wrote a paper that basically said, once you normalize for the number of LDL particles, the size doesn't matter. Now, I'm going to go, you said that your intuition is that that's actually not correct, that particle for particle, a small particle is more atherogenic. Is that a ferrocessment of your thought? It is, it is definitely an assessment of my thought. And unlike what we've just been talking about, we don't have a way showing in-controverably that that's true. So when tries to sort of dance around this question by using statistics, can you use statistics to factor out everything with which the particle size? And let me clarify one other thing before I go on and that is, the reason particle size got on the map was that I wrote a paper, I think in the 80s actually, probably three plus years ago, in which the only test we had was particle size measurement. And we showed the particle size, small particle size, which was related to risk. But we also said it was associated with lower HDL and higher track, let's say that, so that was the definition of this triad that was just talked about. And we never said that the particle size was independent. We never actually said that. I mean, I've never said it was related to independent of the risk. It was a marker for this whole syndrome. The particle size context that I was referring to early on in our discussion today was not the size of particles but the numbers of particles of different sizes. That's a somewhat different concept. So there are techniques that measure the given number for whether most of the LDL and the blood is larger. And we typically did bifurcate this, like something like 20.5 nanometers or something. Right. And the other thing I'm going to say because this is what I'm going to say because there's an opportunity to say it. If you measure those particle sizes correctly, the distribution in the population is by modal. That means there is a discrete subset of the population that has smaller LDL particles. Now that says nothing about their heart disease risk. That's just that says that there's something going on that tips in a quantum way towards the small LDL trait. And that is the marker for the metabolic syndrome. So that's not about heart disease risk. That's a metabolic marker. The heart disease risk depends on the magnitude of that small LDL mode. If you have a lot of LDL particles that are small, that's bad. Now the argument that our folks and others have made using statistics that will come back to an amendment is to why I think this is flawed approach. Is that if you do certain statistical corrections for interrelationships of various particles with each other, there is a significant relationship to risk of larger LDL as well. So that's not untrue. A larger LDL can be a matter of fact. As long as something is less than 70 nanometers, it can enter the sub-endithelial space. So any large or small LDL can enter space. So it can't be a to resonance time. Yes, how long are they stay? So it turns out. So this is going to be a little bit complicated, but I'm going to try maybe we have an audience that's willing to handle it. I'm going to work like a company work through this with you because I know what I want to say and I just want to make sure that I say clearly. Let's talk about larger LDL. So this in this large LDL mode, that signifies sort of the flip side of metabolic syndrome. Generally, identify people who have not only larger LDL, but higher HDL cholesterol and lower triglyceride. So that's a low risk syndrome and often low insulin. That's right. And so quite a part from the question are these particles that are worse. They signify a metabolic profile where there's a pretty brisk circulation of those particles in the exposure to the every wall is very low. Now if you have an LDL receptor defect, it also causes large LDL. Right, FH patients have large LDL particles. So why is that that's because of the risk of the time as much higher? Right. And so neither I, well, there's some people that have taken some of my own work and taken it to an extreme that I don't feel is justified and that is to say that large LDL are not anthropogenic. It all, they certainly can be. There's no question about that. The question is, are they equally atherogenic to smaller particles or any other particles in the LDL spectrum? And I'm just, I'll just say this, the work that you're referring to did not address that. All it said was that you can, you can show that the large LDL are associated with risk. And then the second thing is that if you adjust the total LDL particles for the peak size of LDL, the peak size is not associated with risk. So those are two different statistical manipulations, neither of which, neither of which, this proof that it had pothices, that's smaller LDL, carry more anthropogenic risk. And we have an example of something, I'm going to tell you again genetically, which may or may not be something that your audience is familiar with. There's another genetic syndrome that involves a variant that affects the region of the genome, which is responsible for synthesizing a protein called sortle. So where TIL, I am. The genetic variant was discovered probably six or seven or eight years ago now. And was associated with both high risk of cardiovascular disease and high LDL cholesterol. And in fact, the association of the genetic variant with cardiovascular disease was as strong, if not slightly stronger than the associations of genetic variants in the LDL receptor itself. So this was a new player in the spectrum of causal factors. Again, relating a genetic mechanism that raises LDL to an effect on cardiovascular disease risk through a pathway that doesn't involve the LDL receptor. This is not an LDL receptor story. What we published as part of the initial description of this variant in this relationship to cholesterol metabolism is that in two independent populations using two independent methods, it's specifically associated with small and very small LDL, not the Rgil LDL at all. So here's the genetic variant that as far as we can tell affects. So it's not connecting clearance. Well, we don't know about clearance. I can't tell you about clearance. I always can say it's not LDL receptor mediated clearance. There may be, we don't know. And this is, and it could be, could be, name and pick one like one player. So if you're going to ask me later on, what one of the experiments that I would do, if I had all the resources in the role that would relate to this mechanism, because the genetic association, it's not clear exactly what's being affected by the genetic variant. It's not clear how it works, but what's definitely clear is that that variant is associated, in terms of that, but protein changes or anything else that we can measure in the usual risk factor range exclusively with small and very small. It's even a subtype of small LDL, but it's that collection of smaller particles that is somehow affected by this variant. So those patients have elevated triglycerides or low HGLC? No. No. It's a exclusive encounter is the argument that I would say, gosh, maybe these small particles ultimately are just a marker for an inflammatory metabolic dysregulation. They largely are. But this example, this gets into what you might consider in the US. I'll tell you another anecdote. When I first discovered that people had all these different forms of LDL, this is again in the 80s. I don't know how many. This is 35 years ago now. I was invited to give a talk a couple of talks actually, various meetings, one of which was in San Diego, actually, and others were represented this data. And it was using not the current methodologies, but a very elaborate procedure involving the ultrasound refuge, which separates these particles into various fractions. I have a picture of what I showed on the wall of my office because it's so emblematic of the existence of these discrete forms of LDL. And I remember talking about this to very intelligent and experienced people in the field, and it was considered as a terech. And for about 15 years, nobody paid any attention to it because it was felt nobody else had methods to show what we had been showing in large populations. Unfortunately, they had around that was remedied by more widely available methodologies that we were possibly responsible for. But the bottom line is that the recognition of these various forms of LDL, we tended to simplify to avoid having people think it was too as a terech. So we talked about large and small as if they were only two forms. And these two modes, which is a terech. And all that's true, but within the small LDL mode, within both of those, but the small LDL, there's yet another sub-type. And it's this very small LDL. So the garden variety small LDL that is generally measured by techniques that are being used such as NMR and Amability method. Well, I actually measure this small LDL that you're talking about. It's part of this generalized metabolic syndrome. But this very small guy looks like it's another pathway. It's another pathway. And it's a pathway that has a strong genetic association with risk. And we are, I'll just say this to this audience. We are trying to do some studies and this gets back to the studies I'd love to do to test the hypothesis. These particles may be secreted directly. So this might be a mechanism that spits out a pathologic form of LDL without going through the VL-DL pathway. That's a hypothesis that we're now. So it sounds like almost like an L-P little A. In a way it is. Yeah, this is a good point. It's a particle that we don't know how to lower. I don't know how to go up. We were assigned to other, that's another topic I guess. We're not going to get to L-P little. That's another topic. But yes, it's a genetic factor that is associated with risk that we don't yet know what to do with. So let's go back to something that you've kind of touched on a little bit, which is canal-DL, cholesterol, slash LDL, particle, slash APOB, B2L. And I'm referring specifically to a pharmacologic intervention. So I think we've already established that the people so genetically blessed to have hypofunctioning PCSK9 seem to be completely fine. But if someone came along and said, look, I'm walking around at the 30th percent hell of the population, I want to walk around at the first percent hell of the population. I'm going to pharmacologically lower it. Is there a downside? Right. So I guess I'm hung up on genetics today because I think the best scenario to consider and evaluating the pros and cons of RAL-LDL, our genetics syndrome is associated with RAL-LDL. And we just talked about one of them. So PCSK9, lots of functional mutations are an example of which you're asking those individuals have lifelong exposure to RAL-LDL. And as far as we can tell, do fine. There are people who have abnormalities in the APOB protein that results in impaired production of LDL, ultimately, and most people do very well. And we have less heart disease, they think they live longer. So this is the genetic evidence for the safety and the benefit really of having RAL-LDL. That doesn't imply that we can extrapolate those genetic observations to all treatments. Now for the PCSK9 inhibitors, if we assume that the use of the antibodies, the lower PCSK9 therapeutically, mimic the genetic effect, then one would have the same confidence that this would not be hazardous. You know, yet no other that they're not other effects of these antibodies. It may not necessarily fully mimic the genetic effect. But by and large, I think it is a vote of confidence that those treatments that lower the that particular treatment with PCSK9 inhibition probably does. Not only lower risk, but have no significant downsides, but they're the LDL lowering. But we don't know the clinical trials of any of the drugs at LL, have not done long enough to know what the life-long effects might be. So if you look at the most widely prescribed class of drugs for lipid lowering, it's obviously going to be statins. And statins really do two things. You know, they have a direct effect, which is they inhibit the first committed step of cholesterol synthesis. And so that directly lowers the burden of cholesterol, thereby lowering the burden of lipoprotein. But in many ways, their indirect effect is at least as strong, which is the liver in response to this upregulates the LDL receptor and you get enhanced clearance. Now, the latter, we certainly have a genetic model to look at. Do we further form a do we know of people who have deficient cholesterol synthesis? Outside of the extreme, we know that there are certainly inborn areas of metabolism that are uniformly fatal. But outside of those people are people walking around with low cholesterol, or the defect is in cholesterol synthesis, that would give us confidence that, hey, inhibiting cholesterol synthesis can't be that bad. I'd have to say I don't know that there is such a genetic variant. There are genetic variants in the rate limiting enzyme, HMG query.tartase that is the target of statins that affect LDL levels in heart disease risk in the expected direction. But those variants have a modest effect size. They are not big time, players to knock down LDL to those same real good. That's what makes the PCS canine story so exceptional. There's just nothing quite like it. So the answer is to my knowledge, no, we don't have that kind of evidence that would apply to very low LDLs that are induced by genetic factors. And that's a scenario that I think I clinically struggle with. And I suspect there's going to be at least one other person listening to this that's going to share that struggle, which is, I do get a little bit nervous when I have a patient whose risk of atherosclerosis is so high for example, a patient with significant family history and a very elevated LP little A, just as an example. So you've got, and you know, I seem to collect these patients. So you've got these folks and they've got a clinical burden of disease. So they've, you know, they're CTNG gram shows soft plaque. They're calcium score shows that they've got calcifications. They're LP little A is through the roof. And they're tolerating their statins, meaning they don't have the myalges or CK elevations or any of those things. But to get their LDL where it needs to be in a patient like that, I'm going to put to the fifth or tenth percentile. I have effectively by all means that I can measure almost shut off cholesterol synthesis. In those patients, I panic because of a couple of papers that I've seen that look at the opposite end of the spectrum, which is, you know, they look at markers of cholesterol synthesis and patients who are medicated and then the risk of dementia. And particularly those are paper that looked at the testosterone levels and it found that if the level was below 0.5, which is, you know, generally very low on the scale we look at, and they use that as a cutoff on the receiver operating characteristic curve. The area under that curve, which again can vary from somewhere between about 0.5 to 1, 0.5, meaning it's a useless test. It's a coin toss. One is a perfect test. You know, they're coming in with, with AUCs of the ROC at 0.87, 0.89. That's quite suggestive of this. And certainly biochemically, there's a plausibility to this, right? We understand that every tissue in the body has the ability to borrow cholesterol from elsewhere that doesn't appear to be the case in the brain. Like, the proteins don't seem to, you know, be able to traffic across the blood-brain barrier. So I guess that's just one area where I certainly don't know an answer, but I've become, I think, clinically much more quick to move people to PCSK9 inhibitors when I get uncomfortable with the degree of cholesterol synthesis. Do you think I'm paranoid? You've opened up a big topic all by itself. I think that is the off-target effects of cholesterol. If we consider the target, that's not even the proper term. It's the off-tissue target because it's the tissue targeting of statins to the liver, inhibiting HMG-crabic ductase in the liver that is the therapeutic goal. That's right. That's actually all you're really trying to do. That's right. But we can't. We have to hit all of these peripheral tissues. That's right. So there's something called pharmacokinetic. So to last the 16 or 17 years, I have been leading a program in studying statin pharmacogenetics, which is... I just want to explain this again because I know you and I are sitting here in the social media service, but I want to make sure the listener understands that you just made it so important. In an ideal world, a statin would be a dream drug. If it only inhibited cholesterol synthesis, meaning HMG-crabic ductase activity in the liver, such that the liver would upregulate and you wouldn't impact peripheral tissue metabolism. That cholesterol metabolism, for example, in the brain and the muscles, etc. Unfortunately, that's not the case. So I like you can do this. So this has to do with these my exposure to this set of issues through the world of pharmacology. So I have been hanging out with pharmacologists for the last 15 years through this pharmacogenomics program. It's obvious even without that experience that factors that affect the disposition of statins like any other drug, are important determinants of clinical outcomes. So the disposition that term refers to getting it to the tissue, if any of the tissues, but he wants to get statins of the liver. For the most part, statins are very efficiently removed by the liver. So that tends to offset some of the concerns that you have. However, there is variation in the genes as well as other factors that affect a statin disposition. The nature of the statin itself, it's chemical composition, the presence of absence of certain genetic variants when in particular that's been well-structured, that affects the amount of statin in the blood that prevents it from getting it to the liver. Under those conditions, there is a way to likelihood that the statin will wind up somewhere else. And that can be muscle, which is the most common symptom, but it can be all the other tissues. And part of my research experience right now is delving into all of these other effects that go beyond the desired inhibition of HME-CoA, Dr. Tastin, the liver that are actually quote on target effects. So I'm going to come back to the brain in a minute because I've been extremely interested in the issues that you describe and I'll come back to that. But there's a condition that's even more, I think, clearly connected to an unexpected effective statin. And that is its tendency to increase blood sugar, and increase the risk of diabetes. That's been demonstrated now. What's the relative phrase? It's about, you know, if you talk to cardiologists, I'll say the relative risk is small because the benefit is much greater. Well, that risk is about 10% on average. We have published a paper over a what period of time, over in a duration of the clinical trial. So it's about 6 or 7 years. Yeah, up to 6 or 7 years. But we've published that risk can be a significantly higher in women than men. Perhaps this higher 30% or plus. And so, and do we think that that effect is due to disregulated glucose uptake in the muscle? There is evidence and we're deeply involved with these studies of direct pathologic effects on muscle energy metabolism. That's more closely connected with, obviously, with muscle symptoms than with diabetes, but insulin resistance is a certainly another factor that could be involved and the muscles could be involved. The liver could be involved. So that's one situation where there may be on target effects, even in the liver that might contribute to this. We think it's probably not liver. We think there is probably effects either beta cells and cells that produce insulin and or the tissues that insulin acts on such as such as the cell muscle being an important. Right. So the reason I haven't been more specific, had us, we really don't know. There is a number of theories all of which sort of collectively could be true in different individuals, but the net effect is not trivial. Is it dose dependent? Yes. Well, there are some evidence that are glyceozyclic, e.g. the effect is dose dependent. In fact, this was very limited information on this actually, but there is some evidence that seemed to be, so for example, when you look at Symbestatin, it seems to have a much higher incidence of myalges or CK elevation. When we look at the entire suite of statins, do we see some that seem higher risk for diabetes, some that seem lower risk? Yes. And again, this is sort of a collection of observations from various sources. One of the statins that's most recently been introduced is clinical pitavestatin. Liverlo. Yeah, liverlo. That group in Francis has shown pre-convincingly recently that this is not associated with diabetes risk. This is kind of my go-to statin, but before I move to a PCS K9, if this is my last line statin, it's not that potent, as you know. That's the problem. You sort of, you know, once in a while you'll save someone, you'll get a guy who can't tolerate anything, but he tolerates this and you're off to the race. Same here, exactly. So it's probably, or potency, and it's probably its chemical characteristics. Again, when I'm saying right now, it's still not established in a conclusive way, but it does suggest that there is differences in the statins, and that being one has less association of risk. And the one that's probably most commonly associated with risk, and we've seen this, and studies that we've not yet even published all of them, as a tour of a statin appears to be a higher barrier. I look at it. Yeah, have a higher risk. So there's interest. And we don't think that that's just due to the fact that it's so ubiquitous. No. So would that be a reason, because I got to tell you, I think when I'm confronting a patient for the first time with a statin, I am generally almost tossing a coin between Crestor and Lippator as a first line agent. Very quick to flip between them, if I see, you know, any CK bumper, LFT bump. But what you're saying would almost suggest that if it's a person who's not incredibly insensitive, where none of this probably matters, you know, someone who's borderline, you'd lean towards Crestor over Lippator? Yeah, this is sort of putting on my clinical judgment hat rather than my scientist hat. No, no, but that's, but unfortunately, like for many of us, we still, but we have to make decisions. You like you like to use evidence-based criteria, or this is one of the things that I struggle with with evidence-based criteria. We don't have the evidence that allows me to give an answer to that other than saying, yes, I agree that that's what I would do. And I'm also going to back up a little bit and make sure that I have not conveyed the impression that a terrorist statin is a diabetic drug. It's still a minority of the population and we think that this genetic factor is the contribute to that. And we can measure it. I mean, that's sort of the other thing. I sort of sell patients. This isn't going to sneak up on us one day. We would get with diabetes. I use plenty of a terrorist statin. Yeah. And I have to leave this big concern about it and the patient who's risked Barrett's statin treatment. And because as the cardiologists are quick to point out, the benefits of statin treatment with any of statin's cardiovascular risk and patients with diabetes far outweighs the risk of actually developing diabetes. And there's even some evidence that the microbiomeoscopic complications might be improved. So we can argue that statin is not causing damaging effects through this mechanism. But it does raise just a little bit of a caution. In fact, it's a caution. I think that should lead to more widespread monitoring of glucose on statin. It's just so that when can detect those individuals who may have an adverse effect. But it's still a minority of the population. And it's not something that should be considered a hazard. Yeah. I think for me, I mean, I sort of, you know, talk to patients that say look, I think there are short-term things that we're generally going to figure out in three months, which is myologist plus or minus a CK elevation. So either your muscles are going to get so or with or without an elevation in CK, which is a way that we can measure the breakdown of muscle. And changes in your liver function test. We look for those elevations. I don't know about you, but I see a lot more LFT bumps when combined with Zedia than just statin alone. I find a lot of patients I have the tolerate any dose of a statin than you add a Zedia. It seems to me like 20% of people just immediately have an LFT bump. I have a machine at that often, but I have a machine at that. And then I talk about the long-term stuff, which is actually, I think in many ways, what we should be more concerned with because the short-term stuff, like you figure that out in 10 seconds, right? But it's the, and the diabetes doesn't worry me as much for all the reasons you've stayed, which is it doesn't sneak up on you and you can measure the progress. But for maybe I'm being overly cautious and I've had many in argument with many cardiologists that I share patients with who, you know, we'll have a patient on a maximum dose of a statin. It, I'll give you one example. I've got a patient who came to me on 80 milligrams of lipitore. Still wasn't quite at goal. We added the 10 of Zedia. So then he was at goal and given his burden of disease goal for this guy is about a 700 nanomole per liter of LDLP. But, you know, he had no cholesterol synthesis that we could speak of. So put him on a PCSK9 inhibitor that took his LDL down to like 200 nanomole per liter. So I said, great, let's back off the lipitore and his cardiologist just thought like, this was malpractice. And, you know, it took many a discussion to just even get that back to 40. And my goal is to hopefully get him down to maybe 20 of lipitore so that I can actually see some cholesterol synthesis come back. It's interesting. But again, now we're also a little outside of evidence based medicine. And this is more the art than the science. That's right. And it's a fascinating issue to deal with because we are conducting an experiment in the global populations, certainly in the US, that has never been done before. And that is prescribing statins to millions of people as a lifelong treatment without knowing what the downstream effects are beyond the clinical trial data that we have, which is limited. And we can call in genetics. But it doesn't necessarily mimic the effects of using a statin drug for 40 years. And so I'm just going to say very briefly that I don't want to open the lid on the discussion that many of the naysayers have used to say that statins should be avoided because they can have long-term effects. But I will say, that's like saying driving should be avoided because driving has a negative effect. Right. Right. Right. But there are things that we don't know that certainly I would like to learn and hopefully our own research project will contribute to this as to what may be affecting certain subsets of the population with prolonged use by understanding the mechanisms that might be operating in tissues like the muscle, pancreas, and the brain. And so that bandastanding those mechanisms and perhaps developing markers for people that may have increased likelihood of these undesirable effects that we may be able to guide our treatment more effectively. That's the way the goal of this trauma question. We understand the mechanism of the myaldras. I tend to give patients a ubiquinol. But honestly, the trials are, I and I explain to them, I said, look, I use it as a practice, but I can't point to amazing data. What do we think is going on there? We just talked earlier about the European consensus group that I was on whether it was a second one that I was on and that was statin side effects. And so the first paper in that series came out a year or so ago and that was myopathy. The second paper is I think just out and it describes the data as they were like the diabetes, cognitive function, et cetera. The first paper attempted to address the question you asked among other things and that is what's going on here. And all we have is a diagram that has many points of attack. One of the things that we're actually working on, one of my colleagues in my research program is mitochondrial targeting of strength. There may be on target effects. That is a normal response to statins in some people or maybe in a significant percentage population may affect mitochondrial function in ways that generally are not clinically important, but which in some people could be magnified and lead to changes in muscle function and muscle number, muscle cell number. That's a hypothesis that I'm speaking to now is the lack of a clear single mechanism that we can point to. That's just one of several possibilities. The effects on a coinsam cube, you can all mention, has certainly been out there. But as you say, very high placebo, I find reverse that it's right has not been that successful. One of my patients, I said doctor actually, I'll say this for whatever it's worth. This is one of the sort of clinical pros I have a doctor who was really a very good observer who wound up getting a liquid form of coinsam cube as opposed to a capsule. A capsule that didn't work is muscle symptoms dramatically disappeared or it's improved for the liquid form. Maybe there's issues of absorption or yeah, who knows? Well, I do think there is actually, I mean, we've just empirically used a wheat test co-cute hand levels in the blood and I've noticed for what it's worth that virtually every version doesn't show up. The only one I have found and just to be clear, I don't get paid by this company at all, but there's a brand made by Jero, which I, Jero, I think is probably the best supplement maker. I've seen it. We've had some of their stuff tested, but Jero's ubiquinol is so readily absorbed because the clinical trials call for 600 milligrams. I don't think I have a patient on more than 400. In fact, most people at 200 milligrams of the Jero variant reach systemic levels that are above our onset and target. Again, does that mean anything? I actually have no clue, but for what it's worth, I've noticed that on most other versions and variants of ubiquinol, we just do not measure it in the blood. Yeah, that's really, you don't have that experience, that's very interesting to learn, but again, how that's what it's missing. Yeah, right. The other thing I just mentioned along the lines, again, it deals with diving deeper into the biology of the system. There's about 20 intermediates on the way to ubiquinol. It's just as complicated a pathway as cholesterol synthesis. And so we don't know whether there may be other targets in that pathway, just happens to be the end result. So there's lots to learn about how statins impact biology in ways that could affect health. It's in part because we have such a large population who is doing this experiment basically. And it's also because of the centrality of mechanisms that statins affect. So it's not just cholesterol synthesis. It's precursors of steroid hormones that are in this pathway. And it's these other pathways that can affect intermediates like ubiquinol and other phyndocields. There's lots of other downstream products that are affected by statins that may have biological effects that tell us something about what the drug is doing in the physiological way, but may also have pathologic consequences and some people. What do you make of the evidence for and against the case that, and this is not a common argument, but it is one that shows up enough, which is okay, statins do reduce events, but it's not by lowering LDL. That's an unintended consequence or an intended consequence that is true, and unrelated, but the benefits of statins actually come from the endothelial health and or inflammatory reduction. So this is another deep topic, which is obviously, clinically important to people understand what it is they're treating and why you get back to a couple of issues. One is the causality of LDL, which we discussed a while ago. LDL is causal. That's established beyond doubt. So the benefits of drug induced LDL going, let's say statins, have to be considered as operating in part through that mechanism. Otherwise, let's at least see that in part otherwise you're just ignoring reality. So that's number one. Number two is, is it the most important factor? Is it the only effect in the answer? It's certainly not the only factor. There's no doubt in my mind anyway. I'm not sure how much of this is opinion versus evidence, but well, there's only anti-inflammatory effects and there's a lot of work that the friend Paul Wickler has been involved with to help establish partners at NIH. No, he's at the, or he's a break of Zbriggum. Yeah. Yeah. Early in establishing the importance of C. We act of protein as a marker for inflammatory risk not just to practice these, but and we should detour on that topic, because it's so important. Right. There was a recent trial that looked at Lodo, said, meth, a trex eight. Which is an ant, no, it was an Iol. It was an interlucant one. Well, weren't there too? There was the Iol. It was a trex eight isn't out yet. Oh, okay. Maybe I just see other one. Okay. Okay. The other one's out. Yeah. These, and in Lodkin was a one or six. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. One. And so that was a very interesting trial. I was a true. Because that, yeah, that was okay. That's right. So that was a trial that said, look, we can make no change to the lipoprotein. We reduce inflammation in a subset of patients. These patients had to have an elevated C reactive protein of a recall and you reduced events. Yeah. And we may see the same thing with this methotryx eight study. And I think that speaks to you. We're not. Yeah. Yeah. Either way, it's an important finding. Exactly. Exactly. So, you know, with the reason I asked the question, among others is, can you make the sentence? Right. Yeah. Okay. Because then you can say, well, what does statins do to this pathway? Well, they do lower inflammatory signaling down this same pathway. And again, risk error was a pioneer in studies such as the Jupiter trial in earlier ones as well that were analyzed, the predicted benefit or the associated benefit of the LDL lowering against CRP lowering some microprinflamation. So this goes back to using CRP as a marker for inflammation. And achieving a lower level of CRP and a higher level of LDL was associated with benefit, achieving a lower level of LDL with a higher CRP was benefit. So they both contributed to risk and so targeting both LDL to less than 70. I think it was and CRP less than 2,000,000,000,000,000 for deciliter. I think, but targeting those two risk markers together gave the greatest benefit to each contributed. And I think that model stands up pretty well. That it is a double whammy and one of the reasons stands are so effective. It's probably because of their unique ability to hit inflammation as well as as LDL metabolism and get spected PCS keynotes. Doesn't quite have that's an intro. That's exactly where I was going to go, which is I've got a number of patients that are coming to me saying, look Peter, I don't care about the cost of the PCS K9 inhibitor. Get me off this stat and I just want to be on a PCS K9 inhibitor to which I say the only issue I take with that is and I don't have a problem doing it in the patient who is completely statin intolerant. I have a couple of these patients where they absolutely need to be on lipid lowering therapy and they absolutely can't even tolerate you know, live alone. So we know there we just do what we have to do. But the trials don't actually tell us how well PCS K9 inhibitors work in isolation relative to non-treatment. So that's just sort of the evidence based reason for hey it would be ideal if we could at least keep you on some modest amount of a statin. And then secondly there's it's not clear the PCS K9 inhibitor attacks that other mechanism mechanistic aspect is and it's not just inflammation down the trilucon CRP pathway. It's also there's nitric oxide synthesis of the tetrachyric oxide being a basic dilator. So I think there is a good mechanistic case as well as the clinical evidence case for not abandings that if a PCS K9, unless of course the patient is statin intolerant. Where do you think the effect so one of the things I sort of try to divide this is men, women, primary, secondary prevention. That's a nice two by two square. I don't think there's any I mean again I'm not talking about the bloggesteria Twitter but like if you actually look at evidence is there any dispute in the efficacy of statins in secondary prevention for men or women? No. So those are not disputes. So we won't even need to talk about that. Let's talk about primary prevention. The variability in clinical trials when you look at primary prevention especially in women but I think for men to some extent as well. Both in the NNT so that means the number needed to treat so and you know the NNT of course being the reciprocal of the absolute risk reduction. So an NNT of a hundred means you have a 1% risk reduction you need to treat a hundred people to prevent an event. You know when you look at the summary data on this it's amazing how all over the map it is. So how would you rate the strength of the evidence? Just just a quick question for all of us. I'll just give you 30 seconds to answer this. Now the strength of the evidence in primary prevention for statins in either men or women. Okay well let me start with women and let me also specify that you need to think about a cardiovascular events and then mortality from cardiovascular events. Right so we'll talk about major adverse cardiac events so myocardial infarction stroke versus death. So the evidence again importantly from the Jupiter trial which has had a very large enrollment of women but collectively another trial as well for the benefit of statins for high risk primary prevention in women and the high risk caveat is really important here because it really speaks to this very fine radiation between high risk primary prevention and secondary prevention because if you're at high enough risk and haven't had a heart attack you may be five seconds away from the heart attack so yeah we may have had a silent MI that was already right so that distinction could be a little bit fuzzy but technically at least the evidence is there for primary prevention of cardiovascular events in women it's not it's not really there at least to my reading and I maybe wrong about this because I haven't gone back and double check but I haven't seen evidence for benefit on mortality for primary prevention in the women women yeah and in men it's kind of weakest for mortality but it's certainly present for events. And is it also possible that you know one of the things I try to explain to if I'm giving a lecture or something to students is you look at a paper and you see no statistical benefit the first question you must ask yourself was was this study powered adequately to detect a difference and it's very often the case that there could have been an effect but we didn't you know it was too small to see with the number of subjects I feel like in some of the primary prevention trials duration might be the bigger issue it's if you're only looking at seven years which is probably the outer limits of where these trials look it might simply be that when you're talking about a one percent absolute risk reduction over seven years it's not really that interesting of course a one percent risk reduction over seven years over 30 years is an enormous difference Alan Snyderman is actually working on a paper now that looks at 30 year risk because of course all the risk calculators are based on 10 year risk which I think has value but also has great limitation and I guess I think that's part of what I struggle with this clinically which is you know we never want to expose a patient to something unnecessarily and there's no substance you're going to put in your body whether it's you know vitamin C versus a stat and that comes with zero risk so how do you weigh that benefit you know this really speaks to need for much better markers that could help us predict benefit versus adverse effects so that we can identify not just the the high risk candidate for statins based on conventional markers but individuals in whom we have evidence for mechanisms that would be benefited by stat and treatment that would argue strongly for benefit and on the other side markers ideally they could assess risk radvers effects not just symptoms but underlying pathology for example and again without I because I want to come back briefly to your question about kind of defunction because I I sort of escaped talking about that because I feel this is because you forgot because you're cognitive functional no it's an effect that he's like he's like the opposite I fit it in a part of my brain that has made me not forget that there can be effects that are our long term that we simply can't assess easily and so one of them could be kind of a function but having said that there's no evidence in an arts consensus paper that just came out and sat in in time it's no evidence really well the population level I would say it's the opposite at the population level I think we see that the risk if anything goes down a little bit yeah and there's a cardiovascular that's exactly right and the cardiovascular element that even contributes to to classical Alzheimer's disease but again the data are really not compelling this is the challenge this is personalized medicine means at the end I don't care about the population I care about the one person sitting in front of me at this moment when we have to make a decision exactly exactly but what's intriguing and what you what's your question open up and that be careful because I don't want to go down the rabbit hole on this one to be sent to statin this influence mechanisms that interact with cholesterol transported the brain and apo protein eat which we mentioned is a variant that causes tights of rehab of the BDMA apo protein ease is a key protein that has a variant another variant that increases the risk for Alzheimer's disease but we're looking at ways of cholesterol metabolism intersects with that pathway and and conceivably that's just one example of a gene that could interact with statin and if the statin or getting past the blood brain barrier in some cases an inflammation might be a factor that could be exposed to that you could start to have imagine effects that could go either way but but perhaps potentially this function that's just a completely off the you know out of left no no look I mean that's exactly I mean that's that's sort of the hand waving that I use right so when I have patients that have one or two copies of an apo e4 gene I am that much more careful with them with statin use and until proven otherwise yeah yeah and we don't know and we don't know you know I mean I actually there's a there's a wonderful group of apo e4 carriers that has formed a sort of a support very large that I've interacted with they came to my lab there's about 30 members of the groups that came and we I gave a talk about apo protein and nutrition actually I had to sort of be careful because these people were just anxious for advice but we do it we've got this apo e4 variant what do I do with my diet and that's all you know we've done a lot of studies along these lines but we don't know what the effect and disease and yeah disease risk but there's one other cumulative fact that I'm going to mention without again turning the tables on the value of statins and that is getting back to muscle effect because if there is a adverse effect on matter how drill function which we can we can show that in others have shown that and if they're individuals who for one region or another are at risk for muscle wasting sorry it's called the sarcopyr pines muscle wasting conceivably that on target effective statin is the extent that it is an effective muscle tissue could over decades conceivably impact the rate at which this muscle wasting could occur and so there may be a time this is just I'm telling this out that the probably we're near the end of this discussion as a kind of just a thought is it may argue for after a certain age not worrying so much about high dose statin treatment unless the patient is really high risk and because the one may be adding and the elderly individuals and exposure yeah you're creating a new risk in the presence of another risk reduction and it's the experiment that we probably were never going to be able to do and so in just has to sort of be cognizant I've had patients and again I actually take care of a number of physicians actually my clinical work who asked me I've reached age of 75 or 80 and you know done well if you know it's family history meant to me find out and it's a difficult question to answer because because we don't have the evidence base behind age 75 that was really where the cholesterol guidelines that came out a few years ago stop because that's where the evidence stopped yeah we do have benefit and older individuals who are at high risk but we don't know what the trade office in terms of adverse effects that people that don't really need to be taking it any longer now you were involved in one of the ATP guidelines correct yeah well I was on the ATP for on the last panel that handed it off to the American Heart Association Merck College Cardiac I was connected with it when it was part of the NIH that you took issue with something didn't you well there were some concerns that I and others had regarding the scope of the effort originally and this is now personal experience with it when I was brought on I was expecting and we originally talked about having a wide range of topics to discuss not just LDL lowering but how we manage triglystriides who role of HDL emerging risk factors help you the lay we had probably 15 or 16 high priority questions and I was intending to be involved heavily on the discussion of some of these other risk factors I thought the LDL story was obviously important and when had to address should we update the guidelines that's what it was really designed to be and to turn out in the end that because of various changes in support of the whole program the number of questions was reduced down to just three and they all had to do with LDL lowering and the evidence for it and it was very heavily dependent on trials that were available to provide evidence-based conclusions so that means that the effort was really limited to a very strict interpretation of evidence-based guidelines and that led to an abandoning of the LDL targeting that we had the LDL levels that had been used to guide management of risk were abandoned because there was no study that actually addressed specifically that question that is does reaching a certain target reduce risk and I personally got rather discouraged at the limitation that we were under eventually it's sort of got a little bit softened actually after I left the committee I think there was a little bit more tolerance of potential role but basically by being that narrow we not only lost a lot of important questions and lipid management to just murder and address try to decide you know it's a letter to write where I met a box in room wasn't really touched down at all so it was it was disappointing to me and I'd help you little and I thought my LPA right and so I thought my role in the LDL lowering side was sort of limited I'd actually been involved with being consultants and companies that made the other way drugs I had to actually excuse myself from even the decision process so it was really a point where I just wasn't able to contribute the way I thought I could so I decided to step off. I could continue this discussion probably for six more hours but there is one other thing I want to go back to that we did talk about and I think it's the NIS in question. I think you're forgetting that. No I sure have not. So what is NIS in due right so first of all I don't think anybody actually really understands the mechanism by which NIS and lower ZAPOB do I mean is that is that generally yeah that's right I would say that's a fear statement but but NIS and as a drug that lowers LDL particle cholesterol it also raises HDL cholesterol quite significantly in fact I've seen it raised HDL cholesterol more than I've seen anything in those seat-teppenhibitors so it seems like the dream drug it's doing everything right now it does also create some insulin resistance and it seems to do that at a higher level than even statins do but do you think that that's the explanation for why the hardout come data aren't there and why NIS and has fallen so far out of favor that you know I actually called in NIS and for a patient about a year ago it was we're kind of doing an experiment he couldn't tolerate a statin couldn't afford a PCS canine inhibitor you know we were really reaching for straws and we couldn't even get NIS informed I mean we literally couldn't even get his insurance company to pay for NIS and so it is persona non-gradah. Help me understand that okay so my disclosure is I still use a lot of NIS so why do I do that in the light of this trial so let me just back up then and say that the trials the high profile trials that led to the dismissal of NIS and it's a therapeutic option when was a aim high and the other was it was in the previous PS2 both involved the following criterion and that is NIS and was tested as an HDL raising agent in the setting of LDL being at a low level as a result of intensive statin plus or minus set yeah to bring LDL cholesterol levels to a low enough level that would be considered a non factor that is that the NIS and effect of the LDL would be minimized whereas the HDL is how do we assess the level of NIS and exclusively on its HDL raising properties because we've maximized LDL lower that's right so it would they were designed to test whether the HDL increase with NIS and it's beneficial and the answer is from those trials I say unequivocally no that is the HDL raising effective NIS and is not protective that that's the conclusion to take away that in my view was beating uh it may not have dead horse but a pretty sick one because I never really was totally convinced that that raising HDL itself would be with beneficially even though I was part of the really a study that showed that if you genetically feed mice with uh it can be a gene that raises HDL you can reduce the outdoor scrosis I mean there is a protective effect but I was of the opinion that the association of HDL cholesterol across the population with risk fell into the same category as the LDL small LDL store in the transverse rates part of a interrelated metabolic syndrome and I felt that the most important pathologic features of that syndrome are not low HDL but the high levels of small LDL and track list rights and both of those components have been not just the LDL but the track list are I related risk have been pretty clearly shown to be causal and the HDL was a marker for that that that was actually my my guess just based on my behavior and there could be another issue here right which is to raise I mean there are there are known you know HDL like the protein EMEAS were very high HDL is actually athrogenic because they're so dysfunctional they can't actually deal epidains right exactly so the simple-minded idea that raising HDL by any means would be beneficial just like lowering LDL by any means would be beneficial was this proven by those studies plus all of the C-tep inhibitors that's right none of the C-tep inhibitors right and so there is something fundamentally pathologic about that effect on HDL that overrides any potential benefit that maybe due to other factors and in the case of the two major nius and trials you know there was some learning of LDL but as you point at the HDL increase was fairly substantial and and those particles are basically hung up in plasma it gets back a little bit to this resonance time issue that I was talking about regarding LDL well here's a situation for HDL well these particles are just it's sort of like the the toilet is plugged yeah you prevent them from doing their job right so you're not delivering cholesterol efficiently back to the liver for excretion and those particles are hanging around long enough that who knows what properties and may be acquiring that might possibly override some of the benefits of the LDL only effect so does that mean that nice and has has no benefit well there was a study that preceded those two studies that was carried out by Greg Brown actually was one that led to the impi study being funded by the NIH and that was called HTO HTH was grossed HTO HTH was grossed is treatments that HATS and that was almost as good as Mr. Fit which I realized now is the one I was forgetting oh that for the LRC that there's a multi-factor risk yeah yeah yeah yeah so going back to hats right so HTH was a statin plus nius and and there was other combination of pro-triach included nius and and that study showed benefit two levels one was the intended and point was quantitative and geographic progression measuring the narrowing of the coordinate vessels which is now not used we now realize that's not particularly right it happened to be correlate with the yeah point and in fact in that study even though it was initially underpowered to detect the benefit on endpoints it did that intervention did reduce risk of events it was a successful trial we analyzed data from that study using four different methods to look at live reporting particles as a part of this was to see whether we could learn something more than was in the standard lipid measurements would tell us and what it did tell us is that the small and very small LDO lowering cheap by nius and which it does do was associated with theascular benefit and that's study whereas HTO it to the extent of nothing else was explanatory and that was independent of all the standard lipids so we have this in the literature from just one study and I wish we would have access to other types of data that could support this but it spoke to a therapeutic effective nius and that would be lost in these larger trials because the statin hammer had lowered the LDO low enough so that additional benefit is probably just too small the tender power lost in the noise so the failure of those trials speak to the success of statins and the failure of HTO raising those are those are the two things take away so then but nius and I think in the patients which are small LDO particles I still use it and I like to see well that's not what I want to ask you let's talk me through the perfect nius in patient well perfect patient with nius and is actually twofold and we weren't going to talk about LPA but you did bring it up earlier and I'm sorry and so it's a it's a it's a genetic factor that is sort of the wildcard in an ethroscrosis it's certainly damaging and we like to lower it so nius and can lower LPA the lay by up to 25% or so and there is not conclusive but to me clinically impressive evidence that if you have a combination of high LPA and small LDO you're just a time bomb from Athroscrosis so if you have high levels of you know high particle number of the small LDO type plus LPA the lay elevations and there's there's always a strong family history of heart disease and the patients are going to be at high risk at a young age because nius and lorys LPA and because nius and lorys the small LDO particles so nius and you think specifically targets smaller particles over larger particles you know preferentially sorry yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah lower that pathway it's not clear whether just that's the VLDL pathway or not I honestly we don't know get back to your earlier statement that we don't know the mechanism really as well we just don't know the mechanism but in that combination that that really is the patient that and I've got patients like that who have and you put that patient on that over a PCS can I name him or if they could afford it well there's another because you're going to get a 30% reduction on LPA that's right the PCS can't be right there's another that's right this another angle this PCS can I has a similar LPA lowering effect plus it has a gangbusters bigger effect than an LDL particle LDL levels so no I wouldn't use it over PCS can I and the argument there is largely financial yes and when insurance will cover you can buy nius and that the local you know shop off the shelf you know along with acting nius and you know safe both of you say it for him for pennies you know you're going to pay an air nire 14 thousand dollars for PCS I've had patients like you who have been willing to do that who have been willing to sort of over pay out a pocket and that is the same category of patient and I probably would consider that even more effective although one other thing little tweak here and that is that both statins and PCS can inhibitors because they work as you said by up regulating LDL receptors as in the case of PCS can end that's the exclusive one for the sense it's part of the mechanism that effect primarily lowers medium and larger size LDL particles and has a less of a therapeutic effect than smaller particles and and none and the very small LDL so there's a great nation of effect which relates to the structure of the LDL mean more or less capable of interacting with LDL receptors and the larger particles interact well and so up regulating LDL. And this explains why we sometimes see a widening of the discordance. It's right in the statinized patient because they're lowering lowering LDL c more than LDL p because you're selecting out the larger more cholesterol than yeah. That's right and so that applies to any mechanism that operates to LDL receptors which is what most of the drugs do even is that am I so what does that mean for nice it will nice and lowers the small and very small LDL very nicely so there's a complementarity there to statinize and I think that's part of what attracts me to using it again I don't use nowadays because of potency of the statinized ability to get LDL on a target and such I have proportion of patients the availability of PCS can I I'd have to say there's fewer patients than I'm starting on nice and but there's still candidates out there that I think would benefit from this come this hitting small LDL hitting L p the way he's the complement the benefits of statins. The only patient I put on nice and in the last four years is a really interesting case he's a guy with he doesn't have FH but he's clearly got some SNPs of FH because his LDL is incredibly high but normal synthesis normal triglycerides and normal absorption markers so you know his sterles are normal this is this is clearance problem unable to tolerate a single statin including one milligram of levelo so we went to Repaatha and there is no effect and we switched to Prowlulant no effect so he's missing this anepotope that I would like the DNA from that patient because I would be happy to introduce you to an anepotope that might explain that actually okay yeah so you use nice and yeah I mean it's it's like basically going to be what nice and anephoresis I mean it's this is really tough case yeah well again I mean you know I think it's legitimate to say that there's probably less if you were a candidate in the with the availability of this potential for using PCS canine certainly with in combination with statins but I would say the patients with moderate the elevated triglycerides in the 150 to yeah you give them a little phenophibrate yes I do actually despite that's another subset question that is a subset of patients who made benefit based on subset analysis subgroup analysis of clinical trials but unfortunately it's just not a very potent yeah but niacin I will use as an alternative approach to lowering the triglycerides and doing this model deal that's that's elegant that's something I mean if just on a personal level that's certainly an amazing an insightful pearl that I've gathered from our discussion today I appreciate you seeing that well and and with that Ron I want to say you know first of all just I consider you a great friend and an unbelievable mentor I feel so fortunate to have benefited from your knowledge and and and peers of yours over the last decade and your generosity is is unparalleled in terms of anytime I can pick up the phone and call you and run a tough case by you you're you're always there to do so so I greatly appreciate that I also think we need to do this again sometime because I literally have twice as many questions as we've got to I wanted to get into saturated fat fructose apoe there's all these other things that I know you are just an expert on that I know people are going to want to hear about so I'm going to have to come back to San Francisco and we'll have to continue this discussion hopefully during the Warriors off season have to do that Peter and thank you for your kind words and it's been a pleasure talking with you I I think the opportunity to help people understand some of these topics issues to something you've been very good at and I've been glad to be able to compete with you thank you so much Ron okay you can find all of this information and more at Peter at tmd.com forward slash podcast there you'll find the show notes readings and links related to this episode you can also find my blog and the nerds of barri at peteratiamd.com what's a nerds of barri you ask just click on the link at the top of the site to learn more maybe the simplest thing to do is to sign up for my subjectively non-lame once a week email where I'll update you on what I've been up to the most interesting papers I've read and all things related to longevity science, performance, sleep, et cetera on social you can find me on Twitter, Instagram and Facebook all with the ID, peteratiamd but usually Twitter is the best way to reach me to share your questions and comments now for the obligatory disclaimer this podcast is for general informational purposes only does not constitute the practice of medicine, nursing or other professional health care services including the giving of medical advice and note no doctor patient relationship is for him the use of this information and the materials link to the podcast is at the user's own risk the content of this podcast is not intended to be a substitute for professional medical advice diagnoses or treat users should not disregard or delay in obtaining medical advice for any medical condition they have and should seek the assistance of their health care professionals for any such conditions lastly and perhaps most importantly I take conflicts of interest very seriously for all of my disclosures the companies I invest in and or advise please visit peteratiamd.com forward slash bount shape