Hey everyone, welcome to the Peter Atia Drive. I'm your host, Peter Atia. The drive is a result of my hunger for optimizing performance, health, longevity, critical thinking, along with a few other obsessions I've gathered along the way. I've spent the last several years working with some of those successful top performing individuals in the world. And this podcast is my attempt to synthesize what I've learned along the way to help you with a higher quality, more fulfilling life. If you enjoy this podcast, you can find more information on today's episode and other topics at PeterAtiaMD.com. On this episode, I interview my good friend Dominic Dagestino. Dom, as he is known by his a professor at the University of South Florida, his PhD is in neuroscience and that's where he got his background. But Dom is probably most recognizable to people listening to this because he is certainly one of the experts on ketosis. And that's in all variants of it. So starvation ketosis, nutritional ketosis, and in particular the use of exogenous ketones. Gosh, Dom and I go way back, we met probably a little over five years ago and instantly formed a friendship around our obsessive end of one experiments. Although I will say he is closer to winning a Darwin award on the basis of his and of ones than I am. Couple notes about this podcast first. This is highly technical at times. And in fact, we'll timestamp it in the show notes, but I would say roughly the first hour is even a little more technical than I had intended to go. I think part of the issue is just once I get talking with Dom about this stuff. I couldn't stop asking him questions. And I think there were times when I guess we forgot we were recording a podcast and it was just us getting really technical. I don't think it's too technical to follow if you have some background understanding about chemistry, but we'll do our best in these show notes to make sure that we're given even the recreational user necessary tools to follow this. Now that said, if you get 20 minutes into this thing and you're like, I don't understand what the hell these guys are talking about, do not hesitate to skip ahead. There's a lot of stuff that gets later on into the podcast and this is a long podcast. It's nearly three hours. There's a lot of stuff we get into at the end that I think will be kind of the stuff people really want to know even if they don't want to get in the gory details. So in particular, we talk very specifically about all of the key tones. And I'm getting a lot of questions about Peter. What's the difference between a key tone Esther, a key tone salt, one of the monowesters, one of the die esters, where does MCT fit into this? What about the Caprylic acid? And how many should we be using this one versus this one? And what are the advantages and advantages? This is going to be your dissertation level course in that subject matter. The other thing that we get into at the very end and we almost end on this, but again, look to the timestamps for exactly where it is is we get into what I consider one of the most interesting discussions I've ever had on what I sort of loosely describe as a metabolic oncologist playbook. So when I asked Dom about this, he had just some of the most interesting insights and I was really impressed by the breadth and the organization of his thinking around this. Now, I want to point out something here and I say it in the show, but it's really important for me to caveat this here. This cannot be construed as medical advice. Dom is not a medical doctor. He doesn't pretend to be one on TV. He is a research scientist who focuses on basic and translational research. He collaborates with lots of physicians. He is involved in a number of clinical trials. But ultimately, Dom is not offering medical advice and frankly, nor is anybody or nor should anybody be on a podcast. So this information I asked because I get asked this stuff a lot and frankly, I don't know enough about this sort of outreaching and outlying metabolic therapies out there. But I hope that if people are listening to this and they're afflicted by cancer, which statistically speaking is obviously going to happen, given that one and six people are going to get cancer in their lifetime, I hope that if some of this stuff does scratch someone's sort of desired to understand more that they can use some of the resources we're going to link to to potentially identify the right places where either clinical trial will be taking place or they could at least pursue some of these things under the appropriate medical guidance. I could go on and on about other nits and nats in here. But honestly, I think the best thing to do right now is probably pay a little bit of attention maybe more than usual to the show notes. Treat this as a little bit like a buffet. Go to the places you want to go to. Of course, I would recommend the entire thing if you really have an interest in this subject matter. And I hope that this podcast is going to answer many of the questions that I see people asking out there. I actually learned quite a bit on this and I tend to know this subject matter reasonably well. So without any further delay, welcome to the podcast with Dominic DeGasino. Hey, Dom. Hey, Pete. How are you, man? I'm doing well. How are you? I'm doing really well and I'm really grateful for you making the trip all the way up here, I know that in part you're visiting family, but it's great that you've carved out time to come from New Jersey all the way up to the lovely city of Manhattan. I appreciate the envoy and love being here. Love this, isn't it? Well, there's going to be a number of people listening to this today who are already incredibly familiar with who you are, the work you've done. I certainly consider you probably one of the two most authoritative persons on the subject we're going to get into today. But for anybody who's listening to this, who is not entirely familiar with you, I suspect by the end of today, they're going to want to get a lot more familiar with you. So I actually remember the day we met and it's kind of funny. I was in Florida giving that talk at IHMC and I knew of you by name, but I didn't know who you were or what you looked like. So I wouldn't have recognized you when I gave a talk. This would have been 2011 maybe, maybe 2012. And at the end of the talk, there was like a Q&A. And it was a long Q&A and it just went on and on and on. And then you asked a question, now, I wish I could say I remember the question, but I knew from the question that that guy knows what he's talking about and then of course can Ford who knew us both had basically arranged for us to all have dinner that night. And so that was the night we met. And it was really at least from my standpoint not to embarrass you. It was like a love at first sight. Like I was like, I was just so giddy to be able to sit there and have dinner with you. Same here. Yeah, I knew who you were and I was looking for that talk and I made the drive up there. And I felt like we were connected before we even connected, you know, or definitely on the same wavelength on the stuff. Yeah, you've got such an interesting history that we're going to get into about how you got interested in this space. But also I think one of the things that many people might not appreciate fully that I appreciate it just because of the, you know, the convenience and luxury of how we met was just your interest in self experimentation as well. Sometimes when you're studying something or interested in something that is not entirely mainstream yet, you have to bootstrap it and you have to look at like limited amounts of animal data, limited amounts of in vitro data and then sometimes combine it with insights that you get through early experimentation on, you know, yourself. Absolutely. So I am Earth myself and what I'm doing. I think that's sort of what that's how we learn. Yeah, that's really that's the best way to learn. So you did your PhD in neuroscience, correct? Yeah. What is the biology? 10 physiologists. So you're finishing your PhD and you're planning to do a postdoc? Yeah, I did it in the neural control of autonomic regulation. So the brain stem mechanisms sort of sense O2, oxygen and CO2 and modulate respiratory rhythm generation and also cardiovascular sympathetic tone to the heart like those neurons and how they sense oxygen. During my PhD, I got interested in diving physiology and it was amazing to me that we don't really understand how our brains and our physiology functions in extreme environments as it pertains to elevated hyperbolic pressure, elevated oxygen, CO2, anesthetic gases, for example. We know the anesthetic potency of a gas is proportional to its lipid solubility but we don't really know what that means. Like why what's happening at the level of the membrane or the mitochondria. So my postdoctoral fellowship was actually developing technologies to study that and that would be hyperbaryctomic force microscopy and that was like that's what I just delved into for how does that work? So I know what hyperbaryct means, you know what my microscopy means. Tell me about the part about the force. The first term for atomic force microscopy was scanning probe microscopy and instead of using light or electrons it uses a very sharp tip probe that can be so sharp it's monotomic and it essentially raster scans across the sample and can detect very subtle changes in the topography of the sample that you're scanning. So it actually spawned the whole nanotechnology world. This particular instrument was used to characterize materials and really help develop silicon valley in many ways. It's a microscope that we took basically an off-the-shelf atomic force microscope that gives you the scanning resolution of an electron microscope but also has a capacity to image living cells. And took this technology and put it inside an environmental chamber, a hyperbaryct chamber. And part of my project was doing the electrical, the fluid and the gas penetrations to make the thing functional and also doing a series of studies and calibration tests to determine that we could reliably make hyperbaryctomic force microscopy measurements inside this chamber and with this technology it gives us insight at the nanoscopic level of what's happening to the mitochondria to the cell membrane. So I got a grant through the Department of Defense which they give these equipment grants to develop this technology and also grant to use it and then later another grant to put a confocal microscope. You might have heard up a laser scanning. I actually used a confocal microscope in my undergrad thesis to the computational optical sectioning of terms. I know because I was an engineer so I was interested in a question of did the direction of extrusion that you put on a tibial plateau. So when you do joint replacements does the direction in which you extrude what's called ultra-hymolecular weight polyethylene does that predict its fracture and it turned out it did. But the tool to help us measure that was this confocal microscope. So that was my introduction to high end microscopy. It's an amazing tool. Yeah. So the second. Yeah. You got it. Through the toys that we have in the lab. So that was the next phase of sort of my experiments was installing a laser scanning confocal. So we could optically section individual cells and look at the mitochondria inside the cells under graded levels of oxygen and hyperbaric pressure, essentially. Pressure of an inner gas like helium, nitrogen. So to simulate, for example, a Navy seal dive or a deep sea dive. In the context of developing this technology and imaging a wide variety of cells from primary neurons to the leoblastoma cells to human-dermal fiber blasts, smooth muscle cells, I noticed that cancer cells would produce proportionally more superoxide anion, which is the precursor oxygen free radical that comes from the mitochondrial electron transport chain as a consequence of normal metabolism. The cancer cells look to have what appeared to be their chock full of mitochondria and they were moving around very dynamic structures. And under normal levels of oxygen, they kind of produced a normal level of superoxide anion or oxygen free radicals. But when we hit the cancer cells with hyperbaric oxygen, the superoxide production went off the charts. And it was very apparent to me that they were producing excess free radicals and as we made measurements over time, it was very apparent that it was accelerating membrane lipid proxidation, which we use a variety of tests. One is a T-Mars test where we look at malady aldehyde production. And the technology, the atomic force microscopy, allows us to look at very subtle changes of the surface of the membrane. You measure the perturbations on the surface of the membrane and nanoscopic changes. We look at membrane roughness and you could look at the roughness of the membrane and calculate that. And that can correlate to membrane lipid proxidation. And it correlates the numbers correlate well. So what you're looking at is the physical correlate of membrane lipid proxidation when you capture that data with atomic force microscopy. Is that clear? Yeah, let me back up and make sure I can disagree with this in this step. So the first thing that you notice is lots of mitochondria in cancer cells. And shockful. And these are what types of cancer lines. The main one that I was working with that I ended up publishing the paper in neuroscience with was U-87, Gleoblastoma cells. And they were taken out of a 44-year-old patient. So humans are what we're doing. Human cell line. Yeah. A lot of people use it. You know, these are astrocytes. Right? These are not neurons. Yeah, of a Gleal origin. Yes, yes. So observation one, lots of mitochondria. Okay, good to know. Because obviously there's a understanding that more bird pointed out that says, hey, like, you know, these things largely are anaerobic, not a robex. So they shouldn't really need much mitochondria. Yeah. And then what you're saying is you put them into a hyperbaric environment. And how hyperbaric? How many times atmospheric pressure would you need? I saw the observation. So normal oxygen is 0.2 ATA. We say atmospheric absolute. And that saw a big jump up in super oxide anion production at 0.95. So that's almost five times atmospheric pressure. That's almost five times. Yeah. And actually 0.95. If you're breathing produces a P02 in the brain, if similar to breathing 2.5 atmospheres of oxygen. And then I actually went up to the experiment with 3.25 atmospheres of oxygen. And then that basically was cooking the cells from the inside out. The mitochondria were producing so much oxidative stress through reactive oxygen species. So superoxin anion can go to hydroxyl radical through the fenten reaction, the hydrogen peroxide. And that can be driven in different ways. And I basically saw the mitochondria exploding under hyperbaric oxygen conditions. And I never see that. Do you have a control in this of non-cancerous glial cells that are not doing the same thing? Most of my experiments prior to this with smooth muscle cells. I was looking at in primary cortical neurons, primary hippocampal neurons. At the time, I was just basically looking at, I was doing these experiments to validate the tool that we had just built. So no one actually had imaged living cells under hyperbaric conditions because no one had a hyperbaric microscope before. So I didn't actually know what I was even looking at. I was not a cancer biologist. I knew that cancer cells were rapidly proliferating so they probably had amped up metabolism. But it was just a very interesting observation to me. It was very interesting that they were also dying. And I figured cancer cells should be hearty. And you should be able to throw everything but the kitchen sink it them and they should live. And then when I saw them basically the mitochondria exploding and the membrane starting to become permeable and necrotic cell death, I became more and more interested in that. And we ended up publishing the observation. But I didn't actually know what it meant. Like I published it more like here I built this cool tool and we did this experiment. And I was actually just looking at the cell line as a model system to study reactive oxygen species and oxygen toxicity seizures because part of the military was funding me to understand the cellular and molecular mechanisms of oxygen toxicity seizures. And it's thought that high levels of oxygen creates oxidative stress. And that perturbs the brain in a way that causes these grand maltonic clonic seizures. And we're developing tools. You can't understand it unless you know fundamentally what's happening at the level of the cell and the mitochondria. So I want to come back to that because that now makes sense for why diving could increase that risk because if you're using an oxygen rebrother, you're getting a higher concentration of oxygen and then you're under multiple atmospheres of pressure. You know basically replicated in a person what you were seeing a cell. But going back to the cell thing for a sec, do the free radicals that get generated destroy other cells beyond the cell that is generating the free radical or is the problem largely contained to the cell? It's a dose dependent phenomenon. And we were studying cells in this particular experiment in a petri dish or on a cover slip. So yeah, it's sort of like an intact neural network or cellular network. So the cells are literally connected to one another. Unlike a tissue slice where you have an intact cytoarchitecture, which that's a little bit different. But the oxygen free radicals and the substances that the cells produce do actually influence other cells adjacent to it or juxtapose to it. That's obvious from some of the experiments we do in cell signaling. You know, if one cell becomes permeable and we could detect cell death with various molecules, like a thinium home and dimer one, when that cell dies, it can stimulate exitotoxic events in surrounding cells. Same thing happens with the cancer cells. It's obvious that cancer cells use reactive oxygen species for growth and proliferation. And I know this is something that maybe contradicting to many people. We view free radicals is something that's damaging that the cell needs to get rid of. But they're very powerful signaling molecules, especially for cancer cells and growth and proliferation and in normal tissues. Can you mean nuclear signaling? In nuclear signaling and activation of transcription factors. Basically, there are many ice study as neuroscientists. Ice study re-doc sensitive ion channels. So the re-docs state of an ion channel can dictate the permeability and the gating functions of that ion channel, which is intimately linked to cellular excitability by influencing the resting membrane potential. So as a neuroscientist, you can study a very particular and cells have hundreds of thousands of ion channels, specific ion channels that are redox regulated. But what was obvious is that cancer cells have elevated rates of reactive oxygen species that they use for growth and proliferation. It also fuels metastasis and invasive nissic cancer cells. And because they overproduce oxygen free radicals in the context of high oxygen, you can push the cells above their antioxidant potential and then trigger a popthosis. So it's like a double-edged. So it's basically a U-shaped curve or inverted depending on how you want to think about it where the cancer cell is not only optimized as a survivor, it's optimized to thrive at a certain level of elevated react levels. It's elevated level. But if you go too far, it becomes counter. Yeah, so they have elevated endogenous antioxidant capacity, right? But because their mitochondria are defective in many ways and that term is kind of controversial. Some people think the warburg effect definitely endows a cell's many benefits. But the aberrant activity of the mitochondria is creating this excess free radicals. And hyperbaric oxygen and chemotherapy, therapeutic drugs, the augment oxidative stress, our therapeutic modalities that can be used. It was very apparent to me seeing that in a hyperbaric chamber looking at a microscope, looking at these cells and no one had seen it before because no one had hyperbaric. My heart is too old. Yeah. And that kind of, at the same time, I was growing these cells under different conditions. I was very interested in lactate. And I became interested in ketones too, just not for this reason. I was not yet interested in the ketogenic diet. I was looking at it for a different reason, actually. But I noticed that the cancer cells were not growing as rapidly as they should in the context of one to end five millimeter of beta hydroxybuter eight, which I was growing in them in. And I thought the lab tech may have been doing something that was influencing, but she assured me. It wasn't. So we would pull the media off and put regular media on without the ketones and the cancer cells would start growing rapid. Why were you using ketones in the media? Well, I was looking at a variety of different substrates back in 2008 and nine. I see. So you were just a co-sciety glucose, B-h-b. Yeah, two deoxy glucose. Yeah, lactate. I was using a variety of different and ketones were like, well, let's just see what ketones do. You know, that ketones were something that the body would produce in fasting. But I didn't, I didn't even know the anti-seizure properties of the ketogenic diet. I was just sort of it is like, what do you bring in? In a couple odd papers, I came out like ketones could be used as fuel. I was very interested in alpha-l polylactate, various forms of lactate that could be used to preserve brain energy metabolism in the face of oxidative stress. And the ketones just, they sort of shine. So basically what they were able to do was allow the neurons to preserve their membrane potential and normal cellular function even in the context of extreme oxidative stress. And it made sense, right? Because the ketogenic diet, you know, I started looking more into this and discovered that the ketogenic diet was a very effective anti-seizure strategy even when drugs fail. About two thirds of patients. Respond favorably, you get, you know, 10 or 15 percent of super responders that never have seizures again. You can get them off your meds. And it was probably working through a mechanism independent of any anti-seizure compound. Because the ketogenic diet worked when drugs failed, you know, suggesting it was working through a different mechanism or many mechanisms kind of in synchrony. So the tools that we developed really sort of started to allow us to understand from a cellular and molecular mechanism how ketones were working. And I was looking at other compounds at the time. But it's just as I kept studying, I was looking at sigma receptor agonist. I was looking at other antioxidants, many different antioxidants and combinations of antioxidants that were catalyst, mimetics, super oxide dismetates, mimetics. You know, all these things that were in theory, they should work really well. But nothing was really working as well as ketones. And it also motivated me because when I discovered the ketogenic diet was a grossly underutilized anti-seizure strategy. I was like, wow, I could go back to my nutrition roots because when I was undergrad, I majored in nutrition science. But I didn't pursue a PhD in nutrition because nutrition was not like a real science. Like there was no jobs in nutrition. And the 90s was a decade of the brain. So it was like, let me try to get into a cellular neuroscience program. So I kind of just left nutrition. And this was my opportunity to bring nutrition back into my research projects into the lab. Going back to that BHB in the media. Yeah. Did you have the same amount of glucose in as you had in the BHB free media? Yeah. So we did everything in the context of the same amount of glucose. Another about five million benefit was from the addition of BHB, not the reduction of glucose. Absolutely. Yep. And as I started to get into the literature and read into this a little bit more, we started doing glucose subtraction and adding ketones and saw that normal healthy neurons functioned and thrived in a low glucose environment if the ketones were present. But the cancer cells would die. And this was also replicated and published in various neuroblastoma cell lines. And I think Skinner was one person that published and I found that he was at University of Florida. But he was a fellow and just had to left the school at the time. And then I went up there and gave a talk. I think in 2010. And that further that got me more and more interested in studying cancer even though it's not funded to do so. It was like this pet project that was completely very intellectually stimulating to me. And something that I could not just shelf and come back to it a later time. I had to. I felt like the environment was kind of hot for this. So I just kept reaching out to different scientists and showing them my data and asking them to explain it. Like top level cancer biologists. Then I stumbled across Tom C for actually speculating why do you think Tom was one of the few people that latched onto this was it simply because he'd already been thinking the same things or because it's really it is interesting when you think about how many really interesting and impressive people in cancer have not sort of come around to thinking about this stuff. Now in 2009 I think it was 2009 and I'm sure you have read this paper a thousand times. It's sort of I think it was the first obvious mainstream view of this was the Matt Van der Heiden Lou Cantley Greg Thompson science paper. Is that 09? Does that sound about right? Which reminded me of that a couple papers around that time. Which one was this is the one that offered an explanation for the war burger fact. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It was working on energy synthetic. That's right. Or expanding the biomass directing metabolites to do that. Yeah, and that was interesting because that's a different explanation than presumably Tom would offer. Right. It's accepting the war burger fact as a very powerful. But the question that Tom has really set out to address no one is arguing the war burger fact is present. But the initiation of the war burger fact that damaged mitochondrial respiration causes an energetic crisis that kicks on the oncogenes that basically turn on the genes that are the essence of the war burger fact. Let's describe it. I should I'm going to take for granted that everyone listening knows what the war burger fact is. So for someone who doesn't know how would you explain the war burger fact? The war burger fact simply stated is insufficient. Might a condrel oxidative phosphorylation or what we call respiration. With compensatory fermentation in the form of establishing the cell establishes. It's energy. It's production of ATP. Our energy currency through glycolysis and substrate level phosphorylation. And it's well recognized that cancer cells 90% of them I would say have a war burger phenotype meaning that they have highly accelerated like holocys and substrate level phosphorylation. So let me simple write that a little bit more. Our cells can turn glucose into something called pyruvate and that occurs outside of the mitochondria and that's not a highly energy efficient process. It doesn't generate much ATP. You then have a decision to make as a cell which is basically how quickly does the body want ATP and as a general rule when it wants it quickly it's an anaerobic environment. You think about things that drive quick ATP requirement. And so then it will just say look what does it turn this pyruvate into lactate? That's the glycolytic pathway which is not particularly efficient either. It doesn't generate that much more ATP but it has the luxury of saying I can guarantee to do this quickly and I don't need to be limited by cellular oxygen. Under ideal circumstances you would want to generate the most ATP you would shuttle that pyruvate into the mitochondria as a seedal co-a and you have this other process. So what you're saying is the war burger effect is hey, even under conditions at rest a cancer cell seems to disproportionately do this glycolytic thing and it generates its ATP that way as opposed to going into the mitochondria. Exactly, even in the presence of normal oxygen it utilizes glycolysis and pumps out lactate. So under no other conditions do normal cells ferment and pump out lactate. So then the war burger did he want a Nobel Prize for this observation? He want a Nobel Prize for his work in metabolism cancer cells. Yeah and it was more kind of appreciated a little bit later what the implications of this was but it was part of his Nobel Prize. You know I remember reading an article about this once that has since escaped me but then maybe I'm wrong so correct me but one of the reasons that the hypothesis was because this was in the 1920s if I recall. Yeah, the war was yeah. So one of the reasons that this sort of got discarded for lack of a better word or at least ignored was people tended to focus on the exceptions and there were exceptions right certain lung cancers certainly seem to pose an exception to the war burger fact and so the idea was will look if you have an exception then the rule is not so much a rule anymore and is there another reason why the war burger fact was largely ignored for you know a generation and a half to two generations. Travis Christopheerson wrote a book called Tripping Over the Truth that nicely sums that up and I think there's a lot of reasons for that but I think the the big focus was on understanding the gene pathways that were associated with carcinogenesis and then if we can understand the gene ideology of cancers and different types of cancers then that would explain cancer in a much more fundamental level and that is the case there's a dynamic interplay between metabolism and genetics so now we have an appreciation that metabolites you could call them on cometabolites are epigenetic drivers and metabolism is just not something is just not producing ATP there are so many different intermediates and read-ock signaling and so many different signaling molecules from metabolism that have epigenetic regulation and I think that has become when I got into this there was no cancer metabolism conferences you know and now there's a dozen or more where Lou Cantley is the keynote speaker and Craig Thompson is getting and this has all sort of exploded shortly after some of these observations that I made and it's just you know it's I don't think it's coincidence anything remember that night yeah yeah remember when we had that dinner in DC at that conference yes I still look back at that as that was almost remarkable rooms to be sitting in as a fly on the wall because there was only about 12 people there and you know you had Lou Cantley you had Michael Bishop Steve Rosenberg David Sabotini who else was their Michael Pollock a vendor hiding yep that you can divide I mean you basically have some of their most thoughtful cancer scientists in the in the world certainly in the United States in one room and that was amazing conversation yeah yeah that's if I go back to the time exactly that's it's gold we'll talk this guy's into getting in a room again yeah I mean I think what you're basically saying is look part of its reason for being discarded or at least forgotten about was a new sexier idea emerged which is hey we started to understand the role of the genome and there's this weird sort of debate you hear and then the observation that things like viruses you know which could you know encode and change our DNA but but the viruses that cause cancer are the very same viruses that damage the mitochondria that damage the DNA and mitochondria and causing respiratory insufficiency which triggers an energetic crisis which can trigger the activation of oncogen through retrograde response so that needs to be appreciated too but those this explosion of technologies that allowed us to understand genetics and that was sort of being leveraged to really delve into the cancer I think it was do some politics influencing that too so is the first thing you did from that point because there's really two separate problems that you're talking about the first is why are these seizures occurring and I'm referring very specifically to your DARPA funded work which was why is it that when these social forces guys are doing their ultra secret dives which require rebrie there's why are a subset of them having these fatal seizures well it's the at the office of Navy research oh it was there's also not that okay okay okay they were doing more fighter performance like with ketoneesters just prior to you know what I was doing so so that's one problem yeah the other problem that's that you've also articulated is hey what's going on okay yes yes so oxygen toxicity seizures are limitation for Navy seal divers and we don't know how to predict them or prevent them it's also a limitation of hyperbaric oxygen therapy right so if you have carbon oxide poisoning right and you need to live as much as you need to get that that carbon oxide off your hemoglobin you need to basically increase the PO2 and your tissues oh do that carbon monoxide has a much higher affinity than oxygen for hemoglobin so you have yep basically up-competed yes so if you were to take a ketone ester which we know now increase your resistance to oxygen toxicity by like 600% and take a ketone ester and get inside of a hyperbaric chamber you have a much greater chance of living if you have wounds there's 14 different applications for hyperbaric oxygen therapy we think that therapeutic ketosis strategy would make it much safer and more efficacious so in the context of an oxygen rebreeder the advantage is that there's a stealth component because you don't produce bubbles you can dive in a quiet lake and go all the way across and surprise your enemy but it's just 50 feet of sea water within 10 minutes at 50 feet of sea water you run the risk of getting oxygen toxicity seizures that's pretty shallow I would say that again at 50 feet 50 feet of sea water 10 minutes you're on a dragger rebreeder according to the oxygen dive tables that has been enough to trigger a seizure in many guys so the produces a PO2 in your brain of about roughly 2,000 times higher than what your your oxygen level in your brain would be right now 2,000 percent higher yeah so that needs to be sort of appreciated and of course this could all be averted if you just stick to the dive tables right but if you have you know enemy fire with 50-kower machine guns coming down on you and you want to stay down if the water's clear you got to go down deeper if you have a plan of mine and get to the bottom of the ship or a bridge you you might be underwater for three or four hours and the enemy is still up there and it's you got to get down there and do your job and dive deep and avoid that and then you know after a time you have pulmonary oxygen toxicity too if you're down there long enough but generally speaking these your breathers are for shallow diving but situations where they need to go down deeper do you have an estimate of how many navy divers just in the United States both in training or combat would would die in a given year from this or be injured it's pretty rare fortunate is pretty rare and if they do get hit with oxygen you know our friend Kurt Parsley will tell you that navy seals notorious about not telling what their issues are with her health right so if they do have a seizure they would be kicked out you know a lot of these guys because that may make them a weak link that they're vulnerable so we know recreational divers that push the limit who've been hit a couple times you know with this and we're doing some studies right now recreational divers so it's very under-reported but studies have shown I always show a video in one of my talks of a guy in a chamber where he has a mask on and the mask is breathing 100% oxygen and the guy inside the chamber is breathing hyperbaric air and within at 2.7 atmospheres of oxygen he gets hit with a seizure and has a really violent tonic clonic seizure and it stopped as soon as you remove the oxygen mask and start breathing air even if it's at the same barometric pressure the seizure stop so one of the beneficial things of these seizures if you want to if there's a beneficial component to it is that they quickly stop as soon as you remove the hyperbaric oxygen source or you go from breathing 100% oxygen to hyperbaric air so what's happening is that the high levels of oxygen are creating oxidative stress and actually in peating various metabolic processes in the brain and the brain is becoming hyper excitable and the neurons are firing so many action potentials that the cells essentially can't maintain their membrane potential and you get excitotoxicity that causes mass firing and the neurons and a seizure right and this is obviously under a very super physiologic super physiologic it only happens you know in these extreme environments of pressures and and the reason for it now is kind of you have S nitrosylation of glutamic acid decarboxylase there's two different ises ions and then what we think now is that you have more glutamate to GABA ratio so the enzyme that converts our GABA immunopotric acid it is actually created from glutamate right so you have much more excitatory than inhibitory neurotransmitter so that ratio changes and it's a re-dox dependent reaction actually it's a you have S nitrosylation of this enzyme that converts more glutamate to GABA so you have increased neuronal firing and increased release of glutamate and also less conversion of the glutamate to GABA which has a brain stabilizing so this is going off topic for just a second but we know that as people age we see greater and greater oxidative damage so we see you know this susceptibility to ROS going up does any of what you learned in this super physiologic environment where in a very short period of time you're going to generate a ton of loss by exposing someone to high pressure and high O2 does anything you learned in that environment offer an insight into non-super physiologic or normal aging and disease progression yeah I think in many different ways so it's almost like exercise right if you exercise intensely your reactivation species are going to go up inflammation all these things kick on so high pressure oxygen increases oxidative stress and that kicks on many different processes that can end out of the cell with greater cellular protection so it can for example cause an increase in super oxidative mutate it can enhance enhance our antioxidant defenses so the oxidative stimulus is a trigger for adaptive processes that can allow our systems to be more resilient against the same level of oxidative stress this happens very robustly in a young animal and is significantly attenuated in an older animal and I think that needs to be appreciated so the adaptive response to stimulus is varies genetically probably between the individual there's a lot of individual variability between people and even if you take the same person under different conditions whether it be if they're sleep deprived what they ate that they there maybe if they're dealing with a little viral illness or something their susceptibility to oxygen toxicity seizures can be greatly affected by a lot of different variables but that adaptive response so we know hyperbaric oxygen stimulates the production of stem cells as much as something like GMCSF like a new pigeon or lukine like it's that powerful it causes the production and the release of stem cells which kind of hone in on sites of injury and aid in repair so that's why it's it's most utilized application is actually for enhancing wound production or wound healing effects I see you mentioned that there were 14 approved applications I wasn't aware that there were that many I certainly I think it's 15 now so what what are some of the others not to put you on a spot for rattle off all 15 but we can look it up but you sure just on top of your head what other ones do you know yeah radiation across us so for cancer if you are getting radiation therapy for cancer it is FDA approved for that so if you have patients you know who's have radiation therapy of course there's decompression sickness so we're recreational diving if you get bent another term for bends is decompression you know it's the same deal it's basically get the nitrogen out bi-basically you're just nitrogen out yeah beating it out with oxygen yeah carbon oxide obviously diabetic wounds all the hyperbaric the UHMS so hyperbaric medicine society approves the facilities and I would say 90 plus percent of their revenue generated from that is diabetic wounds which is a huge problem like you probably in your practice you probably see people with wounds that just don't heal well I don't see my practice but I certainly cut my teeth on it during residents yeah no pun intended significant problem yep so that's I mean that's a few different applications and there's a lot of sort of rare things there's noise induced hearing loss if you use that's one of the newer applications look that could be so some things that are kind of counterintuitive so when we think of high pressure oxygen a lot of times you think of retinopathy of prematurity right if you put a newborn and give them high levels of oxygen you could cause them to go blind right a newborn so that's an interesting meaning a newborn is more susceptible to susceptible to to oxygen it was a very common I guess you could say to put newborns on high levels of oxygen if they're born premature and why what is it about the newborn that makes them more susceptible? is it the angiogenic component of this? it yes yes that could be a component too and maybe they just don't have the robust and dodges the antioxidant you know capacity but probably it might be the angiogenic component too do you know off the top of your head if elevated mercury mercury toxicity is an indication for hyperbaric because I've heard of a lot of people doing this but it strikes me as a little bit off lately there's so much off label stuff being done so one of the things that I'm really interested in testing is for traumatic brain injury and I do think that low levels of hyperbaric oxygen therapy if used shortly after a traumatic brain injury I think the faster you restore oxygenation the more likely you are to salvage those neurons so ideally you want to treat with something that's going to re-establish energy in neurons decrease inflammation and increase oxygenation to hypoxic pockets and I think from my perspective giving something like a ketone ester with lower levels of hyperbaric oxygen therapy would probably work that's probably the by far the most controversial application because there's some remarkable responses from people who have even a regeneration of brain cells after the hypoxic injury for example in kids who are very resilient anyway I know Dr. Paul Harch you know has been on pretty much all the major news networks with the with the girl that sustained a incredibly severe hypoxic injury and brain death and regenerated some of her brain brain function and brain tissue. How old is the girl? She was pretty young I think five or six I believe and I met her actually one of the conferences and it's very clear that nothing was working for her until she did hyperbaric oxygen therapy so but kids are completely could be another story you know we don't know if we could replicate that but there are a lot of stories out there anecdotal reports but it just has not been studied appropriately and the studies need to be done and what do you see as the resistance I mean when you look at what's happened in the last five years in the NFL that has brought along with I think just the returning vets TBI is I mean I don't think you could walk down Madison Avenue and hit someone with a rock who hadn't at least heard the term TBI so everybody knows what it is we've got you know these two completely different demographics who are highly affected by it athletes and soldiers what's the hang up I mean you and I have spent a lot of time behind the scenes trying to get organizations like the NCAA interested in studying this I'm struggling to understand what the hang up is you know they're looking for devices to quantify TBI's in concussion so that's a lot of funding is going into that that area at least when we talk about the NFL had challenged and something that you know we submitted to you know I don't really know I don't really know I think the scientific rationale for a metabolic based therapy for the brain makes a lot of sense in restoring oxygenation I think the waters are very muddy though when it comes to hyperbaric oxygen with TBI because I mean we even did some rat studies where repeated doses of hyperbaric oxygen in a concussion or a brain injury model or a rat caused more injury can exacerbate the effects whereas a single dose of hyperbaric oxygen right after at least in our rat model decreased the infarct size by maybe 30 percent something like that so this is dangerous I mean we we don't want someone listening to this who's suffered a TBI thinking I'm going to go to some off label clinic and just max you know repeatedly expose myself to hyperbaric I mean we the point here is this has to be studied it has to be studied rigorously it has to be studied empirically and then we haven't even gotten to something we will get into later which is the potential augmentation of the exogenous ketone yeah yeah I would not do hyperbaric oxygen therapy if people are going to do it within without you know what I say I would definitely do hyperbaric oxygen therapy if you're going to do it in strong nutritional ketosis because a consequence of hyperbaric oxygen therapy is could be a CNS oxygen toxicity so you do not the last thing you want if you have a brain injury is to have a seizure and we know 85 percent of all penetrating traumatic brain injuries lead to seizures and people who have had penetrating what about blunt it's less than that but how much yeah so I don't know I guess you would have to quantify the blunt the severity yeah but when it comes to penetrating but it's it's upwards about 85 percent of penetrating traumatic brain injuries have seizures and that's because you have excess glutamate you know and that's a very thing that's actually contributing to oxygen toxicity seizures right so I think the biggest thing to do is to augment your brain energy metabolism to burn energy more efficiently the ketones do that and lower neuro inflammation and I think there's a variety of ways to do that but you don't want to throw more fuel on the fire and I think high levels of hyperbaric oxygen therapy could be doing that I think maybe these soft chambers that go to like 1.4 1.5 maybe a better means to implement that let's get into ketosis a little bit I want to come back and talk about cancer I want to come back and talk about the exogenous ketones both the salts the esters and even different molecules but one of the most interesting experiments we've seen in the physiology of ketones like you know as far as old school experiments was the George K Hill starvation experiments right so it's highly motivated by that steady we're going to link to it here but what's why don't you give people the readers digest version of what George K Hill did that could probably never be done again yeah yeah and I was I was very lucky to connect with him before he died he passed away in 2012 by connect with him a few years before that and just to figure out you know did he really do this his studies and there was a lot of studies that also didn't get published that were pretty remarkable too that somehow they got past ethics review at Harvard Medical School but essentially what he did a very elegant study to look at brain energy metabolism the AV difference in blood and metabolites in subjects that fasted for 40 days and most of the subjects were divinity students I believe or maybe conscience and subjectors to the war or something like that but each person had like a different story behind it and he fasted these subjects for 40 days and just to be clear is water and mineral only water no calories yeah yeah but they took mineral sugar they had magnesium yeah sodium they did I I think they took a mineral supplement and they also were they weren't lean subjects so they were subjects who from their perspective were overweight if not obese subject so they had some weight to lose and it was very well documented and well controlled study where they monitored free fatty acids insulin glucose beta hydroxybutary to citoacitane and acetone and let's all just pause you there for a moment for the listener will come back to this because I want you to explain the difference between beta hydroxybutary or BHB acedosate or acedone how they produced which ones are metabolic theactic which ones aren't but hopefully by me just saying this between the two of us will remember to come back to that okay yeah so yeah essentially three ketone bodies beta hydroxybutary being the primary ketone that's elevated and more stable in the in the blood and probably more likely to be a brain fuel so and if we just focus on that ketone body after seven days it reached the level to where it was at or above the level of glucose in the subject so glucose came down from five to six millimolar down to three and stayed at three millimolar throughout the duration of the experiment throughout the duration of the fast from day seven essentially to the remainder of the 40 days so for the Yankees listening to this who finally read the metric system three millimolar is about 55 milligrams per deciliter so that's pretty darn low but what's interesting is it gets down there I think it was between day seven and day ten it hit three millimolar and then it just never went down again yeah yeah and just what the heck is going on these people don't eat any glucose how are the how do they sell and what that tells you by definition is their liver still had glycogen because that you have to be putting that glucose out from the liver yep so the maintenance of glucose is under very powerful homeostatic mechanisms so we have we're hardwired from an evolutionary perspective to maintain glucose and the glucose can be coming from gluconeogenic amino acids so we are breaking down some muscle and then the glycerol backbone of triglycerides too also contributes to the production of um so triglycerides being the storage form of fatty acids you have a three carbon backbone that's called a glycerol backbone it has three of these free fatty acids that are well they become free once they're cleaved they become the substrate that you're going to explain to us in a few minutes is how you make BHB or beta hydroxybuterate but you don't just throw that glycerol out you can actually deliver and turn that back into glycogen within itself to then slowly trickle out into the bloodstream exactly so when K-Helled did this if I recall insulin levels also got very low by with about day seven the insulin levels were you know rock bottom and sort of stayed there yeah yeah they're really one of the interesting things about the experiment what in addition to the stuff I want to hear about which is the brain metabolism and how did the brain partition those fuels is was this experimenter a different one where he was able to give insulin lower glucose levels but not generate CNS trauma through that yeah so the subjects were asymptomatic for have a glycemia and they felt really fine and in another round or level like one millimeter yeah so they infused IV infusion of 20 I use of insulin and pushed glucose from three millimeter or there balts down to roughly one millimeter which is like less than 20 milligrams per decilator yeah which would be fatal that would be universal fatal level even two two becomes like coma and essentially fatal if it's maintained I hit two very briefly during an insulin suppression test I had it stand for and I was no longer in ketosis because I was doing this in some recent tests so I started at about two and a half or three millimeter but 90 minutes later my ketones had weathered down to like point three point four yeah and then my glucose hit about 38 milligrams per decilator and yeah I really I that was the day I thought I was going through this area oh yeah no I thought I was going I have a little self experiment I can mention after this but essentially what they did which was a very bold and gutsy demonstration they injected insulin which facilitated glucose disposal in the patients essentially and brought blood glucose down to you know roughly one millimeter which is universally fatal and the subjects were relatively asymptomatic for hypoglycemia which was remarkable their ketones were maintained about above five to six millimeter that is out freaking rages like that when you just stop to think about how you could take a normal healthy volunteer and do something I mean we're all in the spirit of learning but when you just think about that from an ethical standpoint like how do you close mice I'm not allowed to do that in mice the eyeocook the Institute for Animal Care and the Committee you know would not approve fasting for more than 48 hours I think it's for 24 at our institution yeah so that's from mice and maybe rats might be 48 but yeah and the use of insulin to further you know that would I'm my serve on the eyeocook I mean these things would be quickly rejected I mean this is this was the wild wild wild west yeah and yeah and and then just the last thing on this topic that I remember which I'd love you to expand on is what did we learn about how the brain partitioned fuel how much of the brain's energy once you were in that steady state after about 10 days came from glucose beta hydroxybutarate and acetoacetate yeah so beta hydroxybutarate accounted for approximately 60% of the energy and probably 10% acetoacetate and roughly at that point after about 10 days only about a third of the energy was coming from glucose right and basically what's in your blood as far as ketones and glucose is what your brain is utilizing you know your brains in a hungry state and it's effectively utilizing and clearing those those metabolites you can do that it was it was very elegant demonstration and it kind of changed our understanding of brain energy metabolism as glucose being exclusive predominant fuel so in a fed state they were consuming for 100% of their brain energy metabolism was from glucose but only after being fasted did that change and he went on to write a number of reviews and went on with Dr. Beach who actually created and did the terms and they published together like he was a hostock with K-il wasn't he? A postdoc yeah he was a student of Hans Kreb actually and then yeah he was one of his best students from my understanding yeah from word of mouth yeah they went and they worked together in different capacities yeah I think you might have been a fellow with him I think most people listening to this if they can dig back to high school biology that that name Krebs will sort of ring a bell right should yeah yeah so you mentioned that that K-il shared with you stuff that wasn't even published do you remember anything that that was that struck you is super interesting that was unpublished yeah you know some things maybe not worth talking about yeah I don't know if he I do is some stories and then I heard some stories through other people too well I don't want to make you see anything that you're not comfortable saying about I would say some of the work that was done in animals definitely suggested that glucose could go lower even lower and that you could really transition your metabolic physiology to be fueled off fats and ketones and and that that was against what we knew these were remarkable observations that changed the whole context of what we knew about metabolic physiology and brain energy metabolism do we know today if the brain can use lactate directly as a fuel without it having to go through the choricycle yeah most certainly can I I think I think lactates actually a great fuel okay and that's one of the first fuels I got interested in when I was studying hypoxia and then later even hyperoxia was thinking about using lactate different forms of orally available lactate like polio lactate you know I think it's in the product cytomax if you remember for cycling I still use cytomax so so so so I was actually interested in that and that actually led me to ketones and then once I got more into studying ketones and discovered somehow it slipped past me all the years I thought I knew what a ketogenic diet was but then I went ahead about the history of the ketogenic diet being used for almost a century and it realized that it was like the standard of care for seizures and then understanding that these ketones can largely replace glucose as the energy source and then they have these signaling properties that are even independent of metabolism that are remarkable over the last five years a lot of these big labs are looking at the epigenetic effects of ketones functioning as class one class two histone just amazing yeah the functioning as a suppressor of the NLRP3 and flammazone producing less inflammation in a metabolic independent way so you obviously pretty quickly come to this idea that these ketones are interesting molecules and they're interesting for a couple of reasons at the very least what you just said which is they have signaling properties that make them kind of unique outside of the exogenous ketones though you have to also undergo a pretty extreme physiologic change at least in a Western culture to make enough of these to matter and you have to restrict carbohydrates and protein to get there so did you first personally get interested in this from a nutritional standpoint and then eventually through this exogenous pathway or vice versa yeah so ketone esters to my knowledge in 2008 didn't exist they actually did but I didn't I didn't know of them I discovered them on a DARPA website as some work that was being funded you know in developing of the ketone esters for warfighter performance but at the time when I just decided to go down the route of the ketogenic diet I reached out to Johns Hopkins and the crew there which is where the anti seizure therapy was pioneered right yeah it may occlinic first and then they work together with Hopkins I would say the bulk of the the work that was done to develop the protocols for the ketogenic diet which are in use today was developed at Johns Hopkins and I got Eric Kossoff books his book with the public's with John Freeman which was I just went out and did the classical ketogenic diet the four to one ratio so four parts fat and one part being protein and carbohydrates it equates out to 87 to upwards of 90 percent fat maybe 10 percent protein and like one or two percent carbohydrates so I mean it's like basically eating super low carb and then adding mountains of fat on top of that plate making like a super low carb meal with protein restrict and then add some butter and a couple cups of heavy cream with that and that's I started weighing everything out and what year did you start the 2008 I think in nine I think it was 2008 or nine that Eric Kossoff published the modified ketogenic diet which was more liberal and protein and increasing protein from 10 percent to 25 and 30 percent or 25 percent is a huge difference like you can that's actually a diet that I mostly adhere to now and I followed the ketogenic diet and I bought the strips were very expensive at the time there was a couple different kits that I got to measure my own ketones and you know I immersed myself in it I got obsessed with it and I wanted to know what it felt like to have a brain that ran on ketones and how high did your levels get measured in the blood I kind of struggled to get up there even with the classical ketogenic diets two and 2.5 I would typically with the classical ketogenic this is before MCTs so I wasn't quite using MCTs yet in 2009 I started incorporating the same time I discovered the modified ketogenic diet was the same time I started using MCTs and a modified ketogenic diet with MCTs got my ketone levels probably higher than the classical ketogenic diet which was just mostly you know a dairy-based long chain fat sort of derived so let's tell everybody how we make ketones and then we'll tell them what an MCT is for that yeah so let's talk about starvation ketosis and then if there's differences between that that are worth highlighting with nutritional that would be great but evolutionarily I'm going to deprive you from eating for a few days how do you survive well you start burning up your liver glycogen okay so it was 24 hours later you've got that down to about half of its half to let put a quarter of its supply through the suppression of the hormone insulin we start mobilizing fat from adipose tissue which are cells pretty much all cells in the body especially muscle in heart cells burned fat like a superior energy source long chain fatty acids don't effectively cross the blood brain barrier so through accelerated fat oxidation beta oxidation and fats in the liver that stimulates the accumulation of acetylcoe which forms acetylacetate and ultimately beta hydroxybuterate so you start spilling these ketone bodies through accelerated fat oxidation and the liver the liver lacks succinyl coa transferase so it does not actually use the ketone bodies for fuel and they become available for your brain essential nervous system and peripheral so the liver is secreting beta hydroxybuterate and the acetylacetate some extent okay so is the BHB being made and then being converted into acetylacetate or is the liver making both acetylacetate first and then beta hydroxybuterate and it's interesting that some people have a ratio beta hydroxybuterate to acetylacetate of two to one and some people five to one generally speaking about four to one so acetylacetate is unstable in that it can spontaneously decarboxylate to acetylone which is volatile and we blow it off in our breath. Does it have metabolic activity can we? It was thought that it didn't but more recent work is suggesting that the carbons of acetylone do find their way into sort of lipid biosynthesis and some other things but it's kind of rare for the fatate. It's not a great ATP or not no not really. It has some effect on neurons so it has an anti-convulsion effect through I believe opening a potassium channel which could hyperpolarize a membrane potential and actually help attenuate some hyper excitability in the brain so there are people that study you know the effects of acetylone as a sub-narcotic levels of acetylone right acetylone can be pretty narcotic and be problematic but acetylone levels that are 0.5 millimolar and even upwards of one millimolar can have a neuroprotective effect. Once you get above one millimolar you start to dissolve some of the membranes and you can have sort of a dozen of some. Yeah you have problematic you know acetone as a pretty powerful solvine right it's a nail polish remover but small levels of acetone are neuroprotective and that's actually something that we study. So how do acetylacetate and beta-harder acetylute enter the crebsycle in other words where do we get ATP from them? It depends on the cells so different cells have different we're looking at this now different catalytic enzymes right so they can feed in through a number of different pathways like I said the liver is the production site of beta-harder acetylute and when it comes to skeletal muscle they have a range of catalytic enzymes that can allow them to enter the crebsycle at different different areas. So succinate for example so you can replenish TCA cycle intermediates with succinate you can acetylacetate can break down and provide acetylcoa for the crebsycle. So what we're finding is that the crebsycle is not the simple cycle that we thought it was especially as it relates to cancer cells. So it's almost like we can't even look at the biochemistry book and kind of pinpoint different pathways with substrate level phosphorylation there are a number of different pathways like the malade, aspartate, shuttle that are associated with cancer cells if we go back to those pathways. Did you see that paper that came out in nature two days ago about aspartate being a rate limiting step in cancer metabolism in the mitochondria? And in Cia? I haven't bothered I were just talking about it today. It's interesting because the paper was part of it was written through a lens of hey this might be how metformin can exert some of its anti-cancer benefits by interfering with aspartate. I think it was interfering with degradation of aspartate but again I haven't read the paper yet just sort of the abstract but was yet another like I didn't know that. Wow every day I feel like I'm I feel like I'm getting dumber because the rate at which I'm being exposed to new information is exceeding the rate at which I'm assimilating it. So it just it feels like I'm on a downward spiral to stupidity. There are textbook pathways that I used to just rattle off and it all seems so simple and then you know I read three or four papers and I realize that I probably shouldn't talk about it in simplistic terms like that. We're kind of going down the rabbit hole of glutamine allysis right so glutamine is the fermentable fuel so ketones are a non-framentable fuel whereas cancer cells we use glucose and glutamine as the two primary fermentable fuels. It's funny I mean I know that biochemically I'd never thought of it in those terms though. Yeah. Yeah. It's not fermentable. That's interesting. So that's kind of what I'm thinking about you know in terms of ketone metabolism with glutamine so glutamine glutamine can make glutamate right and alinean and aspartate and lactate and glutamine elysis is kind of driven by the malleuspartate shuttle and that has become a major focus now of many cancer researchers are looking to target glutamine and it's not it's not easy. I mean because you have if you have a glutamate inhibitor that has tremendous side of that. Huge toxicity right yeah so we need to approach this in a very nuanced sort of way when it comes to targeting glutamine. Yeah so let's go back to the mct so you talked about how you started out in a four to one ratio which is interesting I started out four to one I spent three years on just four to one I never deviated from four to one but then you mentioned you went to two to one which is obviously much easier to do but you augmented with mct so mct of course stands for medium chain triglyceride there a type of saturated fat and they're of a certain length and I don't even remember anymore is it eight to 14 carbons is what we define as mct. Yeah eight to ten I think eight to 14 from in that but when we talk about the key to genic ones the they're more close to capitalistic capitalistic. Yeah so why it is spring? Why it isn't taking those make this process easier? When you consume them orally they are transported to the liver via a hepatic portal circulation and they're not packaged into Kyla Microns and you know long chain fatty acids when we eat them they're packaged in the Kyla Microns and then they go through essentially enter the lymphatic system and have a different route of entry they're metabolized totally differently whereas medium chain fats go directly to the liver through a patic portal circulation it's like a bolus of fat going to the liver and it's a type of fat that's rapidly oxidized right the liver is chock full of mitochondria so if I want to study mitochondria I'll take out a chunk of the liver and isolate it from that because that's the easiest thing to do so the mitochondria really burn up medium chain triglycerides very quickly and there's very high rates of fat oxidation the liver from an oral bolus of medium chain triglycerides so they're much less likely to be stored as fat there are source of calories and they can be incorporated into meals and into foods to further enhance and boost the ketone levels of the ketogenic diet or even if you're not on a ketogenic diet they can be consumed with a high carbohydrate diet and actually elevate ketones in the blood yeah I mean I've heard that but I've never actually measured it probably because I've only done this with liquid MCT which you end up getting to sort of GI tolerance becomes an issue probably before you get a high enough level but yeah if you're on a high carb diet and you consume I don't know two to three tablespoons of MCT how high could you reasonably expect your BHB to get depending on your absorption anywhere between 0.5 to 1 million molar. Vax high say yeah even on a high yeah if it's pure C8 maybe so with C8 you get about a 20 maybe 30% elevation above like a mix of the C10 CA which is generic there's some work being done that C10 may actually have some beneficial effects I mean that's kind of the idea behind the product exona that was on the market you know while back I don't know if it's on the market I don't know what it is yeah it's a basically C8 it's powdered C8 that was sold this you were C8 yeah you can order it like from Sigma or something like that yeah well I Dave Astro is brain octane is is Caprylic triglyceride and Peralo Nutrition makes captree which is a C8 oil so if you buy pure C8 not in triglyceride form the Caprylic if you just just straight for like acid yes that'll kill you I mean you you consume I bought I made the mistake early on and bought from Sigma Caprylic acid but not you had you need to buy out of Caprylic Trichester and hatch that mistake before investing I bought it from Sigma and I think I was going to use it in experiments and we're going to mix it you know with our ratchow and I wanted to go through legitimate source and I put a little bit on my finger and it kind of burnt my tongue off and I realized wait a second I think I need to try glyceride form of Caprylic acid I need to acrylic triglyceride yeah I almost killed myself you almost want a Darwin award yeah yeah you know I never released it if any time recently did that before accidentally killed himself have you had any experience with the powdered MCTs yeah yeah so powdered MCTs allow me to increase my ketone levels higher than and I used the quest powdered MCT formula there's a couple on the market now maybe yeah I have that of this stuff at home because I feel like anyone who's ever made a ketone product just somehow figures out my address and sends them to me so I have a pantry full of every type of ketone you can imagine but I haven't yeah you probably get more than me I just haven't got around to trying any of the MCT powder but I'm getting ready to do a long fast in a couple of weeks and I was thinking I really ought to get make sure I'm back in ketosis the week before I deprive myself of food for a week yeah so I was actually just thinking about this last week which is I got to fire up those powdered MCT and kickstart this thing because I don't have like a couple months to get fully adapted yeah they are great I mean MCTs are kind of like the poor man's ketone ester right so they are they're found in nature they're versatile you can incorporate even the powder the middle classes man yeah yeah given how expensive ketone ester is not enough that's right that's right yeah so I tinkered a lot with MCTs early on and increase my tolerability from maybe 30 milliliters a day to 150 milliliters a day well really nice hang on a second but that's ridiculous yeah when anytime I went to 30 and one sitting 10 tables been full yeah that's it's hard to fathom you need to incorporate it with food so I was spreading it what I found I needed to do was instead of doing intermittent fasting now which I pretty much do now I inquire I spread it out over like four meals and maybe would have a little bit of MCT in the coffee too and not including that in a meal so I was eating a modified ketogenic diet but spreading that MCT out with salad dressings putting it on vegetables and things like that and I was able to because if anybody's listening to this and it's trying to like they're just sitting there thinking how what could I do to do it to have a bowel prep like yeah the answer is just just just drink MCT it's you know it's better than fleets phosphosota you will you will spend the day in the bathroom and you'll you'll have a great call but you can work your way up to it so there's a number of transporters obviously that are up regulated and you are enhancing the breakdown and transported these and MCT's actually do cross the blood brain barrier so we did studies and rats where we took out their getting absorbed portally how do we know okay some of them I forget the percentage but I think in some people say it's like 50% of MCT is converted to ketones but I think it's something like about 20% of MCT's and it depends on the energetic state of the liver you know which is the master regulator and your your physiology in general but you have a fairly significant portion of the MCT's being converted to ketones but the MCT's do enter the blood and they can cross the blood brain barrier unlike the long-chain fats and they for example if you take out the hippocampi of rats that are eating an MCT-based ketogenic diet you'll find MCT levels are significantly elevated so they're crossing they're getting into the brain and the brain is utilizing MCT's as fuel and do we know if that has any anti-seasier effect independent of the ketone that might be produced alongside it? That's a big area of research right now that MCT's is functional fats and as you've never heard that term before functional fats. Yeah like well fats with drug like properties so I think there's a number of patents around C10 actually that I know they have in the UK I think it might be a pharmaceutical now so C10 actually has anti-seasier properties so there's some people argue that the effects of the ketogenic diet at least with MCT's is not due to ketones but actually due to the MCT's and not the ketones so there's a little bit there's a couple of groups out there that are sort of arguing that and I think they have a case but I think it's probably a comment it's definitely a combination of the ketones and the MCT's so MCT's do have interesting properties. Do you know Elizabeth Teal? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So I remember having breakfast with her about six years ago and asking her a question that at the time I don't think she knew the answer to and she was gracious enough to explain that and she was there with someone else in her lab so it was a very spirited awesome discussion but I wonder if the answer is known today the question was basically do you believe that the anti-seasier properties of a ketogenic diet are more the result of the brain having another fuel to display a glucose or due to the reduction in glucose that invariably accompanies ketogenicis and at the time she shared with me very compelling data that would could argue either of those points potentially suggesting it was the combination of them. Do you have a point of view on this or is there more information today that steers you one way or the other? Well I know she's done some work with the low glycemic index diet and so a so carbohydrate reduction but without the production of ketones. Yeah so a reduction it's carbohydrate restriction but only to the effect of maybe 20 or 25 percent you know. Yep. And then carbohydrates that are low glycemic index and what are the results of that intervention? For different types of seizures it can have a positive effect and for certain certain types of seizures. That's not the first line of therapy for you know very powerful tonic clonic seizures and pediatricers you want to go right to the Classical ketogenic diet but it does have a number of applications for different types of seizure disorders. And what about if you take someone on a fully carb diet who's having recalcitrant seizures and you give them ketone exogenous ketone does that have anti seizure benefit? Yeah so those studies have not been done yet and there's a study being recruiting right now for something called angelman syndrome which is a rare genetic disorder that has seizures where the exogenous ketones are the therapy independent of the diet so they're just being added on top of the diet. There are people out there because exogenous ketones are commercially available that are using this in place that the ketogenic diet because the families are either unwilling or for various reasons unable to use the ketogenic diet and they you know use arguing using exogenous ketones and the feedback that I'm getting could be biased but it does seem to have an effect. It obviously has an effect in animal models. The animal models that we work with we give exogenous ketones on top of a standard rat child which is high carbohydrate child and it it works very well for CNS oxygen toxicity but also for things like phenyline tetrazole seizures, PZTC seizures even for absent seizures we use a particular animal model with absent seizures or absent seizures or a workshop it works for that so it works for a variety of different seizure models independent we are circumventing sort of the dietary restriction that's typically associated with getting into therapeutic ketosis and just simply giving exogenous ketones and elevating exogenous ketones but a consideration is that exogenous ketones lower blood glucose so you have and in some cases it lowers it really low like the high dose ketone esters that we do in our rat models it pushes and rats typically maintain a glucose around 140 to 150 and it'll push it down to 40 so milligrams per decimal yeah and that's approaching the maximum tolerable dose of the ketone ester and it's interesting when we go above the maximum tolerable dose we actually see glucose levels spike up and this is the phenomenon that we see it's almost like it's stressing out the liver just regulating the liver in some way it's the data we're trying to figure out but if you titrate in ketone salts or ketone salt MCT combination or various ketone esters it's inversely proportional to as you elevate ketones you have a very predictable reliable decrease in blood glucose that's above and beyond the decrease in blood glucose that you'd observe with something like metformin and we use metformin for many many studies in a lab I mean we we've we have a lot of experience so what do we think you know it's funny I was up in San Francisco like a month ago and I was talking with Steve Finney who you know at the outside I said you're one of the people who I would say now is more about ketosis than anyone alive and certainly Steve would have to be in that category so I would if I were gonna just guess I would say that between you and Steve Finney if the answer isn't really known on ketosis the answer might not be known yeah so but and Steve and I were having this really fun discussion with a few other folks about why is it that the ketones are driving down the glucose levels and conversely and maybe this is a different question of course but why is it that when we do these experiments of you take somebody in nutritional ketosis and you make them do really really aggressive exercise you know do a two minute all out effort on the rowing machine that the ketones go way down and the glucose goes way up is it solely a consumption and hepatic glucose output issue is there something else going on you know and and I was like well I kind of always assumed that we knew the answer to that and that it was the explanation I had but you know it wasn't at the end of that discussion I was like actually I pretty much now don't think I know the answer to this question. I don't think we do I have three potential explanations one could be an exogenous ketone induced release in insulin that facilitates glucose disposal so where that happens you do get I mean it's not like consuming a protein bolus or carbohydrate bolus but you do get an elevation of ketones that's where that's how we moderate our ketone levels right so as our ketone levels if we're on the ketogenic diet and our ketones become elevated there's ketone area we pee out some ketones and there's a number of product but one is a ketone induced release of insulin which then feeds back on the liver to like a reostyle really and lowering beta oxygen which totally makes sense because that's the reason that someone with the hypone diabetes can get ketosodosis they they lose the checkpoint yep yep and other researchers like if you ask Richard Veech you'll tell you that insulin sensitivity is increased so the insulin that you have available and associated signaling is being enhanced in the presence of ketones so is that an immediate change or is that a change that takes place over a long period of time that that sounds like a long standing issue I think there's a number of regulatory things that happen I know in his study where rats were fed standard rodent child but 30 to 20 percent ketone ester I think within that child their baseline insulin levels went down like 50 percent so that's just simply by you know just the addition of the ketone just the addition of the ketone over time over I think it was like maybe a three week I got to look to see the study but it was it was consuming ketone ester that was integrated into the rat child over a number of weeks decreased baseline levels of insulin significantly I mean it was like a huge effect and the implications of that you know it was a rat study you know you can argue rat study but I can tell you experimentally that are just you know testing on myself that the same observation happens I can actually if I get a significant amount of my calories from exogenous ketones and I do that over several weeks and I measure my insulin it gets below the reference range whereas if I get back to regular ketogenic diet I'm always on the low end of the reference range but I did find if I can assume and the maximum tolerable dose of a ketone ester or ketone salt and then I measure insulin you know an hour or two after that I do get a little bump up an insulin but it's nowhere near the bump I would get up if I ate an equivalent amount of calories from protein or carbohydrates which would shoot me up to like you know eight or ten or something like that you know with a big dose but it's usually somewhere around I bump it up from like 1.5 to like 2.5 or 3 or something like that. Wow those are still super well and that's my baseline and it's usually between one and two. So is your IGF level changed in the years that you've been on ketosis have you tracked it much? I have not I've gotten it measured a few times but not reliably like I do insulin quite often like every two months or so like I'm doing that and if I'm doing experiment I may do multiple measurements of insulin like throughout the week but I haven't measured IGF one recently I did it a while back and I was just in the normal range but I wasn't fasting I didn't that's the one variable I wish I would have tried insulin was a second assume IGF one might have been oh yeah so just for listeners and stuff how do we measure ketones I mean people talk about urine strips versus blood what are you measuring in each and breath for that matter you've got three ways to theoretically measure these things which one do we prefer and why for a new beginning into this I think the urine ketone strips will at least tell you if your in ketosis or not in ketosis what is it measuring or you're measuring on it and what does it tell you urine acetoacitate is measured and now there's a urine beta hydroxybuterate kits that are available so you could do that so the Abbott Labs precision extra and the keto mojo are two devices that will measure basically an assay a home assay kit for beta hydroxybuterate and we have used both of those things and kind of measured it against various assays in the lab and blood that we send out for analysis and it's pretty close pretty close plus or minus maybe 10 or 15 percent what does the urinary level even though it's a qualitative assay but you know everybody says hey my urinary ketone thing lit up bright purple can we infer anything from that about the blood level of BHB or acetoacitate usually you know unless you're running kind of dehydrated you know if you have a normal hydration state and your urine acetoacitate is 40 milligrams per deciliter above you're probably hitting one millimeter or above if you're anywhere between 40 and 80 to I think 160 milligrams per deciliter so your in a state of ketosis I would if you're a 15 that's like a light pink or something you're usually probably not in a state what I would say ketone that might be a normal state if you wake up in the morning and sort of a fast-it-state you might be hitting that but generally speaking you need to be at about 80 milligrams per deciliter on the urine ketone stretch and the one thing I didn't do rather when I was doing my sort of long for a ketosis is I didn't use the urine meters at all I was just you know I was yeah I was keeping habit in business basically about how many of those precision extrude strips I was so I don't know if my urinary excretion actually declined over time when my body became better and better at retaining this potentially preferred fuel have you done anything on that either personally or in the lab so what we use in the lab is the clinic-tech status device and that device takes the c-mins 10 SG kit so the multi-stick so you can buy for a similar cost as the keto stick you could buy the c-mins 10 SG multi-stick and that measures 10 things including urine acetoacetate and you could take that urine strip and stick that in a device that will give you more of a quantified number I see so that's how you were giving me quantitative information on the urine because I've only seen the qualitative stuff well it's a color change on the strip that's measured in the device yeah so over the years I rejected urine ketone strips is something that just wasn't very accurate and the more I use them making hundreds if not thousands of measurements the more I gain an appreciation and that it can be a pretty useful device but I think it's it's kind of useful for the individual your hydration status definitely changes it I mean been in Ben and situations where I'm dehydrated where I've come out of the water after like a six-hour dive and I've beaten on those things and it's like it's like screaming and I knew I mean I did some diets where I purposely wasn't in ketosis for some of the research that we do and I was deep into into ketosis just because I was you know very very dehydrated I didn't know someone could dive for six hours I was on the NASA Nemo Extreme Environment Mission Operations trip so I was a crew member on that where I maintained I was lived in saturation for ten days and I had an hyper-American environment and that that involves like an 18-19 hour decompression to come out. It's a NASA sort of a Mars analog mission where you work with astronauts underneath the sea and I I maintained a state of ketosis throughout that whole mission and and did lots of lots of measurements on myself down there and I saw really when I one time I got out after maybe it was a six-hour EVA so essentially you're in a hyper-baric habitat on the bottom of the ocean and then you go out into the water and then you come back inside the hyper-baric habitat but when you're out in the water even know you're down in the keys the water water pools heat from you like 200 times faster than air so even though it's like you know upper 80s I come out of that hyper-thurmeric and dehydrated my blood glucose always was in like the 30s sometimes in the 40s when I was on a ketah I was testing some of the ketos supplements. Wow yeah. What were the other people experiencing under those circumstances? Well we'll find out with this my wife actually is a was selected as a crew member for NASA Nemo 23 I was on 22 and I did not get the IRB protocol approved to do all the metabolic studies that I wanted to do but I became an end of one on that and I collected a lot of data on myself so with this new mission we have the Nemo NASA Nemo 23 we'll be able to make some pretty comprehensive metabolic measurements including things like hemoglobin H1C we're going to measure inflammation HSCRP glucose ketones all these things on all the crew members. Interestingly this year it's a it's an all female crew so you have like Samantha Christopher Eddie the famous European Tracy Caldwell Dyson who I've known at NASA and my wife and it's all female so we'll have love some female data to go along with this. What surprised you the most in your end of one? What did you see that you least expected? I saw why predicted that the habitat would really trigger inflammation that was probably from the elevated CO2 levels and the elevated oxidator stress. I chose to stay in a state of ketosis with the idea that that was my baseline state. We're doing studies on sleep we're using the orring you're probably from over that on sleep and also the polar V800 to collect heart rate variability data gut microbiome we're doing body composition measurements we're doing stress so we use the NIH toolbox and and juggle to look at cognitive psych parameters so that data has not been shared to me so I don't know my wife collected some of that data and that's being analyzed you know later on for publication but from a metabolic perspective from a hormone perspective some of the things living in that environment for 10 days decrease my testosterone at a 25% decrease into testosterone from the time and so we're fairly maybe fairly sleep deprived I average about six hours of sleep per night but I was getting like two and a half hours of deep sleep which is more deep sleep very typically yeah I was like I don't know if it's something in our mind of how the sleep is being estimated in other ways you know if you think you're assuming you're giving that off the orring right yeah that was orring so the orring is measuring but I usually get about 90 minutes sometimes like last last night I got one hour and 53 minutes of deep sleep but I usually get about one and a half hours of deep sleep but I got over two hours every night and instead of seven hours sleep a night I was getting consistently just you know five to six hours sleep a night so where are you going to mostly shortchange done REM yeah on REM but my REM was even not that bad you show is getting about an hour you know an hour REM which is not as much as right yeah that's too low usually two is optimal for me I think so yeah we measured sleep the things that really stood out were being in the water really pushes my body into and being hypothermic really turns me into a fat burning machine my ketones go off the chart and my glucose goes way down and almost looks like a six hour EVA when I came back into the habitat look like I fasted for a week so I have all that data for that too that I need to compile and now should we be looking at that we meaning people as a potential way to replicate fast under a more stressful state looking at what just underwater yeah do you think it was a combination of temperature and pressure primarily that was driving that effect so over the holidays we went to Thailand and we did I did a lot of nightrocks dives something like thirty nightrocks dives and I made these measurements too and I did see trends for decrease glucose and nightrocks dives were doing like an hour maybe hour hour and a half dives at the most and I saw trends but nothing like the trends I saw in the saturation environment when we did these long EVAs so do you think that the temperature was different from the temperature the temperature really has to have a difference because you come out and you're kind of shaky you know even know you feel very comfy when you're down there the first two or three hours and then by the end the last you know four or five six hours for a longer EVA you start like shaking a little bit uncontrollably you know but it's kind of subtle even though the water's kind of warm like it feels warm but it's just you know your body temperature is going down and they were on the days maybe I wasn't getting as much calories as I as I needed I came out of that mission later than I've ever been before I came out when we got back to mainland and I stepped on the scale I was two zero seven which is super low for me ended up losing about maybe I went in kind of late because I was training for it I'm not a very good swimmer like you I had the really trained to meet like you it would be like a total day in the park for you to meet all the criteria for that but I had to train really hard to meet the swim requirements so I ended up losing a little bit of weight but when I came out I would definitely what did you mention I lost nine pounds and it came out seven so I went in two sixteen so I went in pretty late I'm like two twenty one now so last year I entered the mission at two sixteen and I came out like two seven which was like I thought the scale was wrong so even though I ate a lot of calories during that mission I met a ballad yeah my metabolic rate was really high you know and that that was a consequence of that is so interesting because it's those are two completely contradictory concepts to me on the one hand you're saying hey my glucose levels went down my ketone levels went up it looked like I had fasted for a week yep but of course if you fasted for a week you're metabolic rate would be going down and not up in fact you would expect to see a topo G skyrocket where as I'm sitting here as I'm listening to you thinking would a topo G have increased during a period of time or decreased I think anything that pushes glucose that low and ketones that high and I think not really without knowing it we're pretty task-loaded so you don't have all the time you know that much time to eat I mean part of the mission is that they're training this is part of if the only NASA analog where astronauts are actually part of the crew members like other things like high-c's mission or NASA hero mission actually uses everyday folks and they push them to the limits to see how they they can break them but the NASA Nemo mission is actually training sort of astronauts so they task-load you to see what you're doing and you don't have a whole lot of time to eat but I was I was consuming what my normal calories would be but I was under I underestimated my calories for this and I think it put me in a calorie deficit which probably decreased my testosterone may have it in my cortisol level increased but it was still within the normal range and you're away from the light so your circadian's probably a bit screwed up too being in the episode you have you're only at like 60 feet so you do see some of the light come down but but it's probably a little bit different then I'm a very light sort of sun worshiper like I always try to get some light in the middle you know in the beginning of the day and that that's part of something that I always do so it was a bit disruptive in so let's talk about ketone esters salts et cetera so yeah to your knowledge what's the first exogenous ketone that was ever manufactured is that the tally one or exogenous ketone manufactured so one three-butane dial has been around a long time since the 1950s actually MIT did some research as a space fuel so that kept there was a publication in 1975 where they were trying to identify and alternative energy fuel for long duration space flight and the best candidate was one three-butane dial which is sort of a synthetic compound that breaks down completely to beta hydroxybuterate meaning the liver is not required to transform it into BHB the liver is required yeah through a couple simple steps so sodium beta hydroxybuterate would be the first sort of ketone exogenous ketone that was used clinically and that there was a number of papers that utilized that for rare metabolic disorders actually so that would be the first one and a lot of the IP and you know sort of the patents that came out were sodium beta hydroxybuterate and then maybe explain for people what the difference is between a salt and an ester so we'll leave acetoacetate out of that for a moment yeah but if you talk about beta hydroxybuterate but you can have a c-l-state salt too so I can mention that so I didn't know that I thought it was only a dye ester so that's well definitely want to hear about that so on the BHB front people are sort of inundated with ketone salts ketone esters and then a whole bunch of complete like weird stuff like rastery ketones and stuff but let's just leave the nonsense off the table yeah but if you just talk about comparing a ketone at BHB ester to a BHB salt what's the chemical difference? yeah so a salt is just an ionic bond right between the ketone molecule and beta hydroxybuterate a monovalent or a dye valent cation or an alkaline amino acid like arginine, citrline, histidine, lysine so you can literally ionically bond beta hydroxybuterate to a number of different things the easiest thing to do is to bond it with sodium, potassium, calcium and magnesium. Now calcium and magnesium have two positive charges. You could put two to BHBs on them. That's the advantage sort of an advantage. And disadvantage I guess with magnesium BHB which is actually is very bioavailable magnesium I measured my magnesium after taking it. It went up quite quite high. Disadvantages that your GI tolerability to something like magnesium beta hydroxybuterate may be only somewhere between 1 to 3 grams. You know, 3 grams max produce. Wow, just not that mine. 1 gram, 3 times a day, at least for me had no issues. I could probably tolerate 2 or 3 grams per day. So it's nice. I mean it's something that's contributing. But ideally what you want to do with a ketone salt is because salt has a stigma I call them ketone electrolyte formulations. Yeah. It's to spread the beta hydroxybuterate out across monovalent and divalent canons. And they're the four that have the most utility. And then an ester of course is a covalent bond, not an ionic bond, right? Yeah. So you can take 1 3-butane dial and you could create a monoester with beta hydroxybuterate, right? And just add it do a transestrification reaction and combine that beta hydroxybuterate to 1 3-butane dial or acetoacitate. You can combine it with 1 3-butane or you could take glycerol. So with glycerol you can come up with a triester of glycerol which we have. Amazingly you're creating a triglyceride that is instead of 3 fatty acids with 3 BHP. It's pretty cool. Monarchal, yeah. So we have some experience using that. Yeah, I told a story like many, many years ago, I've heard about how I drank this jet fuel and almost thought it was going to go blind. Of course what I may have, what I may or may not have emitted from that story was that you gave it to me. So the key to honest today tastes to heck of a lot better than that earlier gen stuff. And I even when I told you that I just took the 50 ML Vile you sent and chugged it in one sitting even you were sort of horrified. You're like, way, way, way, way, way. You didn't read the note. I wrote you explaining how to dilute it and make it. We had talked about it. I mean, I had assuredly talked about it. You were very enthusiastic about getting started. Yeah. I couldn't resist. I was too. That stuff's unbearably bad. Yeah. So what I mean, whereas the keystone salts actually don't taste bad. They're they could be correlated. But they're awesome. Yeah. Yeah. So why does the ester, is there an obvious reason from an olfactory slash taste perspective why they are so staggeringly horrible? Yeah. At least they were and I mean, I'm told they're better today. Yeah. I would say the key to genic potency is inversely proportional to taste. So it just seems like, you know, the more the more potent these compounds get, even the the triester beta hydroxybuter aid, the, you know, is pretty nasty stuff. Meaning that glycerol triglyceride that? Yeah. It's a great molecule. I mean, it has like lots of, you know, tremendous utility. Well, making a ketone ester with one three-buting dial is really cool because the one three-buting dial is getting more substrate broken down. Yeah. So that goes into another question, the whole anantimer. So if you use the R beta hydroxybuter aid with the R one three-buting dial, then you can really get ketone levels up pretty high. And that would be sort of the delta g or the human, you know, ketone ester that's out there. It's the R and antwer. That would be the R. Yeah. The R. It's R. So you have, you can get recemic one three-buting dial, but that's the R anantimer of one three-buting dial with the R beta hydroxybuter. We explained to everybody what the R versus L means and the, yeah, the anantimer world. So beta hydroxybuter aid, not a pseudo-astate, but beta hydroxybuter aid has a stereoisomer. So if you put your hands together, the R beta hydroxybuter aid, or let's do D and L, let's do that. So the D would be equivalent to the R beta hydroxybuter aid would be the mirror image of the L beta hydroxybuter aid. And the pre-dominant form of beta hydroxybuter aid in the body is D beta hydroxybuter aid. We do have a rassimase enzyme that in various tissues that can convert the D to the L. So but when you're in nutritional ketosis or starvation ketosis, ketosis, you are making D anantimer of the BHB. Predominantly, yeah. So we do have the capacity to make the L, but it's pretty, pretty minimal. So that brings up the question. I think 99% of all the ketones salts being sold right now are rassimic. So they are the D and the L. When you give equal, yeah, yeah, they're equal amount. And there may be a concern there, but we don't know. So most of my research has actually been with the rassimic compounds and they were great, they're a cuticle. In pharmacology, there's a sorted history of getting the anantimer wrong. I mean, one of the famous famous stories I know of is fenomened. Health is a little might as well. Yeah. So that's right. Philitomide and fenphen were both examples of using the wrong anantimer. Yeah. Many pharmaceuticals like, I think ibuprofen and a like a fedron, you know, is rassimic and many of the drugs out there. So and things like ringers lactate, I think lactate is rassimic. Is it D now? It used to be rassimic. Oh, really? Thank you. I think you can get both. Okay. So you're saying look, physiologically exist at 90 10 D to L. And then you're buying something rassimic. You at least have to enter, shame the question, hey, am I ingesting something that might have a negative side effect? Yeah. And so the ketone esters, they're mirroring the physiology or they're just going mostly D presumably. Well, the human ketone ester for minor standing is completely D. So it's produced the D beta hydroxybuter A. Interestingly, elevating just beta hydroxybuter A and r c's your models. Even with the D does not have an antisusure effect. So that's actually why we went to the one three-butane dial. Sorry, say that again. Yeah. Do you say that if you use a pure D salt? A D salt or D D ester. Pure D salt or pure D ester. No antisusure effect with beta hydroxybuter A. We need it. And the animal model even suggests this if you just look even studies beyond our study is that you need to elevate acetoacitate has the antisusure effect. And we don't know exactly why that happens. The ketone ester that we work with, which is one three-butane dial acetoacitate diester, elevates beta hydroxybuter A and acetoacitate in approximately one to one ratio. Is that what you used to give me? Or was I just gave you a bunch of things. What was the one that was one asshole that tasted even worse than the BHB? Ester. Actually that yeah, that was the diester of acetoacitate. Yeah. And that's really potent. And it was bound to what? It won through the D dial. Yeah. That shit was from another planet of bad. I still have some because I've done shots of that. I like to just give it a few more. I put many gallons of that through me and done quite a bit of blood work and know pretty reliably at least in my body that it's not toxic and pretty much all the biomarkers go in a remarkably positive direction. But even know I know that it's not enough for me to even know it has that and that's no matter how great substance can be if it doesn't taste good. You know even me, I'm not going to take it. You know, even on a cast. I just think it's an aftertaste. Exactly. Well, I also remember you telling me because you sent them and I was like, oh, sweet. It'll be capsules because I had seen your animal data and I was like, I want that. And then you said, okay, well, I'll send it to you in capsules because you can't drink it. It's too bad. And I was like, perfect. Situation resolved and you said, and then not entirely, you'll still taste it through the capsule. Yeah. And I actually find it to be a great dinner party trick. Like, like who's the biggest, you know, tough guy here that just wants to show me how much of this stuff they can ingest? Yeah. I mean, we've done a lot of work with that Esther and it has remarkable effects, but we think it's probably more suited for like a medical food and something that could be sort of a parental, you know, IV therapy. So who first synthesize that? So I reached out to Henri Brunin Graver at Case Western, who was the director of the Metabalomics and I each funded, I think, Metabalomics Corps at Case Western. And I reached out to everybody, but I, to who had any experience, you know, either researching with ketoneesters or synthesizing them. And he kindly gave me the recipe on how to synthesize it that was above and beyond the patent. It was actually a detailed recipe on how to use a Cougarode distillation apparatus where to get the very few present. You didn't already know how to do that? I knew it was too. I'm sure past it. Well, actually, so Patrick Arnold, as you know, kind of helped me with the art. So an organic chemistry really is an art, you know, to be able to do this. And Patrick is an artist. Patrick is an artist and he thought this was like shady stuff in the beginning and I kept sending him papers and then he realized that this could be something big, you know, he realized that the science was there and there was a lot of big players in this field who had done remarkable research, but this didn't really have what it took to like actually make it a product like synthesizing and the stuff that you actually consume. I became obsessed with Patrick after all this stuff happened and he's actually introduced him to Tim and in the show notes to this, I'll make sure that we link to Tim's podcast with Patrick. Which I'd love to have Patrick on the show at some point too to talk about this. This should be shown to be shown to be shown to be persisting, but that episode with Tim and Patrick is so interesting. It's like if you have any interest in endocrinology in sort of like how the hormones work, how steroids work, it's yeah, it's just what I character. I owe a lot to Patrick. I don't think I probably wouldn't have gotten tenure without PIO so much to him. So I need to acknowledge him for that. That there were academic icons out there who could not do what Patrick did for me and he was pretty persistent in doing it. So he synthesized first the monoster and then it was a mix of monoster and diester, but he nailed it down to you know ultimately getting the art of the organic chemistry to where it's pretty much pure diester. He's such a wonderful human being anytime I email Patrick a question which invariably I do have like clinically I have a question about a hormone or there's no text book that knows the answer. There's no paper that knows the answer. I'm like Patrick. I got a crazy question for you. Even if he doesn't know the answer I mean he'll have a more thoughtful insight than you can get anywhere and it speaks to his capabilities. So first of all you've shared to me something I didn't actually know today that's really interesting which is this notion that if you are purely using the D and Antimer you do not get any of the anti-seizure benefits. Whereas if you're at 90-10 presumably you're getting them. So you don't need a lot of the L but you need some of L. Yeah I don't think there's any studies that show using an exogenous ketone in the form of pure beta hydroxybuterate is beneficial. So what we do know is that when you deliver exogenous ketones in a beta hydroxybuterate to a c2acetate ratio of 1 to 1 that that has pretty remarkable anti-seizure effects and there was some studies that were done with the c2acetate and also some studies that were done with acetone showing anti-seizure effects. So I do think it's the c2acetate is necessary. So what we don't know I don't think that resemic salts or resemic esters or esters that produce both D and L beta hydroxybuterate are a concern. I have not seen data to suggest that these would be a health concern. There are companies out there that are selling 8 million sort of doses per month of salts that are resemic in nature and there have been sort of no consequences from that that have been reported. So how are so many companies able to do this? Is there no IP in the salt world anymore? I don't think there is IP for the key. I think some of the early patents may expire so I don't think there's actually there's some intellectual property with formulations of acetone salt and acetogenic fat and MCT and that's some of the stuff that my university has and there's some composition and matter patterns and maybe some use patterns around the D salts I think and maybe the D ketone esters. So at this point in time do you think that the ketone salts have more physiologic benefit than the ketone esters just as a function of having a higher amount of the L and anantomer? So I think when it comes to purely a metabolic fuel I think the D beta hydroxybuterate has some advantages, right? So we also know that in regards to some of the signaling effects, especially the inflammation, the NLRP3 and flammazone is suppressed by beta hydroxybuterate both the D and the L form and we know that when we consume resemic ketone salts in the D and L form the L form tends to stick around longer and gets metabolized slower so conceivably that could be having a stronger anti-inflammatory effect because you have a ketone body and endogenous metabolite that's functioning as a very powerful signaling molecule that's suppressing an inflammatory pathway so the concentration just tends to get higher. You know that that's my view of it so we haven't really studied that in detail but the lab that did some of the work on showing the nature medicine paper that showed the NLRP3 flammazone was suppressed by beta hydroxybuterate it occurred both in the D and the L form. We do know that the L form gets metabolized slower so the concentrations and the tissue may actually reach higher levels so what we have observed is that the recemic beta hydroxybuterate has a glucose lowering effect so we're trying to figure out but we're not so pretty bad. We also see that in the pure and the pure and the pure tumor. I've seen that with the human product which is obviously a pure D BHB I think they're seeing about a 20 to 30% reduction in glucose do you see more than the it tends to be the case yeah it tends to be the case especially with one three-buting dial you see it and maybe it's a redox shift in the liver that's what honorary brunin grabber thought but it's pretty remarkable and when we compare so I have some products in my bag I'll give you I have I've been doing a lot of work with D salts so I've been consuming D salts and pretty high levels that bring my ketone levels up pretty close to an ester so you can formulate sort of D salts how high if the elevation of my ketones gets more than three millimolar I just start feeling a little bit weird you know which is interesting because you've experienced naturally occurring ketones that much higher than that level yeah but I don't actually am a pretty good ketone burner so you could you could do a glucose tolerance test I do a ketone tolerance test the ketone tolerance test is consuming a known amount of ketones and looking at that pharmacokinetic curve so you measure so you'll do fasting level of B.H.B. Glucose insulin fatty acid and just your ketone and then measure at 30, 60, 90, 120 minutes and athletes have when you challenge them with a ketone tolerance test I'm creating like a new test year they actually dispose of ketones and utilize it remarkably if I when you take a couch potato and this the same as the couch potato rats you could push a couch potato rat into keto acid doses if they're older their tissues are not effectively utilizing the ketones for fuel and I've seen that in some individuals and some people I've get hundreds of emails and people show me their data and one packet of even a commercial ketone product on the market can shoot some people up till like five or six which is like that in just a bit clear in the ketone tolerance test which by the way I freaking love this idea how have you not told me about until today holding out on your best amount it's just materialized in my brain what am I going to call it you know next time you get one of these ideas just pick up the phone you know my number you call me and you tell me this stuff this is your it's like your hold now I want to make sure I understand something is this independent of whether or not that athlete was in ketosis before or after in other words how much of that utilization is a function of the metabolic machinery in the muscle utilize ketone versus hey athletes are just better at oxidation to begin with. Fatadapted athletes are very good ketone utilizers and have a hard time elevating their ketone levels with the ketogenic diets. The ketocytone carbathlete who's still fit as a fiddle. Yep. Yep. You do this test. Yep. How do they behave? Not as well. And I do think that high-performing athletes probably are bouncing in and out of ketosis right you have post-exercise ketosis just from the energy or depletion that you get during exercise. So their bodies are probably used to seeing ketones using them as fuel but if you take someone who's a real keto adapted fat burning like ketone machine and you you hit them with high doses of ketone they tend to dispose of them very quickly. So they've upregulated ketone transport across membranes across the blood brain barrier through the MCT transporters which are upregulated we need to. And this of course is not the same MCT that we talked about earlier. No, no, these are monocarboczilla acid transporters. It also transport things like lactate and pyruvate and because the MCT transporters are much higher and more dense in the membrane you could probably clear lactate faster. So I think that may contribute in part to why keto adapted athletes produce less lactate. It's funny you say that I hadn't thought of that actually. I didn't realize that in ketosis you upregulate MCT. I've always suspected that that might play a role in the genetic differences between athletes. Why do some athletes seem virtually unparallized by anaerobic activity and it's like look if you can shut a lactate out of the cell quick enough you can recycle it and reuse it. We actually tried to get an IRB of an N of 1 and getting Ryan Flarity who I don't know if you know Ryan. Yeah, you'll know of him. Yeah, so Ryan and I and a couple of other guys tried to get an N of 1 IRB at UCSD to do muscle biopsies on ourselves pre and post a certain type of nutrition exercise routine. We wanted to implement that Ryan has sort of pioneered with with a number of endurance athletes and that was our that was one of our endpoints was could we see an abregulation of MCT because the hypothesis was the certain type of training stress was going to lead to that which would obviously increase our performance at a certain level of output but super interesting to think about that through the level of the ketone potentially enhancing that signaling. Yeah, it is a lot of things to think about there. So I'm going to caveat my next question with a really serious caveat but it's also a very serious question and I was sort of on the fence about whether I'd ask you this or not but I'm going to say screw it I'm going to ask you anyway. I'm going to caveat this by giving the disclaimer which is your PhD scientist you do basic research you are not an MD you are not an oncologist and nothing you say is going to be construed as medical advice. So with with that said I still have to ask you a question which is if tomorrow you your wife someone you cared about deeply was diagnosed with cancer and it was a cancer for which all standard therapies had been exhausted and you were now left to the best insights you have with respect to your knowledge of cancer metabolism tell me what pulling out all the stops looks like and again what I'm this is in the context of you've taken and you are complying with all chemotherapy, the radiation therapy, hormonal therapy, surgical therapy etc but you're losing right so something else needs to be done what what is that combination of that something look like so I guess I mean when we think about the worst cancer worst case scenario who would have pancreatics pretty bad but probably glioblastoma would top the list of things right and would your answer be different if I was asking you about pancreatic adenocarsinoma versus GBM? I think you know it would be there's things like with pancreatic cancer can make it hard for someone to fall the ketogenic diet right because and liver cancer and things like that so they need to approach it a little bit different and you could have a lot of unexpected consequences metabolic consequences by someone with liver cancer if they have heavy liver meds or let's make it similar and bring cancers let's talk about GBM and metastatic breast cancer okay so start with GBM you're loved one or you have GBM? Yeah I would say it would be useful not necessarily you know absolutely necessary to ask for an FDG pet scan do a pet CT and especially I mean with GBM it's gonna light up lighters no tomorrow right so just for the listener so FDG pet means you take glucose you label glucose with a molecule and then when you do the pet scan shows by lighting up anything that absorbs that and the most rapidly metabolizing tissues of glucose light that up which is almost always any cancer and then a brain normally lights up so a brain with cancer takes that to another level yeah so you're doing that to document that this is a high glycolitic tumor yeah okay so even now there's a lot of experimental things going on for GBM but pretty much the standard of care is not offering any survival advantage when it comes to this so we did GBM is uniformly fatal I believe the five the five your survival is almost zero yeah yep and the mutation rate in GBM is very very heterogeneous in regards to the number of mutations so many of the standard of care therapies that target specific pathways just are not efficacious because you have a grossly mutated cells throughout the tumor so I'd probably my answer would default back to this press pulse idea that we published in nutrition metabolism is that the one in 2017 which uh no actually so the the 2017 paper was in seminars in cancer and that was with oncologists at the Mothac cancer center where we discuss how the ketogenic diet essentially targets the warburg effect and in doing so really targets all the home marks of cancer so any cancer biologists you know is writing a review on paper like you know you talk about the home marks of cancer there's enhanced proliferation evasion of immune system and geogenesis all these different things evasion of apoptosis the ketogenic diet nutritional ketosis actually targets all those things and even the aberrant metabolism and the increase in inflammation that it's you know is now a hallmark of cancer so from the press pulse the the simplest way to describe it at least it's implementation which I think is probably most important for the listeners is to achieve a glucose ketone index so press essentially means you were providing metabolic stress to the cancer cells that can stop their rapid growth in proliferation it's like taking the your foot off the gas pedal of cancer cell growth and there's a number of things that we could do to slow down cancer growth in proliferation and metabolically stressors cancer cells and that can be done continuously and pulse protocols you have a wide expanding toolbox of modalities that can be used in an intermittent fashion that can be sort of tactically used at different time points to kill off the cancer cells that you have applied the press stress to so press protocols which are done continuously would be something like a calorie restricted ketogenic diet perhaps with intermittent fasting perhaps a low dose met foreman and what was the ketone to glucose ratio you want to see I would want to see anywhere between a maintenance of one to two meaning that's the glucose to ketone ratio I daily maintenance of one to two yeah so so glucose should never be more than twice the ketone level when both are measured in ideally in a perfect scenario three millimeter ketones three millimeter glucose so that's kind of hard to achieve but not not with a number of tools so there's a number of tools that you can use to achieve that and that needs to and there are things that we could talk about too so the fastest way to get to a glucose ketone index of and maintain that of one to two would be what I would call supplemented ketogenic intermittent fasting right so when you eat within a restricted time window say of like six hours a day you start eating at you know 2 p.m. and finish at 8 p.m. scenes relatively easy to do and within that fasting window if needed you could consume calories in the form of perhaps exogers ketones and that would further lower glucose and elevate ketone levels like within a range and they are commercially available ketone products on the market millions are being consumed and there's no kind of adverse effects you know when you compare it to something like a red bull which you'll find lots of adverse effects so there's fairly good safety data but this needs to be said but the difference is red bull sponsors a formula one team so it's exactly yeah yeah so these things are relatively safe and their utility are that you know they can help you achieve a glucose ketone index and when you do have a glucose ketone index of one to two you are limiting for meantable fuels to the cancer cells and also most likely suppressing the hormone insulin tremendously to get there and and because I'm sure you'll be asked or I'll be asked is the reason you are applying an intermittent or time restricted feeding algorithm to this because during the fasted time you increase ketogenesis or because there was something specific about having complete liver and gut rest in other words is there a reason that an individual should or should not consume exogenous ketones and or MCT during the fasting window yeah I think if it's difficult for them to achieve a glucose ketone index of one to two one of the tools in the toolbox could be to consume exogers ketones during that fasting period I think it can be help and you can also consume them during the feeding period too and they provide an extra source of calories that's a non-framentable fuel and I think have a benefit in and of itself you could just talk about the anti-inflammatory benefits you know I think there's a number of different so that's press protocol is pretty aggressive yeah and and it could also have things like meditation and yo I mean and exercise of course low intensity exercise I think but the most important thing from my perspective of the press so we're just talking about the press is to get that glucose ketone index to one of the better or one to yeah yeah one to two or better and then once that is achieved or concurrently so you could think about different modalities for the pulse protocol so changing your metabolic physiology with what we just described will have a huge effect on targeting the warberg effect and also will be already targeting all the hallmarks of cancer so you have a different person you have just changed that person's metabolism you know I mean the glucose ketone index of the average Joe out on the street is probably the only something like 25 or 50 it's like nowhere near that right right so you are literally changing the metabolic physiology of that person so modalities that they may be resistant to or completely failed may have an effect now so chemo radiation may be immune based therapies may be working now but it's an important point right we view this as in as an edge so you could do a neo-ag event concurrent or adjuvant approach so and I think that what I just described can be used as a neo-ag event concurrent and an adjuvant approach yeah so people talk about cancer approaches as look you you want to think about the legs of a stool so you take a chemotherapy to approach you take a radiation approach you take an immune based approach and you take a surgical approach those are really the four pillars of cancer treatment today yeah you're basically saying look there needs to be a new type of oncologist which is the metabolic oncologist so you have a surgical oncologist or radiation oncologist you have a medical oncologist you know have an immunoconologist why don't we have a metabolic oncologist yeah things will lead that way and just by the research that's being done now the huge amount of research being done even on oncometaballates and all the genetics people are now focusing on the how metabolism is influencing genetics metabolism is a driver for our biology and influencing epigenetic expression so you know the work I'd like to also point to the work of a friend of mine and colleague Adrian Sheck who was did her work at the Barrow Neurological Institute which demonstrated in a mouse model GL261 I think model of Gleoblastoma that using Tema's olamide and also radiation with really focusing on radiation that being in a state of nutritional ketosis made radiation therapy many many times more efficacious and that mouse model which is kind of a gold standard model for GBM it actually cured the GBM in that mouse model using the ketogenic diet combined with whole brain radiation so that was a pretty significant finding that actually spearheaded some of the ketogenic diet clinical research that's being done research this was done with dietary or nutritional ketosis not exogenous supplementation not it did she went on to do some work with exogenous ketones and looking at how ketones can reprogram the metabolism and ketones can actually have they are like cox2 inhibitors they inhibit reactive oxygen species which is driving growth and proliferation so that work spawned research just on ketones by themselves in her animal model so what is in your pulse pulse protocol can be varied so hyperbaric oxygen therapy at what frequency three generally speaking so with the GBM you have to so a consequence of the GBM could be seizures right so getting hyperbaric oxygen therapy with a GBM is going to be true so yes you have to start very low probably like somewhere around 1.5 at a and then work up gradually from there based on the individual person but generally speaking the research that we did showed that not five days a week which is typically used for wound healing but I do think there needs to be a day off for adaptive effects to happen so three days a week 2.5 atmospheres for 60 minutes three times a week and that produces well reverse tumor hypoxia for one thing so hyperbaric oxygen increases tissue oxygenation not by hyper oxygenating hemoglobin but it actually gets oxygen into the plasma and that's a very important thing because meaning you solubleize oxygen within the plasma yes because you can't really super saturate the hemoglobin. Yeah you're in the top of the curve yeah you and I are sitting here I don't know this air here but your your hemoglobin is essentially saturated you know probably 96 98% but the hyper oxygenation that occurs with hyperbaric oxygen therapy and this is why oxygen therapy does not work independent of an increase in pressure right so the increase in pressure is needed to dry the oxygen into the plasma and once it's in the plasma tumors have a radic vasculature right and then the red blood cells get caught inside the capillaries and the vasculine the oxygen doesn't get into the tissue inside the tumor but if the oxygen is in the plasma it can get past and all into the nooks and crannies of the tumor and then reverse tumor hypoxia which is tumor hypoxia is driving hip one alpha and veg F and causing oxygenacrisation. Ironically you're taking something that is initially a deficit of cancer which is its hypoxia but then it utilizes it as it's an advantage by saying hey I'm going to work around this it's going to make me more resilient it's going to allow me to exist my vasculature boom but you're saying hey buddy that little advantage you had that was a disadvantage we're going to reverse it we're going to hyper oxygenate you know we're going to take away your hypoxia and also in class for your radicals. Yes so you have a dual effect right so you are silencing the oncogenes you're turning off some of the oncogenes and also by hyper oxygenating a tumor which it's baseline is to be in a in a state of hypoxia by supersaturating the tumor with oxygen and that tumor tissue has damage mitochondria because hypoxia damages the mitochondria so basically your hyper oxygenating a whole bunch of damage mitochondria and essentially what that does is skyrockets superoxid anion which then through fentany chemistry so when you have a lot of free iron and all that you got a whole bunch of heement stuff that's being broken down the tumor so you have a lot of free iron driving the fentany reaction and which is producing hydroxyl radicals and that causes a massive oxidative stress specifically to the tumor and you're delivering a massive oxidative stress to the tumor while it's relatively non-toxic to healthy cells that have normal metabolism right because the tumor is thriving in a low oxygen environment and you're reversing tumor hypoxia and hyperoxygenating it and you have this environment which is just fueling redox stress you can then trigger a poptosis and endocrosis really driving the crosis in these tumor cells so hyperbaric oxygen delivered at the maximum tolerable dose three times per week and you could further enhance the oxidative stress of the tumor by something that's a lot of people haven't heard of this but I v vitamin C so vitamin C if given intravenously you could have brought up to about 100 grams about you could yeah 25 to 100 grams is kind of pushing it but vitamin C ascorbic acid also functions as a glucose antagonist you gotta make sure you have dextrose on hand if it's yeah but not if you're in a state of ketosis right so if you're in a state of ketosis so I did a pretty high dose vitamin C but being in a state of ketosis you can tolerate higher amounts right do you know what your glucose drop to so when you measure your glucose when you're getting vitamin C you get a false positive on the meter falsely high you get falsely high well at least the habit precision extra yeah yeah yeah yeah it's just you know when you measure that meter that assay on the meter is also sensitive to the pH of your blood to and there's a re-dox shift and right a scorbic acid is a powerful reducing agent and then that might be altering the the assay so it's not able to get my glucose like skyrocket I know I went into a hypoglycemic but my ketones were elevated and I took a pretty big hit you know a vitamin C and I was just doing it just for the you know the self experimentation that right so but what's the thought here so so lots of people thought about stress so vitamin C driving the fenten reaction to produce more oxidative stress so vitamin C is a pro-oxidant when you get blood levels of vitamin C in the millimolar concentration then it becomes a pro-oxidant it's not an antioxidant so we're not using antioxidants or definitely you don't want to use it yeah I was going to come back to that but the next thing is I'm sure somebody listening to this is going to say well I don't have access to i.B. vitamin C if I want to through that you can't do it you can't do it or really because of what it's not you can't get it out of the gut enough you can't you can only get like a very small amounts and then you know you're got auto-regulates it too so you just let's get to the next thing you said which is again highly counter intuitive to most people we're hardwired to think that there's nothing better for you than anti-oxidants yeah but paradoxically once you have cancer that might not be the case yeah so I think antioxidants may be blocking some of the efficacy of some of the the some of therapies too right because many chemotherapy-drucks their function works through enhancing oxidative stress radiation sure does so radiation maybe 20% of the cancer killing effects of radiation are due to damaging the DNA with double you know double strand nicks but 80% of the tumor killing effective radiation is by the generation of reactive oxygen species now does that mean you can't have blueberries and things that have low levels of antioxidants I would say no but you don't want to kind of saturate your body with a cocktail of antioxidants like you don't want to do a glutathione push right after you do same with an AC see you wouldn't have an AC I personally would not I don't I don't think none of the cancer studies and animal models or humans are supportive of the use of the antioxidants and that was a big focus of me I mean during during my PhD I wanted to do a postdoc research in antioxidant cocktails that were going to save the world and none of the research on antioxidants really paned out in my mind there's a couple things you know maybe for mitochondrial antioxidants for like free drinks a taxid maybe a ls and some research there but it's pretty subtle benefits but in the context of cancer no I don't I don't think antioxidant should be avoided anything else in your pulse protocol yeah I mean there's a lot of things that you could add so with the press protocol I think a low dose of metformin could be helpful too so that will activate amp kinase maybe decrease insulin a little bit maybe increase ketones a little bit too and it's just a readily available cheap drug that has a very good safety profile 500 milligrams to 2000 milligrams a day are usually well tolerated probably starting with 500 milligrams and working up but when it comes to the pulse protocol hyperbaric oxygen IV vitamin C and there are a number of drugs that we're working with now one would be 2D oxyglucose which in and of itself from a seizure world and I've I've been a reviewer in for the government for different grants and stuff and this is in the context of epilepsy 2DG is sort of like the ketogenic diet in a drug so by inhibiting glycolysis it has this gets back to the question right you have no ketones but you inhibit like a litic pathways perhaps even like reduce sort of m2 or signaling or some glycolytic and that may have anti-seusure effects so 2DG is something that we're working with now I think it was 2DG originally developed for pharmacologically I've been around for a long time for a long time I think maybe it was just in the realm of experimental compound but I know there's phase 2 trials in cancer the problem is it becomes cardio toxic above say 50 milligrams per kilogram I know can be I know there's some evidence that cardio toxicity but at 25 milligrams per kilogram at least on some of the grants that I reviewed that was how to pretty good safety profile for epilepsy so you know not making any recommendations out there but I think 25 milligrams per kilogram seems to be within the realm of therapeutic efficacy and this is being studied in humans and they're out of phase 1 so this you have phase 1 day and the epilepsy world yeah and I think there's some cancer trials going on too and I do think that synergizes really well once you create the environment where you put the press protocol into action then the cancer cells become even very selectively vulnerable to other things like 2DG will inhibit a glycolitic pathway that drives the pentoth phosphate pathway and that pentoth phosphate pathway is responsible for enhancing the endogenous antioxidant capacity of cells so it makes the cancer cells even more vulnerable to oxidative stress the more you can inhibit the glycolitic pathways so 2DG to dichlorocity is something that we've worked with to inhibit its pdh complex and that can DCA drug that's been on the market for a long time it's a small molecule as yeah it's been on the market for a very long time and what's it's normal use it's normal use is lactic acidosis actually so one of the side effects of metformin right is is once you start increasing the dose of metformin and escalating the dose the problem that you run into it's still it's it's a very powerful activator of amp kinase it's effects are primarily through the liver you know inhibiting gluconeogenesis and it's a mitochondrial toxin through we published a paper that it increases loss production from the the complex one of the mitochondrial so it's a himid in complex one correct it's inhibiting yeah mildly inhibiting complex one and it's triggering what the cell experiences as an energetic crisis and that you know it has an activation of amp kinase too so you are creating a scenario where that's putting a lot of persistent metabolic stress on the tumor cells and then you come in here with different modalities that have overlapping but independent mechanisms at producing oxidator stress so hyperbolic oxygen IV vitamin C and then cancer specific like the lytic inhibitors 2D oxyglucose 3 bromo pyruvate and low nidamine low nidamine is also hexicanase 2 inhibitor and those 3 drugs that I mentioned right there they are very powerful and they need to probably be used in two weeks on two weeks off and somebody's listening to this and they're thinking well how the heck could I ever do this are there physicians out there who are obviously doing this under the full and legal umbrella of ethical medical practice is everything that's talking about purely theoretical or their ways to actually have these things implemented I think there are some physicians out there that are probably not making it public but I think they are getting success with doing 25% of what I just talked about you know they're not doing all these things but everything that I just mentioned is readily available I mean you could most of the compounds in IV vitamin C hyperbolic oxygen therapy can be costly if you don't have a hard shell chamber but I like that with radiation if you're giving radiation to your body or it's like going in there with a flame thrower and you have a lot of collateral damage whereas hyperbolic oxygen naturally elevates the precursor for oxygen free radicals and the cancer cells selectively produce more oxygen free radicals so it's a very gentle approach and instead of thinking that we should just go in there and eradicate the tumor I think it's it's more appropriate to give sort of a gentle stress to the tumor so the therapy that I'm describing if the patient goes into it they're going to come out of it stronger than they were going into it and when you've fatted down and keto adapt your body so many metabolic biomarkers start to go in the right direction when you go in for chemotherapy and radiation and you measure things after your body's work in flammatory mess I mean you're metabolically deranged your insulin resistant you are pushing things and you have chemo brain on top of that that may not be reversible the suppression of your immune system with chemo is setting you up for more cancers potentially other cancers so the scenario that we envision is a comprehensive metabolic based therapy where you go into it and it's a more gradual approach and you start adding these modalities sort of as you go you know get the patient acclimated you know with that glucose ketone index of 1 to 2 and then start utilizing some of these other therapies you could potentially put someone on an IV right and pulse a low dose of insulin to make them hypoglycemic even one or two millimolar and then deliver some of these agents where you've really restricted the different mannable fuels so I was you know I'm a reviewer on different manuscripts that are coming in and some of these academic and clinical oncologists are actually suggesting this in you know medical hypothesis papers now and that's kind of counterintuitive because you'd think well we don't the last thing you want to do for a tumor is give it insulin because this is so because this is pulse a tile and it's acute and the amount of insulin it's not like 20 I use it's something like one or two I use so the patient comes in fasted and you give them just a little bit and that's facilitating mostly facilitating glucose uptake in the skeletal muscle so making it less available for the tumor right and that creates its scenario where you produce severe what would typically be fatal hypoglycemia and you could deliver ketones you know as an insurance and and also deliver some of these agents that would you'd probably dramatically sensitize that tumor tissue to the other modalities and and I know so I mean what I didn't talk about when I did this seven day fast like years ago I brought my glucose levels down really low and I got to a glucose ketone index of one or maybe even a little bit lower than one so you were about what three to four on each of them yeah well my ketones were about four five and my glucose got down to three so that was the lowest I ever like captured and that was just a seven day fast yeah after seven day you know after a bris walk at the end so I never got like ketone seven or a like I got it like four you know after like a long fast but then I did inspired by the k-hill study I used various strategies to bring my glucose level down you know pharmacological strategies and I did it slowly and just do me a favor dumb I really would be kind of pissed off if you like off to yourself doing dumb shit because I think the world kind of needs you to stick around so yeah see if you can just maybe get an IRB to do this in the mice or something yeah anything that would break my heart more than getting a call from your wife saying yeah dumb died of some freak hypoglycemic crazy accident what's the longest fast you've ever done well that was it and I was pretty adapted and the point I was kind of getting to that I brought my glucose down to where it was not even measurable but with exogenous ketones she's I was the meter didn't even read it so that to me and I did that years ago that motivated me more to basically focus on this area of research as sort of like my life research because it validated to me that this should not be happening and the ketones are an alternative energy source that can be utilized in these metabolic based therapies that can be game changers for for and we also study glucose transporter type 1 deficiency center which is the inability and people who have let one D don't get cancer to my knowledge I've talked to the doctors and they've never came across anyone with glucose transporter so that's kind of motivating too that you can carry a therapy for that that could sort of be a magic well what's interesting is this is sort of in many ways old school science right where scientists would begin by sort of experimenting on themselves identifying unnatural or extreme physiologic conditions that are not predicted by the current understanding and then that sort of provokes further investigation remind me again at the end of that seven day fast how much did you deadlift yeah I did 500 pounds for 10 and then I did sort of a one rapper at the end was six plates or a 585 but that's below my you know normal but it was it was amazing to me that you know I didn't want to push my body too hard but it was amazing that that amount of fasting does not really impact your how much of a verdict so what was your max at that time at that time what was tinkering around with like you know ketogenic diet and fasting a lot but within a year of that time I forget it was before after I did 675 for 5 and maybe 5 I did 555 for an 8 to 10 so so I did you know an extra plate for 8 to 10 but I went into this basically I felt like it did more I could have done more but I just wanted to stop I didn't want to hurt myself because I knew I was pushing the at that point and I didn't get sore at all so I did that and it wasn't like my body was broken down and sort of in a depleted state where I was wasted the next day I felt I didn't even have to recover from that like I had no lower back soreness the next day after that so I probably was like I probably could have not heavier but it was just validation to me that if you're in a keto adapted state your body is very resilient and from a military standpoint too which we work pretty closely with the military I'm trying to sort of get them to understand this idea that if you are fat and keto adapted and your faced and all steer conditions with limited food availability you could maintain your physical and cognitive resilience in those conditions which is pretty clear to me I was pretty much obsessed with eating like 6 meal a day for many years and it was very liberating not to have to do that now and I'm amazed at how little I can eat once you're a keto adapted and maintain you know your your size and your strength I'm not trying to be big anymore anything or try to do any records in the gym but it's amazing how easy it is to maintain once your body is adapted. You've been so generous with your time I want to sort of let you get on your way and you've got a long drive potentially tonight but I want to ask you a question or a couple maybe what do you believe today to be true that five years ago you did not believe to be true let's keep it within the purview of your ketogenic life what today do you think things that really I would say when I got into this field I was really fascinated and immersed in this idea as ketones as an alternative energy source so is even like space food you know we're still working on that front but then over the last five years the observation that beta hydroxybuter 8 is a powerful andogenous metabolite that's also a signaling molecule through its H-dak activity histone deacetylase. More recently we've been working with an organization that the name of the organization is called All Things Kabuki so there's a there's a rare genetic disease called Kabuki syndrome which is a gene defect in the K-M-T-2-D which is essentially an acetylase enzyme and a defect in that gene or that protein creates an imbalance between gene expression and gene repression right and in the mouse model of Kabuki syndrome two things have worked in this mouse model one is a histone deacetylase inhibitor H-dak inhibitor called AR42 which restores neurons in the dentate gyros and kind of silences the pathological features in this mouse model and another thing is nutritional ketosis so nutritional ketosis functioning as a histone deacetylase inhibitor basically salvages or rescues the phenotype of this and circumvents this gene mutation the K-M-T-2-D mutation the animals have a normal neuronal density and the dentate gyros and even from a behavioral characteristic and enhances sort of a learning and memory so this idea that an endogenous metabolite can epigenetically sort of control gene transcription so I believe it's probably not unique to beta hydroxybutary I think metabolites we know that's true for acetylcoe and other things are epigenetic drivers and I think they are really they call the shots so you can even take a step back and say the mitochondria kind of call the shots too right because I think mitochondrial health the mitochondrial vitality would be the ultimate tumor suppressor so if the bio-energetica capacity of a cell in tissues are maintained to a high degree that bio-energetica efficiency is going to preserve genome stability and be far less likely to trigger oncogenes at the level of the DNA so when it comes to something like kabuki syndrome you have a persistent molecular genetic pathology that's silenced by the elevation of beta hydroxybutary functioning in a more volent-inpendant way yeah through their it's H stack activity so that to me is like mind-blowing and I think that's the direction kind of our lab is going into now I'm always fascinating with developing alternative energy substrates and alternative fuels as a form of nutrition for tactical applications, space applications maybe but this idea that you could develop an even engineer nutrition to have powerful effects on gene transcription and epigenetic regulation is something I would have never predicted that's an amazing answer actually because I know that was probably a little hard for some people to follow so which you're basically saying is look five years ago you were completely intrigued and blown away by the metabolic properties of these key tons primarily as an alternative energy source and with that comes a lot of interesting stuff we've talked about but at this H-dack pathway this inhibition of something that can result in epigenetic change or activation of in this case you can basically take a germline acquired mutation and silenced it with an epigenetic overlay that seems to be signaled by something as simple as key and Dr. Verdon at the Buck Institute has spoken quite a bit about this as well I mean this really is one of those moments where you think holy cow we are really at the just at the cusp of learning about this stuff and if there's one reason to make sure we don't off ourselves with self-experiments it's to make sure we can stick around long enough to do this done working people follow you socially and then maybe more importantly see what you're doing from a research perspective sure so the site I maintain for informational purposes it would be ketonutrition.org that's a dot org not dot com and on that website I have a list of you know podcast there's nutrition consultants resources like the Charlie Foundation which is an incredible resource that I've helped them do some educational work and gym Abrams of the Charlie Foundation it's really created an amazing resource there I have a blog and we test various ketones supplements ketogenic foods I'm self-experimenting and I've collected a lot of data and we'll be putting some of that data in the blog so I think that would be sort of like the one stop shop website for anyone interested in hearing more about what I talked about I'd also like to mention that our lab in collaboration with Epigenics Foundation is sponsoring the metabolic health summit that's occurring in January 30th to February 3rd in Long Beach, California and it's going to have an amazing array of basic scientists for example like Luke Cantley will be there be a keynote speaker Thomas Saferid there's going to be clinicians there influencers there and a lot of entrepreneurial people will be there representing companies that are really changing the shape of this industry so I'm very interested in technologies and foods and supplements that can make nutritional ketosis accessible for people that want to use it not only therapeutically for metabolic management of a disorder but maybe also for prevention or longevity or just as a lifestyle so you're going to find there's something for everybody at the metabolic help summit from basic science will be sort of what our lab is focused on but from clinical application to moving the science into human applications is really the theme of that and can people register for that already yes I think you can go to the website and register if you want to be a sponsor I think you can sort of download the sponsorship package there's going to be a lot of high profile representation there that would bring sort of more awareness and more reach to your product if you have a product there so we're looking for sponsors and I think we've nailed down most of our speakers but if you're interested in speaking to it might be good to contact us through the website. Donna and on Twitter you're pretty active what's your handle? Yeah before I realize how important is to have a handle you can remember it's Dominic, a Degosity 2. Well linked to it. Yeah yeah linked to it it's not the easiest to remember and also Facebook I'm fairly active Dominic, Degosity 1 I think that's my handle on Facebook too so I kind of cross post on each and try to use Instagram a little bit more because they tell me I got to use it more but not too active on that but. Alright well we'll make sure we link through all of those things I want to thank you again I owe a lot of what I know in this space to you and I can say the same thank you yeah. Well I credit my blog. It's been a great resource for many. You are arguably one of the most generous people I've ever met when it comes to his insights, Dom I don't know that you get enough credit for not only the work you've done but for how much work you do behind the scenes as far as sharing your knowledge with people I'll just share one very quick anecdote personally one of my best friends from medical school. His wife has breast cancer and you know without any hesitation you were more than happy to speak with them about some of these things that they could do above and beyond what was she was already doing which was participating in a clinical trial where by the way she is the only woman to still be alive in this clinical trial so the trial has closed that agent will likely not be approved though she will have a compassionate exemption but you know she is someone who has been on a ketogenic diet now for six years and has and remains incredibly indebted to the work that you've done and her oncologist and Boston sort of amaze that she's alive. That's all. Interestingly next year Lou can't Lee will be explaining a very plausible mechanism for why she is still alive. It's a paper that I'm sure you're aware of that was just approved and will be out in nature very soon. Anyway I could sit here and spend another hour thanking you for everything but I know nobody really wants to hear that so I'll I'll be quick about it and just tell you again that Dom you're an amazing guy you really are one of those people that I think fits in the category of just being kind of a treasure and so on behalf of many people I want to thank you. And thank you thank you for giving me this platform I know you're podcasts will be an amazing resource for so many people it always great to catch up with you it always very stimulating and in so many ways thank you Peter for having me appreciate. You can find all of this information and more at peteratiamed.com forward slash podcast there you'll find the show notes readings and links related to this episode. You can also find my blog and the nerds of barri at peteratiamed.com what's a nerds of barri you ask just click on the link at the top of the site to learn more. Maybe the simplest thing to do is to sign up for my subjectively non-lane once a week email where I'll update you on what I've been up to the most interesting papers I've read and all things related to longevity science, performance, sleep, etc. On social you can find me on twitter, instagram and facebook all with the id, peteratia, and but usually twitter is the best way to reach me to share your questions in comments. Now for the obligatory disclaimer this podcast is for general informational purposes only does not constitute the practice of medicine, nursing or other professional health care services including the giving of medical advice and note no doctor patient relationship is formed. The use of this information and the materials link to the podcast is at the user's own risk the content of this podcast is not intended to be a substitute for professional medical advice diagnoses or treat users should not disregard or delay an obtaining medical advice for any medical condition they have and should seek the assistance of their health care professionals for any such conditions. Lastly and perhaps most importantly I take conflicts of interest very seriously for all of my disclosures the companies I invest in and or advise please visit peteratiamed.com forward slash about.