Hey everyone, welcome to the Peter Atia Drive. I'm your host, Peter Atia. The drive is a result of my hunger for optimizing performance, health, longevity, critical thinking, along with a few other obsessions along the way. I've spent the last several years working with some of the most successful top-performing individuals in the world, and this podcast is my attempt to synthesize what I've learned along the way, to help you live a higher quality, more fulfilling life. If you enjoy this podcast, you can find more information on today's episode and other topics at PeterAtiaMD.com. In this podcast, I'm going to be discussing LP Little A. Little while ago, we put up a little questionnaire on Twitter that said, if I'm going to do a solo podcast, interviewed by Bob, what topic would you want to hear? We put up two options. The first was LP Little A. The second was hormone replacement therapy for post-menopausal women. Survey ran for about a day, and the results were unambiguous. 80% of you wanted to hear about LP Little A. Though many of you did want to hear about HRT, and we will absolutely get to that. On this podcast, we structured it as an interview. Originally, I thought I would just do it as a quote unquote lecture, but I realized that would just be way too boring, and it would be more fun to play patty cakes with Bob and have him interview me. That's what we did. Bob put together an interview, and he just asked me a bunch of questions about LP Little A. We're going to talk about what the heck it is, why you should care, why it's problematic, like the protein, what some of the potential treatment options are, and what's on the horizon. I got to admit, this is a bit of a technical podcast, but I also know that this is kind of a technical loving audience. So don't be discouraged. I also think this is one of the podcasts where you really have to be able to look at the show notes. I find some of this stuff really complicated myself, and I find a picture is sometimes worth a thousand words. So especially when I get into stuff like cringle repeats and cringle four subsection two zone five, that kind of stuff, you've just got to be looking at a picture to understand. So if you can't be able to look at something while you're listening to it, that's fine, but maybe go back after the fact and look at it or look first and then listen something like that. The show notes here will be very helpful and hopefully this answer is a lot of the questions that people have been asking me over the past year about LP Little A. And again, if this format is helpful, let us know because we're really happy to kind of do one of these every couple of months where we just put up a general topic and Bob grills me on it. So without further delay, here's the discussion with Bob Kaplan on LP Little A. Hey Bob, Peter, how are you? I'm doing well. I noticed you have a coffee there. Of course. What number is that today? Seven? At least. Yeah. I've watched four. Well, seven doubles. Probably seven double espresso's. That's true. Yeah, that's impressive. It's a low day. So this is the first of what I suspect and assume we might do more of where we through a question out to people and said pick one, have a vote. I don't know. We gave him a day or so. And the choice was, do you want to know about LP Little A? Or do you want to know about hormone replacement therapy in post-medipausal women, which by the way has a more politically correct name now that I can't remember? Peter Kron modulating therapies for women in menopause or something. I don't know. I was going to go with golden years or something. Something to that effect. The point is HRT versus this. And it was about 80, 20 in favor of LP Little A, which kind of bums me out because actually really wanted to talk about HRT. But next time we throw HRT in, we're going to put it up against something like Bachi Ball. And hopefully HRT comes out ahead and we can talk about it. I think you have been accumulating a bunch of questions that people have also started sending in about LP Little A. And I think that's what we're going to talk about. Absolutely. So a lot of questions are around what is LP Little A. And I thought in a what are to explain that. Maybe we might need a quick primer on lipoproteins to kick things off. Do you know anyone who can do that? I think I'm looking at them. Oh, okay. I was afraid you're going to say that. Starting from the basics, if you go to your doctor and you get a cholesterol blood test, they're going to probably show you a couple of numbers. A total cholesterol LDL cholesterol. And if you're really lucky, they'll put bad next to it. HGL cholesterol. And if you're extra special, they'll put good next to it. Triglycerides and non HGL cholesterol. That is a standard lipid panel. Those numbers are largely unhelpful. But more importantly, they're largely misunderstood. So when people look at LDL and think it's bad cholesterol, that immediately tells you that they're missing what the L and the D and the L stand for, the LDL stands for low density lipoprotein. And admittedly, if you don't have a background in biochemistry or something, you might not understand in looking at that, that implies that it's a macro structure. So cholesterol, which is the principal molecule that is carried by these lipoproteins, is something that is made by the body. So every cell in the body makes cholesterol. And most cells in the body make enough cholesterol to meet their own needs at the cellular level. And the single and most important need of cholesterol we have is cellular membranes. So cell membranes must be fluid. They must be able to move. They must be able to facilitate the attachment of one cell to another. They must be able to hold transporters across their membranes and things like that. And of course, cholesterol makes up the bulk of those membranes. So in addition, you turn cholesterol when I say you refer to a two certain organs, like the adrenal glands, the ovaries, the testes, turn cholesterol into hormones that are either sex hormones, glucocorticoids, gonadotropans, these things. So if for no other reason than just being able to have cells that work and have hormones cholesterol is pretty important. Because we're not going to get too far into that. The point I want to make is that you can't traffic or move around cholesterol in the blood stream because blood approximates water. And so the things that move freely in the blood have to be things that are what we call hydrophilic or things that would be soluble in water. So something like glucose can move around the blood stream very easily. And cholesterol cannot. And therefore it needs to be packaged in something that is itself water soluble. And that something is a lipoprotein. And the two dominant lipoproteins that are found in the blood stream are the high-density lipoprotein and the low-density lipoprotein. And their names are referring to their densities in a type of assay called a gel electrophoresis, which has to do with how far these things move on an ion gradient. Other lipoproteins that don't stick around that long. So VLDL, very low-density lipoprotein and IDL or intermediate-density lipoprotein, which is almost non-existent. It has such a short half-life. And the longer residents of the LDL is probably what explains its average density. And that's why LDL is considered the most average genetic particle after LP LLA, which we're going to talk about today. So when you're looking at your blood test, what you're seeing is the cholesterol concentration within the various particles. So when it says total cholesterol, it says, well, if you break apart the HDL particle and the LDL particle and the VLDL particle and if you can find it the ideal particle, how much total cholesterol do you have. And that's a number, 200 milligrams per desoliter. OK, when it says LDL C is 120 milligrams per desoliter. That means if you break apart the LDL cholesterol, that's the concentration of cholesterol contained within them, et cetera. Now, in the past we've talked about the importance of knowing the number of particles, you have, and how that is a more accurate predictor of your atherosclerotic risk. And so the LDLP, which is similar to the APOB in terms of its predictive power, which is the number of particles. And the reason you can use APOB is a surrogate for that is that each LDL particle has an APOB, which is an APO-like protein that wraps around this spherical lipoprotein. It's APOB 100 specifically. So by counting those, since each LDL has one and only one APOB, you can quantify the number of LDL particles. And again, we care about that because it tracks more with risk. The VLDL, the ideal, the LDL, I'll have the APOB 100. The HDL does not. The HDL has something called APOA1. It's a different lipoprotein. And it probably explains in large part why HDL is not atherogenic. And LDL is atherogenic. The pathogenesis of atherosclerosis is one that's predicated on. And we should probably attach and a link to this, the post on heart disease where I go through this in great, great, and gory detail, the process by which the light lip proteins get through the endothelial space between cells, which is actually not that hard to do. And LDL particle is somewhere between 20, 21, 22 nanometers. It's probably not an order of magnitude, but several multiples of that is the space between the endothelial cells. So it's the size of the LDL particle really doesn't determine the ease with which it gets through the cell or not. Or between the cells, what's much more important is, because most of the LDL that gets into the sub-endothelial space gets right back out. It doesn't cause any trouble. One of the trouble comes is when they get retained and when they get oxidized. And when they kick off an inflammatory response. So it is certainly the case theoretically that you could have a very high LDL, but by hooker by crook, if your LDL particles don't get retained in the sub-endothelial space and don't kick off an inflammatory cascade, you're not going to suffer the effects that you otherwise would. But all things equal, we would love to see a lower LDL particle number because the process by which those particles enter the space seems relatively stochastic. So in a few minutes, that's kind of the overview of these light deprotemies. Okay, so I think one of the reasons why we've had so much interest in LDL is a New York Times article by Onohado Connor. I think it was January this year that was entitled a heart risk factor, even doctors know a little about. And he tells a story of Bob Harper, who was one of the biggest loser, OGs. I think it was him and Jillian, or the two trainers. And so Bob had a heart attack at a gym at age 52. And according to his annual checkups, he always checked out very healthy. And as it turned out, according to the article, Bob has, quote, perilously high levels and, quote, availability of the little anus blood. I think that was, I don't think it was ever measured prior to his heart attack. So I think this article was an introduction to this particle for many people who read it. Not only that, it's reported that a small percentage of physicians actually know about it. So kind of going back to the original question, what is L.P. Little A? Well, in full disclosure, Onohado is a really good friend of mine. And I know he'd been working on that story for about two years actually. I guess I'll take a little bit of credit for getting him interested in APOA and L.P. Little A. And Onohado, because he's just such a curious dude, was sort of like blown away at this. He's like, wait, wait, wait a minute. Tell me about, you know, we walk through everything that we're about to talk about today. And he just couldn't believe that something that was so ubiquitous, probably somewhere between one and five and one in ten people walking around with this elevation. And of course, it's a long tail to the right distribution. So where you define the cutoff as perilously high is a function of how many people will be perilously high. But he just couldn't believe it. And then I introduced him to many of my mentors and he did his own research. And the result of that was a story that I thought was excellent because I can't count the number of patients that sent it to me saying, oh my God, this is that thing you're always talking about. Yeah, so what is this thing? So we talked about the LDL particle number. So it's this spherical thing. Call it 20 nanometers in diameter. And it has a outer spherical structure that is made of lipid cholesterol, phospholipid. Inside it has a core that consists of cholesterol, ester. So this is none. This is like the cholesterol without its bulky side chain and the triglyceride. And on the outside, as I mentioned, it has this one apolipoprotein called apo b100. So we'll just refer to that from now on as the garden variety LDL. Now a subset of these and it's mostly, as we'll probably discuss genetically determined, an inherited and a co-dominant fashion. A subset of these have something else attached to that apo b. And it's attached covalently. So that means that it's not an ionic bond. It's an actual, in other words, it's a much stronger bond. It's a disulfide bond, which in amino acids and in biochemistry tends to be a pretty strong bond. So the apo b has this disulfide bond that attaches it to a totally different bipoprotein and it's called apo little a. And this lipoprotein is made in the liver. And it has a property that it resembles another molecule in the body called plasminogen. Now I suspect that everything about to say is going to not make that much sense until you look at the pictures. This is one of those things where a picture says a thousand words. So what we'll probably do is, and that defeats the purpose of a podcast. I realize because people want to listen to this, but they don't want to have to miss it. Like the picture, but I think this is one of those things where it's worth looking up the picture. But this apo lipoprotein a has a repeated folding structure. These domains are referred to as cringle domains. So we're sort of lost in a nomenclature of apo little a and cringle potato chip folds. And all this stuff and it's just like it's super complicated. But these repeating structures are organized by cringle domains. And there are five of them. Plasminogen that is has five of them. apo a does not have the cringle one, the cringle two, the cringle three. It does have a cringle four that very much resembles plasminogen. And it has the exact same cringle five that comes from the plasminogen. So to distill that again, apo a looks like plasminogen in that it has cringle domain five and a cringle domain four that is similar. But it's the cringle domain four that has 10 sub segments. So you have cringle four one, cringle four two, cringle four three, although you have to cringle four nine and cringle four 10. And if that doesn't have your look at me and you're laughing, it's like it's hard to believe we're talking about it. If this little d-tail, but the cringle four two is where you see the greatest variability. And you can have a cringle four two with just a couple of folds in it. You could have a cringle four two with 40 segments that are repeating. And that determines the mass of LP little A and that's going to become, I wouldn't be telling the story if it weren't for some reason in anticipation of talking about something else. And with the plasminogen and the cringles in the homology, in other words, how similar are they? You're basically saying that if you were to look up, like if you were to look at the structures of both of those, you could very easily confuse one for the other. They look very similar. It probably depends on the similarity during the cringle four because the cringle four tends to dominate it. So I don't want to give an answer that could be incorrect because I suspect it depends on the individual. I think there are some individuals whose ApoA looks more like plasminogen. Because everyone's plasminogen looks the same, but the ApoA is where we see the difference. So we're really dealing with two things, which is how many of your LDLs have those ApoA's attached to them? And then what do your ApoA's look like? And the what they look like is basically what do your cringle segment four subsegment twos look like? Now it turns out that between those two factors, the one that probably matters most, is the number of your LDL particles that also have this covalent bond to the Apo Little A. In other words, it's probably the number of the LDLs that serve the Apo Little A particles bound to the LDL particles through the ApoB or the number of Lp Little A's that matters more than the mass of the Lp Little A. So on that note, I was thinking about ApoB and that there's one ApoB per LDL. And then with ApoA, there's one ApoA per Lp Little A, but not necessarily not every Lp Lp L, but it's for every ApoA is on an LDL. Every ApoA is on an LDL, but not every LDL has an ApoA. And that's the difference between individuals when you look out a population is the how many of their LDLs are rolling around with ApoA's. Now, I don't think we'll get into it today, but if there's ever an appetite to go ultra deep on Lp Little A, we could probably talk about the relationship between ApoE and ApoA. So it turns out that as people may know, you have three different variants of ApoE, you have ApoE2, ApoE3, ApoE4, of course they combine in all six combinations that I'm sure everybody's familiar with. But as you move from the two to the three to the four, you see Lp Little A go up. You see ApoB go up and you see triglyceride go down and this is a pattern that has been demonstrated over and over and over again. And what's interesting is why that's happening with respect to the ApoA, but I get I think that's that's probably more the senior's course rather than the freshman course. Yeah, on the note of the freshman course, just looking at it and thinking, so for we're asking what is Lp Little A? And if you're to look at how it's spelled out, it's capital L lowercase P, parenthetical, lowercase A, and close parentheses. And it's basically saying it's a lipoprotein with an ApoA attached to it. Yeah, and if you were going to come up with an equivalency, you'd do like three little parallel lines as an equal line and say that's equal to LdL, hyphen, little A or little ApoA. It would be like the long hand way to write that. I don't know that anybody's ever written it that way in the literature, but that's just another way to think about it. Okay, so piggybacking on that, can you explain the difference between Lp Little A mass, then there's Lp Little A cholesterol, and then there's the Lp Little A particle content. And then as you mentioned, there's the cringle domains, the number of cringles could also be called the different ApoA isophorms. Can we quantify those? How are those measured? Yeah, I believe the first way this was quantified, and again, this will be the type of stuff that I think would be really fun to explore with a guy like Sam Tamikas, who's probably the world's expert on this topic, and we should definitely make sure we get Sam on the show. I believe Lp Little A mass was the first way that this was quantified, and whether it was the first or not, I don't know, but what I can certainly say is it's by far the most ubiquitous. I'm sure that 19 out of 20 times when a patient is having their Lp Little A checked, it is the mass that is being checked. Certainly, if a patient comes to me and they've been at least fortunate enough to have had their Lp Little A checked, it's a mass. I almost never see the cholesterol checked anymore. I think there used to be a company I believe called Athra Tech that did the test. I think they got bot, or at least that ASA got bot by VAP, and now VAP does it, but I'll explain later why I don't think that's such a great test. And then of course, there's the Lp Little A particle number, which is just the counting of it. So the Lp Little A mass is directionally a reasonable test, but it's not a great test. And the reason is it's measuring for particles that carry ApoA, it's measuring the mass of everything, which is the ApoA. The ApoB, the phospholipids, the cholesterol, the triglycerides, the dogs, the cats, whatever. It's measuring the mass of the entire structure. Now, the larger the cringle section 4 subsection 2, the more that mass is dominated by ApoA, but you can see very quickly how you could be misled. You could take two people that have the exact same Lp Little A mass, but if one of them has a very long segment 4 subsection 2 repeat binding domain. Guess what? He's going to have a much fewer particle number, or more to the point, the person that has the smaller segment 4 subsection 2 is going to actually have more particles. And so those people are not at equal risk. It turns out that the guy that's got more particles is at higher risk. But when a patient shows up and their Lp Little A mass is really, really low, like less than 5 milligrams per deciliter, the likelihood that their Lp Little A particle number is very high is really, really low. And back in the olden days and by the olden days I mean like 4 years ago before Lp Little A particle number was measured, I used to actually look at both. I'd look at Lp Little A mass and Lp Little A cholesterol, acknowledging that neither was perfect, but basically coming up with a 2 by 2, which was if both were high, I knew you had a ton of particles, case closed. If both were low, we were off to the races and high-fiving. And then when one was high, one was low, we would just sort of follow up and test for reasons that we'll probably discuss later around things that could actually change Lp Little A as you marched down the field. But luckily most patients were either double positive or double negative and therefore you had a pretty good sense of where their risk was. You then asked about Lp Little A cholesterol. So that basically is an allegous to measuring the cholesterol content of an LDL particle number. Except here it's measuring the the cholesterol concentration of an Lp Little A particle number. And that again, in isolation is not very helpful. I am not an expert in clinical chemistry, but I've spoken with people who are and it turns out there are some other technical issues with that test that renders it not entirely helpful and also misleading in its own way under certain circumstances. And it's for that reason that I really prefer looking at the Lp little A particle number, which even though it's reported in an animal per liter to my knowledge is not actually measured via NMR, the way LDLP and HDLP were pioneered by light-bus science. It's a different assay, but nevertheless it is counting the apo little A's that are attached to little apo B's. And so you're getting a number of those. And for that test we like to see people less than 50 NAMOL per liter. When people are sort of 52 a hundred, I put them in kind of a gray area when people are over a hundred or certainly over 125 NAMOL per liter. That's when I start to get worried because I often get asked this question. The highest number I've ever seen on a patient is about 650 to 700 NAMOL per liter. And I've got a few patients that walk around it 400, 500 NAMOL per liter. So the Lp little A cholesterol, it sounds a lot like when we're measuring LDLC. So Lp little if you're measuring Lp little A cholesterol, you're measuring the amount of cholesterol that's carried within the Lp little A particles. And similarly with LDLC you're measuring the amount of cholesterol that's carried within the LDL particle. Similarly you would rather know the LDL particle. Yeah, and this is actually what makes it so problematic. It's even worse than the discordance between LDL, P and LDLC because at least when you're dealing with LDL you know the molecular weight. You don't know the molecular weight of LDL. This is actually the point I forgot that I wanted to make a woman ago. I remember once having a patient come to me with everything but the LDL Lp little A P. And I remember thinking, well, I used to be a smart little organic chemistry whipper snapper, I should be able to convert this from milligrams per death's a liter into an animal per liter. And of course anyone listening to this who knows more about chemistry than me will remember that all you need to know is like apricotos number and the molecular weight and you're ready to go. But of course you don't know the molecular weight. That's the problem. Because the APOA is don't look the same. The whole calculation goes to hell in a hand basket. You can't actually calculate the molecular. You don't know the molecular weight because of that cringle sub-segment, the cringle 4 segment 2. Because it's got such variability. It's not like you can say the molecular weight of sodium is x or the molecular weight of testosterone is y. So with the APOA and how it comes in different isophorms, can you measure the APOA? Yes, but it would be for a given individual. That's the point. Yes, you could absolutely measure the molecular weight of an APOA, but it would be like yours and mine would probably be different. So therefore, at least to my knowledge and again, I don't want to speak out a turn because I'm sure someone listening this is going to go, no, no, you know I'll head this is being done. But to my knowledge is not something that's done clinically. Whether it will be or not, again, that's probably a great question for someone like Tom Dasepring or Sam to make us or one of those guys. But I think that today the best test we have is the LP little APOA particle number. And there's a proxy for it, but I'm guessing we'll talk about that later, which is you can also measure the amount of oxidized phospholipid. If you normalize that for APOB, you're getting almost a one to one mapping of that, because there's another interesting little, it's not a trivia point, because trivia tends to be irrelevant. This is actually quite relevant. APO, little A, has lots of lysine, the amino sublicing and lysine really binds oxidized moieties. Now APOB does not contain much lysine at all, and therefore APOB is not particularly effective oxidized moiety scavenger. But APOA is. And so if you think about your rolling around as an LDL, now you got a tail thrown on you, which is called an APOA, right? You got your little disulfide bridge, it attaches to APOB, you got your APOA tail. Only you can see what my hands are doing right now. That's a great idea. This is awesome. We're going to have the worst smile. Yeah. I mean, the pictures are definitely worth a thousand words. As you can see, the the cringle domains, and if you have a longer, you can see like longer tails and shorter tails. Yes, we all make sense. And then once you've got your tail in place, now you start to fill that tail up with all these oxidized phospholipids, you can start to measure. If you measure those phospholipids, normalized for APOB, you're getting a pretty good proxy. Also of that. And by the way, this may actually explain, and this is one of the questions like, you know, when we get Sam on the show, this is one of the questions I want to ask him is just taking a step back from all of this. Sometimes you clinically know when a person has an elevated L.P. little A before you take any blood out of them. These are the patients who don't seem to fit the classic picture of someone with premature heart disease in the family. Nobody's overweight. Nobody's diabetic. Nobody's smoking. Or even if they are, the disease seems to come prematurely. It seems to come out of nowhere. They also tend to, you know, if you ask enough, you might even see that somebody has aortic stenosis. And you just know the answer before you get there, especially if you have their family tree and you can trace it and you can realize that whatever is happening here is coming through dominantly. Is that something, it's a premature cardiovascular disease? Is that a clinical term? Is there like a cut off when you call it? Yeah, I mean, I think loosely we would say someone who's having a major adverse cardiac event before 60 would be premature. Of course, I have a different definition of that. I would think of major adverse cardiac event both before 80 is premature. But I think someone who's having any major adverse cardiac event in May before the age of 60, I think anybody would consider that premature. So what I've never been able to figure out is, you know, that patient of mine that had like an LDL, an LP little A of 650, family history is not outrageous. You know, when people get heart disease, they get it in their 70s. The patient of mine who has the 500, I've tested this patient's family. I know where it came from, I know which parent it came from and the burden of disease is modest. So there is something else going on here. And it's just like the case with, we know that LDLP alone is not the issue. We know that it's just one factor. And similarly, not all LP little A's must be created equal. And so the question I'd want to get into with the next part on this is, does it have to do with the lysine binding domains, the affinity for these oxidized moieties? Is there some feature of one person's versus another? Is that lens to a more aggressive oxidation within the sub-emithial space or greater retention or something like that? I think that gets into why do we have LP little A. So what would be the evolutionary basis? What's the function of LP little A? Like it can't just be some hell particle that's just trying to kill us? I mean, in theory, it could because it kills us through basically three mechanisms that don't tend to kill you young. So if you were taking a purely evolutionary standpoint, I think sometimes bad things track, but it turns out that even like APOE 4, which in today's environment doesn't seem particularly protective, APOE 4 was quite protective against parasitic infections in the CNS. And hell up until a few years ago, that would have been a pretty good thing to have. Of course, now that we can live long enough, that upside isn't worth the downside of an increased risk of Alzheimer's disease. So LP little A clearly does two things, but are separate. And I think we could argue at least theoretically that it would have provided a benefit evolutionary. The first is, if you go back to what we talked about, you have this great homology to plasma anogen. And plasma anogen being a clotting factor means that people with elevated LP little A tend to have what's called hypercoagulability. So they have an ability to form blood clots better than someone who doesn't. Now, in today's environment, that's not an advantage because most of us are not in an environment where bleeding to death is a major concern. But you can imagine 50,000 years ago, bleeding to death would actually be a significant concern. And so I think these people would have had a trauma advantage, you know, with respect to, and I'm sure you could probably pose many benefits during childbirth. You know, when I think about what I saw in the OBGYN rounds, how many times was a woman bleeding so sufficiently that she required blood clotting products? It's not unheard of. And so you think about the benefits this could have had all the way from birth, the, you know, the brilliant matured right up until, you know, getting scratched by an animal or whatever. The second benefit is more of a speculation, I think, but it's probably that going back to those lysine binding domains that if you're in a relatively low oxidative environment and you're LP little A's know where to go when they're done, which is to the liver and where not to go, which is the coronary arteries in the eordic valve. There are actually amazing scavengers. So I'm sure somebody out there's got better data on this or has data period because I'm obviously speculating, but you could make the case that being able to have more particles that can scavenge more of these oxidized phospholibids and oxidized moieties and take them back to the liver, which is the ultimate place of clearance for the LP little A, which is a totally safe place to take these things, that would pose an advantage. And it would be the case today that maybe we're in a higher inflammatory environment and maybe we've gone too far. In other words, maybe we're overwhelming the system's ability to clear it. And on top of that, we may have other risk factors, hypertension, hyper-insulinemia, other drivers of inflammation that are now giving these LP little A's another place to go, which is, yeah, you're ultimately going to end up at the liver, but like 6% of you are going to get stuck in the sub-endothelial space and wreak havoc. And on top of that, you're doing a way worse job than the LDLP because the LDLP when it gets there is bad enough, but the LP little A is now dragging all that oxidized crap in there with it. So the next question is what is the problem with elevated LP little A or what are the problems with LP little A elevated? So basically, they fit into sort of three categories. The first being enhanced attherosclerosis. The second, I don't know which by magnitude would pose a bigger threat, but probably aortic stenosis given the severity and then the third being enhanced, venous thrombosis. So what does those things mean? So so basically, more attherosclerosis, more aortic stenosis, I believe about two thirds of the cases of aortic stenosis are explained by elevated LP little A. So you have four valves in the heart and one of them is called the aortic valve. That's the valve that separates the left ventricle from the systemic system. So the proximal aorta. So that valve is under more pressure than the other three valves by a long shot because it's the one that's directly in front of the most powerful chamber of the heart. That valve has three leaflets. It's a tri leaflet valve and it seems that LP little A has a particular affinity for going there and inducing bone-forming proteins to create calcifications. And when that valve loses its suppleness and it becomes calcified, you get basically a blockage of that valve called the stenosis. And so this condition of aortic stenosis is very problematic. One of the earlier signs in the blood that somebody has aortic stenosis would be signs of swelling or enlargement or dilation of the heart. And there are blood markers like brain-naturedic peptide, BNP or pro-NTBNP that are actually used quite frequently in ERs to assess patients very quickly for cardiomyopathy or cardiac failure. And so that's one of those things that we like to look at. And if I see a patient with LP little A, I'm always screening them for aortic stenosis out of the gate. I don't care if they're 30 years old. I mean, many of our patients are in their 30s and 40s. But if they have an elevated LP little A, we're doing echo at a minimum and preferably cardiac MRI, which is much more accurate, to both look at the morphology of the aortic valve and get a very accurate gradient of pressure. And then sometimes you'll get patients, I have a patient who has a bypassed aortic valve, which is going to be eaten by itself. That's predisposed to aortic stenosis. And he also has a very elevated LP little A, about 250 or 300. So even though he's only in his 30s, he gets a cardiac MRI annually and he's already showing a pressured gradient. So, you know, I've explained to him that he is going to need an intervention at some point in his life. But the good news is we're going to do it long before he experiences any strain on his heart muscle. And the good news again for patients today is this stuff's going to be done interventionally and not via open heart surgery as it once was. On the atherosclerosis side, I think the Mendelian randomizations, the GWAS and the Epidemiology, all televary similar story, I suspect that it's both its ability. It's probably an all of the above when it comes to why. Meaning it's, are these particles more likely to enter the seven video space? I don't know why that would be the case. Are they more likely to be retained? Probably because they have that whole big cringle oxidized moiety thing there. Are they more likely to kick off an inflammatory response? Very likely because of what they're dragging in with them. And then on top of that, to have the pro- thrombotic component, I suspect is what's driving the increase in the risk of atherosclerosis. But in truth, we don't have definitive proof that LP little A is as a more atherogenic particle. And you and I were talking about this the other day that there is this paper that actually was looking at patients with post MIs and even suggesting that, well, everybody who has an MIs has a rise in LP little A. And we'll probably get to that later why we think that might be the case. But the question posed as, well, maybe LP little A is the result of atherosclerosis and not the cause of it. I don't agree with that because many post MIs patients don't have an elevated LP little A. And I think a better explanation for that is that LP little A also acts as an acute phase reactant rising with inflammatory responses. But probably not until the anti-sensalago nucleotide trials complete, will we actually know the answer to this question? Because really without a clinical trial, you can't actually infer cause and effect the way we can with other aspects of atherosclerosis like the LDL particle or inflammation, where we have elegant prospective clinical trials that create a relationship between cause and effect. The last thing that I guess I mentioned was the thromboembolism. So I used to have a practice of putting everybody within elevated APO, LP little A on a baby aspirin just to combat the effect. It turns out that that was probably an oversimplified approach and that there's only a subset of people for whom aspirin counteracts the effect. So unfortunately, this is still one of those things where I don't think we have a great answer. I do take DVT prophylaxis, so deep vein thrombocies prophylaxis and prevention. I do take it more seriously in the LP little A patients and there are certain strategies you can take around flying. There's actually a commercially available product called flight tabs, which you can buy on Amazon. I was, remember when we did the research on this? I was blown away that you could buy these things on Amazon because they're actually quite potent. But I do recommend that people with elevated LP little A if they're on really long flights and again, I'm not recommending that for people who are listening cause I can't, but it's really recommend to my patients to a subset of them that we're particularly worried about that we look at either pharmacologic agents or even an OTC agent like that as a way to reduce the risk of these types of events. So do we know how much elevated LP little A is associated with these increased risks? If we're looking at the epidemiology, what are the associated risks with cardiovascular disease? So with the Yordics to Noces, the hazard ratios are anywhere from 2 to 4 depending on the studies and I think they probably median ends up being roughly 2 and a half. With VTE, with the Venus Thrombo Emboism, I think the hazard ratio is about 3x. And again, it's important to put this in perspective. We've talked about absolute versus relative risk. So when you talk about a 3x risk of something that occurs like 1% of the time, that means you're going from a 1% absolute risk to a 3% absolute risk. So in other words, it doesn't mean like if you're listening to this and you have an elevated LP little A, you need to call an ambulance to drive you home because you're afraid you're going to have a pulmonary embolism. And similarly, a hazard ratio of 2 and a half, 3, even 4 on a Yordics to Noces. As I said, it probably explains about 2-3rds of the total volume of a Yordics to Noces, but it doesn't mean that every patient who's got this is going to get it. I think in the case of that one patient of mine, his buy-cuspid valve is just a setup to make things worse because he's now got a double whammy on that. And when it comes to atherosclerosis, basically you see odds ratios of about 2 to 4 depending on the amount. So it's, it looks like a pretty good dose response where it sort of below about 30 or 40 milligrams per desoliter because unfortunately all of these studies are done with LP little A mass and not particle number and I can't really convert that, but we believe that that's probably about 50. That's probably, you're going to get comparable in the 50 to 75, nanomole per liter is this sort of safe zone where it's relatively flat and then it starts to uptick pretty swiftly. So by the time you're at call it 200 milligrams per desoliter, you're at about a 60% increase. Now, if you stop from moving and think about that, what should you be more afraid of? A three X hazard ratio for VTE or a 1.6 hazard ratio for atherosclerosis or a 2.5 X hazard ratio on aortic stenosis. This is like the advanced clinical epidemiology question, right? I think the answer is the 1.6 on atherosclerosis is by far the most disconcerting because atherosclerosis is infinitely more prevalent. So a 60% increase in risk on something that is going to kill a third of people is a big effing problem. Whereas a 3% risk on something that's going to you know, ding 1% of people, yeah, we'll manage it, but that's not what we stay up late thinking about. And even for that particular individual that has that risk profile, that if they look at their absolute risks, that probably bumps up their absolute risk the most with cardiovascular disease. Yeah, we're screening for aortic stenosis, not because I necessarily think it's even, you know, at the population or societal level cost effective, but at the individual level, we're not going to let that kind of stuff slide. But if you were to think about this at the population level, the thing we have to be most concerned of is somewhere between 1 and 5 and 1 and 10 people, and in some cultures it's even higher, and Southeast Asians it's even higher, are walking around with these little time bombs, and to the point of Anahad story, I'm still shocked at how many doctors don't understand this. Now look, if you're a radiologist, great dermatologist, that's okay. I don't think you need to know this. But if you sit anywhere on the front lines of medicine, if you're a family physician, if you're a GYN even, because for many women, their GYNs become their PCPs, the primary care physicians. If you are anywhere in the crosshairs of taking care of a patient where you have some input into how they lower their risk of cardiovascular disease, and you don't understand most of what we're talking about on this podcast, I worry that you're missing an opportunity to help patients. Okay, so another question that came in, I think you touched upon it very quickly, is what is the prevalence of elevated LP little A? Probably what is elevated LP little A? How is that determined? Well, to my knowledge, everything that's done on this that's published is based on the LP little A mass, not the particle number. But the US levels define normal as less than 30 milligrams per deciliter. The European Atherosclerotic Society defines normal as less than 50 milligrams per deciliter. And I believe both the UK and Germany consider anything over 60 sufficient for state covered A for recess. A for recess is a type of treatment where a patient has a very large IV put in one arm typically about a 14 gauge and blood is taken out, run through a machine that spins at a certain frequency to generate a separation of the plasma and you can basically fractionate the plasma and identify something that you want to remove. So back when I was at an IH, I used to volunteer for a for recess every four weeks to donate lymphocytes. And then they basically put everything back that once they strip out the piece they want. But you can actually do a for recess and remove the apolittle A. The problem is the frequency with which you have to do it is staggering because the half life of these particles is a matter of days. So these patients would undergo a for recess potentially twice a week. So that's obviously a very difficult way to be so we got into it a little bit there. How is abnormal LP little A treated or dealt with? So you just got into the A for recess. Other therapies currently available. So A for recess is that's something that we just really never resort to or very rarely resort to. And then certainly now that PCS can't even inhibitors are on the market, I think that A for recess is becoming probably less and less utilized. Historically the agent for treatment has been niacin. A niacin's got kind of a checkered history because it's known to lower APOB. So you take niacin, your LDL goes down. And this is a super contentious topic in lipid circles. But the question is does niacin save lives? And depending on how you look at the trial data the answer is maybe or no. It's like a wonder drug theoretically right at lower LDL. It HDL goes up. LP little A might go down. Yep. So on paper it looks at least up to that point. It looks great. Right. That's exactly right. It does three things that we historically know when they happen. Good things should happen. LDL particle and cholesterol. APOB all go down. HDL cholesterol goes up. Although I would argue that that's not a good thing. I think we have a pretty good sense of why raising HDL cholesterol in organically meaning pharmacologically is not going to be good. And it lowers LDL pylidolai by probably a third. So see it's up inhibitors? Yeah exactly. It's times the charm. I think we're waiting for number five. Yeah. Yeah. But it turns out that in the trial that basically doomed niacin the trial probably wasn't designed that well. In that they were giving niacin to patients who were already on a max dose statin and looking for the HDL increase to see if that was adding benefit. And so you basically get lipidologists in two camps. And actually it's not. It's quite evenly split at least in my narrow sampling of smart lipidologists where you get some who say niacin should never be used. And then you get others who say look it's probably not a great drug. But if you have a patient who can't take anything else it's still a good drug. And I know lots of lipidologists who are still putting LP LL A patients on niacin. Even though there are no data to suggest that that will save their lives. But I got to be honest with you. I'm not convinced that that's an extraly a bad thing. I generally don't. I now move to the third thing which is the PCS can 9 inhibitor. But I guess before I do that I should explain statins because everybody is probably saying where to statins fit into this. And it turns out statins don't clear LP LL A which is kind of counterintuitive if you know how statins work. So statins work via two mechanisms what we call sort of the direct and indirect mechanism. So the direct mechanism is that they inhibit HMG coA reductase which is an enzyme that catalyzes one of the early steps if not the first step I believe of cholesterol synthesis. So if you're making less cholesterol you would have less cholesterol there would be less cholesterol the carry around you could require fewer lipoproteins. But that's not really the main way it works. The main way it works is that the liver in response to the statin upregulates something called SREBP2. And when that thing gets upregulated it puts more LDL receptors on the surface of the liver. So this SREBP2, which I'll just abbreviate for short is called the sterile regulatory element binding protein. It basically says hey the liver is getting less cholesterol and it wants more cholesterol so I'm going to put more of these LDL receptors on my surface to pull more in. Now I didn't know this until recently but one of the other things that SREBP2 does is it actually produces more PCSK9. Now PCSK9 is a protein that degrades LDL receptors. So it's actually a bit of a check in a balance. So you have more LDL clearance because of more LDL receptors but you also speed up the rate at which those LDL receptors are degraded. So the statin is causing these two indirect effects but the net tends to be an enhanced clearance of the LDL particle, the APOB particle and therefore a lowering of the LDL cholesterol. But it doesn't lower LP little A and if you're listening to this and you remember what we talked about at the outset you're probably thinking that doesn't make sense LP little A is just an LDL with an APOA on it. Why wouldn't the LDL receptor clear it? Because if the LDL receptor clears it, it should also go down. I asked Tom Dasebring about this because I really interesting paper came out a few weeks ago that actually tried to explain this and like all good papers it ended up leaving more questions than answers. The best explanation that I understood from Tom was that LP little A will get cleared by LDL receptors eventually but it's just the last in line. So after the LDL is cleared and the VLDL is cleared yeah then you might get to the LP little A. But the problem is you never get there. So maybe in theory if you increase LDL receptor expression enough or if you could knock out PCSK9 and offset the second piece of what the statin is doing the statin would work and it turns out that that is largely what this paper showed and what we've always known which is when you combine a PCSK inhibitor with a statin you actually do get a reduction of LP little A whereas statin by itself is anywhere from no reduction to in some studies and actual increase in LP little A and PCSK9 alone also lowers LP little A. So to be clear PCSK9 inhibitors are not FDA approved for the use of lowering LP little A but those of us who prescribe these drugs both for patients with other indications and with LP little A generally acknowledged that we're seeing about a 30% reduction in LP little A sometimes as high as a 50% reduction in LP little A when patients are taking PCSK9 inhibitors with or without statins and that also probably speaks to the fact that we know that LP little A is cleared by different receptors. So it's primary receptor is probably LRP2 but it's also probably cleared somewhat by VLDL receptors and even something called SRB1 although I'm not sure of that and frankly I don't know that anybody is so that what the PCSK9 inhibitor is doing is it's inhibiting PCSK9 and therefore inhibiting the protein that degrades not just the LDL receptor but these other receptors that clear LP little A interesting. Sure. Yeah. I was just thinking about something on statins. So oftentimes I'll read in the papers just to back up for a second too. I often read in the papers LP little A the words mysterious unknown like in some ways we're in our infancy and understanding this but I think in one of those papers Samika's looked at the effect of statins and not only just statins in general but different statins the Torvastatin, Pravastatin, Petivastatin live a low it resubestatin and Simvestatin. I think maybe that covers all the statins. If I'm just looking at his data the LP little A actually looks like it's trending up on statins not only that the oxidized phospholipids to APOB are also going up. Is there any explanation as to why the thing is to be elevated? Yeah because the APOB is probably going down. It's probably that you're lowering the the nominator. Got it. That's my guess. What's clearly acknowledged is that when you give a patient with elevated LP little A a statin which we do absolutely it's not to lower the LP little A it's to lower the LDL so actually I'm glad you brought this up because I didn't I sort of missed the punchline in all the detail. At least one of the punchlines is how do we treat patients with elevated LP little A? Well we're probably not going to give them for recess if they can't afford to buy a PCS canine inhibitor because it's certainly not going to be approved. You have only one other choice which is to actually have two other choices but I'll get to one in a moment. It's it rarely works but it works occasionally but your real issue is you have to give them a statin because you now have a new LDL targets. Am I LDL target when I say LDL I'm always referring to LDLP? My LDLP target is the 20th percent dollar lower for every patient but how much lower you go than that is a function of other risk factors. So are we talking about secondary prevention? What's the family history? Are they insulin resistant? You know all these other factors but a patient who's at got an elevated LP little A immediately falls into the category of all things equal they're at the 10th percent dollar lower and so you will often need a statin to get them they're not not always. I have some patients who don't need a statin to get their LP little their LDLP down to the 10th percentile but they're the exception and not the rule so that's where I don't want to I don't want people to get the impression that if you have an LDLP little you shouldn't be taking a statin. No it's quite the opposite you probably should be taking a statin but just understand that the statin is there to control APOB and not LP little A. Okay and I don't know if we have enough ammo to cover this but hormone therapy estrogen I think has been shown to lower LP little A. I didn't know that actually. This is an up-to-date which is a nice service that compiles a lot of this information almost like a review systematic review and they have a section on lip reporting little A and cardiovascular disease and lip it lowering and one of the things that they noted was estrogen replacement therapy reduces LP little A levels by up to 50 percent and they have a couple references there and effect it was somewhat mitigated by concomitant, pregesterone therapy and some reports. I don't know if that's a women's health initiative so we're probably dealing with different variables but not the Peppy trial. However the clinical role for hormone replacement therapy isn't certain and it does not recommend it for cardiovascular disease risk reduction so if that HRT topic wasn't compelling enough to go over I think there's another reason another just wrinkle the throw in there. Yeah I'd like to understand that better that strikes me as a bit too good to be true frankly because certainly there are I mean if that's true that's one it's suggested might only be it so I guess the question I would want to know is does that imply that women who go through menopause wouldn't they see an increase in LP little A all things equal if they did not receive HRT that belief so yeah I'm going to go look at the LP little A levels of my patients who have gone through menopause while under my care but nothing jumps out at me. There was one other thing we we didn't talk about which is what's on the front lines here in terms of really interesting stuff which is these things called ASOs which is really the first treatment that is designed specifically to lower LP little A so the ASO stands for anti-sense all you go nucleotide so these are molecules that disrupt protein synthesis so I can't remember exactly where they ask I think they act after the messenger RNA between messenger RNA and translational RNA but maybe they act between DNA and messenger RNA I should know this I'm sure there's like I'm sure that's a very well known obvious fact that I'm just forgetting but the point is they disrupt the synthesis of APOA which is occurring in the liver so this is a drug that goes right to the heart of LP little A and I didn't say this earlier but it's worth pointing this out when you go through my whole ringer role on why do statins probably not decrease LP little A it doesn't appear that anything that's going to lower LP little A is going to do it on the catabolism side meaning the breakdown side it appears to be on the synthesis side the making side and so while the monoclonal antibody is like the PCSK9s also increase degradation they reduce the synthesis they're actually reducing the synthesis of APO little A and the liver as well so these anti-sense all I go nucleotides go right to the heart of that and they directly stop the synthesis of APO little A and therefore you have your garden variety LDLs these drugs have have been shown to have safety and efficacy so they have concluded phase one and phase two trials and they are slowly enrolling in phase three trials I think three years ago I said they'd be done in five years three years later I think will be done in five years consistent yeah the frequency distribution figure that will include somewhere it shows effective anti-sense all-ego nucleotides it says around 70% up to 99% so could potentially wipe out virtually wipe out LP little A yeah no even somebody who's got an LP little A of 200 can be normalized I'm a little area of wiping out something entirely it's certainly suggested if you have this ASO you can test a hypothesis in terms of LP little A lowering therapy for sure well that's what I was referring to at the outset which was until this trial is done I don't think we can definitively know the answer of what is the true risk how do you quantify the true risk of LP little A I think we got through a lot of the major questions this is awesome we like didn't have to go for four hours there's a bonus question we're in the bonus round others some other stuff we can talk about too as well I think getting into the oxidized fossil lipids how that works in the LP PLA too we could get into but one of the things that I was thinking about is that with lipoproteins with LDL with HDL even triglycerides like you have some tools in your arsenal just in terms of let's call them behavioral modifications or things like that if you challenge somebody or somebody said I need to lower my triglycerides in like in 30 days or else you could probably do that through diet absolutely I mean triglycerides by far the most sensitive thing in the blood as far as lipoprotein lipid related amolicules to dietary intervention yeah in theory it sounds like you can play around with a lot of the lipoproteins actually a lot of the markers by our markers but it seems like with LP little A doesn't seem like it can be modified all that much by lifestyle is that right or is it correct thinking no that's absolutely correct and probably the reason for that is as we just learned from the PCSK9 statin comparisons directionally speaking there are two things that are driving LP little A how much you make and how much you clear but the game seems to be one and lost on the how much you make front the how much you clear seems to be a second order thing now when you look at LDLP just a contrast it never mind triglycerides when you look at LDLP you go back to four things that determine the number of those particles three of them have to do with how much you carry one of them has to do with how much you clear so three about the cargo one about the port how many triglycerides do have how much cholesterol do you synthesize how much esterified cholesterol or nonesterephide cholesterol rather do you reabsorb in the after it passes through the biliary system in the inner site and then what's your LDL receptor profile look like primarily in the liver but also in the gut now we just established you can clearly lower triglycerides through nutrition so you got somebody walking around with the triglyceride of 200 and an LDLP of 1600 and you do nothing but lower their triglycerides to 50 while I can't predict what their reduction is going to be it's likely going to go down and so that's a lifestyle intervention and that clearly does things and it turns out that we know that diet is also going to lower or raise certainly it has an impact on LDLC that is known but it also can have an effect on LDLP through cholesterol synthesis and absorption now I think that that I think the the relationship there is much less clearly understood I've speculated about what what I see occurring there seems to be a subset of people who when they consume high amounts of saturated fat see a really significant increase in cholesterol synthesis I think Tom Dasebring has written a really eloquent piece on this so if we can find it if it's publicly available we should link to it because I think it's a great piece on the hypothesis around why certain people in the presence of high saturated fat just start making much more cholesterol and then of course the contentious topic is doesn't matter right we know the answer to that question but that's a point I was among them at one point I think it's you get an NMR and it gives you your LDLP count is it in nanomoles and it actually reminded me of a fletch and Gillette collecting rent I believe and he picks up one of Gillette's letters and he says oh a letter from the Oakwood Potency Clinic we're sorry to inform you we can't process sperm counts as low as yours so in the case of this NMR I get the test back and you you probably know the number maybe it's like 2500 or the upper cut office 3,53500 and it has a one of those awesome greater than signs it's great than 3,500 so we're sorry our machines can't process LDL particles is high as you and I think during the time I was doing an experiment we're as eating a lot of my calories were coming from saturated fat it was probably a supposedly a well formulated ketogenic diet but a coconut oil maybe some of us coconut oil but are etc but it was heavily loaded with saturated fat but I would love to read that article and because it's one of those things it's gone around the circles is it good is it bad but it is definitely something that's seen I think yeah I mean given how amazing we've made progress on this and how we've barely been out for an hour and we're almost done I mean I'm happy to expand on this just based on my observations because I'm sure someone's gonna end up asking anyway I've probably seen this now it doesn't times where either someone comes to me already on a ketogenic diet or we put them on a ketogenic diet and they develop this this change in their lipids now there are some people who will argue that it's transient and it's gonna go away in you know a year or two years or whatever maybe so there are others that argue that it's irrelevant that the increase in the cholesterol synthesis and the LDL cholesterol and the total cholesterol is actually a good thing and there's some reason that they offer for that that I don't quite buy or understand but my view is all things equal until I know better I'm gonna assume at high LDL is probably problematic and more importantly the point is are there ways to reverse the diet and reverse the condition and figure out what was the component within the diet that was doing and was it the total fat was the subset of the fat et cetera and in God all but one of those cases of maybe a dozen when you just replace the saturated fat with mono-unsaturated fat even if they stay consuming a very high fat diet the problem goes away which has not that that's proof of anything but that really suggests to me that in those patients they're getting more saturated fat than they can process because you know I had one the first patient that I ever went through this with my first thought was dude we got to take you off this ketogenic diet man like I'm not we can play keto camp all day long but I'm not that comfortable with these numbers and he was like but you know I'm not going off a ketogenic diet like you know and he had all his reasons for why he you know felt better and performed better and all those things so I said okay well then we could keep you on a ketogenic diet but we got to I want to see what happens if your saturated fat goes from 75 grams a day to 25 grams a day and to do that you're gonna get really familiar and friendly with olives olive oil and macadamian nuts and he's like I don't care you know he was a young guy and he was he'd do anything he was kind of like a robot and so sure enough and like eight weeks of that change his LDLP went from greater than 3500 to you know 1200 same thing I had a lot of guacamole macadamian nuts that replaced the saturated fat and the numbers came down and everything else guiber take H.D.L. triglycerides all that stuff for sort of in the same ballpark as before but that LDLP came down yeah and I got to tell you I mean I'm sure that this will kick up a storm of people with you know very very strong religious like views on oh there's nothing wrong with an LDLP of 3500 and you know again I don't buy it because the other thing I don't buy is a lot of those times you'll see the oxidized LDL go up as well and and and how are we in the middle of it and some knuckle head dressed like rag racing on 79 I don't get that like it's not as grittuited as it was going to be so nice to think we should we should get involved wrap up the engines he likes cars we just need some jack cameras right now so yeah when I see the oxidized LDL and CRP go up as well which I often see with that then I think you know there's something else going on here this isn't just a cholesterol synthesis problem it's an inflammatory problem something is not I mean and look I wasn't that guy I mean I probably ate when I was in ketosis that's probably eating 200 grams a day of saturated fat maybe not quite that much maybe one 50 but I was eating a lot of saturated fat but I didn't have any of those response you know my CRP was really low my Triggs were not exist in my LDL particle number was probably around the 50th percentile you know 12 to 1300 animal per leader like I just didn't have any of those findings and again I see a lot of people who don't have those things so I don't know why some people have these paradoxical reactions but I also don't think it's safe to ignore them just because insulin levels have gone down and going back to oxidized LDL if you saw oxidized LDL going up my new be understanding of this is that oxidized LDL is in a sense L P little A so that L P little A well that's when it's oxidized phospholipid yeah so the L P little A picks up the oxidized phospholipids frame the lipoprotein from the LDL yep and then that L P little A particle itself is now carrying the oxidized phospholipids but that's not a oxidized LDL no the ox LDL assay is different from the ox PL assay the ox LDL assay works independent of how many apoAs you have okay I like to see that number below 40 again I think the lab likes to see it below 60 but I like to see that along with the L P P L A 2 which you alluded to earlier these are really local markers of inflammation and those are important because if you see a patient with an elevated C reactive protein should you be concerned about it I mean yes probably but the question is is it cardiac specific or not you can't really tell so that's why looking at fibernogen and C reactive protein and homocysteine and L P P L A 2 and oxidized LDL help you get a better picture of if there's inflammation how much of this do we think is going on locally at a vascular level you know versus some place else this is you know you see this all the time and people who have food insensitivities and things like that with respect to the fibernogen is CRP yeah it's a well probably throwing those figures you just mentioned that the L P PLA 2 and L P little A and then ox then there's another thing called it's the ox that is phospholipids over the apoB and in that paper it's a 2007 paper and I think Samica says the last author on it as well he's all over the place they show the hazard ratios and it's a J curve so that the very the lowest they call the sex style so they have they partitioned into six different groups on the lowest if you look at the hazard ratio the hazard ratios about two so the risk doubles if you have very low L P little A does he explain why he thinks that's happening I'm not I wonder if it's an artifact of apob being higher possibly the denominator going up which shrinks the total number I'll have to look at that and there are any other L P little A questions that came through the inner webs not through the inner webs well then I think we can bring to a close our inaugural chapter one chapter one vote on what you want to hear about any final words Bob it's interesting I knew about L P little A a little bit prior to Bonnaud's article in January and after doing some digging there's there's some other thoughts about this stuff that I'm sure we'll get into down the road but it's that proverb I think this seemed to lab quotes it says he says it's a Venetian proverb it says the further from the shore the deeper the water and so the more you dig into this the more you learn the less you know in a sense it's you sort of expose yourself to a lot of unknowns so it's absolutely fascinating and I think it it also gets to how most physicians don't even know about this stuff and you alluded to it and one of our conversations previously that there's this lag in terms of the medical knowledge and what's the accepted wisdom and the guidelines and things like that so I think L P little A is one of those cases that's just it's fascinating and it's the more you learn the less you know but the more you want to learn yeah and we're really as you pointed out earlier in our infancy of this thing yeah if we were just gonna put numbers to it I think five years ago I had 50% understanding like one unit of understanding to two units of perceived total volume of content today I'm at 10% understanding 10 units of understanding to 100 units of perceived total content so has my knowledge gone up in five years yeah it's gone up tenfold the problem is my appreciation for how much information is out there on this topic has gone up 50 folds so my relative insight has actually gone down fivefold what is that it sounds like the done in Kruger effect a little bit it's that when you know like just like the surface level that's when you're the most confident you think you know everything and then as you learn more it's like that done in Kruger it's like a you and then your confidence in your knowledge goes down hey welcome to the 24 hour news cycle cable TV and Twitter man I don't know if that's done in your Kruger but it's on the left side everybody's very confident well in summary I'd say the following if you're listening to this as a patient you should demand that you're LP little AB now and it's non-negotiable especially if you're a family history of a thosocratic disease if you're physician and this is your first exposure to it I hope that we've invited you to learn more and I hope that we've provided you with enough information that you're sufficiently curious and and we'll certainly make a point to link to this some of the what we think are more relevant things worth noting I think about three days ago a nice CD 10 code was actually just issued for elevated LP little A that's a pretty big deal that's like one of the signs that it's not some little nerds only thing once you once you get your iCD 9 code issued or iCD 10 rather and if you are neither a patient nor a physician I don't know what you are and therefore this podcast probably is not for you you can find all of this information and more at peteratiamed.com forward slash podcast there you'll find the show notes readings and links related to this episode you can also find my blog and the nerds of barri at peteratiamed.com what's a nerds of barriu ask just click on the link at the top of the site to learn more maybe the simplest thing to do is to sign up for my subjectively non-lame once a week email where I'll update you on what I've been up to the most interesting papers I've read and all things related to longevity science, performance, sleep, etc. on social you can find me on twitter, instagram and facebook all with the id, peteratiamed but usually twitter is the best way to reach me to share your questions in comments. Now for the obligatory disclaimer this podcast is for general informational purposes only and does not constitute the practice of medicine, nursing or other professional healthcare services including the giving of medical advice and note no doctor patient relationship is formed. The use of this information and the materials link to the podcast is at the user's own risk. The content of this podcast is not intended to be a substitute for professional medical advice, diagnoses or treat. Users should not disregard or delay in obtaining medical advice for any medical condition they have and should seek the assistance of their healthcare professionals for any such conditions. Lastly and perhaps most importantly I take conflicts of interest very seriously for all of my disclosures. The companies I invest in and or advise please visit peteratiamed.com forward slash about.