So now we're in the third and final sequence of our upper back and neck health and prep. What I love about this phase is we're actually getting to load the joint. So what I see a lot of times is people will stretch and leave it at that. First is when you actually load and put pressure on the joint it's much more likely to stay in that position. So you've got to challenge it now with load with weight or you'll just go back to your old patterns. The first exercise in the loading sequence is a wide row. I'm going to have Peter take the handles and create a little tension with his hands. Now you'll notice the downward angle here of the cable. That's so that the traps don't engage because when it's that downward angle it's more likely to keep his shoulders depressed and actually work the scapula and wrongboids in this area. Now all the time I see people wide row incorrectly. There's a lot of rows and all of them are good. You could do a close row. But when you do the close row you don't actually open up the joint and the rhomboids don't fire. It's mostly by-seps. So we're going to keep the row wide and elbows up so we can really focus on getting that rhomboid squeeze here and actually strengthen all those extensors that we work so hard to open up. All the time I see people try to get that last bit of row by turning their biceps in. So now you're really just doing a bicep curl and you're sathing all the strength and energy out of what you're trying to work which is that upper mid back. So always row keeping that 90 degree angle forward again. Pro traction, scapula, retraction, shoulder blades, rowing, really focusing on that pinch into the rhomboids. Also Peter's doing a fantastic job of keeping his head neutral. Often we want a row and as we get to the end the head will come forward. Make sure you really police yourself and stay back and neutral. Try to row in the posture you want to create. Now we're going to go into a hanging sequence where we're going to go through a few different variations of moves. But the idea here is to get the shoulder is open as possible and stabilize it all through the scapula and rotator cuff. Bringing everything we've done together and a great stability move for the shoulders. So I'm going to have Peter reach up and he's actually in a pretty close. The wider, the more provocative on the shoulder. So I want your basically thumb to be just outside of your shoulder blade pretty close and tight in here. Now the first move is going to be a dead hang. I say a dead hang but it doesn't mean that you're just totally flopping and letting your joints totally relax. So I'm going to ask Peter to just pull his shoulders down a little bit. So basically he's engaging that scapula right here. So now he's nice and tight here. Normally I would like it if we had a slightly longer height here so he could truly hang but this will do for our purposes. So that's it. Just hanging with his head straight pulling his shoulder blades down. I would start with as little as 15 seconds if you haven't done this before but you really want to work up to I'd say at least 45 seconds to a minute to really be moving on to the next phase. It takes a long time to establish this facial structure and you don't want to go too fast here. So start easy. Take your time progressing with this move. Now we're going to have him activate his trunk and this is a fantastic activator to basically make sure that he's getting that extension and hanging but he's not popping out as ribs and arching his back. So he's going to engage everything here and his deep transverse abdominis. Scoop his feet forward and now he really has to work very hard in that scapula to core stabilization. Remember we said that the scapula's job is to transmit weight into the core. So now I'm firing the core with this scoop and I'm firing up the scapula. Can you be strengthening for this complex? One point out here as I mentioned in the intro I have a torn labor mini shoulder and a lot of times I feel very vulnerable in a fully extended position. I've gone through phases of my life where it's very difficult to do a dead hang pull-up. But by doing this exercise which I always do before I go into my pull-ups I feel completely protected and in fact I feel a little out of sync if I try to do a pull-up without going through this exact sequence and the importance of being able to activate this transverse phascia when I'm in this position while protecting my shoulder while basically using a scapula to take the load off that joint and I just can't be overstated. So here as a guy with two torn laborum dead hanging. And let me also say that Peter's doing a great job activating his core but this exercise does decompress the back so the only time I wouldn't do this exercise is between heavy lifting because you don't want to tell the spine to decompress and then to compress with heavy weights. So do this anytime during your workout it's always a good time to hang hanging is the new planking but don't do it when you're doing a heavy hinge compression of the spine. This is the third and hardest of the hanging sequence so I really want to make sure that you can hang for at least a minute passively or in that hollow position before you even attempt this exercise. Start slow just 5 to 10 reps then build up to even 30 if you can handle it. The beauty of this exercise is that it puts each scapula in shoulder blade on an island so if you have any asymmetries and grips strength in time it'll start to balance out that asymmetry because one arm takes the load. So now we'll have Peter rocked back and forth making sure that when he transfers the energy from one arm to the other he's pulling the shoulder blade down on the hand that's gripping and then he'll transfer the other way pull that shoulder blade down it to the socket and transfer energy. He's just trying to get a little bit of lift here. A variation would be just starting this where you just kind of be light on your hand versus actually lifting it. So I'll have him actually stay with his hands on it and just practice gently transfer an energy pulling each shoulder down into the socket. Once you develop the coordination to transfer energy back and forth and feel comfortable bringing that shoulder blade down now you can actually lift the feet up and do this in real time. Paying close attention to really gripping, pulling that shoulder down, trying to get a little height with that opposite hand. Now we're going to show you a farmers carry sequence which is really important for the health and stability of that shoulder in its socket. What it does is it not only strengthens the joint socket in the scapula around it but it also strengthens your grip and we know that grip and shoulder health are interrelated. There's a reason why our grip gives up and pull ups because it's actually protecting our shoulder socket from something it can't stabilize. With any carry especially when your hands are down you want to use a weight that you can't buy a set curl because if you can do that you'll start to bend the bicep a little bit to take the torque off your shoulder. You've got to make sure to keep those arms really straight, pack your chin into extension with a straight strong cervical spine. This is another one where you want to move in the posture you're trying to create for yourself. So the first of the four carries is a farmers carry. I'm going to demonstrate this as Jesse explains how to do it correctly. I like to do these with one arm at a time because you have to fight all the lateral force of the old leaks versus doing a double carry. We're not really activating the sidewall of the trunk. I like to use double carry because I can cheat and lift more weight. So we're going to use the single carry and Peter's going to pick it up. Now, if you can't stand correctly in this position you can't walk. Peter's doing a great job of keeping a nice straight right side and where he's not flexing the oblique in. So I'll show kind of an incorrect way. We're going to flex the other cheek I see are people jut there hip out to decide to bring the center of gravity over the kettlebell. Nope, we're going to stay nice and tall shoulders back chin back. You're going to always see a little bit of space here. I also like to pretend I'm almost holding two kettlebells because that's going to turn on the other side and just walk at a medium pace. We're walking a little bit slow just because we're confined with space but feel free to walk at your natural cadence. You want to go pretty much until your grip comes out. I'd even queue Peter to be a little higher with his neck. It's really easy to let that neck flex forward here. Let's walk back. Tall neck. You can also pick a line on the floor that you're going to want to follow. Too often I'll see people kind of walk sideways. Laterally it's not easy to stand your center of gravity but that's the challenge to walk that straight line. The next carry is a front load carry which is incredible for not letting that shoulder internally rotate and teaching it to stay stable in external rotation. So I'm going to have Peter again pick up a pretty heavy kettlebell but one he can handle. He's a beast and he's going to keep a really nice, strong, straight wrist. You notice there's contact right on the side of the arm. I'm even going to have him rotate his arm a little bit in to form a little bit of a cradle and you can see his shoulder blade is in retraction here and it's not tilting forward. Same idea here. Take a walk. Stay long on that right side and this is a tough move. It's going to throw you off balance. You're breathing, you're keeping your chin tall and you're not letting that right side collapse. Not letting that right hip jut out to the side. Staying as tall as possible. The next carry we're going to do is probably my favorite for grip strength and transferring that grip strength energy into the scapula and shoulder joint. It's a bottoms-up kettlebell walk. So you'll notice that we're using a slightly lighter kettlebell because what Peter's actually going to do is tip the kettlebell up so it's upside down and hold it just from the handle working against all of that lateral rotation of the kettlebell. He chocked up because this isn't the best kettlebell for this. It has a vinyl coating which is a little bit slippery so I recommend doing a real metal one with some traction or you can use some chalk if you have it handy like Peter always does. Never leave home without chalk or dirt. So getting a good grip before he starts, keeping that shoulder blade retracted and back, keeping that head back, great challenge for your grip to rotate or cuff strength. Nice job here. When you do this with your watch hand, take your watch off because one foul up can cost you a watch. The last of our farmers' carry sequence is going to be done with an overhead press. But before we do that I just want to mention that any of these exercises can actually be done stationary. You still get a great benefit just from holding the posture but you definitely get a little bit of a short, better shoulder challenge when you're walking and moving with that unstable hip and trying to balance through those different planes of motion. Now you'll notice in this exercise Peter's going to use a slightly lighter kettlebell again when we had it side loaded or when we had it here close to our body I don't mind to wait being a little heavier but when it's above the head in a kind of provocative position especially for that AC joint I prefer it to be a little bit lighter. So another key here is as Peter's going to bring it over his head he's going to make sure to support and press with his opposite hand because I don't want a lot of work to be done with such a heavy weight pressing overhead but once it's locked in he can release that hand. You'll notice that as the force is compressing him downward he's actually fighting that by pushing his shoulder blade a little bit up. In the pull-up I had him pull his shoulder blade down because that the force was taking him up. So now he's slightly pressing up into that scapula, shin back, right into that shoulder socket, walking a nice straight line. Really easy for people to bring that shoulder forward and in fact if you can't touch the wall in that diagnostic exercise we did if you can't bring your hands up and touch a wall and that wall angel we did for the test you have no business doing this exercise. You have to make sure you can really open your shoulder all the way because if it's forward at all it's going to really stress that a cromule roof and make if you signs of impingement. So only the best shoulder movers should attempt this one. You know these days I don't really even do overhead pressing much anymore because the repetitive strain of the press seems to put much more pressure unnecessarily on my shoulder. So the just the end I were doing a shoulder workout we would spend much more time emphasizing actually strengthening the deltoids which can be done without overhead pressing and then using this in a static overhead way to generate this stability. Now we're going to bring everything together with a loaded twisting sequence. The beauty of this exercise is it's practical core to scapula, strength, and action. The other thing it is is that it's a shifting exercise. So too often we're working the shoulders in this front loaded lifting plane but now we're going to get an opportunity to shift with a weight and stabilize that shift. So I'm going to have Peter take the weight, put it just below his knee, keep it a nice tall back with his hips out. He's going to rotate his foot toward me and punch the kettlebell up at a 45 degree angle with arm straight and hold it for a beat. Then bring it back down. You'll notice Peter hinges with a tall spine. This is just like doing your classic hip hinge deadlift squats where you don't want to let this lower back flex. Turn and power from the hip and foot and punch the weight again. You'll notice Peter is an overroating here. You want to stay pretty much just outside your knees here any further and you might start to rotate from the lower back. All the rotation happens with the hip. I also like to say shine the beacon of light with your belly button. So your belly button should always be moving here. Imagine shining it all over the place. That's going to ensure you're not rotating from your back and it's coming from the hips.