This next move is a fantastic compliment to the broomstick exercise we just showed you. In this move you're going through similar ranges of motion in an overhead sequence, but you're getting traction from a resistance band and you're also getting to move your scapula in a rhythm along with your shoulder joint and we talked about the scapula being such an important structure that should slide along the ribs to support the shoulder and you're getting most of the rotations and movements in the scapula within this exercise. Now I like to do this as one continuous movement to save time, but just for the purpose of this video we'll break it up into some different motions so you can see the benefit of each different scapula or elevation or depression. So what we'll start with is Peter's going to take this band, put it over his head and he's going to create a little traction by pulling his hands into a y. Just a light bit of traction you don't want to be straining too much here. I'm going to have him elevate his shoulders so his shoulders go to his ears and then pull his shoulders down into scapula depression and then we have him open his palms and bring the band behind his neck. Really almost trying to rotate the palms downward to get that external rotation and then he'll come up again with that traction. Elevate, depress, turn the palms up, he's doing a great job keeping his neck neutral lining up over his body. And now on the next move I'll have Peter actually pin the cable into his upper back with his arm straight. Now just this is a fantastic stretch. The band is set just below his shoulder blades as you can see here. If it's too high it's going to actually hit his neck and I don't want a lot of people writing about they got snapped in the neck from this one. So he's going to make sure it stays right on those wings right here. He's going to bring his arms forward. Pro-tracked his shoulders forward with his palms down. Retract squeezing that scapula, almost trying to pinch a pencil here between his shoulder blades. Bring the arms back with the palms up behind him. Again opening the hands, staying in this plane. When you do this you're going to want to go down to this plane to get further but again you're just bringing the shoulder down and forward. You want to stay right in line with that upper back here and then he'll come forward. Pro-tracked again. Retract. We're teaching the scapula how to protect the shoulder here. Retract. Bring the palms back. Big peck stretch for all those people who love to do pushups and whale on the chest. Also stretching the AC joint here. So notice as we're going from the scapula retraction and forward position into the peck stretch we're rotating from palms down to palms up. And then here you go back to palm down. So many of the shoulder injuries we see because the scapula isn't doing its job protecting the capsule of the shoulder. This is the one exercise we're really focused on that scapula movement to protect the shoulder in the long term.