So two of my favorite exercises for grip strength. This is the first one where you take a hex down and you just do what's called farmers carry with it. So you grab these things, pull the chalk definitely helps to keep your grip on the runner. And then basically, if you walk around with these things, and what you're doing is increasing time, but you hold it in weight. So usually once I can get to 45 to 60 seconds of walking around, it's time to go up and wake. So you might even almost start with 15 pounds. This is about 22 and a half and I can hold this for over a minute. So you do about one or five pounds for 30 or 40 seconds and then just keep going. And I superset this basically in between most exercises. So I might get 10 sets of these carriers throughout the workout. Okay. Okay. One more bonus grip exercise I love is called a ghee pull up. So you put a towel here up over the pull up rack. And you can do this like either single or crossing the nose of the other area. And then you're going to pull up, but you're holding an towel. So popular due to exercise has the term ghee pull up. But you can see this is basically going to be a grip for taking exercise. Now, one thing that I'll just do, one of this to the other way, always really tug on the towel before you get up there. I kind of towel split on the floor and that doesn't pleasant. So there you have it, ghee pull up. Okay. The next one of that love and I also went to superset is to take a kettle valve in for carry. And then so I'm going to walk in with this thing in inverted carry. So again, really amazing grip exercise. You're also obviously getting a little bit of shoulder work here. Obviously a little bit of stability in a transfer sauce because you can't be able to stabilize an asymmetric movement. But for me, this is primarily another great grip exercise. And so, typically, do about a 30 to 40 second block. Come down, switch it up and go this way. I never do this side by side because when these things do, slip, you want to have a free hand to catch it. I've also sometimes do a heavier carry and not walk. So it's easier to just stand and static. So when I go to a heavier weight, I'll just do a static hold for 30 seconds. Alright, so that's the second one.