The father of modern medicine, Dr. Claude Bernard, he had said, in science more than in any other discipline, you have to recognize that we bring biases to any question. And you have to actively suspend those biases as you take in new information, so you have impeccable objectivity. And it's a lesson for everyone today. Unfortunately, I think we're going the other direction in science right now. We've got policing of misinformation. We've got this sort of culture of obedience in medical school that goes right down to your first day of medical school. So I'm optimistic on the future of healthcare because enough people now are sort of anti-central authority, anti-corporate, and there are questioning things they didn't before, but this culture of just get in line and do what you're told, is still a powerful force. Hey, everyone. Welcome to the Drive podcast. I'm your host, Peter Atia. Hey, Marty. Thanks for coming in. Good to be with you, Peter. Great to see you again as always. So you've got a new book out, Blind Spots. And this is a book, I guess. I certainly remember talking about with you as it was kind of in the works. We've had many dinners together when some of these topics have come up. Do I take, can I take like 5% credit for the inclusion of HRT in this book? Now you get 99% credit for that. That was incredible. And I saw a late edition, right? To the book. That was that tipped me off to do my own sort of investigative journalism. So I tracked down the people that made that initial announcement, saying it caused breast cancer. And I pinned them down and I went over the stats with them hard. And finally got them to confess that it did not. So thanks for tipping me off there and helping me shape the book. So the book is a great read and it goes through a number of situations that all kind of have this theme in common, which is an idea comes up. The idea is a bit shaky in terms of lack of evidence, which in and of itself is not really a problem. That really is the way medicine and science have to work. They have to start with ideas that we may or may not have great evidence for. But what sort of goes wrong? Why is there a book about this instead of a bunch of case studies of how everything has gone really well? So there's a science to group think. And that's really what's going on a lot of times. It's the bandwagon effect. It's not just in medicine. It's in business. It's in politics. It's in relationships. People are dead set on an idea, not because they're convinced of it, but because they simply heard it first. And there was a psychologist named Leon Festinger, who since passed away, but had written a tremendous amount of material on this idea of cognitive dissidents. He really carved this entire discipline out inside of psychology. And the idea is that the brain doesn't like to be uncomfortable with conflicting ideas. It likes to settle and be lazy with one thought. And so it's often the first thing you hear. And so if something comes along that challenges, your deeply held views or just what you've happened to her before, there's this internal conflict. So what the body does is it will reframe the new information to make it fit what you already believe, or it'll dismiss it completely, kind of the modern-day cancel culture. And so this happens in day-to-day life. It happens in human interactions. And it happens in medicine too. We get this sort of herd mentality. But the important thing is science is that the purpose of science is to challenge deeply held assumptions. And so that's something that I follow as a threat in so many areas of modern-day health recommendations in this book. And it will come back to this because I think one of the take-home from this is not just the stories, but what a person can do going forward. But I would also have to say that, and maybe this is, frankly, just a hard thing to hear, both is the author of the book, but as a person listening, which is, how does it individual, like a normal person navigate this? Right? Like, I'll use myself as an example. Not because I think I'm normal. I think I have at my disposal access to more information. I have a research team that can help me answer questions. And yet, if I was to challenge every idea out there that I held sacred, I'm not sure I'd get anything done. So what's the balance in your mind between your doctor tells you something? Kind of makes sense, like on first, it seems logical, at least plausible. But technically, you haven't done the thinking on it. How do you not allow yourself to become a crazy, conspiracy theorist who doesn't trust anything and throws out what's 80% good in the pursuit of throwing out the 20% that's trash? How does one navigate that? Right. How do you shift through that? It's, there are extremes on both sides. And you see the pendulum swing, like with childbirth. You know, there's this over medicalization of ordinary life. And then this swing back to avoid all doctors and hospitals and deliver it home with nobody. And that's a dangerous proposition. And so you see that frequently in the history of modern medicine. And for the everyday consumer out there, I think the flag should go up when something is put out there as a health recommendation with such absolutism as science, evidence-based. When really there's nothing to point to. That should be a flag for everyday folks. We don't want to create hysteria. We need people to trust doctors. I need my patients to trust me a lot of times, but asking questions should be part of the process. And I think there are times when we are very slow as a medical community to implement scientific evidence. And it's okay to educate the public on it. There's a non-operative protocol for appendicitis. Yeah, it's one of the things I wanted to talk about with you. Okay, you wanted to mention briefly now, so. Sure. Yeah. You can talk about how you and I learned to treat appendicitis. And what is appendicitis for us for us for maybe to fix a sense of this? Yeah, so inflammation of the appendix and infection sets in that sort of tight junctions break down and bacteria from the colon will creep in there. And in fact, the appendix it becomes inflamed gets into the blood system and late stages. And to give sense that people are sensitive, I mean, what's the lifetime prevalence of this and prior to any treatment? So 200 years ago, what was the mortality from acute appendicitis? It was over 60% Walter Reed, a famous physician himself died of appendicitis, the hospital and D.C.s named after him. So it was a common cause of death. And the lifetime prevalence was not that small. It was like seven percent. I mean, not it was five, but you're probably in that range. And so. Think about that, right? There's a one in 18 to one in 20 chance. You'd get an infection of your appendix and a 60% chance that if you got it, it would kill you. Yeah, I mean, it was, it still is one of the most common operations performed in American hospitals. And we have learned as a reflex as surgeons. You were at Johns Hopkins. You did this many times. We may have been in the operating room. We did many together. And so as a reflex, you learned to take out the appendix. You do it swiftly. You do it with lapar scope as of the last 30 years or so. And. That pre-med students are, you know, know this. This is like we will take the interns through the case. This is a reflex. We don't even think about it in the hospital. So it's been one of these easy things like diagnosed treat, diagnosed treat. Diagnosis used to be tricky because it can present a lot of ways. Now the cascans just points out the bull's eye and you go to work. You call the team, mobilize high five each other after the case, talk to the family. It's a quick, great case for a surgeon and a surgical trainee. Well, then a study came out showing that you don't need to operate. And a short course of antibiotics is 67% effective in patients that don't that come in with a appendicitis. If the appendix is not ruptured or there's no little stone, we'll be called a fecalith in the appendix. Which is the vast majority of people don't have rupture or a fecalith. So here is a discovery that really shook up the whole field of modern surgery. So just make sure folks are following us. The study said, look, if you're in the majority of cases of appendicitis, it's not yet ruptured and it doesn't have an obvious mechanical cause. You can instead of taking a person to the operating room, which is low risk, but not zero risk. You're still subjecting a person to general anesthesia. That's right. Plus there's the cost associated with surgery. You're saying that you can get 60 to 70% the same outcome if you give them any antibiotic. And if they don't respond to any antibiotic, then you'll take a third of those people otherwise back to surgery. Yes, exactly. And of those that do not, of those who respond well to the antibiotics, it's something like high 80% will respond to the initial course of antibiotics. A small fraction, maybe 12% will come back with recurrence symptoms in the first month and say, hey, I got that pain back and then you go to surgery with them. So the total cure though is about two thirds. Two thirds. Okay. And you don't get behind the eight ball. It's not like, oh, they know, well, we washed it within a, we gave a short course of antibiotics, washed it. And now it's so far along, we can't do anything in the patient as far worse. They've done the long term follow up. So and it's not just, you know, you made a good point about the cost and the other thing. But the patient doesn't have to go undergo an incision, anesthesia, risk of infection, risk of hernia, all the minor risk that they're present. The carbon footprint of the hospital, the amount of waste produced, the nursing staffing resources. I mean, the weight list at a hospital every night in every hospital in America has cases that are waiting to go. And typically there's an appendix or two on that list. And sometimes these are operations that are going to be done in the middle of the night anyway. Yeah, we've got a nursing staffing crisis, you know. So there's so many implications to appropriately implementing this research. So I was talking to one of my colleagues because I I'd offer this to a kid who came in to see me. He had, it was, I was really in a dilemma, because I had redness study. It was convinced of it. And I thought this is at least something to offer patients. Nobody else was really offering it at the time. The study had been a couple months out. So I had it this guy come in about 19 years old. Perfect candidate. No rupture, no fecalith. Early appendicitis, young healthy guy. They're already getting antibiotics when they come in and get diagnosed in the emergency department anyway. So usually it's just running at a little bit longer. And I offer him the surgery versus no surgery. He tells me he has a wedding the next morning in Boston, which he has to fly to of his sister. And I'm thinking, oh my god, what gets him to the wedding faster? Just taking him to the operating room right now, which case he might get there in a wheelchair. I don't, you know, he should be able to leave the hospital in the morning and get a flight. He might lip around. He'll be in some discomfort. Or do I do the antibiotic protocol? So I just offered him both. And I told him what I don't know, which is I think the most important part of being a doctor is understanding the unknowns and dealing with uncertainty. And guess what he chose between surgery and no surgery. No surgery. No surgery. Yeah, of course. Yeah, do you want to go on to the knife or not? You know, it doesn't matter. Of course he chooses no surgery. So he goes to the wedding the next day, dances up a storm and I become so convinced that this may be revolutionary. And I tell one of my colleagues about it and he says, I don't buy it. I still live you've read that randomized controlled trial. It's published in like our top journal and he says, I need to see two randomized controlled trials. So I'm like, okay, you know, they've been doing this in Europe a lot longer than we've heard about it in the US. So a second randomized controlled trial comes out like a year later. I show it to him and he says, I need to see three randomized controlled trials. And then believe it or not, a third one came out. I think it was like six months later, long term follow up. The initial study was repeated in children's other studies came out that were non randomized. And I showed it to him and he says, I just think you're better with it out. And I'm thinking it would be unethical to do any more research. Like this is one of the big this is the cognitive dissidence that Leon Festinger was describing. Leon Festinger embedded himself into a cult to prove his theory correct. A cult that met in Chicago believed that aliens were going to pick them up because there was going to be a great flood. On a certain day, a certain time and he read about this in the paper that they were assembling to be picked up by this spaceship. And he realized this is the real world example of my theory of cognitive dissidence. Why we cling to what we hope believed first and we're not open-minded to be objective. So the thing he wants to test is when the aliens don't come to rescue the people that were the firm believers, how many will say, oh my god, how stupid was anything this, versus what will be the set of stories that get spun to explain why they're belief was still right? Sounds like you, you somehow knew that the aliens did not come and pick them up. I was able to make the leap of faith that the aliens indeed did not come. So they didn't come that night and he was there in the room with all the cult members. And somebody says at 1205 because the pickup was supposed to happen at noon and they had removed their belts and metals for the flight and everything. Somebody says, oh the other clock is wrong, it's really 1155 and everyone gets excited and there's this denial and denial through the night and then in the morning basically it, you know, it did was obvious it did not come true and they did not abandon their views, they dug in deeper. Those who had a little belief, they thought this is not and they just left but there was a physician that Festinger spent time with and he writes about it and is book called When Prophecy Fails where the doctor said, it just openly won. So almost in a Freudian way said, you know, I just have so much vested in this now at this point. My job, my family, my friends, everybody knows I'm so into this, I have to hold on and Festinger watched and plain view what we all experience in a subconscious way and that is this resistance to new ideas and you see it in politics and business and everything else and it was really amazing. It's a theory that's now well accepted as kind of dissonance and it's tied closely to effort reporting effort, justification, that's the concept and psychology and that is, hey, I'm Vest, I've spent all this energy on it, it must be good or just fired or and we do that with our surgical residency, fraternity, hazing, it fosters this cycle of abuse and in the examples by I think their name was Aaron and Mills where the two psychologists right after Festinger around that time and they took college students and they said, hey, we're going to have you do this task, we're going to pay you for the task, you take little pegs and you put him in. The most tedious point thing you can design and they paid them half of them 20 bucks and the other half $1 to do it for an hour which groups said they enjoyed doing the task more. The group, beginning to pay the dollar. The group beginning to pay the dollar because they had to justify and they did another experiment where they said, hey, we're going to have a sex talk and you have to take an entrance exam and there were three groups that took the entrance exam. One, they had an entrance exam that was incredibly difficult, they didn't give them the results, they just said, okay, you know, you passed. The other had a moderate exam and the other one had no exam. Then they had the talk and it was the most boring, disappointing, let down you could possibly. They basically said, yeah, bees get together and multiply and they're just kind of like, what, you know, this is what we tried hard to get in for this class and then they asked them, did you enjoy the class? It was designed to drive you nuts board and the guess which groups said they enjoyed it the most. The one with the hardest test. The one with the hardest test. And this plays out in our lives every day. Now that I've read these studies and have written about them, I think about this in our research meetings when new ideas get suggested when people ask me if we should do it a certain way. You know, we've got these traditions and dogmas and medicine that can take on a life of their own. So let's talk a little bit about peanut allergies. Probably everybody listening is no stranger to a peanut allergy. In fact, there's, I don't know what the prevalence is, perhaps you do, but it's quite prevalence. So there's again, the probability that someone listening to this doesn't either have a peanut allergy or know somebody with one is probably close to zero. So let's talk a little bit about this. Has it always been this way? And if not, when did this, when did this become an epidemic? Well, it really is an epidemic and it's tragic and people can go into severe antiflexus just being neuropenate without even ingesting the peanut. In 1999, Mount Sinai did a study and estimated the prevalence to be about half of one percent and the vast majority were very mild. And it's there many theories as to why that might have crept up from zero generations prior. But the American Academy of Pediatrics decided to address this problem by issuing the recommendation. Now, they didn't know what to recommend. They honestly literally had no idea what to recommend. I went back and interviewed some of the individuals who made that recommendation. It was a strong recommendation. Even if it wasn't made with such absolutism, it was interpreted as the law of the land. And the recommendation was for all children, zero through three to avoid all peanut products, including the little peanut butter moms would put into food and infancy. And pregnant mothers and lactate mothers should also avoid 100 percent peanut abstinence. And what happened immediately after that recommendation in the year 2000 is peanut allergy rates in the United States began to sore. And we saw a new type of allergy which is the severe antifelactic reaction, the ultra allergy where if someone used the same ice cream scooper as in the pistachio, even though they had rinsed it, that kid could end up in the emergency room. When we saw emergency room visits, skyrocket. So the medical establishment deletes, I'll say, not the rank and file doctors that think independently. And the rank and file doctors knew they just made this up. And some were had immunology backgrounds and knew this doesn't fit with immunology. And immunology, you need to be exposed to things early in life to be immune tolerance, something called oral and immune tolerance. Parents had known it as the dirt theory, sometimes you around cats and dogs. Yeah, develop a robust immune system that helps your life. Bubble kids end up getting really, really sick later on. There's a pediatrician named Gideon Lack who's an allergist who was one of these enlightened guys early on. And he said he noticed kids that had, I think it was like iron or metal in their teeth for dental work were less likely to get a reaction to ear piercing later in life. And so he had done research in immune tolerance and knew this concept if you're exposed to something you're less likely. Well a bunch of pediatricians to test this recommendation tried to speak up. They were basically silenced or sideline. And this recommendation took on a life of his own. Parents were told for their kids, remember one, two, three at age one, you can introduce milk at age two, eggs and age three. Finally, you can introduce some peanut products. So it became known as the one, two, three. It took on a life of its own. It became dogma. As the peanut algae rates soared, the medical establishment said, what's going on here? We're telling people what to do. They're not listening. We need to double down. We need to get people to comply. We have non-compliant parents out there. If we can only get everyone to comply with this, we can defeat this epidemic. If you can dear little echoes here of modern-day correlations. So this doubling down took place. And the more they double down, the worse it got to the point where now there's an estimate of the one-eight, one-and-eight teen kids has a peanut algae. But the severe peanut algae is at the real issue now. It's banned in a lot of schools, about 20% of schools in America. I've banned all peanut products altogether. And the more you ban the less exposure, the more immune sensitization, because now you have to think about the one-and-eight teen kid with an allergy. So it became a self-licking ice cream cone. It was like, you know, more abstinence, more abstinence what are you doing. And the parents who were like, no, I'm going to introduce peanut butter as my grandmother did. And for generations, when there were no peanut allergies, they were seen as anti-science. They were ridiculed. Schools would address these parents sometimes. I have two medical students, or well graduate students doing research in my research center at Johns Hopkins from Africa, once from Cameroon and once from Zimbabwe. And they came to fly over to the research meeting in their first days. And they were like, what is it with the peanut allergies here? Like, they're announcing it on the plane to be WI. They're these all these products are like contains no trainites. And they're like, what have they've never seen this before in my life? And like, some student invited one of them to dinner at his house, because he was a new student from Africa. And he goes, oh, would you like to come over for dinner sometime? And he goes, yeah, sure, do you have any peanut or other allergies? And he's like, Marty, what the hell is with this peanut obsession here? We have no peanut allergies in Africa. And I was like, wow, faith. Have you ever heard of a peanut? These are public health graduate students. No, we have no peanut allergies in Zimbabwe. Then I would call relatives that I have back in Egypt, same thing. I've never heard of a peanut allergies except for there was an X-pat living here in Cairo, hit a peanut allergy. And you realize this is a unique American epidemic that was created. But there must have been some index cases that caused the hysteria. Yeah. So that incidence from outside, I suggest half one percent. It might have been microbiome related, we think. But the peanut abstinence just through lighter fluid into this fire. And it really resulted in where we are today. So where is the American Academy of Pediatrics today on their recommendations? So here's the thing, the study got done eventually 15 years into the recommendation. That doctor Gideon Lack, I mentioned in London, published a study in the New England Journal of Medicine with 640 kids doing a randomized control trial to early peanut butter exposure in infancy for five, six months. Not as they're sold diet. He's go pro-bent breastfeeding, right? And whole peanuts have a choking risk. So I mean the smart way. Yeah. And then some peanut abstinence in peanut introduction in infancy. Fast forward a couple of years, radically eightfold different rates in peanut allergies and spher allergies. Published in the New England Journal of 15 years. Why didn't the American Academy of Pediatrics? And so what year was that study published? 2015. Okay. Then of course, full difference. So we're talking about that's almost like a significant as smoking, giving lung cancer versus not. Like smoking versus not smoking and lung cancer was about a tenfold difference. Yeah. One of the biggest odds ratios you see in research. Yeah. And then of course, the, you know, the beer crats at Nye Add and NIH from the National Institute of Allergy and infecses. They fought two years later. They get around and putting a position paper and all this stuff. So, 17 years. But do we also understand how much, how much is that position paper reverse the behavior in parents? Because when it comes to kids that are born today, do we know that the amount of peanut abstinence going on is virtually gone now? I think it's unknown. But it's a great point you raise. Why not reverse the recommendation now that the science is clear with the same vigor at which you put it out initially? Why not show some humility? Why not what if the leaders got out there and called CBS mornings and other morning shows and said, hey, we got something terribly wrong. We really need to correct the record on this. You didn't see that. Yeah, that's to me on my soapbox. That's really the beef I have with DHRT. Stuff is the absolute, I mean, mega foam of, you know, fear that was promulgated through estrogen hysteria in 2001. And even though if you read the fine print today, many of those people have walked back those recommendations of estrogen avoidance. But again, it's not only is it too little too late, you've got a generation of women, literally a generation of women over 20 million women who have been deprived of HRT. But even women that are available eligible to take HRT today, they're still confused because the same megaphone that was used to say estrogen will give you breast cancer is not being used to correct course. So there's an enormous asymmetry in these information campaigns. And one little piece I know you've done a great job covering HRT. But one of the guys in that committee. So in the investigative journalism, I did around the HRT dogma. Before the announcement, there was a committee meeting where they were hoodwaint. And the 40 investigators were basically told, hey, throw out the agenda. We've got some breaking news on this study causes breast cancer. We have already submitted the journal. It's coming out. And a bunch of guys there are like, what the, this is not how we do research, right? One of them Bob Langer, who I interviewed, had said in a shouting match with the lead investigator. He said, look, if you put something out there as sensitive as breast cancers caused by HRT, if you, you will never be able to put that genie back in the bottle. And that's exactly what happened. And sure enough that guy had confessed to me that it did not cause the renewing increase in breast cancer deaths, you know, maybe with a gun to his head when we were in it, you know, I was doing the interview with him. Yeah, not a single increase in breast cancer deaths. I believe in that was at the time of publication. That was again demonstrated nine years later. And again, demonstrated 20 years later on the follow-up of the same cohort. I can't tell you, Marty, how many times I get asked this question. It is, it is probably the single most prevalent topic of discussion I have in a public setting, like get a dinner or, you know, something like that. So it's amazing how much incorrect information still exists out there. It's amazing. There's probably no modern day medical intervention that has improved the health of a population as much as HRT for postment of positive. But it's not just HRT. The medical establishment got opioids wrong for 35 years. They got heart stance wrong for 15 years. They got the low fat diet wrong for how many 60 plus years. They got peanut allergies wrong for 17 years. Where's the apology? Where's the humility? Where's the, you know, that's why there's distrust right now. Yeah. And again, this is, this is where I really, really struggle. Because I have friends who are otherwise smart people who have such ridiculous views in terms of like where the pendulum is one the other way. And like they're convinced like you shouldn't microwave your food because microwaves are harmful. And I don't say this to be kind of arrogant. But there's also such a degree of scientific illiteracy that even when I try to explain to one of these friends, what a microwave is. And why a microwave can't be harmful. Like why it, you know, you have to understand what ionizing radiation is. You have to understand what a light, like if if microwaves are harmful, then light is more harmful based on the wavelength. But that's a hard thing to explain to people who don't understand science. You can't see wavelengths, right? So it's, it's, it's, it's difficult. So I think that's what bothers me is we've created kind of a bi-modal distribution, right? Of complete rejection of science and everything that medicine says is wrong. And you should never go to a doctor and anything your doctor says is wrong to complete an utter blind faith. And again, it comes back to my question, which I don't have a great answer to, which is how does a reasonable person maintain skepticism, but you know, not be paralyzed by it and not be pushed so far to either extreme. And I still, I still come away thinking I don't know the answer to this. Yeah, I don't have a satisfying answer either. And I feel for the everyday person out there, friend of mine who will come up to me and says, well, I asked about hormone therapy, but my doctor, whom I love, said, no, it does this. You know, you don't want to create so much skepticism where people are denying a chest tube when they have an suction pneumothorax. Right. So it's like, what is that, Bel, I don't have a satisfying answer, but it is exactly what Leon Festinger was describing. And the father of modern medicine, Dr. Claude Bernard, he had said, in science more than in any other discipline, you have to recognize that we bring biases to any question. And you have to actively suspend those biases as you take in new information, so you have impeccable objectivity. And it's a lesson for everyone today. Unfortunately, I think we're going the other direction in science right now. We've got policing of, you know, misinformation. We've got this sort of culture of obedience and medical school that goes right down to, you know, right down to your first day of medical school. So, you know, I'm optimistic on the future of healthcare because enough people now are sort of anti-central authority, anti-corporate, and they're questioning things they didn't before, but this culture of just get in line and do it your told is still a powerful force. Yeah, I mean, I'd love to spend some time when we get through a few more of these interesting examples talking about how to, how to at least change medical education. And to me, one of the most important changes I would make if I were medical education saw would be a very dedicated track of statistics and probability theory. And I think this is important for all of science, right? I mean, you, I know you would agree with me, I think, but you know, there are no proofs in science. You know, I've said this many times before, so nothing is 100% certain. So, so science is not a thing, right? It's a process. And what is highly probable today is probably a better way of describing something that we think is true. So, you know, and new information should always be obtaining probability. So, if you think about that framework, right? If people are trained in in in the mathematics of uncertainty, which is what's the statistics and probability theory are, and I feel very fortunate because I was a math major before I went to medicine. So, that kind of came a little more naturally to me to think that way. You could look at, you know, you could look at some index cases of peanut allergies in the 90s, and you could say, well, my hypothesis is this is due to being exposed to peanuts as a child. Now, that turns out to be wrong, but that would be your hypothesis, but you wouldn't cling to that hypothesis with absolute certainty because you would understand that it's a probability distribution, and you might assign it a probability of 50%. And you would say, well, if this is true, how would I test it? I would test it, and then based on information as it's coming in, I'm updating that probabilities. Now, more than 50% or less than 50%. And I know that sounds very mechanical, but I can't really think of another way. I mean, and I know we're going to try not to talk about COVID today because the world's COVID fatigue is rampant, but COVID offered so many lessons in this, right? Which is, hey, did this virus come from a lab or did it come from a wet market? I don't know. I'd say 90% it came from a wet market because we have a precedent of viruses coming out of wet markets. Okay. Well, it's three months later, we have some more information. We found out about this research being done there. Should we update the probability? Okay, maybe it's 80-20 now. Great. That's an update in probability. Six months later, hey, we still haven't found the vector. Okay, maybe it's 50-50 now. But if we thought about it that way, I think it's easier to change your position. Yes. Because you're not wed to a binary outcome, yes or no. You're thinking about it as a probability distribution function, that's right. Which is constantly getting upgraded and updated and improved and it's theoretically converging on what is true as we go. And that's true of everything, right? I mean, like I've lost track of all the other things. Fortunately, I've purged most of them for my brain, but like I've remectin, you know, all of these things. I mean, all of these are reasonable things to have assumed that what became unreasonable was to not go through this process. Both sides, the sides that clung to them and the sides that morally oppose them. So anyway, we should we should probably revisit that. Let's shift gears a little bit and talk about antibiotic use. So this is something that probably doesn't get that much attention. I know Marty, when I was in the hospital, we did talk a lot about this. In particular, we talked a lot about it in the ICU, which was the idea of antibiotic resistance being a real problem. But as a person who lives outside a hospital now, I don't hear much about it. So that makes me think one of a couple scenarios. scenario one is it was greatly exaggerated in the early 2000s when I was a resident because it hasn't materialized resistance resistance. Resistance. It was real and it's still real, but more and more drugs are being developed to keep the bacteria a day. So you know, you might walk through several other machinations, but give us a sense of what this means, what the implications are and what can be done about it. So about a hundred thousand people in the US die a year roughly from resistant bacteria that resistant to the antibiotics we've had. The time period it took for bacteria to develop resistance through their natural evolution was about 23 years when antibiotics were first mass produced in the 1950s and 60s. Then it shrunk down to 14 years and now it's about one year within a year and bacteria will mutate around an antibiotic and it'll be a blank, say, methysl and resistant staff lacoccus. We're now seeing C-Diff, one of those common bacteria, take the life of somebody, you know, every other month or so in the hospital and most hospitals, it's you tend to pick it up in the hospital. Sadly, you look back and you say, oh yeah, they took an anseph for this tiny little thing they didn't need to take the anseph antibiotic for. The about 60% of our patient antibiotics are unnecessary according to several studies and in patient antibiotics, I'm not sure it's much better. I personally have given thousands of unnecessary antibiotics because I've been forced to, well, I say I give them. It's the operations that I do. There's this protocol that you give every single operative patient antibiotic before the incision. Yep, Marty, I don't think I ever cut a person's skin in my life without an antibiotic being unbored except for a certain trauma case where you're literally putting a knife on them the second they walk in the door because they're going to die. But yes, we would, I don't know, we used to give anseph. I don't know if that's the case, right? That's yeah, I don't know why yeah. Okay, so and then again, the reason was, um, there are bacteria on the skin and even though we scrub the skin, you can't get every bacteria out. So we're going to give you an antibiotic that has to be in your system. It's going to be given to you intravenously. And then usually the anesthesiologist will does it in pre-oper before you cut skin so that by the time that incision goes through whatever bacteria are on the edge of that skin aren't going to potentially again. And so again, makes a lot of sense. I never questioned it. Where there, and there must have been studies that demonstrated lower incidents of wound infections, right? I can't imagine something that prevalent was was implemented without an RCT. Was it? The worst studies and the RCTs in major abdominal operations that were done open, your most surgeries done minimally invasive now and people have inappropriately extrapolated those findings to minimally invasive surgery. I mean, have you ever heard of an infection after a laparoscopic in Gurohernia? Maybe like a case report. I've never seen it but isn't that because we're giving them antibiotics potentially? I don't think so, but if because you would see at least some, I don't think it would be 100% effective. You don't see that with abdominal surgery. I mean, it reduces the incidence of infections a little bit. I just don't think there's any mechanism in some of these procedures. I don't think it works only at guest this. Well, for whatever reason, with no data, the research from open abdominal GIC has got extrapolated broadly. And I remember asking, I was actually in practice a little bit before the broad recommendation. I remember asking this guy patched DeLinger who was involved in these recommendations is called like the antibiotics society of America. You know, one of these, there's no these niche meetings. We have the pancreas club, you know, it's like all these meetings. It's more fun than the spleen society, by the way, they're they're boring. And so I remember asking why is it that antibiotic recommendation at the time of incision? For every operation, I've never seen or heard of an infection for these minor procedures. And he said, well, you know, we thought a lot about that on our committee and we decided making it easy to remember to do it for every operation would ensure that the big operations get it. And I thought, well, we may have a blind spot in American medicine. Now it's very obvious to me, based on some research I've been seeing out there that not only could we be breeding resistance, but what are these antibiotics doing to the gut microbiome? And it turns out that a new theory, which has emerged out of the University of Chicago, is suggesting that surgical infections don't come from the skin bacteria crawling in. It comes from the gut. Some sort of weakness in the gut and there may be a transposition of some bacteria. And they've actually done studies now in mice where they alter their gut microbiome prior to surgery. And they have found that there's some reduction in infection. So there may be sort of probiotics preoperatively that may reduce the risk. This is a big area of ongoing research. There's nothing definitive. We've learned the people should chug a gatorade three to four hours before surgery is mostly for the glucose, but what's it doing to the gut? Are the patient coming in into starvation state and is that doing something to the microbiome? We've had all this dog by in the operating room. You got to wear your hats, like you have a cover your shoes, some places, don't cover your shoes. And then you go overseas as you may have as well. You go to Africa and you realize they're not wearing anything. Not even wearing masks when they're doing surgery. And their infection rate is no different. Really? Yeah. Yeah. And this is surprising to me. Yeah. And you think, well, what is the mask doing? Is it preventing sweat from dripping in? Is it preventing the airborne particles? Because the airborne particles just come out of the side of your mask. Right? So there's still, so there's this University of Chicago research is challenging a lot of deeply held assumptions in an operating room protocol. But one of the things I feel bad about, and I don't do it anymore now is going in for a minor laparoscopic procedure. And a physiologist says, you want me to give Antsaf and I say, no, you can hold off. The average 10 year old in America has taken 11 courses of antibiotics. And the average three year old has taken two and a half courses of antibiotics. We think that zero to three age group is the most, the microbiome is the most sensitive to antibiotics. But antibiotics are like carpet bombing your microbiome, you know, these millions of bacteria that live in a harmony. And this study, I don't know if it's, if I can mention this, but this Mayo Clinic study is our study before I was dying to tell you about this study. Incredible study out of the Mayo Clinic that came out. I think maybe the most significant study of the modern era in that it's shattering our deeply held assumptions about chronic diseases. In the Mayo Clinic researchers took the 14,000 children that live in Olmsted County in the area of Rochester, Minnesota. And they looked at kids who took an antibiotic course in the first two years of life and tracked whether or not they developed asthma, learning disabilities, overweight, obesity, later in childhood. And what they found were these incredible correlations were about 10,000 kids who had taken an antibiotic course and 4,000 who had not and they matched them to the best of their ability statistically. A 20% increase no obesity among kids who had taken an antibiotic in the first two years of life. 21% increase in learning disabilities. These were all this statistically significant findings. 32% increase in attention deficit disorder. In 90% increase in asthma and a 289% increase in celiac. Other studies have shown a correlation between antibiotics early in childhood and ulcerative cladis and Crohn's disease makes sense for changing the microbiome. We may be carpet bombing the microbiome with the dogma that there are no downsides to antibiotic. She got some sniffles. Probably want to help you. But it won't hurt you. Not true. How do we know in this study Marty that the 4,000 kids who were in the control arm that didn't get antibiotics weren't healthier kids, which is why they never needed the antibiotic. And that it wasn't some other factor about the 10,000 who did get the antibiotics either. They were just naturally less healthy kids. There was something about them that was less robust. There were other factors that couldn't be corrected for that actually explains those differences. I love it. That's how a scientific mind should think because there could be confounding variables. For example, maybe it's the infection that they were treating that is the blood to the surgery. So those are all good questions. Now my first while we cannot make conclusions from this study. But this study is an incredible signal that I think we should pay attention to for two reasons. Number one, it's been repeated in a Danish study of about a million children. Number two, there was a dose-dependent relationship. The more courses of antibiotics the child took, the more significant the more significant the higher the odds ratio. So again, worth maybe pausing and explaining to folks how you can increase the probability of a finding being real in an epidemiologic study. So again, it always comes back to this, what's the probability what you just said is causal. Cuzzality is the single most important force in science. Yes. I'm convinced of that. If you don't have causality, you have nothing. It's what makes the universe what it is in my view. So you stayed in a correlation. It's only interesting to us if there's causality. And now the question is how probable is the causality. And various factors defined by a statistician named Austin Bradford Hill speak to the strength of the association and the probability or likelihood that that association is causal. And you've outlined a couple, right? So one of them is what's the strength of the association period. So if I knew nothing else, the asthma, the 289% celiac celiac. So the fact that that had such a strong hazard ratio that's a hazard ratio of 2.9 versus the others that are like 1.2. You would say, well, just on the basis of strength of association, that one's more likely to be causal. You then stated another factor, which was reproducibility. There's another study that's done the same analysis and it's coming up with the same answers. So that makes it a little more likely to be causal. And then talked about the dose effect. Even within the association, like for example, all of this was sort of figured out during the kind of smoking, cholera epidemics when people were trying to understand causality. And then you would say, well, if smoking is causally related to lung cancer, then theoretically, my correlations should get stronger and stronger. The more cigarettes you smoke. If that's not the case, it becomes very hard to make the case that smoking is causing lung cancer. So you're saying that there was a dose effect. The more antibiotics you took, the more strongly you were having these associations. Yeah, and this is the first formal study I've seen like this on an epidemiologic basis that fits AI hypothesis that to me makes sense. The Sephlosporans had a higher correlation. They're generally considered to be a little more damaging to the microbiome than the Antseths and Petacellins. Is that because they target gram negatives more or anaerobic more or what's the, I'm so far out of my life on anybody. I don't even remember why that would be the case. I don't know, but this is these are, there are other observational data. For example, farmers have used antibiotics to fatten animals for food production for decades. And the world expert on the microbiome, Marty Blazer, who was the chief of medicine at NYU, his daughter developed chronic abdominal diseases. And obesity, they feel terrible because they gave her a bunch of antibiotics in childhood. And they thought there was an association. He started, he's a laboratory scientist. He started doing all these mice experiments. If antibiotics are making animals, more obese, what are they doing to humans? By the way, is another one of the Bradford Hill criteria. Do you have experimental evidence that also supports this, which of course, in the case of human epidemiology, you would look at that at animals? So, of course, someone listening to this might say, well, okay, Marty, but there's got to be some bad luck involved here. I mean, you had, let's go back to the Rochester Minnesota study. You got 4,000 kids who never took an antibiotic. 10,000 kids who did at least a course or two. Well, I mean, those 10,000 kids weren't just given antibiotics for no reason. They must have had ear infections. They must have had tons of light as they must have had appendicitis. They must have had something. Well, what were we supposed to do? Yeah. How do we make that? How do we draw the line between what was medically necessary? Because as unfortunate as those consequences are, they pale in comparison to a life-threatening infection that could have killed a kid. So, how do we decide what the minimum effective dose is? What's absolutely medically necessary versus what is superfluous and potentially just exposing a kid to this complicate. These complications later in life antibiotic save lives. You've seen it and I've seen it right in front of our eyes. They're amazing medications. They ushered in the white coat era of modern medicine. And as I wrote in my book, Marty, it's what took us from medicine. 1.0 to medicine. 2.0. Yes. We died like dogs. Yes. But 250,000 years of human existence. We died like dogs. Yes. And you got an infection. What life expectancy was 38. Mothers and child. Again, it's not the only thing that made the difference. But it was arguably the single most important difference with sanitation and antimicrobial therapy in the transition from medicine 1.0 to 2.0. That's right. So, we don't want to throw the baby out with the bath water of the baby. This is the nuance, which if people want to sort of a simple dumb message and all or nothing, which is where our echo chambers of media and politics take us in life. And social media, right? You want this all or nothing, absolutism. Antibiotic save lives, but they are also massively abused and overdosed at least 60% in all the studies. And we've seen it. We've seen it. Meaning 40% of antibiotic use is justified. Yeah. And I even questioned that number because they would say that I should be giving antibiotics before my minor procedures. But there's also epidemiologic data over time that look at all these chronic diseases. Now, I know they're multifactorial, especially obesity. But look at all the increases we've seen in these exact diseases that they've seen increase in the antibiotic group. After the broad administration of antibiotics in the 1940s and 50s, in the 60s, you know, it just went up even further, the discoverer of antibiotics. Ali Xander Fleming in 1922, he had warned after he got the Nobel Prize about the massive overuse of antibiotics. He had written in his diary that I found in my research that these mass factories producing penicillin at Bloom away. This was a mold that Bloom into his lab when he left the window open. We don't know if his hammer is lab tech. He says he's unknown. But somebody left the window open in his lab where he was growing staff in an auger gel. And some of that mold landed and formed a circle around the mold where all the bacteria were killed. And he had discovered what's considered to be the greatest discovery of moderate medicine. And so you're right, it took us from being surgeon barbers where we had a Lancet and an axe to do amputations and maybe Dejoxin, which didn't help many people. And that was it. And doctors weren't disrespected, but they were respected like a priest or a barber. And then with the mass production of antibiotics, now we had the power and controlled a substance where only we could give you a magic pill. Doctors began to wear white coats. They had an unquestioned authority. We kept people in the hospital. A little of the support and you're not wearing a white coat today, Marty. I'm not a white coat kind of guy. But, you know, we held babies in the hospital for 10 days routinely. Normal healthy babies. And immediately I was in the hospital for 14 days when I was born. Normal. Yeah. At term. Yeah. I was 14 days. It's crazy. I remember by you could be out of the hospital with an aortic root replacement in half that time. I remember my little sister was born around 1980s. And mom came home from the hospital after delivering her. My brother and I were like, okay, we have a sister. And every day we'd ask, Dad, when is my little sister coming home from the hospital? Well, a doctor has had the release to her yet. She's totally normal, right? She's sitting in there for days and days. You go in there with some big glass window. You know, and they'd be like, there she is. Third row from the back. Six one over. You know, he's his little head of hair. We're apt and some. And you're like, you're looking back on it. This is the medical paternalism. This is that white coat era. This never happened before in history. People stayed in the hospital for two weeks after a cataract. They'd measure their toe diameter. They'd, you know, probe and poke and put babies of the NICU and feed them formula and, you know, the mother would be like, can I see a hold the baby? No, we have to take the baby. Even when I was in as a student, you know, I was in the OB rotations. My first rotation. I'm nervous. I mean, I was shaking thinking about it. They give me the scissors. You know, like, oh, right, section. You know, he's morning. You go in there and all sorts of K. K. I was going, okay, as soon as you see the embellish accord, you got it. And I'm holding this scissors. I want to learn about the process of childbirth, but I've blocked out everything. I've because I have one job, right? And I'm holding these scissors and then this K. Awesome. And then all of a sudden this baby and I can barely see this slippery cord and they're putting clamps on it. Cut it. You know, and I'm like swooping in to cut it and then they take the baby off to the back table. What are we doing? Oh, we have to re-warm the baby. Okay, so they put the baby under this table with the French fraud light and I'm thinking, baby, French. Oh. And baby, the irony baby was getting a warm blood transfusion from the mother with a pulsating embellic accord which was actively pulsating when you clamped it and told me to cut it. But I don't understand anything, I want to be, and I want to get, I want to get a good grade. And I'm like, Okay, well, um, you know, the mom wants to hold the baby with that B warm enough, you know, no, we have to warm the baby. Turns out the data now on skin to skin time hours of skin to skin. That's the best incubator. There's all kinds of incredible data now on how the baby has more normal blood pressure and heart rate and more normal glucose levels when the baby is held by the mother. And the heart rate and blood pressures, I thought I heard that in the studies and I was like, that makes sense, but I don't get the glucose. Why are the glucose, there's stress one cortisol, right? Of course, yeah, you figured it out quicker than I did. And um, um, I'm kind of like, what are we doing? You know, they're sticking a metal temperature probe in the baby's rectum. And I'm like, what, this is, can't, this is a nice way to welcome a human into the world. You know, like, what are we doing? Like the baby's temperature is what the mom's temperature was because the baby just came from mom two seconds ago. Like, what are we doing? And um, they were just like, oh, we have to put it on the sheet and all this probing and poking. And um, then they have to want they wash the baby. It's like you don't now they know they're not to wash the baby for the first 24 hours. So there's kind of a protonized protonaceous coat. And again, sea sections are they've safe lives. But sea sections like antibiotics are also massively overused and it turns out as the head of the microbiome unit at the NIH explained to me when I did the research for this book. She said in a vaginal delivery, the baby's got in utero is sterile. And so it's seeded. The microbiome is seeded from the bacteria and the vaginal canal. And then augmented by bacteria from the clasper from the early breast milk and the skin and the kisses of the grandparents. But when you're born by a sea section, the baby is extracted from a sterile operative field. And what may me see the baby's microbiome are the bacteria that normally live in the hospital. And when she explained it to me that way, I thought my God, you know, it makes sense. So what is the prevalence of sea section today? And how close are we to peak sea section versus what was it 50 years ago? So we're at a, we're about 30% in the United States, private hospitals in Brazil are at 90%. Over season, sometimes even worse. The individual doctor's sea section rate ranges from 12% to we've seen 100%. So we have a big project at Johns Hopkins and through our consortium on the appropriateness of care where we look at practice patterns of physicians. And we basically can profile a physician on their pattern of doing something where there's, there's no need to be a lot of inappropriate overuse. But again, just help me anchor this to some context. 50 years ago, presumably they were not doing elective sea sections. The sea section was done because it was medically necessary. Is that a safe assumption? Yeah, there's definitely more unnecessary sea sections. So what was the prevalence of sea sections? Pick your favorite decade when elective sea section was not done. Was it, is it like a five? Should it be five percent? Should be 10 percent if we're only doing it for medically necessary sea sections? The obese that I've grown to really respect, really trust ethically on, they talk passionately about the overuse of sea sections and they have impeccable judgment. They have sea section rates in the 12 to 15% range. Okay. So we think that that probably is at least in the zip code of what is necessary. And by the way, that let's go back to what we were talking about in the world of medicine, one point, oh, when we live to, you know, we barely got to our 40th birthday's. And infant and maternal mortality were sky high. Every one of those kids that would be getting a necessary sea section, they'd be dying and probably the moms are dying. So this is a huge advance. The fact that we could do this operation. And again, I know that you're not, I know you don't think this way, but I just want to make sure people listening to us don't take away from this sea sections are bad. Sea sections say flies. Yes. I mean, like I would argue sea sections, and he'd bite my hands. I saved more lives than anything that we're doing in medicine today. Correct. Yes. Right. That has doubled human lifespan. That's right. Be able because because when something goes wrong in pregnancy, air in delivery, it doesn't go wrong in hours. It goes wrong in seconds. Right. A fetus doesn't have an enormous physiologic reserve. So when their heart rate starts crashing, like you've got to get that baby out immediately. So what you're basically saying or what I think we want to discuss is, why did we go from a world in which once we had modern medicine at the early part of the 20th century, and we were able to get these 12 to 15% of children born safely via a sea section, how did that go to 50, 60, 70% depending on your series? What was that transition? Why did that happen? I'm told it's a combination of a consumerist culture. If you think about it, if we're being really honest here, I've talked to a lot of doctors in my life. I think you have too. Being an OB doctor, specializing in labor in delivery is one of the breedar. It is so hard. It brutal lifestyle. Yeah. And so you have somebody who's been pushing in labor. It's now 10 o'clock at night. They're telling you just cut this thing out of me. It may not be netically necessary, but in the sort of fog of the moment, I will tell you that there are OB practices that the ethical OB doctors I've interviewed and talked to tell me about this and it drives him crazy. There are OB practices where you check out from your first prenatal visit and the receptionist when they schedule the next one. It's also scheduled when you're sees actual. Would you like to schedule a pick a date for your C section? No, no informed consent. And people that runs in certain circles, I'd be nice to have it on Graham Mother's birthday and one of us scheduled it. Christmas Eve birthday and we try to schedule the birthday. There are so many factors in Brazil. There's a dogma that it changes. Faginal delivery changes one sexual pleasure. It's unsubstantiated, but it looms large as a dogma and popular society in Brazil. So there are many reasons. And I'm not in this field, but from talking to folks in it, there's a massive, I mean, my cousin I went with heroin. She delivered. She was by herself. And I've of course, I'm highly attuned to this issue. And the OB docs come in and they're looking at something on the rhythm strip and they basically tell her, well, I think that C section might be safer for the baby. Well, even though she didn't want to see section, she of course is reasonable and open-minded. You tell that to any woman in the world, there are a hundred percent going to see what it's doing. And so I think there's a little bit of what we call the Nudge. You know, hey, what about this nonoperative protocol for Penn to cite us? Well, it's a little experimental could be a little dangerous. Oh, well, heck, don't do it. You have bone on bone in your joint. Nothing is going to help except a knee replacement. I'll shed bone on bone. Just go ahead. Right. So we have these nudges in medicine and the kind of well known in every field. Look, I'm probably guilty of them myself. I would bet that if if I were if I were listening to me, if I were outside of me and listening to me, talk to patients, I'm sure there are many times when subconsciously I'm doing the same thing. I'm nudging them towards what I think is the right answer. Even if in cases when maybe my confidence should only be 70 percent instead of 99 percent. Do we have any evidence, Marty, that that trend is reversing, that it's coming back to more of a natural childbirth process in terms of everything from both a vaginal delivery standpoint, but also in terms of how the baby is handled post-operatively. I mean, I know that for all my three kids, they had the instantaneous cord cut. Yes. We were trying to set a world record with how quickly that cord could be cut. We really really smoke that thing. What is the trend on that now? So on that real quick, they've done studies looking at 45 seconds versus 90 seconds of delayed cord clamping and there was a clinical statistically significant benefit to 90 seconds. You're getting stem cells, you're getting benefit in what regard, what was the outcome? I don't remember. This is a Redb's randomized control trial of two timings and I'm told by the obese our respect. You want to cut it after it's done pulsating. Could go two minutes? Now, you were talking about the pendulum swinging to the extreme and people taking hard-line inappropriate positions. One patient told her once, don't you dare cut that before five minutes. And she's like, oh, it's not going to pulsate after two minutes. So we don't want to create extremists here, but the C-section rate has stabilized and I think it's because of awareness out there. I don't think people understand the impact of the microbiome. I don't think people, you know, study just came out in JAMA surgery that children born by C-section had higher rates of colon cancer before age 50. How much higher? I don't remember the odds ratio. JAMA surgery came out in the spring 2024. I think I've got it cited somewhere in the book, but it was a large database study from Sweden. Now again, we cannot make conclusions from that. These are little signals on the data that we're supposed to pay attention to. I do think it's stabilizing. Dr. Will Brune tracks C-section rates for health care organizations and he will say here's the 28 doctors at this hospital. Here's their individual C-section rates as we are pulling from big data. We're not going to grade. Dr. Shen big under scrutiny for 15% versus a 19% but we use these data as a screening tool. If you're over 30% see section rate in your low risk deliveries, which we can do in big data. We can use this of air pre-clampsia and the twins and all. Then that is a screening tool to identify inappropriate concerning patterns that weren't a closer clinical. How prevalent is that type of analysis today? We're the only group doing it that I know of. It's called global appropriateness measures. It's a consortium of physicians that I help start with Dr. Will Brune, GAmeasures.com is a website. Lots of groups that we pay. GAmeasures for global appropriatenessmeasures.com. And so health systems are saying hey, you've got all the commercial data or nearly all the commercial data. You've got 100% of the Medicare data, 100% of the Medicaid data. You can actually pull the C-section rate and low risk deliveries for our doctors. I want to see what they are. And then what they do is they send a report showing doctors where they stand on the bell curve. And when you're out here on the as an outlier, guess what happens when you get a report. We watch in the big data they regress towards the mean. By the way, what's the reimbursement or the economic difference between the C-section and the vaginal birth? 9,000 versus 7,000. I really don't know it's not an economic difference. I don't think there's any financial. I mean given again how brutal how difficult that job is of being an OB, I think it's other factors. And by the way, we're doing this for spine and hardware and fusion rate during Lumbar spine surgery. What's your rate? Shouldn't be over 50% in non- deformity cases? We're doing it for how often it is a hernia fixed on both sides. When somebody comes in with a hernia, it shouldn't be fixed on both sides more than 20% of the time. So we learn the ways in which there's inappropriate practice patterns. And then we profile individual docs for improvement for quality improvement. By the way, what percentage of inginal hernias are repaired with mesh versus the tissue repair? I think they're all fixed with mesh except in the famous shawl dyes clinic. Where I might go someday, I got a minor hernia if it ever becomes a problem. I might go there because we've sent many patients to the shawl dyes clinic. Really? Because, and I could be, you know, just out to lunch on this. But one of the things I took away from residency that really stood out to me was how difficult the tissue repair was. Like I just remember technically, I still don't understand the anatomy. But secondly, how much better it was if the tissue was sound. And yet, we didn't do very many tissue repairs. Pretty much everybody had mesh. Anything to say on that? Not really. The mesh is now a so lightweight. They're like a little thin net. That's what I've used. If I could do it as well as the shawl dyes clinic, I'd probably would. I just like the idea of no mesh in there. But, and I'll offer it to patients. Say this is how I do it. If you want to know mesh repair, there's a place. I think it's in Canada. It's in Toronto. Where you're from? Aren't you? Yeah. Yeah. Okay, that's interesting. So basically, if you want to get a tissue repair of an enel hernia, you got to go to the shawl dyes clinic. But you're saying maybe mesh is getting so much less intrusive now that it's there's less downside to doing mesh than they're used to be. Yeah. When we used to operate together, they put these big thick polypropylene meshes in there that I don't understand how you wouldn't feel it. And the idea was to promote scar tissue because it's actually the scarring that is the but now they're lightweight thin like a fish net almost. It's a little bit about ovarian cancer. Yeah. Yeah. So maybe just give folks a little bit of an anatomy of the female reproductive system so that what's an ovarian, what are the little tubes that connect it to the uterus? Give folks a sense of what that anatomy is. Yeah. So this is an incredible area where we're doing some work. Our research team at Johns Hopkins is dedicated to studying the big issues in healthcare that we are not talking about that we should be talking about. Where research is taking off new sciences pointing to things that like hay pay attention and there's not a lot of attention or NIH dollars. And one of those areas is the true origin of ovarian cancer. The ovarian sits draped under the phlobian tube and the end of the phlobian tube has finger-like projections called the fibrier. So we're talking like a millimeter. I mean they're almost really in contact. And so you only explain how this is. Yeah. So it turns out we- What is an ovarian first of all like what does it make, why do women have them, you know, where do the eggs go, all that kind of stuff? So it used to be thought that the only purpose of the ovarian is to produce sex hormones but it's not true. It produces, you know, as we you've talked about with Astrogen's involved in heart health and so many things. But it produces the eggs that then are go down a little circulation through the phlobian tube into the uterus. And doctors have really struggled with ovarian cancer. Really no major progress in modern medicine. You get most of the cases are lethal or present in late stages. There's almost nothing you can do. Very little surgical intervention. There are some cases where it's early enough. But overall the fatality rate is over 50%. And there's a strong association between certain types of breast cancer and ovarian cancer. Yeah, there is with the hereditary predisposition. So some people get tested but a big study was just done in the UK looking at screening tests for ovarian cancer. Should we have mass population screening like with using what ultrasound and they've done cat scans and none. We're show shown to improve the outcomes in people and detect to go very cancer. None. Total failure. They abandoned the entire idea of ovarian cancer screening based on this big UK study. So here we are with a cancer with almost no advances. A ton of money is not for lack of funding at the NCI. And what is going wrong here? Well, I love this sort of blind spot of medicine because it shows how when you're certain of something in medicine, you can still benefit from challenging deeply held assumptions. It turns out that there was a recent discovery that ovarian cancer does not come from the ovarian, the most common and lethal type, comes from the philopean tube and that cells float onto the ovarian. So we have taken out millions of healthy ovaries to prevent ovarian cancer during a abdominal surgery, during a hysterectomy. The ovaries will be removed to so-called prevent ovarian cancer. Turns out we were targeting the wrong organ. And so with this new discovery that biologically based on the genetics based on a lot of good research that's emerged from pen, Dr. Drapekin, Guy at Johns Hopkins, one of my colleagues, there's a gynecologic oncologist now. This is her entire career focus is that we have to increase public awareness that this is really not a very cancer of the vast majority of time. It's philopean tube cancer and we can prevent it because the philopean tube serves no function after one of woman childbearing years. It's not like even after menopause. There's very low levels of estrogen that can trick aloud to the ovarian but after woman's done having kids. If they come in and say I want my tubes tied, the new answer at Johns Hopkins is. Take them out. We don't do that anymore. We remove the philopean tubes to massively reduce your 1 in 78 chance of developing ovarian cancer. Yeah, it's that high. 1 in 78. Yeah, I love it that you have that reaction because I had the same reaction. I realized we don't think like that in clinical medicine. Like the pancreas cancer conference once I asked what it this patient was asking what is her lifetime chance of developing pancreatic cancer and I said we have no risk factors and she goes, well what is it? I'm like you mean just for an everyday person and I asked the experts. No one knew. I looked at opposite. I was going to guess one in 20 actually but maybe it's less than that's it that's for all pancreatic cancers. You mean pancreatic adenolethyl cancer? Yes. 167 is. Oh it's not. Okay, I would have guessed even more frequent truthfully. Okay. Yeah, I think it's like a fourth most common lethal GI cancer is something like fifth most common lethal cancer full stop, not GI. Right? So cause of death. Cause of death. Okay. Yeah, cause of death. Right? It goes number one is lung. Mm-hmm. Number two breast and breast and prostate and then colon and then pancreas. And breast is only over pancreas because it's almost almost exclusively women or as pancreas is men and women but it's about 40,000 for both breast and pancreas cancer. Anyways, you know we think about, well if you have and this is what the doc told me in the conference. Well if she has chronic pancreatitis her her relative risk is increased 28%. Okay, well that's that what she's asking. She's asking what what are the chances? But I can Marty, I'm still surprised that Ovarian is as high as 178 and pancreas as 167. So most common GI and cause of death. Yeah, I believe that for sure. Okay, so how widely accepted is it today that Ovarian cancer is a misnomer? Like is that what you're basically saying? Yeah. It's not Ovarian cancer. It's philopiantube cancer. Yeah, now for the vast majority of these cancers. You can have other types of gonadled tumors that are much more benign that arise out of the ovaries. There's many types of cancers in that little region. But the most common, the rank and file, what we call Ovarian cancer, just not come from the ovary. It comes from the phlopiantube. And this is what we previously thought of as Sirius Ovarian cancer. Sirius Adnosis at Carson, oh my yeah. Is a philopiantube cancer? It's a philopiantube cancer. How is that not understood? How is the histology of? I mean I just don't do the cells look the same because I mean pathologists for decades have examined this because when a woman gets Ovarian cancer, she doesn't die from the ovary. She dies from where it spreads to. Right? She's dying from the spread of that cancer to another part of her body. So when they take those cells and they're looking at them under a microscope and they're staining them, why did it takes a long to figure this out? Because of medical group think. And when I interviewed the scientists that were involved in this discovery, the resistance that they encountered was the same old story of the people who challenged the low-fat diet and opioids are not addictive and HRT and all the cellar stuff. It's the same story. They at UCSD, San Diego, a pathologist there wrote a very bold essay in one of the medical journals where he said, I'm telling you that cells were looking at do not look like Ovarian cancers. These are very encancer cells and don't look like Ovarian cells. And he got of course, you know, piled on like the H.P. Laura is caused by you know, causes ulcer die. He just got destroyed. And his courage to step actually led some researchers to say, and then he was another one's, to say, actually we're going to explore this a little bit. And they did a little bit more of an analysis, it was like 15 years ago. And they kind of affirmed him a little bit. They were like, yeah, we are seeing the same thing. They did a series of people who had brak mutations. And then this guy Ronnie Drapekin and Chris, a Kimmer's last name at Brigham and Women's Hospital, they decided, and it was incredible. The Chris had a mentor at Brigham and Women's and he goes, whenever one's laughing an idea at an idea, in science, that's a signal you should look into it. That you should your curiosity should kick in. But let's be clear. And I want to keep coming in fact, if it's maybe 19 out of the 20 things that we laugh at, we should be laughing at. Yes. I mean, this is the thing I just want to make sure we're not giving people a license to a soon that every dumb idea is right because most dumb ideas end up being dumb and wrong. Yeah, we don't want to promote snake oil here on the drive. But we do want to, but it is an interesting. Yes. But but this is the challenge, right? Is this six-year-old noise ratio is still incredibly low? And the examples that are most remarkable, always looked a little foolish at the outset. But I think what we want to do is just make sure that people understand that just having a crazy idea is not sufficient. You have to have a means of it, you know, stating what a hypothesis is determining how to test that hypothesis and above all else having the ability to update your hypothesis based on new emerging information. And because again, most crazy ideas end up being wrong. That's right. Just full stop wrong. Yeah, most ideas end up being wrong. Yes. So, so yeah, it's it's very challenging. Where are we right now in terms of like rolling this insight out into broader oncologic care? So you said at Hopkins, if a woman wants to get a tubal ligation at tying of the phlopian tubes, she is told, will happily take your phlopian tubes out. But if we're going to go in there, we might as well make sure you never get cancer. Massively reduce the risk count. Yeah. Where where else do we see this? How you ubiquitous is the acceptance of this? And is there any uncertainty that remains here? Or is this basically now a fate of complete as far as our understanding of that physiology? There is uncertainty because I think as early as we are in something like this, there always will be, but it is now standard of care in Germany and most of Canada, that when a woman comes in for any abdominal surgery, elective abdominal surgery. So even a lap colisestic if you're being your gallbladder out. Yes, even a lap coli. Most commonly a lap coli, actually, woman comes in because that's more common in women. And they're finished having children. They will be offered to remove the phlopian tubes sparing the ovaries as during the procedure as a concomitant surgery. And the general surgeon does this. So the general surgery, and I'm doing this now in my practice, woman comes in, done having kids, I Rebecca Stone, who is our GYN oncologist who's one of the national insurance. She comes in and does the salping. Yeah, I'm going to be taken out the round leg and then something. Yeah, and tell me what is the probability of taking out the phlopian tube and damaging an ovary such that a woman ultimately needs an uphorectomy as well, which would be a disaster, an absolute disaster for women to lose her ovaries if she's premenopausal and still relying on those for hormones. Yeah, and I think you've touched on a big unknown there, which is the single reason why this is not a broad recommendation for any woman and every day person to come in for gest their phlopian tube removal. It is only offered as a concomitant procedure. They, they'll be so very good at this. They say it's a simple procedure, but here's the issue if you make a broad recommendation for every woman who's done having kids to come in and have this done. What if one in 20 surgeons is going to have a complication rate of 5%. You've canceled out all the public health benefit of reducing a very cancer. So that's why it's for now the recommendation and this is a recommendation that not even all of our surgeons at Hopkins are aware of is that when we're in there doing another elective abdominal procedure in a woman who's finished having children and generally on the younger side not over 67, I think is the average age for a very cancer. So after that, you're benefit diminishes. So in that window, I've done having kids before they're in their mid-60s or so and this is we're just using our best judgment here. That's the group where we're offering now that, hey, I can have you talk with our OBGYN doctors. They can come in and reduce your 1 in 78 chance of her. And Canada, they've done giant studies now and they're showing actually lower rates of a very cancer long term. And so we're waiting for some of that data to come out. But it's pretty wild and the pathologist Dr. Valicus at Johns Hopkins has actually said, Marty, we haven't made progress with chemotherapy on a very cancer. And maybe this is why we may have been targeting the wrong type of organ tissue. So it's pretty interesting. It's an opportunity. It's also an opportunity for people to be aware of this best practice out there. But you know, like the guy who needs to see three randomized controlled trials to do the nonoperative protocol for a pentacidus, it's going to take time. I mean, only at some doctors in the United States outside of GYN are doing this, the American Academy of OBGYN has actually put out a statement recommending women who come in after they've done heavy kids. So there's actually a national guideline on it. But it takes a long time for people to understand, become aware, learn the best practice. I hope it can address the overranging cancer incident. It's in my mind, it's in the bucket of challenging certainty. If you're 100% certain that this cancer must come from the overranging, be open-minded to the fact that, hey, there's some things here that we haven't understood in the past. For example, two obligation has resulted in a lower risk of a very incancer. Interesting. Maybe it's blocking off some of the cells that could have caused cancer in my grade of down. Maybe it's killed off some of the lining. There was, there's an understanding that a very incancer is more likely to spread, more likely to be discovered after it's spread. Well, there's a little gap between the floppy and two in the overranging. So maybe it's disseminates in early stages because of that gap. So there's some interesting things that are now fitting together. Again, I think this speaks to something that we can talk about it at an arms length from any situation and it all makes sense. But now you want to think about how difficult this is to put into practice. Your, your doctor, and this is what you do. You have 99% certainty, which means you're a good doctor because you don't have a 100 percent certainty. Yes. You have 99.9% certainty that this cancer is coming from these overrides. And your, everything that you do in your practice is predicated around that. But now you have to somehow work with a 0.1% probability that everything you believe about this is wrong. Now, again, that's a really low number. That's, that's a 1 and 1,000 delta. How do you not squash that and allow that to remain open and flexible? While you continue to do your best work here and periodically come back to revisit this, assuming you're not even the one who's doing the primary work, but you're just trying to keep update on your practice and your practices and say, well, maybe that's now a 1% chance. Maybe that at some point, you know, if that's a 10% chance, I really need to pay attention. If there's a 10% chance I'm wrong, I really need to pay attention to this. I need to pause. We're not trained to do that. So how, how do we go about thinking about this? If you were, you know, I already said what I would do if I were ZAR of medical education. I don't know enough about medical education today. It's been 25 years for me, but you're closer to it because you're still part of a university system. Is medical education significantly different today when it comes to this? Like, how does a medical education today at Hopkins differ from what it was 25 years ago? Well, one of the most important qualities of a physician is humility, knowing your limits, and having the awareness, the self-awareness that you could be wrong, as you said. And when you are wrong, when it's clear, you might be wrong feeling bad about it and offering the patients, hey, you know, we get this wrong. I thought this is the best way to approach it. One thing I love about Rebecca Stone and so many of the doctors that work with at Hopkins is they don't say you need to have your phloatbeen tubes out. They say we have some data that is suggesting that if we take the phloatbeen tube out, we can reduce your risk of a very cancer significantly. I think the danger in medicine, one of the poisons today is the absolutism that's out there. And when we go through medical school, you're just memorizing and regurgitating, and it's this terrible robotic dogmatic degree still that way. It's still that way. You might even think, say it's worse. So I was talking this morning to Dr. Will Brune who just graduated, you met him, but he in mind I'm working with on the appropriate as work. And he just graduated from Oklahoma University School of Medicine. We were talking about all the useless dumb, remote memorization stuff. He said it was like 50% of his medical education. This bacteria is catalyzed positive, catalyzed negative. It says a branch chain, bacteria. This is a straight chain. It's just it's my numbing, memorizing the names of enzymes. He says was like 20% of his medical education. What are we doing to these kids? They come to us in medical school, bright, creative, altruistic. They want to do good. Social justice is a generational value. And we beat them with the road memorization of these enzymes and stuff. You can look up. We have phones nowadays. You don't have to know the Krebs cycle on demand and the trauma bay. And we do this to this incredible generation. They spit them out seven, eight years later. They're different people. They're robotic. They're sometimes emotionally disconnected. They've learned to reflex as a survival mechanism in order to do what we tell them to do, which is get through the exams. And the thing that kills me and a lot of students they see the tension and they feel it. They hate it. They're fighting it. We do have incredible students that are able to stay normal through the process. But it's a struggle because the culture of medicine says obey. And it's one private company that controls the medical education in every medical school in America. The WMC, a small group of people, get to decide what every doctor learns in their medical education. And these people are dinosaurs. They're forcing kids to memorize the names of all these. And what's the relationship between the AMC and the company that administers the U.S.M. L.E. and the accreditation? Are they linked in some way? Presumably? Yes. Yeah. That is the private organization, WMC. Small group is the entity that also regulates the U.S. M. L.E. to licensee and then they collect a lot of money from these students. It's a private organization. And they are, so I know I was talking to one of the cool things that we get to do is talk to a lot of people out there in America and get a bit of a bird's eye view on things. And I was talking to conference of medical school deans. And later on I had met the dean of medical school in San Antonio University of the Incarnate Word, U.I.W. It's called Great Medical School of San Antonio. And she's like gosh, Marty, you're so right. Why do we have to teach all this wrote memorization and just beat them to regurgitate? I would love, she's told me, to teach self-awareness and understanding uncertainty and focus on applied statistics and the critical praise of research. And the fact that there are nerves that extend to every aspect of the hand without having to name 50 nerves in the hand, you know, and regurgitate on the exact, I would love to have a modern day education. But I can't because the WMC dictates what we teach and we have to teach to a test in our test score pass rate. So is this terrible system and it's connected to the American Board of Medical Specialties, which issues board certification? And recently they've basically said, in order to keep your board certification, you got to pay us $2,300 every two years or so and take a quiz that we give you. And they're out there like making a ton of money off this new thing. Now they're telling hospitals you have to require current board certification unless they pay us, or private company. They're not currently board certified. Imagine your college, do you see a staffer? No, Berkeley. Where'd you go to college? I went to Colton, Canada. Okay, imagine your college college, you're in said, hey, you're degree. You don't have it anymore. You got to pay us every year to keep your degree. That's exactly what the American Board of Medical Specialties is doing. They're private organizations, monopoly. My buddy Will was telling me at Oklahoma University School of Medicine. I probably shouldn't say this, but what the heck? Eight hours on transgender sensitivity training, two hours on nutrition. The two hours on nutrition, he said, we're so pathetic. It might have been better to have zero hours. No, HDL is good. You know, it was like the most basic. And I see this awareness among a generation of doctors and students that they know something is missing. That's in right to just be memorizing. There's smart people. That's why you've got a huge number of people. Doctors who are learning from you as you learn, talking about evolving your position. You're out there learning, reading, talking to people. People are learning with you and they're hungry for this kind of honesty with where medicine's going. Maybe we should be talking about more chronic diseases differently. Maybe we should be talking more about treating diabetes with cooking classes than just throwing insulin at people. Maybe we should talk about school lunch programs, not just putting kids on our zempit. Maybe we should talk about sleep medicine when we treat eye blood pressure. Not just throwing anti-hypertensive that people. First line, second line, third line. Maybe we should talk about ice in physical therapy instead of just surgery and opioids when somebody comes in with pain. Food is medicine. The microbiome, general body inflammation. These are the topics that a generation of doctors are starving to talk about. We need more research in them. They want to think differently. Who would fund this research? When I talk about the pillars of medicine, we have nutrition and exercise and sleep and emotional health and then molecules. Let's roughly five things. You could really add a sixth pillar which would be a waste bucket of everything else that may or may not have benefit. Like sauna, cold plunge, red light therapy, falling kind of stuff. One of those buckets is really taught well in medical school. We really do learn in biomedical school. Medical school in residency. You learn about procedures and medications very well. That's what we learn and I think we do learn that quite well. But to your point, we learn nothing about exercise, sleep, nutrition and emotional health and well-being. But part of that, if you're not trying to be as un-synical as possible, at least when it comes to molecules and procedures, the way to study it is straightforward. The interventions are easy. You take this pillar. You don't take this pillar. You take the placebo. And then on top of that, there's a financial engine that supports the use of that which justifies the cost of the studies. But when it comes to doing research on many of these other things, outside of philanthropic and government causes such as the NIH, it's very difficult to get any of that research funded. How would we create a new medicine around something for which it would be so difficult to really gather the right evidence? Or would you argue, look, we already know enough today that we could teach off the current practice? The NIH could not be more broken. They've got these siloed funding centers as you suggested. And on, let's your research falls under kidney, you know, cardiovascular disease. And it's what the old belt belt and suspended as professors there want to fund. It's a legacy system where if the senior guys who've done the research and made a name for themselves on an idea, like it, they throw money your way. I think the disruption is happening right now. Private industry, you're seeing private industry fund research on different probiotics and bacteria you can introduce. We're seeing private industry fund research. They funded our research on price gouging and predatory billing and other big blind spot in medicine. I do think, you know, a lot of our work is not funded by the NIH and people come up and say, my gosh, it makes sense which are saying why don't we have a big study on natural immunity? And we could draw the blood of these people. I mean, how many studies have you put out there? We you said, this study needs to be done. It's not what falls in line with the NIH silos, but it needs to be done. The classic example. A practice right now that is surging in the United States is taking a newborn and cutting the frangulum under their tongue, either routinely, or if it's a foreshort and tongue. Some people believe in routine and other people believe in only in foreshorting and other people believe never should be done. I don't know what the truth is. I've goody and teeth, friends. What is the rationale for doing this? The rationale, the claim, is that it'll improve breastfeeding and lactation rates, that it may help. There's claims out there that it may help with sleep, apnea, with speech impediments. I think they're outrageous claims when it goes that far. These are people who are also cutting the frangulum under the upper inside lit and sometimes the side of the tongue and the frangulum under the tongue as all. Yeah, so there's been babies that don't breastfeed because they're in pain from this. And this practice is taking off like crazy. It's driven a lot in dentistry. It's in that lactation world of lactation consultants could refer you to some, and it's this dogma that has never had any scientific evidence to support the claim. Now, I'm not saying it's being tested. No. I'm not saying it's bad or wrong, but I'm saying this desperately needs a randomized control trial. Desperately, just like the peanut allergy study, just like the antibiotics study, do it in a cohort of a couple hundred randomization, follow-um, take a look, five years, or whatever that study design is needed. Who's going to fund that study? Big pharma? No, fat chance. The NIH, not one of their clinical centers. The American Academy of Pediatrics with their, you know, $1,000 a year membership of all these $130 million in revenue they take in the year. No, no, they haven't. Possibly. No interest. This is the Brbidot triangle of healthcare in the United States and worldwide. We desperately need to fund things where there are ideas, people are doing things, and they're doing them in a black hole with no scientific evidence. We need to do the appropriate study. We could answer the controversy in less than a year. I hate to mention COVID. We saw this during COVID. All those COVID controversies could have been answered in three weeks or a month or two. They could have done the clinical study immediately, done the randomization answer the question. Instead, they have one went on TV and oh pine about it. It's easier. The NIH controls $80 billion. What are they funding? They were funding this cruel dog experiment at the University of Iowa, trapping these dogs and having these sandflies bite their heads in these cages and concluding in the article that is published. Lushbinius has conspired from dog to dog via sandfly bites. Who gives a shit? This is where our tax dollars are going and we're not funding basic clinical research out there. Why do you think that is? I think it's just, I don't think it's diabolical. I think people get set in their ways. I think it's Leon Festinger's cognitive dissidence. I think people think, oh, this would be interesting. Find out whether or not what's the average diameter of stones on the hamstring? Oh, be interesting. No, it's not interesting. I'm seeing it a lot now with health equity. I think describing disparities in health equity in my personal opinion is not interesting at all. We know there are massive disparities in health equity. Saying, oh, there's also a health disparity in chronic myloginist leukemia according to health. That's not interesting. What's, we've, that's known. What's interesting is what you're doing to reduce disparities in health equity. And yet half of the papers now and I go to these conferences are on differences and so and so by race and socioeconomic set. Yeah, it's been known since the beginning of time, the number one driver of health status overall and the population is the socioeconomic status of that community. So I think it's just, I don't know, intellectual laziness, the old guard. There are fresh ideas in medicine. But when you show up in medicine and you've done this, you show up in the academic world as a resident or you get a peek of it as a student. You have big ideas. Hey, this thing about the microbiome and the rates of this and all fits and maybe chronic diseases have gone up with antibiotics. Whatever the big ideas, you're told, no, no, you need to pick one narrow area and work on an incremental little scientific paper that'll go to the abstract of the Southern surgical society or whatever it is. And that's how the NIH funds their research, little small ideas. We need big ideas. They don't fund that. We need new ideas on cancer. What's the ROI on our cancer funding? Paper at ASCO showed that a vast and increased glial blastomas survival rates by two months. Well, patients want to know what's the cure? Did you cure anyone else that you haven't cured before? If that's the top paper at ASCO, our investment on research has a terrible ROI and I think it's because we're not funding big ideas. We need Ben Franklin thinkers. Ben Franklin intellectually curious starts thinking about ophthalmology, and events by-focals is interested in electricity, events the lightning rod, events a stove called the Pennsylvania stove, which is an amazing invention. I mean, he's a size it true scientists. We don't have Ben Franklin thinkers today in medicine. I think the Niper sod is one thing we don't have them or you think we don't have a vehicle to fund them. We don't have a vehicle to encourage them. I think, and I'm just saying this because I've said this to other people, you're one of those Ben Franklin type thinkers. You think broadly about healthcare. That's what we do on our research team is you're told in med school day one, hey, here's the netter textbook of anatomy, pick an organ. You're going to have to focus on just one, which one do you like? Do you like kidney? Do you like brain, heart? You have to pick one. You're like, well, what if I'm interested in the whole body or the system or the way we deliver care or the way we fund research or approve drugs or what if I'm interested in all of it? What if I'm interested in gun control and violence prevention and I'm interested in trauma and all everything. You're basically told, no, no, stop thinking like that. You got to pick an organ. I went to the gym as a medical student and there was some docs. There were also used the gym and they would ask me every day. What are you going into again? I want to be like, I'm a second year medical student. I don't know. Is that okay? I don't know. I think you can get a specialization and then come around and get off the hamster wheel. There's a lot of these docs now saying, I don't care about my R-view bonus. I want to do something more meaningful and there's starting businesses. 50% of our medical students at Johns Hopkins are getting a second degree with their medical degree. They don't want to live the life that they see with these guys who are like, I got four NIH grants and presented 60 papers. I mean, I hit that point where I was like, okay, I've published 300 scientific peer review articles. Nobody's reading them. I don't think I've beyond maybe a couple meaningful contributions. Like, what are we doing? We've got to focus on impact. So everything we do now in our research group focuses on impact. And that's how we got into the science of medical errors, frailty as a condition, predatory billing and price gouging in medicine. You know, 62% of Americans say in our Harvard survey, they don't trust the medical profession to build them fairly and they avoid care or delay it for fear of the bill. So you can now have the cure for pancreas cancer. But that cure is only instead of being a 100% effective. It's only 38% effective because you've lost that connection, right? So rebuilding trust is the hottest topic right now in medical journals essays. So speaking of that in 2020, the New England Journal of Medicine broke with a 200 and 8-year tradition. And it endorsed one of the candidates for presidency, which again, this is the most esteemed journal in all of medicine that for 208 years was decidedly a political and it chose to break that now, regardless of a person's political stripes, why do you think that's a bad idea? I think there is a political narrative and politics. Everyone sticks to the same talking points. But in science, science is based on a civil discourse of different ideas among experts. And so they're directly in conflict. So you know, we, the journal decided to endorse a presidential candidate for the first time. Okay. Other journals have said, here are some issues we're not going to be both sizing. Like, okay, what if you said that about peanut allergies back in the days? What if you said that about people who are suggesting opioids are very addictive? They've seen it. And the New England Journal is the one is the place that published that study that out of, I don't know, 30,000 cases of people taking narcotics. There was only one patient who developed dependence and that became the dogma. And dogma takes on a life of their own, the life of its own. I think the journals are in a bubble. I think just like we need term limits for politicians, just like president should turn over after eight years. Journal editors should not serve terms like monarchs in Europe or African presidents. They're there for life. And it's they're loading these journal editorial boards with their buddies. It's cronyism. Everyone in the field knows it. It's hard to criticize because we all need the journals to publish our research. The New England Journal of Medicine just a couple years ago at a 51 editors had one African American. Now you can only find one African American to serve in the editor. What's going on is it's their buddies from the Brigham and Women's Hospital. And you know, Beth Israel, Deaconess and Mass Jollis, my buddy from, I remember meeting the editor of the New England Journal when he came to visit Hopkins. Jerry Casserra, I think was his name. I don't know why I'm mentioning these names. These guys will probably all send me some hate now. But with that. And I said, oh, I got a chance to meet your predecessor at a conference. We actually had a nice time together. Talk medical. Yes. Oh, yeah. He was my roommate when we were cardiac fellows together. And so you have all these internal medicine doctors who look alike, think alike, their buddies from one institution, from one part of the country, deciding what should go through the gates for the rest of the doctors the world to see. It's changing. Vinay Prasad and John Mandraula and Adam C. Foo and and I and some other started a new newsfeed called sensible medicine. We're publishing our thoughts in real time when we see articles that look flawed when there's a bandwagon effect when we call things out. Yeah, like 100,000 subscribers to this thing now. We're starting a new journal now, which is designed to be objective and it's called the journal of the Academy of Public Health. Jay, about a chariote and Martin Coldorf and I and a bunch of others. So there is this effort now and with social media. But how do you know you won't fall into the same trap of the New England Journal of Medicine, Science and Nature? Again, I want to bring it back to this thing, which is the biggest journals in the world became political in 2020. They made a very concerted conscious decision to weigh in on politics, to endorse presidential candidates. And again, I don't think it matters who they're endorsing. I don't think it matters what party you're in. I'm amazed more people don't look at that and say, oh no, that is awful. That is awful. Yeah. We cannot have science and policy. A politics, I should say, we can't have those things co-mingle. Again, it doesn't matter if they're endorsing your party, you should be just as concerned as if they're endorsing the other party. That's right. There's there's there's an object activity that can't be co-mingled there. And I think as much as I respect Martin and Jay and you, I just, I don't think I have a sense of what the answer is here and why just coming up with the new rogue journal is the answer because I still don't understand systemically what's going on. And you know, anyway, so I don't mean to sound pessimistic. But but I, but I worry that the, I just, you know, all the terms for for kind of the non-conventional thinking world is the goal of that to be a little bit more provocative in the other direction, even if it's deliberately provocative, but I just want to be careful that we don't, you know, we don't, we don't create disagreement for the sake of disagreement. That's right. We are prone to the same bandwagon group think as the jammingling journal editors or a bunch of like-minded friends. We are at risk of that. We have to be constantly aware of it. And we've invited people who disagree in sensible medicine. We love publishing pro-con articles on the same issue, same topic. And you'll see that, you know, if an eye-pursat is wrong, Adam C. Fu is wrong on this topic. And they're sparring in the spirit that we should have in academics. Remember, when Obama first ran for president, he was asked, what is your favorite book? He said team of rivals, how Lincoln brought together all these different opinions. No, don't go to war, do and he wanted them on his cabinet. He wanted to moderate a civil discourse. Well, I think it wasn't just different opinions. Lincoln's cabinet was composed of the people who had attacked him and run against him during the election. Yes. It was, these are the people who have just spent the past six months telling the American public, while Lincoln is an idiot and should never be president. And that's the, that's the team that he assembled his cabinet from. We need to stay humble, avoid celebrity worship in medicine. We do that a lot. It's the culture of how we create these the greatest highest attainable achievement you can have as a physician is to be the chief of a department. And the way that we drew though, Marty, like, there was never a day when I wanted to be the chief of anything. I think you're unique. I mean, in the culture of academics, it dominates, right? Get your NIH grant. Oh, you have a grant, but it's not NIH. Mm, try harder. Maybe you'll get a K award. But what percentage of people who, what percentage of physicians today are academic physicians versus community physicians? Well, it's blurring. I mean, what's an academic center nowadays with the acquisitions and mergers? Yes. I mean, I do have a, if we just define academic is people who have some funding for research and or are involved in the education of students and residents beyond, you know, the, like, I'm not talking about cyanide where like your community surgeon who once in a while has a resident scrub with you. I'm not talking about that. But if we define academic a little bit rigorously, it can't beat more than 10% of physicians would fall into that bucket, right? Probably. Probably. So they in a control a lot of the girls. That's the question, right? Is what do they control and how much do the community physicians look to them? And I think that just kind of comes back to everything we've been talking about. But ultimately, what matters is what are the community physicians doing? What are the, what are, what are the what are the, what are, what are the, what are the, what are the why courses doing? What are the people who are taking care of the majority of the patients? And let's be clear even if that number is right I'm making it up 90, 10, but directly I'm sure that's in the ballpark, it's not, it's 90 10 and head count. It's not 90, 10 and patient, touch. It's more than that because the academic physician has many other responsibilities that don't involve patient care. So it might be 90, five, five, and other In other words, the majority of people listening to us are going to get the bulk of their medical care from people who are not academic physicians. And therefore the most important thing in delivering exceptional care to the majority of people is making sure that community-based physicians are able to think independently or able to think clearly. And in that regard, I think that, you know, I mean, I think, I just don't know. So again, I don't know that the answer is lies in the hierarchy of the academic institution. I don't know that that is really where the problem is. I don't know where the problem is. But I don't think it's where five to 10 percent of the attention lies. I don't disagree with you. I think, you know, I've got my perspective being in the sort of towers of the ivory tower, the top of Hopkins. It's all about, you know, Fabian Johnson just went to be chair at Wake Forest. He just got this job. Great. Now we're having a big reception form. It's a big deal. It's kind of, you know, what we do, we create chairs to go out there. So I'm an I have a due-have-escute perspective, but every doctor gets trained in an academic medical school in this culture. Every student tends to come through this culture where we tell them it's a privilege to hold a retractor for six hours instead of come and watch me talk to a patient's family afterwards and learn self-awareness and how to be perceptive and empathetic. So I don't have a solution, but you see things where you say, this isn't. We are actually moving more in the direction of everybody getting line than we are in sort of the freedom of the rank and file doctor in America to speak how they would speak creatively. For example, I'll talk to a doctor and say, what do you think about, let's say, hormone replacement therapy, post-mediposa. So I'm saying, wait, you know, I've heard this, but I tend to question that. I know some people are saying this. I'm not sure. That's a good doctor. A doctor who says, no, according to this, you know, US Preventive Service Task Force, you must do this. Okay, you're like reciting a catacysm. That's not the doctor that we want to create, right? And how do you teach humility? John Cameron and I did this thing where we when he operated next door to me, I would pause and I'd say this is a really interesting scenario. Can the scrub nurse run over and or the tech run over and get out of Cameron to take a look at this? Need come in and you'd say, oh, it's really interesting. Marty, in the past, I've done it this way or that way. I know exactly what he's going to say, but I want to model humility to the students and residents in the room. When he gets as maybe one of the most famous surgeons in the world, he gets a situation like that. He calls me and, hey, can the tech run over a grab doctor may carry to come in, take a look, get his thoughts on this? Yeah, and need my thoughts. And if he knows my thoughts anyway, we've worked together for 25 years. I go in there and I say, oh, it's interesting. Gary, so you're going to do it this way. Yeah, that's what we're thinking. Thanks, Marty. He's trying to model humility. And I think that's one way we can teach it, but it's an uphill battle. I mean, the policing right now in modern medicine is at an all-time high. I was gave grand rounds for our OBGYN department at Hopkins. And I went great and it was awesome and they helped me shape some of these ideas and the research that I've worked on and that we discussed. And when I filled out the CME form, you know, there's this. I've coined this ICD-9 diagnosis code called Sendis Your Slides in Advanced Herasements in Drill. Starts off in the hallway with, hey Peter, do you want to, could you, would you be interested in giving us a talk sometime? Yeah, sure. And then the harassment and the email, and we need your fill out these forms and these write four questions for our CME and send us your slides. Now you don't have to have my slides, okay? I'm going to work in Cernyvance from that morning and my talk. All right. Sometimes I've realized the, the kryptonite for send us your slides and herasements in Drill. Is, is, what if you don't use slides? I'm not going to use, that's so bad. Oh, I'm not going to use slides. Oh, well, well, then I guess we don't need Judas send them, but okay. Then we'll show up with a thumb drive. Hey, I got some graphs, so I was going to throw up, is that okay? Oh, yeah, sure. The interview guys at the back. But anyway, I, one of those forms I'd be fill out for this CME continuing medical education required for any time to give granted rounds. Go ahead. You, I hereby agree that everything I say will comply with generally accepted norms and standards recognized by consensus within the medical profession. And I'm looking at this and I'm like, no, what I put out there is I like to cite research that challenges deeply health assumptions. And I'm going to be talking about that. And I'm not going to, you know, sign to some cataclysm here that yes, I will obey and only, you know, say things that are in line with consensus. If you look at our track record in modern, modern medicine, when we use good scientific studies, before we make massive health recommendations, peanut allergies, whatever you, when we have good science, we shine as a profession. When we wing it, when in an elite small group of medical establishment folks decide what the world is going to do based on their own gut feeling or dogma, they have a lousy track record. So what's, let's, let's, let's talk about the thing, what are you most proud of that, that the medical institution in this country? Let's just keep it simple. What do you, what do you think medicine has done the best job of in the last decade? Well, I think you look at cardiac surgical care. I think you look at mine infections and hospitals. I mean, there have been some really big wins here that don't get maybe as much attention as they deserve. What else? Where else are we hitting it out of the park? I'm statical care. I think we've not only now have is the if it mortality rate as good as modern medicine can deliver it, but we've now accepted these, these new best practices of skin to skin time delayed court clamping, encouraging breastfeeding early on reducing c-sections when not necessary. These are, those are in the last 10 years, those best practices. But we're at a pretty good point where the system is humming on a lot of acute care. And there's a video I saw on social media the other day where a guy said, if I get shot, I want to go to a US hospital. We have the best care in the world. If I break a bone, that's where I'm, I'm going to go straight to the hospital. I'm going to go straight to a doctor. But when it comes to telling me, you know, what I should be eating or how to live my life, I don't think I trust modern medicine. If you come in with chronic abdominal pain, sometimes our sophisticated system doesn't know what to do, right? So I think the acute care has been mastered. And I think, you know, I think about the operations I was a part of these laparoscopic wipples and it's a tour de force of science and technology and advancements. And we do something called a transplant with eyelet cells now for people with chronic pain. So I think good stuff is happening. We have good people. People go in medicine, nursing, every aspect of healthcare, united by one common thing. And that is everybody wants to help other people who are in need. And that's an incredible bond that we have. It's a profession. We should all be proud of it's a heritage. You know, I'm proud of that my dad was a part of and I get to do the things he encouraged me to do little tips, ways to connect with patients. I still think of the time he said, don't ask somebody. Are you taking your medication instead say, you know, some people find it hard to take their medications as prescribed. How are you doing with it? It's far less, you know, head to head. And so it's an incredible profession and teaching these little pearls and gems, citing research, calling out the importance of good scientific methodology. It's still, I think, the best job in the world. Medical centers are still some of the most respected institutions in America, which is why we've called on them to have ethical billing and pricing practices. But we can correct course. And I think all in all, it's an incredible privilege to be a part of the medical profession. I encourage anyone to get into it. You would still encourage someone who's sitting here listening to us, who's in college, who's on the fence about going into tech, going into business, going into law, going into medicine. You'd still give them the nudge to do medicine if it's something they're partially considering. Yes, where else can you put a knife to someone skin within seconds of meeting them just because you're the doctor? People will tell you secrets they've never told their spouse within minutes of meeting you because you're the doctor. And so there's an incredible heritage in the profession. And so I think it's the best job in the world. Now you've got to be okay with memorizing enzyme names over and over again. I mean, hundreds of names of useless molecules that you could look up on Google. That's just part of the old system and people. But you know, I think the bigger issue isn't so much that you have to memorize those names. It's that you're sort of lacking the context and why. I mean, Marty, I still memorize names of complex enzymes and pathways. But the difference is I'm doing it because it's feeding my interest. Yes. Right. It's like I'm reading papers and I'm learning new things and I have to draw diagrams to help my, I mean, I'm doing the same thing I was doing 25 years ago. So I don't, I also don't want to let people suggest that it's not important to have knowledge. Like it is important that I know these things, even if they seem a little bit esoteric. But it's just easier to know it when you understand why when you have a scaffolding around why I, while I can't tell you every step of the Krebs cycle, I still remember in great detail how metabolism works because it really matters to what I do. So I think if anything, I just hope that medical education can major in the major and minor in the minor because while I think it matters that you understand these things, I think it, and I get maybe this is already the case because I'm so far from it. But but if you understand why the Krebs cycle matters and why when the Krebs cycle isn't working, every disease in the body gets worse, like why is it that a person with cardiovascular disease type 2 diabetes Alzheimer's disease, why do they have defective Krebs cycle? That's what I want medical students to be understanding and learning. Yes. So anyway. Yes. I don't know where I stand on it truthfully if I do get asked from time to time by young people, hey, you know, would you do it all over again? Of course for me the answer is undoubtedly yes, but but I also realize there are a lot of other exciting fields in the world today that maybe weren't available to me and I don't know. How about surgical residency? You wish to do that part again? You know, yeah, it's interesting knowing what I know today and knowing where I ended up today would I have been better off doing an internal medicine residency? The answer is probably yes. I think it would be more logical. But look, I wouldn't know you. I wouldn't know Ted Sheafer. I wouldn't know a lot of the amazing people that I've gotten to know through my surgical training. And I think in many ways surgical training, especially the way we did it so long ago, you know, when you didn't have regulations on work hours and stuff, it was so hard that it really gave me an appreciation for how much easier my life is today and how lucky I have it to, you know, not be woken up every 14 minutes when I sleep and, you know, things like that. I don't know. I'd probably be reluctant to change anything. I think it all worked out okay and I'm really grateful for the folks I met along the way. And I do hope that someone listening to this who's contemplating medical school, as you said, I agree with you completely. Anybody who chooses to be anywhere within the vicinity of this field, you want to be a nurse, you want to be a radiology tech, you want to be a phlebodomist, you want to be a doctor, the one thing that unites all of those people is they're doing it for the right reasons. You know, the sort of kid in high school went asked what do you want to go into and they say, I don't know, I'm thinking about being a nurse. They're different from their peers. It's a calling really to be a medicine and so we attract these great folks. I think our challenge and the academic towers is how can we keep the focus both on the test technically sophisticated pieces of metabolism so they understand it. At the same time, not lose sight of the overall person. Yeah, I agree. Yeah, you pretty up to preserve the humanity of the field, while harnessing kind of critical thought and and doing it around as I said, kind of this scaffolding of purpose. One quick thing, I discovered classic example of this, the Pima Indians in New Mexico along the Gila River, they had been cut off with their water supply, farmers and ranchers and settlers and so this nation of Indians, all of a sudden, wasn't they weren't able to grow crops and the healthy foods they'd been eating for centuries. So the U.S. government recognizing how they were being depleted of food and the starvation that was happening, they started shipping food. But of course, it wasn't this wasn't Whole Foods stuff, this was spam and potato chips or whatever else. And they started developing massively high rates of obesity, diabetes, quickly ensued, and so you had this population that was massively obese and diabetes. And the NIH decides to swoop in and address this problem by looking for pre-disposing gene for obesity and diabetes and they tested the blood of all these poor Indians and it's like we can't see the forest on the trees. There we've been feeding them shit for decades. That is what's been driving the obesity and diabetes. It's not that they have a gene. They've had spontaneous mutations of the FTO gene that have now produced rampant obesity. Well, Marty, thanks for making time to come by and talk always a pleasure and congrats again on your new book. I'm sure many people are going to get a kick out of it. We barely touched on, I think, a third of the stories that are in it. It's always great to be with you Peter. Good to see you.