I've never seen a cyclist who in defeat is so gracious. And it's almost like you don't, it's clear that you're upset, but you demonstrate, I mean, I remember after that stage, like you just thanked your team. You just said, you know, thank God I had a great team around me today or I would have come off the podium. That's remarkable sportsmanship, but how are you able to do that? But it's not the individual sport, it's the team sport. And the guy sacrificed everything to be there in the tour, to help one guy to win the tour. And in this day, we could really see how the guys reacted to me when I dropped and they helped me, they support me emotionally, physically whatever, you know. And yeah, I just, I really felt like I let them down and I was feeling just, yeah, I was devastated. I was upset, angry, but I couldn't change it. Not so, I just went with it. I was feeling down, but yeah, you cannot change nothing. And then, yeah, when we had dinner with the guys, was already better and, you know, they really helped me through that days. Hey, everyone, welcome to the Drive podcast. I'm your host, Peter Atia. Todd, thank you so much for making time. Obviously, you just raised yesterday, you've got a race tomorrow and we're two weeks out from the World Championships. So, to give us any time is amazing. Thank you. No, thanks for having me. You know, a lot of people listening will know everything about you as I do or, you know, they're super fans, but there's also probably a number of people listening who might not appreciate kind of the magnitude of what you've accomplished in a very short period of time. I learned about you in 2019 as the most promising young cyclist that was coming up, but I don't think many people probably myself included expected what happened in 2020 at the Tour de France. What were your expectations going into the tour that year? Yeah, I was not expecting at all to in 2020, it was a COVID year. We had pretty good trainings, not too many races, so not too much to prove now. I mean, 2019 was great through year for me, but then 2020 came and it was like a long period doing nothing and just training and we went to the Tour with Fabiaro and me as two leaders. And yeah, it turns out in the end I was fighting for podium plays for second place in the last week and I was really happy with that. And then the final time trial came and it turned out to be a table around and yeah, I wanted to remember it. I think still a lot of people don't believe it happened. Well, obviously people at the time of that final time trial said, we haven't seen a race like this since Le Monde and Lauren Finiale in I think it was 89. When he had that come behind, but what stage in 2020 did you realize I'm going to be on the podium? On stage, Colour was I think I was sure I'm going to be second because this was the the Queen stage and I come behind Royal League just 15 seconds and yeah, the Lopez win that stage on high mountains. So yeah, that was the day I knew that this is it now. But I also think Royal League thought that day that he's going to win. So yeah, you never know. Yes, so going into that last time trial, what was your team telling you in the radio at the time checks or even before the time checks in terms of your Delta per road glitch on a kilometer basis? Yeah, I was in I mean, Royal League was studying behind me. Yeah, and yeah, the time checks were like I think two time checks on on the flat before the final time and I got the times I don't know who was leading the time on on the flat section. I got that time and how much I think I was even behind. And then when the climate came, there were so many people I did not hear a word on in the radio. I just went like we thought I would go and yeah, I just went to the top. Do you feel anything different that day? I mean, did it feel like better than some of the other stages or was it simply a matter of he had deteriorated more than you across 20 days? I think because it was the last hard stage the next day is just songs that they just roll through. I mean, it's still hard days, but if everything goes normal, you're just yesterday's the same. So I think yeah, it was okay, final time trial had just need to be relaxed. I second place, why Jersey, they were preparing white bike for me for next day, for you know, for seven years. I was, it was cool. It was dream field of pressure. I didn't feel nothing, though. So I just, yeah, we were really chilled out and you were the percussive really well because I did recon before with Talon Piper and Mikhabir, we did a lot of work on that. And then when they came, yeah, I was just mad. Everybody was happy around and there was no tension, no stress, nothing. We just roll with it and then it was one of the best days I ever had. Yeah, it's a little hard to believe. Do you remember what your average power was over that time trial? Yeah, I mean, on the flat, I had a power meter and a unit and then on the climb, I had nothing because I wanted to have a 6.8 kilograms bike. So it's like this possible by regulations, but on the flat time, I think I was like doing 380 to 390. So I'm not in crazy on the flat, but yeah, I was just, I guess I was just going fast enough, you know, to be in that range. What was your weight by that point of the tour, were you 60 kilos? I think that year and 2020 I was like, 60, 60, 60, even I think really. Yeah, yeah, I was. What did you weigh this year? This year in the tour, I come to the tour with 64 and a half and then 65 and 65 and a half, you know, like then jumping from around 65. Yeah. Throw the tour. 21 is another amazing year. And in 22 and 23, you have great race, but a couple of stages where it goes wrong. In 22, I guess the first stage where it was a struggle was it 16? Yeah, I call the ground on the ground. Yeah, and telegraph got a little bit down, we had some, almost a lot of stuff. Visited on attacking, constant constant constant. Yeah, where I made my mistake when I, I mean, yeah, shouldn't follow a wrongly, immediately there on the telegraph, he took already on telegraph, I think, with, yeah, who was, was Tishby Nu and then La Portway, him on the downhill and they just flew down and when we started, Galibier, they just go one by one, you know, I had to respond, I think, eight or nine attacks. And you looked very strong. Yeah, how was that was really good, but I think that was, yeah, yeah, if you do eight, eight sprins, no, that's just, it takes too much and then I try to respond by being stupid now and I try to drop everybody from the wheel on Galibier, but then, yeah, I knew that what one art is also in front and it's checkmate anyway, you know? So yeah, that was just stupid for me. And how much of that, I mean, just from a nutritional standpoint, did you feel depleted? Did you feel like you didn't have enough, did you have a bot, were you, were you short of bottle on that stage or something? I think, I, I, you know, but you did, I think, I mean, the legs. You, you cannot eat enough when you do so much, you know, you do so much power, you do so much attacking, you, yeah, you cannot take more food than you can, no, so I think, yeah, we, we had quite good plant nutrition, everything, but if you do too much with your body, you cannot replace that. When you're training, do you try to simulate that extent of attacking and recovering? And, I mean, obviously, you can't replicate that fully in a training session, but... Well, I've always liked, since I was junior, even before I like to, yeah, I, I knew what's gonna be per course like, then find around my home, similar type and then just, do repetitions of one climb like how many times it's gonna be in the race. And now sometimes I still do the same, I just see, for example, here Montreal tomorrow, it's like around four minutes, climb to five minutes and two short ones, so you just try to do as many as possible repetitions in the training, as well, and trying to simulate the race. What kind of climb do you like the most, what kind of climb do you like the least, in terms of grade and duration? Well, depends on the shape also, but I don't know, I really like around 20 minutes, quite steep, around that. Like 10 to 12 percent or not that steep. Yeah, I would say now that, because we go really fast, and a 7 percent to 8 percent, it's already a lot of drafting, but then what's more than 9 percent, I think, is pretty cool, because there's not much draft, you know, so you can do what you want basically. Do you have many climbs near you that replicate where you can do 20 minutes at 8, 9, 10 percent? No, not really, but like 5 to 10 minutes, yes, like 9 percent, 10 percent. In Slovenia, also just around 10 minutes, it's still points, but 20 minutes, that's not quite rare. And then how much does the heat factor into it and how much are you able to replicate that in training? Well, I think the heat training became a thing now in cycling a little bit, especially this year, maybe last 2, 3 years, I mean, we try to pass, like, over heat the body in training session or in home trainer. And because it is a big factor, especially for me, I felt always that I struggle when it's like super hot, but yeah, if you try to train this and you can be better. Yeah, I mean, I guess I could imagine if you're on a trainer at home, it's easy to replicate it, otherwise you just have to find the environment at the elevation altitude. This year, 2024, remarkable year for you, winning the zero, so comfortably, winning the tour quite comfortably. But it seemed to be your strongest year. I mean, people said, well, you know, Jonas crashed early in the season, but the truth of it is, Jonas's time is we're pretty remarkable this year. I mean, he seemed to put out very good numbers, so it seemed to be just as much a function of you riding even better this year than Jonas coming in injured as much as he was. What do you feel that's the case? Jonas had a big injury this year. Yeah, I don't know how exactly his recovery event, because they kept it quite quiet, but he was when he once got on the bike, I think he could start immediately training quite normal now for sure. It's first a little bit, a little bit, but I think it affects on three week stage race, it affects that preparation and yeah, you don't have the capacity to go three weeks, you have the power, like 10 minutes, best power output or five minutes, 20 minutes, you can do one day, but then maybe your body is not used to go another day. So I think that was the case with Jonas this year. He had a great power, he got great numbers, but then maybe he liked this three week, extend, you know, to perform. I feel like every cycling fan just feels that we have this incredible treat where we have both of you as these remarkable cyclists, you're both so young. We're going to have many more years if you guys racing each other. Do you feel you're going to continue to race the tour for many, many more years? I mean, obviously people are saying, look, you know, you could break every record here, you could you could break the five tours, the seven tours, I mean you could do it all, is it your intention to keep riding grand tours and specifically the tour to France? The tour to France is the biggest race of cycling, so yeah, to be to keep being on the top, you need to do tour to France and yeah, I think battling between me and Jonas is pushing each other and always the tour is the test, who is better, no of that year. I think I will keep on riding the tour until I enjoy it. Once I don't enjoy this stress anymore, maybe I hang up the bicycle in Gorash or somewhere. Something seemed different in you this year, you seemed stronger, what changed in your training between 23 and 24? Well, I didn't change only training on the bike, I also implement like court training more and more outside of the bike stuff. I got more into the details of nutrition as well, I'm getting older, so yeah, I'm not so obsessed anymore with just going cake on cake or just seating sheet, no, so yeah a little bit, my little. Is that mean that five years ago you weren't paying much attention to your nutrition and you were kind of shooting as much as you wanted? Yeah, for sure, when you're a kid you can eat what you want and you don't gain that, no, you don't gain too much because you're evolving, you're growing up and yeah, it's just, yeah, when you're a kid you can eat what you want and when you get older, you already see. You're at the age right now because you're going to be 26 and a week. Yeah, do you need to watch your weight in the off season now? I mean, my all year looks more or less the same. I never restrict too much or I never say, okay, I cannot eat cake or I cannot eat chocolate, but all in measurements and when the time is right because if you don't. If you restrict too much and you don't touch chocolate for a month or for six months, then one time you will break and you will go crazy now and I think that's not good relationship with food. So you need to have balance also with the bad food also now and then when comes off season, I don't have the cravings. I'm like, okay, now I go vacation, I have nice food, good food quality food and not crazy amounts, so I don't gain so much weight. What's the heaviest you'll be in the off season? 70? No, like 69. Like maybe 70 after when you wake up after party or something when you're big, big dinner with, I don't know, after a girl they party or something. You just a lot, but that's also a lot of times just waterwaters or something, but around 69 would be maximum maximum. Now, do you have a sense of how many grams of carbohydrate you can drink in an hour when you're training? I mean drink or it's total amount of carbohydrate. So in drink we have either 30 grams or 60 grams in per bottle, so normally you're not a very strong dilution then. No, I honestly, I like the 30 grams of grams because then I can eat more, but when it's a hard stage it's better having 60 grams in the bottle and then you can eat less. I mean still no because for hard stages you need to get around 120 grams per hour and for easier stages from 60 to 90 is enough. So yeah, basically we aim for that per hour. Was that easy for you to get to or did you have to train your gut to be able to eat that much? At first it seemed like five years ago, 120 grams per hour, that's impossible, but we do good food with good nutrition. What do you like to eat and drink? Sponsor energy, and with our nutritionists, he designed really good the gels and the drink that it's easy on the gut and since they created this product, I don't have any stomach problems. Five years ago I will always go shit my pants after the stage races or long races and now even eating 120 grams most stomach problems. And do you think that's more because you've gotten used to it? Do you think it's more because your nutritionist has figured out recipe that works for you guys? Yeah, I think it needs to be good ratio between glucose, glucose and all other stuff in the gels. And it needs to be good quality of what's inside. So I know, yeah, you get used to it for sure. When you're training right now, I don't mean right now. I mean like when you're preparing say for the tour. How do you define your energy systems? You define them more by heart rate, by power, by how you feel, what are you using? I've been training with hard-drain monitors since I'm, I don't know, 12 years old or even like 10 years old. So I would say I know how my body responds, I mean how my heart rate responds when I'm tired or when I'm good. So yeah, I could go by heart rate only, but it's always good to compare heart rate to two-power, but power meters are not so reliable these days. I would say really. Which one do you guys use SRM? We have Shimana parameters, but yeah, you always need to be careful with the temperature, so the outside, the calibration, everything and sometimes can be off. And you need to be careful about this. I, in my experiences and yeah, the best is to train on your home roads, but you can also look the speed, the van, how fast you're moving. What kind of van are you able to reach when you're training? Well, on training, 7.5% if you go all out, I think it's like 1700 to 1800 to 1. For like 15 minutes, so. Yeah. That's just incredible. Yeah. I mean, people, I know that people listening might not appreciate that. I'm not going to take time to explain what VAM is. If they know what it is, they understand how crazy that is if we don't take and look it up, I'm happy when I hit a thousand by the way. Yeah. But yeah, depends on the gradient, but what I was trying to say is like, you can, you can see using these other metrics. Yeah. You see all these three things, the speed, heart rate and power, and then you see how you feel and in Weads on, are you really in? And how much of your time are you spending at like a low intensity, where do we call it zone two, whether we just call it a row big, how much of your total training time would be in that zone and not burning matches? Well, I love riding zone two. And yeah, around where I live in Monaco, it's really hard to get big time zone two because it's a lot of climbing and then you have all the down hills you cannot go to camp. So yeah, try to hit really high zone two on the climbs. They are like 20 to 40 minutes long and then you recover and downhill. But when I go home to Slovenia or somewhere else or in Spain when we're training in Calpe or somewhere, where it's more flat, then I really like to stay five hours in zone two. She's on two. Yeah, and some trainings, I would love to do just zone two and going on stop. What is your heart rate at zone two approximately? When I'm Satiq, it's like 140, 145, when I'm bit more fresh like 158 to 155. And how many watts are you putting out at that heart rate? Like 320 to 340. Again, I know it's just hard for people who are listening to us to understand what that means. 320 to 340 watts for five hours keeping lactate below to keeping heart rate at 140 is really remarkable. That's also another thing not in Monaco on the climbs where I can recover after. I can do, you cannot look zone two and say this is your zone two because you did to 10 minutes. Yeah, because it's too much up down. And if you're doing five hour right, you're zone two after five hours, maybe not be your zone two anymore. So you need to also, you always need to know at what time this zone two will not be your zone two anymore because on the flat, you will not recover and five hours of writing of 320 to 340 for me is also next day. I'm not not writing the bike. So on the when I go on flat for longer, I drop power to 292 to 300. Do you track your heart rate or heart rate variability in the morning? Do you, do those numbers give you any indication of how you're going to train that day or race? Yeah, I started this in 2020, at first. I was especially in COVID time, lockdown, this mean my girlfriend, we were doing that, but yeah, I did not find it really interesting or helpful. But this year I started using again more to track HRE heart rate in the night and yeah, I must say that I quite like it now to track it, but yeah, it's not something that you, it can be misleading, it doesn't necessarily take it, it can get in your head a little bit, you don't want it to tell you how you're going to train that day can be misleading. It's almost better for somebody else to look at it and tell you after. Well, my girlfriend, she had a really good method for a while, especially in races. She don't open in the morning, she opened it after the race, she checked after the race, what was her heart rate variability in the morning, not in the morning. So she would not, if it would be real low, it doesn't. She would be less than then with the mess with race. So how much variation when you do look at your heart rate variability, how much variation do you have between a high day and a low day of HRV? Well, if you really, yeah, on a really good day, I would say my HRV would be, I don't know, 120, 120, maximum some days can pick up to 150. Wow. And then on the lower end, would be also, I don't know, 35 could be that much of a difference. Could be, but is that from drinking alcohol the night before me? Yeah. Okay. But yeah, like on the races in the tour, for example, and zero was quite steady around from 80 to 110 was like average. Wow. Everyday. Yeah, that's that's pretty amazing. And then resting heart rate, do you care at all about that or do you see how much, how much heart rate range do you have? So what's the lowest you're going to be at? And then what is your maximum heart rate now versus five years ago? And the lowest I hit since I'm tracking, I think was 37, but my average I would say in the night, I think 43 42. But someday I could walk up with 48 49 if you're sick or really fatigue maybe even over 50. And the max heart rate, yeah, when I was junior, I could hit 213. Yeah. But was shorter races. Thanks. So now, for example, when you were yesterday, 233. So was still pretty high. So I'm pretty happy about it. How often do you guys test VO2 max? Oh, since it's been a while since I tested the last time we were to max here. Yeah, interesting. And do you do it? Yeah, I'm going to bet it's pretty high. So, and do you do an FTP test out of season just as a way to track it like a true 20 minute test? True 20 minute test also, it's been a while since I've done one. We do, I did this year like fatigue test when you repeat eight minutes of one power. Yeah. And I mean of going higher and higher power and then also all out. And normally we do home trainer test in the camp in December. It's long from one hour to one hour 30 depends how you really want how long you want to test to which zone you want to test, but yeah, normally around one hour 20 for me. 10 minutes steps on the home trainer and every five minutes you take like that from from the year to check for the zones. And I like to do it also at home with my girlfriend one time I do for her. You see you test each other with test each other and yeah, for people listening your girlfriend is obviously a very competitive professional psych. Yeah, yeah. If you guys have kids one day, they go, oh man, I don't want to put them in second though. Well, that would be a good idea actually because they would probably have a very hard time filling your parents shoes. Yeah, but they should pick up another sport. They couldn't be better even. Okay, changing topics for a second. If we just think about three of the most epic climbs in the two are to France. Well, for me, if I would say, Vauntu, Alptu as Gullibier, but what what what what would be the most epic climbs and what I really want to know is how do they compare and difficulty assuming your equally fresh on all days like same situation. If you have to race up each pick those three if I said Vauntu Gullibier and Alptu as well of those three, Galibis they just. Then I would say when to second and not Alptu is second and then. Vauntu will be the first. I think is the hardest there also because of the nature because they ended the top and stuff like that. When hit can be no and yeah, Alptu is it's hard, but I think it's shorter. Angaly B is the pen. It depends where it is in the state from also this but from Briand's own side is like dragging up in the valley and then when you turn right I mean it's quite high altitude, but yeah it's still quite regular climb from the other side you have telegraph and then small downhill and climbing again, but it's like. These are calls from apps they're all more or less the same. And Galibis called up on it these are almost identical climb so you're used to those and yeah, Alptu is just mythical you have you have we a hundred climbs then. Alptu is for sure. What is the hardest climb you think in the in the modern tour? Well for me personally, Colela was the hardest. I think everybody would agree on that this was my well you had a first guess of day there in 23. Yeah that was what stage 18. Stage 7. Was it the Queen stage? Yeah it was stage 17. Yeah yeah. But yeah I did twice and yeah first time. Okay I did good but then I felt really tired after it was really exhausting climbing. Yeah last year was with it Lose and then small downhill and 12 to put in what's called this town. Cushvel and this was brutal but yeah. But this is something about you today that is very. It's very interesting. I've never seen a cyclist who in defeat is so so gracious and. It's it's almost like you don't it's clear that you're upset but you're you demonstrate. I mean I remember after that stage like you just thanked your team you just said you know thank God I had a great team around me today or I would have come off the podium. That's that's remarkable sportsmanship but how. How are you able to do that? I if I put myself in your shoes. I would just be so pissed off I wouldn't even want to talk to the media like I would just want to be locked in the trailer you know. Yeah but. It's not it's not the individual sport is the sport and they the guy sacrificed everything to be there in the tour to help one guy to win the tour. And and then in this day we could really see how the guys reacted to me when I when I dropped and they help me. They support me emotionally physically whatever no and. Yeah I just I really felt like I let them down and and I was feeling just yeah I was devastated I was upset. I was upset but I couldn't change it not so bad just went with it. I was feeling down but yeah you cannot change nothing and then yeah when we had dinner with the guys was already better and you know they really helped me through that days. What did you think about after the 23 tour you now come in second twice and. My guess is there were people out there saying hey maybe this guy isn't the next Eddie marks you know and again I'm sure you don't care about that but like whether you're the next Eddie marks are not but. How did you think about that and how did it motivate you over the winter coming into 2024 where you set off on this again very aggressive schedule. To win huge races going into the tour. Yeah it's frustrating was frustrating. Yeah. It was. Yeah I was anxious I was stressed and I was not feeling great last year after the tour but. I evaluate what when wrong what was. What was the mistakes what I can do better and I told went back to the crash from leash and preparation to the tour and everything else. It was a it was a it will love everything and yeah. Psychologically I mean did you have to get some confidence back I mean did you for sure I mean I got some confidence back already on stage 20 when I win. Yep. Three days after that but then I worked on it was like just a small patch on the wound I would say third place but great racing but. I didn't feel enough you know and then. Yeah winning longer day was. Yeah it was really amazing big for me last year and then again for sure people listening who might not understand that there are these five huge classic races. That normally the people who win the tour de France do not win those races and vice versa. This is a totally different sport it's sort of like I don't know the person who wins the marathon winning the 10k I mean even that's not even remotely the right comparison but there's their did like yes they're both on a bike but it's different. Yeah and you've now one three of the five classics. Yeah I mean longer this the closest one that grant to winner can win. The other four is they're really unlikely maybe they're just on the edge but also it's really hard for grant to. Contender to win those races but yeah. Do you want to win you have a very rare day still. Yeah very rare day and a scenario yeah. Sanremo is the one that's gonna send me to Grave I have feeling it's just. You're gonna die trying to win that probably it's I'm getting so close but it's so far and it's it's unbelievable it's. But this is that to be clear this is a goal you want to win all five. I mean I want to win first World Championships yeah Sun Rema and then we can see if there's a space for a bit or not. And not to discount it but the Vuelta. Yeah of course Vuelta my first grant to renew in 2019 it podium was breakthrough for me with three stages. Why jersey and I want to come back and seal the deal with the regers if I sure. Yeah well I think you will. Right. What about the Olympics where does that rank on your goals? Well it's in Los Angeles in four years I really hope for a nice per course. I really want to dip like again climbing per course like was in Tokyo or even harder. So yeah we'll see when they announce it how eager I will be but Olympics in cycling is hard timing. It's right on the floor. You know for other sports in some other sports they train four years just for Olympics and then this is the peak of the career. And in cycling the peak of your career needs to be to the France every year so it's a bit like no. It's not as high a priority as one of the goals obviously. I mean yeah it's not. Do you watch have you seen any of the Netflix series the two that you know the Netflix has done the two specials and the two have you ever watched them? Yeah I watched the first season I didn't watch the second season I watched the because I was in training camp and I didn't have anything better to watch but yeah for people like us when we are there no. Yeah it's not so fun to watch. But you know it's fun for me to be able to watch it with my wife or with friends if they're not cycling fans right so they're not going to watch the tour with me and stuff like that. One of the things that people who don't watch cycling and frankly people like me who do still cannot believe is how you guys are able to ride while fans are encroaching the roads. What's the closest call you've had with a fan? Well first the fans are amazing when I was a kid I always wanted that feeling to ride through the group of fans like this and now I enjoyed the most and yeah the closest I've been having. I don't know yeah in cause I lost I was when in 2020 was some close calls which lovinian fan. And yeah but normally you need to watch the flags the flags are really really tricky one because they are waiting in the middle of the road and they move it. The last time and sometimes you know they they move differently the flag and. That's when I'm watching this with my wife she gets so mad at the TV. She's the get out of the way get out of the way. I mean she's screaming at the TV for the fans to move she's so upset. I think they have I think. I think. So I was going to say the opposite because I put try to put myself in a cyclist shoes and I feel like I would subconsciously be holding back a little bit for fear of hitting them. And not that you worried about hitting them but worried about falling because you're going to. Yeah you do sometimes like let off the throttle a little bit especially like if you attack or something and you're in the zone. If you like you're pushing all all the words that you can but then when you see the fans. You don't I don't know you may be let off a little bit but it's still high power I would say but also because. The other sharing is just adrenaline is so high and the noise is. Yeah incredible the noise is so loud and you're just you're just riding and you don't actually lose any momentum and. You just it's crazy it's hard to describe I can't imagine actually it looks like one of the craziest things. I've ever seen and I yeah so. This year in the tour I was very surprised that certain commentators were. Almost expressing disappointment when you were winning stages after you had already secured the yellow jersey. Did any of that make it to you and if so did did you does that does that mean anything to you that people are saying he shouldn't be winning so much. I actually don't see so many people saying he shouldn't mean so much okay the ones that they hate me they will say that but obviously they. Hold something against me no yeah it's normal but like even the people that are neutral and this don't say it in that I should hold back I shouldn't mean so much. It's just the media and the commentators and journalists they like to they like to say these things just. So that's a kind of a. Yeah but I really don't see so much. Yeah I can't trust in this because also for me. In some stages a lot of stages I can't I can't the other day how many stages I win. 12 stages in grand tours this year and I think we control. To win and that I won was seven stages so. It's just a little bit more than half. So it's not so bad. Do you even think about. Equalling or bettering the the mark now of of marks and Cavendish and in tour stage wins. I don't want to think so much ahead. Just. Yeah just because you never know when you're lost in know that's why you also. That's why you take every win. Because if it's there you take it now if you enjoy and you feel good you go for the stage. You win unless it's there some other reason. But yeah I mean 36 or how much? 34 or 36. 35 stages from Cavendish is just crazy and. It's incredible achievement but yeah I don't want to think so much ahead. I want to go from tour to tour and see how I feel and what can I do. If you met Eddie Merck, I assume you have. Yeah I did. I made him a few times one time more closely but that was. Now already three years ago yeah we met for dinner. That was nice. There's a great book about him called Half Man Half Bike. It's one of my favorite books about cycling and it's kind of the story of his life in career. And it's just amazing. I'm sure you would enjoy it because it gives you an appreciation for how could a guy win all of these races. Like again like what you're doing right you're winning you're winning you know grand tours he's winning the one day classics. And then of course in 1972 to just obliterate the one hour world record record that would stand for 12 years. And even 12 years later when it was broken by Francesca Moser. I mean it was using completely new arrow equipment and stuff whereas Merck did it on a. Yeah yeah yeah yeah. And so you know I've read certainly that Merck has considered you truly the second coming of him. That must mean a lot to you. I don't know I don't know how to how to respond to that but yeah for sure he was. One of the greatest especially at his time this was. He was incredible and how he won the races and yeah I mean I never saw any of his racing but yeah just when you read his Palmaras is just unbelievable and yeah it's something that you can not imagine in this era to achieve so I don't think it's. It's possible to do the same what he did not but it's different cycling. You think that that the one hour record is something you would even entertain in terms of like making the effort for training for it setting aside time. I was until yeah gonna did it. And then being I think he did also before people. And before that time I would consider it now not so much there there. I mean Ghana was fast really he did incredible. What is the difference between your power when you are climbing so your legs are you know your femurs are not kinked down versus when you're in a time trial position. How much of a how many watts do you lose being in a time trial position for the same period of time? Well I don't know I still trying to figure this one out actually but yeah I have I see that I have on time trial. I have some good days and some bad days I never have more I don't consist I'm not so consistent as on a road bike but when it matters I can push more or less the same numbers on the real. And then I think that the same thing is the same thing. Wow it's coming all along now with via mechanics and wind testings and so many training so many intervals doing that. Yeah you trying to figure out the best position to be possible to do this power. You mentioned that you did some more strength work in the offseason coming to twenty four as part of the reason why you've seen. Stronger than before which is hard to imagine. Were you doing any strength training for your legs were you doing any weights? Yeah a little bit weights. I mean I'm still doing the strength training throughout the season but with less weights. But yeah still legs core glutes. I mean hips and this is for me personally is important. Yeah. Do you not anymore but did you ever use to when you're growing up run or swim or do any other endurance sports? Yeah when we were younger in our team in Lula and in the winter we were running up the mountain and like three four times per week after school. We we had meeting training meeting and we go this mountain that was closed by and we can we go like two three times up down and that was it. We swim also a few years one time per week for one hour or something. So yeah we tried different sports in the winter and cross country skiing this my favorite. Yeah running on the flat not so much but now I try the last two years I tried to to put running also into off season really. I tried to start in off season and I tried to keep it as long as possible to season but it didn't work out this year. So in your off season what is the most days you'll go without being on a bike at all no stationary bike no outdoors. Especially in off season I don't do it but yeah I don't know we have a team camp in UAE it's like six days but. Yeah last year for example we went with the boys run together in Abu Dhabi two times and playing paddle something so. And then going off to vacation and then on vacation you get bored you go for run or playing paddle or whatever again or swimming and I don't really have. I cannot say that I do two weeks without a bike or without any training at all but because I really enjoy doing other stuff and other sports so. Yeah maybe three days doing nothing then one day do something and then maybe three days again nothing and you know but then meet November always starting on a bike road bike again. How old were you when you realize you're going to be or where you knew you wanted to be a professional cyclist. My thing when I was a junior so. Yeah six sixteenth sixteenth seventeenth years old when I. When I thought that I have a chance to to be professional to be in the war tour team but then. Yes second year juniors. Why realized that I can definitely be in war tour and then when I come to under 23 then I already signed with UAE team pre contract for 2019 so two years after. Well today I have a million more questions I could ask you but I know you've got a team meeting shortly I want to make sure you get to that on time want to make sure you got a good dinner and have a great race tomorrow and above all else I mean really we're just. You know I think everybody's kind of excited to to see what the world's in a couple of weeks and. Not again not to put pressure on you but just so people understand the significance of that to be able to win. Two grand tours in a year is really unprecedented. If there's a chance to add a world title to that it's kind of unbelievable and and and at the other end of that you know should it not happen this year given that you're you're you're not yet 26 I think most people would take the bet that you're going to have another shot at that. Yeah but the sooner we get it over. The better is there's no more pressure. Yeah I love it. Thank you so much.