Human genome project was completed in early 2000s, and with the human genome having been sequenced, and then also with DNA sequencing technology becoming cheaper and faster. Scientists were able to start a sequence in many, many more genomes. And so they can start to make comparisons between healthy individuals and also people who are affected by specific diseases to see what's different between their genomes. And by doing that comparison, they can identify the differences that may be causal for disease. And so, you know, two-date based on genetic analysis, researchers have probably identified more than 5,000 genealty mutations that have a direct causative role in disease. And so these are called genetic diseases. They are usually affecting a small population of individuals that are not as common as things like cancer or diabetes, or these, what people call complexor or complicated diseases. But nevertheless, these are the ones where we know the exact genetic cause. And so, the tantalizing idea is then, if you know the mutation in the genome, why not just go and fix it? And so that's where gene editing comes in. Hey, everyone. Welcome to the Drive podcast. I'm your host, Peter Atia. Hey, Fong. Thank you so much for detouring your trip and coming through Austin. I've been really looking forward to sitting down with you for, frankly, about a year. So this is a topic that I don't think there's anybody who's heard this podcast, who hasn't heard the term CRISPR. But I think very few people can actually explain it and explain what a powerful tool it is. But I do think that before we get there, it would be really helpful to kind of understand a little bit more about your journey on one hand. And then the journey of gene editing kind of as a parallel. But let's start with with yours. You and I overlap to a little bit because, I mean, not temporarily, but you were at Stanford and you were a postdoc in Carl Desaroth's lab. Well, first of all, thank you for having me beyond his podcast. I've listened to your podcast on and off, especially when I'm running around or exercising and it's always I learned a lot from this year to the podcast. Awesome. Thank you for having me here. So back to Stanford. I was there as a graduate student. I was in the lab for researcher named Carl Desaroth and I was there for five years. That's right, you did your PhD there with Carl. OK, now as you know, Carl, and I were classmates, Carl's been on this podcast. And so maybe folks who either didn't listen to that podcast or who did but have forgotten, give us a kind of a quick summary of the type of work that you and Carl did. Well, I was working with Carl Desaroth with developed a technology called Optogenetics. And it's a way of studying brain cells in the brain how they are connected together and how they mediate memory, mediate different types of physiological function. The way it works is that we took a gene from a green algae. And this is a gene that senses light and converts it into electrical current in a cell. So we can put this gene from the green algae right into the brain cells in the mouse. And we can shine blue light or yellow light and control the brain activity in these mice. So for example, if you wanted to study sleep, you can put this gene into different groups of cells in the brain and stimulate them. And you can find out which ones of these are controlling wifleness or which one are causing the mouse to become more sleepy. So if you do this systematically, one by one from one type of cell to another type of cell, you can gradually start to put together picture of how the brain is wired together and then also what are the different components that govern all sorts of behaviors from sleep and wifleness to thirst and hunger, to memory and even to motivation and happiness. So it was really fun to be as Stanford and working with Carl. Yeah, and to me the thing that always stood out about the technique was just the resolution. It was, I don't know what a great analogy would be, but it was sort of resolution at the level of the word rather than the page. If you were thinking about a book, for example. Right, what is incredible about these algal proteins is that they are very, very fast. So you can control the way the brain cells are able to signal to each other at the action potential level. So action potentials are these individual signals that they're basically like the phonemes of the speech that when neuron speaks with another neuron. And you can control it at every single phone in the level. And that is pretty cool. And since we're going to be talking a lot about gene editing, what was the technique that you guys used to insert those algal genes into the brains? The way that you will put a gene into the brain is usually by using a virus. So this is a virus that exists in nature, but we have engineered it by removing everything that is pathogenic by the virus and replacing those pathogenic genes with the gene that we're trying to put into the brain. So in this case is the gene from the green algae. And by injecting the virus into a brain area that you want to study, the virus will infect all the cells in that region and then make those cells begin to produce this algal protein. So once the neuron starts to carry this algal protein, it becomes light sensitive. So you can turn blue light on it and then be able to stimulate it. Yeah, amazing. What year did you finish here PhD? In 2009. Okay, and then you went to MIT, or did you have the brood? Then I was a Harvard. I was there for about a year. And then I went to MIT and brood after that. Okay, and then your attention there sort of turned. You obviously worked on some on optogenetics, but what else did you sort of pivot into? So as I was working on optogenetics and especially toward end of graduate school, they began to realize that one of the biggest bottlenecks facing optogenetics is our ability to insert the algal gene into a specific place in the genome. And the reason for that is because in order for us to study different types of brain cells, we need to have very precise targeting of different types of brain cells. Brain cells are not just one type. The neuron is not a single type. They are probably hundreds of different types of brain cells. The way that they're defined is based on their molecular property. So each brain cell, even though they all share the same genome, they have different sets of genes that are turned on. So that's why brain cells, the control, pain sensation, versus brain cells that are involved in Parkinson's disease are different. So the way that you would target one or another type of brain cell is by figuring out what are the molecular signatures of that cell. So if you know that gene A is turned on in that brain cell and not in another type of brain cell, then you can insert this algal gene into the region that's controlling gene A. That way it will only get turned on in neuron, that the first type of neuron. And the way to insert this gene into that precise place in the genome required gene editing, and it was really hard to do at the time. And so I thought maybe if I wanted to get after genetics to become even more powerful and useful, we need to make gene editing more easy to use. So by the time I went to Harvard, I began to focus more on trying to figure out how do you more easily be able to modify the genome? Yeah, so this is to me where the story gets so interesting because you stumble across a problem that you're trying to solve because of your passion. You've already alluded to why this is so difficult. And I guess maybe just go back and explain something so that the listener understands, why was it easy to do what you did in Carl's lab, relatively speaking, right? Where you're putting an entire gene into presumably an adnovirus and letting the adnovirus infect the neurons and stick a whole gene in. Why is that a different problem than the one you just described that you started to solve at Harvard? Make sure everybody understands that distinction. The work that I was doing when I was at graduate student with Carl Dysroth is that we were simply trying to insert a gene into brain cells. And when we did that, we weren't as... Meaning you don't get to care where it goes specifically. We can get it into the rough area in the brain but there are many different types of cells there. And so we weren't as precise in our ability to target those cells. And we also developed some tricks to be able to get it into a specific type of cell but that was only limited to mice because we can genetically modify mice and it will take a long time. We'll take a year or two years to be able to make those mice available to engineer them but it wasn't generally applicable. And so especially if you think about how to turn up to genetics into a therapeutic to using a human, we certainly couldn't go and use those transgenic technologies to make a working in a human brain. So so this was a major problem. OK. So let's keep that story on the side for a moment. And let's tell in parallel another story, a story that started long before you were even in college, when you were young kid. And it stems from an observation that grew out of a discovery in sequences that existed in bacterial DNA. A certain type of repeating structure. They had all these interesting characteristics. So let's go back to the 80s and tell a little bit of that story. And it's all obviously I wouldn't be going through this if it wasn't going to quickly converge with your life change the direction of your life. But let's go back to the 80s. Sure. I was born in the 80s. But what was really interesting that you are pointing out is that back in the 80s, there was a group of Japanese researchers who were just looking at DNA sequences of bacteria. And they were looking at E. coli. And what they found is that within some of the genomes, the DNA sequences of these bacteria, there are these regions that are very repetitive. So just repeat over and over and over again. Normally, genome sequences are not repetitive because they encode genes and different genes. But here, they found that these repeat sequences that are all grouped together. So they're clustered. And they are not tandem repeat. So it's not repeated one next to each other. But they're interspaced by a short fixed length gap. And so it's basically A, B, A, C, A, D, A, E, A, G. And so it just continues to repeat itself. But in this regularity, spaced pattern. And when they first found it, they had no idea what this sequence was all about. And there's something else about those repeating segments that was quite interesting as well, which is in each direction, whichever way you read them, they were the same. So they're called palenjums. DNA is double stranded. So there's a pop strand and there's a double strand. There's a bottom strand. And so this is why they look like a double helix so they twist and insert. And what is interesting is that when you read these repeats sequences from the top and you read in the reverse way at a bottom, they're almost the same. So so they're a palenjum. So you had these palenjum clustered repeats that were interspaced. And if you say that in the right way, you get a few letters. C, R, I, S, P, R. Right. CRISPR. So the name CRISPR that term was actually coined then nearly 40 years ago, right? So CRISPR is really a brilliant acronym. And so CR, I, S, P, R stands for exactly how these repeats look. Clustered, regularity, interspaced, short, palenjumic repeat. So CRISPR is really brilliant and is very catchy. But this name wasn't the name that was given to these repeats back in the 80s. In fact, it had many different names. Would that name not come along until the 90s? It didn't come until the early 2000s. Oh, really? OK. OK. So before Francisco, Mohito, he was named Mohito, Kima, was named. Kima, was that name. But there was no way to tell these 20,000. OK. Now, if my reading of the history is accurate, understandably, scientists in the 80s and 90s focused on the repeating segments. Obviously, any good scientist, I think, would look at that and realize this is a very interesting observation. How do we figure out what it is? But the focus was on the repeating segments. What you describe is the A in the A, B, A, C, A, D. When did, and I believe it was Francisco, who was the first to observe? The factually, what's interesting is not the repeating segments. It's the seemingly uninteresting segments in between them that are different. Exactly. So this Christopher repeats. They had this conserved A sequence. And this A, of course, repeats many, many times. So it's the most obvious thing. And usually, when we are looking at things, we look for things that have the strongest signal. So you have 20, 30 repeats of the same sequence. That's the strongest signal there is. But it turns out that is not an interesting part. The interesting part is actually the non-repeating sequences that's interspaced between pairs of these repeats. So Francisco, Francisco Mojica, he's a Spanish researcher. He's been looking at bacteria and looking at their weird sequences for a long time. And what he did back in the early 2000s is that he took these non-repeats sequences and he just searched against viruses in the bacterial world. And a few of them, he found matched virus sequences. And so that was really a breakthrough. Because it started to highlight that maybe these non-repeating sequences are foreign to the bacteria. They came from somewhere else. And somehow bacteria acquired them into these repeat patterns. And that really started to launch the CRISPR revolution. Because that observation and that inference allowed people to start to realize that maybe this has something to do with how bacteria and the viruses are interacting with each other. Yeah, what's interesting when you, again, look at that story is that when he tried to publish that finding, it was rejected by virtually every significant journal out there. They viewed this as either incorrect, uninteresting, whatever. It was ultimately published, although I don't recall the name of the journal that first published that finding. But it was many runs below nature, science, et cetera. The irony of science sometimes. So maybe folks, we can remind them just how the human immune system works. Because just like bacteria, we are also encountering viruses all the time. Viruses do nothing good for us just as they do nothing good for bacteria. Right? You know, we have a pretty negative relationship with viruses. All they want to do is use us as host to replicate their, their genomic material in the process. They tend to make us sick. So obviously when a virus infects a bacteria, it's just using its genetic machine to re-eplicate and it's going to kill the bacteria. So as you said, the bacteria needs a tool to fight back. Now, we do it through the creation of antibodies. But how did this story continue to unfold? What were the bacteria doing? Or what more to the point? What did Francisco realize was happening with this artifact, left behind of viral DNA? In the early days of CRISPR research, there were actually several different converging lines of work. So there's Francisco Mojica who's looking at these repeat sequences within the bacterial genome. But then there are also other researchers who began to zero in on a group of genes. So these are things that are telling the bacteria to make certain types of protein. There are these certain genes that are right next to their repeats. And it took a while for people to begin to associate the genes and the repeat to be together as one single system. But the people who are studying the genes realized that these genes were carrying nucleases. So nucleases are proteins that usually go and cut up either DNA or RNA. And so they initially thought that maybe these genes were involved in DNA repair. So for example, Eugene Kunen, who is a really brilliant bi-informatician, he's been studying these genes. And he really started to zero in on what biologically these genes may be doing. But the linkage with these repeats took a little while longer to get associated. But it was really when the discovery that there are these viral sequences in the repeats. And that there are these genes that are associated with the repeat that are involved in DNA cleavage that started to really put together a framework for thinking that maybe this is a system where these viral sequences are working together with the DNA cleavage proteins to go and recognize viral sequences and try to cleave a virus sequences. And we can put some names on these things so that people can start to see where the thing is going. So you talked about these genes that were near, but at a distance from both the palendromic repeats and the inner-spaced segments that we now realize were copies of viral DNA. And as you said, they coded for proteins or enzymes called nucleases which cut DNA. And similarly, we have helicases, right? So you have certain enzymes that can unwind the DNA so that they can go and cut. And these were referred to as CRISPR-associated proteins, correct? Which is abbreviated as CAS. So was CAS one and CAS two the first that were identified in that regard? That's exactly right. So these genes that are right next to the CRISPR-Ve-P's that are called CAS proteins. Although they probably underwent many, many different green naming over the course of two decades. But eventually, the community researchers were studying CRISPR-P proteins and CRISPR RNA, they came together and started to really curate these different genes. And so CAS one, CAS two, CAS three, CAS four, et cetera. These are things that are kind of number based on part, the order that they would discover. So the most popular protein is, or the most widely used protein now, it's called CAS nine. And this is one of the CAS proteins that are found among array of many, many different CRISPR-P proteins. And so yeah, so these CAS proteins work with the CRISPR RNA. And CRISPR RNA refers to these repeats, which are encoded in DNA, but they are made by bacteria into RNA. And those RNA are called CRISPR RNA. And they don't encode protein. They simply are a short guide sequence that directs the CAS protein to find the target virus sequence. And so CAS protein, CRISPR RNA, they together form a complex that go and provide defense function for the bacteria. And whereas our defense against a virus is going to be making an antibody and or activating another type of immune cell with an antigen receptor on it called the T cell, the defense of the bacteria is simply to cut the genetic material of the virus to kill the virus. Obviously, a much more directed approach. Let's walk through two scenarios. First infection reinfection. And explain the difference between how the bacteria defends itself with special attention to the use of the CRISPR system and the CAS9 enzyme. Sure. So first of all, first infection now. Out of the gate, you're an E. coli. I'm a bacteria phase. You've never seen me before. I've just injected my viral DNA into you. So CRISPR is an adaptive immune system. So this system can evolve with a bacteria to be able to accommodate many, many virus infections. So when the virus, which is called a bacterial phase, first infects the bacteria, it will inject its genetic information into the bacteria. The virus is usually very powerful and very potent. It will probably wipe out most of the bacterial population. But for very small number of cells, maybe one out of a million, the CRISPR system will successfully recognize a piece of the DNA of the virus and begin to insert it into this repeat area in the CRISPR system. And how long a piece is that typically? How many nucleotides in that piece? It's usually 30 letters long. And that is enough for the bacteria to uniquely recognize the virus. So anyway, so during the first infection, in the most bacteria die, very, very small number of them begin to acquire a snippet of the genetic information of this virus. And the insert it into CRISPR system. So those bacteria that survived have now acquired immunity against these viruses. And in the process of surviving, what do they have to rapidly do to fend off that first viral infection? Well, so the bacteria has many different defense systems in addition to CRISPR. So in fact, CRISPR is not the first line of defense. There are other things that are also very powerful technologies now that are restriction in the nucleotides. These are proteins or enzymes that bacteria use. They don't adapt, so they don't evolve. But they recognize fixed letter sequences. And sometimes these will always be activated first and try to fend off the virus. But if it doesn't, there are a host of other defense systems and one of these will eventually work. But unfortunately for the bacterial population, these things don't come in quick enough. And that's why most of the cells die. But the few where these things weren't able to keep out with the virus, that's what allows a CRISPR system to begin to acquire the genetic information. So now let's talk about that subsequent infection. So we've obviously, through a very Darwinian mechanism, selected a subset of the E. coli in this case that indeed are able to not just survive with their first and second line defense against the bacteria phased, but now they've also developed the memory. So to speak, the way we would use the term. So now it's a month later. The same page comes along, infects you. Inserts its genetic material, but now you actually have interspersed between your CRISPR repeats. You actually have the 30 nucleotides that match a sequence within that virus. So now, how do you spring into action to resist this infection? Exactly. So after the first infection, in the way the bacteria has been vaccinated against this virus. So the second time when this virus comes around, it will injects its genetic information into the bacteria. But now the bacteria in the CRISPR repeat area has a signature of this virus. So the repeat area will get turned on and it will start to make CRISPR RNA that carry a 30-based parallel or 20-based parallel guide that's able to recognize the incoming virus. So the CAS protein will bind to these CRISPR RNA. They will go and try to search along all the DNA sequences in the bacteria. When it finds a match in the viruses DNA, it will activate the nucleos and it will cut the DNA. And approximately how many base pairs are in viral DNA? Depends on the virus, they can be small, maybe 10,000 letters, or they can be long, 100,000 or even longer. Which again, just for context, so people understand, we have about 3 billion, right? So we're still talking about tiny, tiny, tiny amounts of DNA. And by the way, does it differ if it's an RNA virus versus a DNA virus as the process identical? It's very similar. So the reinfection tends to make pretty quick work. Because now once the bacteria is able to make the CAS protein, which it can make really quickly, it makes the, in between the CRISPR segment, it makes the RNA segment to guide it and match it. And really that's kind of a CRISPR RNA plus a truncated sort of other version of an RNA that holds the RNA in the CAS protein. Correct? And like we guess we call that whole thing the guide RNA. How quickly can that CAS9 enzyme holding the guide RNA? How quickly in actual time does it go through the entire sequence of viral DNA until it finds its place to land and cleave? That process probably pretty fast. I don't know exactly how quick it is. But also it's important to recognize that in a single bacteria, there are many, many copies of the CAS9, along with the guide RNA. And so that means once the virus comes in, there are many, many copies of CAS9 that are simultaneously in parallel, searching against the virus DNA to see whether or not there's a match. And this is why the system is so powerful, because it's able to, you know, very quickly in a parallel fashion, find the match and then inactivate the virus. With a minute, with a minute. Yeah, and there's something else that is pretty unique about where those cuts take place. When we bring in the viral memory, it always begins with three particular nucleotides. What's the significance of that? Right. So what you're talking about is what CRISPR scientists call Pam sequence, PAM, or proto-spacer, Jason Motiv, just a jargon. What is significant about that is that it is a sequence that is only found in the bacterial viruses genome, but not in the bacteria genome. So when the bacteria acquires a piece of the virus sequence and sticks it into its own genome, one question is, couldn't the CRISPR system go and recognize the virus's own genome now? The bacteria. Yeah, the bacteria. The bacteria genome. And be able to cut the bacteria. And be able to cut the bacteria. It's going to like, couldn't you turn the weapon on yourself and cut your own DNA and kill yourself? Exactly. Yeah, so how does it avoid this self-targeting or auto-immunity against itself? And this is where the PAM sequence comes in. The PAM sequence is in the viral genome. It's right next to the sequence that is acquired into the CRISPR system, but it itself is not acquired into the bacteria genome. And so what you see in the bacterial genome's CRISPR repeat is just the recognition sequence, but no pen. And so Cas9 requires the PAM to activate recognition, cleavage. And so without the PAM, it doesn't cleave itself, but it's still able to target the virus. So, thank you. Does this bring us more or less up to speed with the state of the art when you turn your attention to how can I create a finer resolution for gene editing for my optogenetics problem? Is this about where the state of the art was? Yeah, so I started to work at MIT and it brought the Institute in 2011. And so when I first started, I went to a scientific presentation, and they were talking about CRISPR. And they mentioned that CRISPR are nucleases, because I was thinking about nucleases and gene editing at a time. When I heard that word, it just kind of got me interested. And so I went down to Wikipedia, and looked at what CRISPR is. And Francis Mojica and Sivay Mojniu and Rodal Berrengu, they had just published the very early studies on the Cas9 system. Back then, it was still called Cas5. It was only later on, it renamed to be Cas9. But there was all these papers that, if you read them, there aren't too many of them. You can piece together an information, and you can get a sense that this is the RNA guided DNA targeting and cleaving enzyme. And at a time, there were other gene editing systems that were being worked on by researchers in the field, something called Zinc Finger, New Cleas, or Talon. And these are systems that use protein to recognize DNA, but not using RNA to recognize DNA. So maybe let's talk a little bit about both of those, because they were the state of the art up until 15 years ago. And I want to understand both how they work, and why they may not have been sufficient for your application. In other words, why are you looking for something beyond two techniques that already existed? Sure. So when I first became interesting gene editing in the sort of late 2000s, there were people already developed in gene editing technologies. In fact, there were multiple iterations of technologies that came around. There's something called Megan New Cleas, which was very, very early. And then what got me excited was a New York Times article. I think it was 2008 or 2009. It talked about a system called Zinc Finger New Cleas. There's a company in California that's called Sanamo Biosciences. And they were already developing Zinc Finger New Cleas for gene therapy to be able to go and edit DNA and treat disease. But Zinc Finger was a really challenging system for scientists to adapt and use, because it required very sophisticated protein engineering. The way it works is that Zinc fingers are protein domains. They're just one glob of protein. Each finger, each Zinc finger, can recognize three letters of DNA. And they occur in nature. So you can find them in naturally occurring DNA binding proteins called transrofen factors. And they allow transrofen factors to go and recognize different genes in the genome to modulate their activity. Either turn them on or turn them off, or change how much they are expressing the cell. But how do you get specificity when you are only recognizing three nucleotides? The probability of those three nucleotides showing up seems pretty likely across the genome, right? Right, exactly. So nature has solved this problem by forming Zinc Finger arrays. So they tether multiple fingers together. And all of them have to hit their target of three nucleotides. Right, that's right. So if you have an array of three fingers, they recognize nine letters. If you have a array of six fingers, and that's 18 letters. So you're going to complicate a genome like our genome with three billion letters, 18 would give us uniqueness. So 18 can allow you to find, or define just a single position. And that's because four to the power of 18 is a big enough number. It's bigger than three billion. Yeah, okay. So let's now talk about the talons. Why, first of all, what is that technique? And why was that not necessarily going to serve your purpose? Right. So the challenge with Zinc Finger is that you have a engineered finger to recognize different combinations three letters. And you have to make sure that when you tether them together to make a Zinc Finger array, they can recognize what you intend to recognize in that multiple three fashion. That turned out to be really cumbersome, and usually it doesn't work very well. So then this other system that you mentioned called transcription activator like Effector T-A-L-E, nucleosodevalent. So these systems can also from bacteria. They came from a specific pathogenic bacteria called Zincimonus or Rizzi. So it lives on rice plants, and it's a major rice pathogen. The way these proteins work is that they're injected by the bacteria that's trying to colonize the plant into the plant cell. And once you get inside, it homes in to the genome of the plant cell, finds the gene, and then starts to turn it on. When it turns it on, it allows the bacteria to, it allows the plant to become more susceptible to the bacterial colonization. And so it allows the bacteria to be able to more successfully survive on this whole plant. So it's a major pathogenic system. But what is really cool about talents or tales is that they recognize DNA in a very programmable fashion. These proteins, they have repeat domains, justizing fingers that form a ray. But individual domains recognize single DNA letters. And so you can find these tail proteins in the bacteria that have 12 or 16 or even 20 different repeats. And so they can recognize long stretches of 12 or 16 or 18 or 20 DNA letters in the plant genome. Plengino is also large. There are sometimes two, three times the size of our genome. So recognizing long sequences is important for achieving precision. And so that was the tail system. So what is really cool is that all the bones who is a researcher in Germany, and also Adam Bogdanova, who is a researcher in Iowa, and I was at the time. They discovered that there is a specific code for how these tail proteins recognize DNA. It turns out that within each one of these repeats, there are two amino acid letters that correspond with a specific DNA letter that it binds to. And so if you take any tail protein and you just dial in different combinations of these two amino acids in each one of the domain, you can specify what DNA sequence this tail protein is able to recognize. So it turns out to be much more easy to use of then-sing fingers. So were you satisfied with that? Or, I mean, obviously you weren't. You were sitting there looking up Wikipedia for what CRISPR is when you heard about it. So something must have said to you, this is good as the talons aren't as much as they're an improvement over zinc fingers. They're still not good enough. Why was that? Why were they not good enough? So zinc fingers were really hard to use. And one way I tried to engineer it, it was very hard, very difficult, almost impossible for just a single researcher to get something that would recognize the DNA sequence that you're trying to get it recognized. So it was very hard to use. Talons, on the other hand, were easier. But the repetitive nature of these proteins made it quite cumbersome to engineer new proteins to recognize the sequence you're trying to edit. So for example, if you wanted to be able to modify a specific gene, it could take you maybe several weeks, or even a couple of months to be able to successfully make one of these tail proteins. And when you do that, usually a work's been not always. And sometimes it's not very effective. Is that because it's so difficult to predict the folding structure of the protein, even if you know it's sequence? Like why would it take that long? It's long because from a technical perspective, these sequences are just very hard to work with. They are very prone to, because they're very similar to each other, they're prone to recombination. So in order to get a tail to work, you have to, in a very precise way, put every dummy in the correct order, because if you're trying to recognize AGTC, you have to put it together, AGTC, you can have AC, GT, it just wouldn't work. So to put repetitive sequences together, and light them up in exactly the order you want, that is really challenging to do. OK. It's possible, but it's very challenging. So it's very interesting. I think it's worth just sort of taking a step back. I mean, if most people can sort of remember that they were thinking 10 years ago, 12, 15 years ago. And the human genome was sequenced nearly 25 years ago. And the promise of gene therapy was sort of hailed as right around the corner. And yet here we are, a decade, more than a decade, after the sequencing of the human genome, and it doesn't appear that gene therapy through gene editing was any closer than it really was from a practical standpoint, a decade earlier. I think that's a bit of a disconnect for people. I think most people, necessarily aren't in a lab, would be surprised to understand that simply knowing what the sequence of genes are. I mean, hey, we've talked about this a lot in the podcast. We still have no idea what most of these genes do anyway. We have no idea why there are coding segments and the majority of the DNA is non-coding segments. And yet some of these non-coding segments are where mutations exist that result in disease. I mean, all the stuff still a bit of a mystery. But here you're sort of getting at this central, or maybe the most important or jugular question, which is, if a person has a disease, like cystic fibrosis, or sickle selenemia, where we really know in unambiguous terms, where on the DNA, where in the gene this lies, where in the DNA, we know what the substitution is. We know which C was turned into a G or a T. And all we need to be able to do is go in there and fix it. That was something we couldn't do 10 years ago. I think for many people that's quite surprising. And I know that that's not the problem you were trying to solve, but it's obviously the world you've created. So let's talk about the steps down that road. So you figure out what CRISPR is. You bring yourself up to the state of our discussion today. What's the next thing? The next thing is a CRISPR? The next thing that you're starting to know pursue, I mean, how are you now going about solving your problem for your good? Because I'm guessing at this point, you're still sort of, like at what point do you realize you're working on a problem that has a far bigger application than just solving your problem? I think pretty quickly, since I started working on gene editing, because the human genome was, the human genome project was completely early 2000s. And with the human genome having been sequenced, and then also with DNA sequencing technology becoming cheaper and faster, scientists were able to start sequence many, many more genomes. And so they can start to make comparisons between healthy individuals and also people who are affected by specific diseases to see what's different between their genomes. And by doing that comparison, they can identify the differences that may be causal for disease. And so, you know, two-date based on genetic analysis, researchers have probably identified more than 5000 genetic mutations that have a direct causative of a real disease. And so these are called genetic diseases. They are usually affecting a small population of individuals that are not as common as things like cancer or diabetes or these, what people call complex or complicated diseases. But nevertheless, these are the ones where we know they exact genetic cause. And so the tantalizing idea is then, if you know the mutation in the genome, why not just going fix it? And so that's where genetic DNA comes in. And people have since the very beginning been trying to realize this idea. They were trying to work on it using make-and-nucleases. They were trying to solve this using seeing finger nucleases. They were certainly trying to use a talent to also treat diseases this way. But the challenge is that they weren't very efficient. And it was also difficult to apply them to be able to treat the disease with sufficient amount of efficacy. When CRISPR came along, especially with Cas9, it was much easier to be able to design strategies to edit DNA. And that made it much more feasible for many, many groups to really start to work on this idea. So, were you finished with your postdoc and now starting your own lab? Yeah, I had just started my lab at MIT. Okay, so you've got how many PhDs in your lab? I probably had maybe 10 PhD students. Okay, and a couple of postdocs to boot. Yeah. And these people have all come to you presumably because they're interested in optogenetics. Yeah, they were interesting of different things. Okay. Yeah. So at what point do you come back into the lab and say I'm gonna hit pause on the optogenetics problem? I'm gonna kind of go down this CRISPR path for a while. I think when I first started my lab, I was already sort of focused on the gene editing process. I see. And so when students came to me, even though they came to me wanting to work out to genetics, I had to convince them that there's this other problem that is also interesting and maybe we can try to work together and make a difference there. And so I started to try to tell them about CRISPR, tell them about gene editing, all the potential applications. All right, so keep going down the story now. So it's the early 2010s, what are the next steps that you take to develop this technology? So when I started the work, so when I first started my lab, I was working on talents. And then very quickly, I had learned about CRISPR and I started to also sort of get CRISPR projects going in the lab. And we worked on both systems for a while at the same time. We pretty quickly realized that talents were difficult to use because of the cumbersome nature of how to make them. And then because of that, the promise of CRISPR was much more apparent. So maybe I'll give another analogy. So we now have a mobile phone and on a phone there are many different apps that help you book trips, that helps you send messages to your friends and family apps that allow you to take photos. You have a phone and a phone can do everything. You just load the app onto it. With talents or zinc fingers, the analogy would be, you have to build a different device for each one of these functions. So for each change, you have to need a different phone for each app. You just have hardware. Yeah, so for every gene or a target, you have to build a brand new protein to be able to target that gene. And that is very cumbersome and not very effective process. With CRISPR, the promise is that CRISPR is like the smartphone. You can load software onto it to recognize different genes. And the software is the CRISPR RNA. These RNAs are very easy to chemically synthesize. And you can define the gene by reading off the sequence of the gene, which is already completed through the human genome project. So all of that was just a step function improved over the zinc finger and talent technology. So anyway, so we realize that if we can make CRISPR work, not only in a bacteria, but put it into a human cell and get it to recognize things, genes in the human cell, then we can have a much more powerful, and much more democratized gene editing system. So what was the breakthrough that I set a breakthroughs that led to the utility of this? And did it start with, let's just silence a gene first? I mean, let's figure out how to go in and with precision bombing, silence one gene was at the first problem before the, let's actually take a strand of novel DNA and put it in. Right, so CRISPR is a natural nucleus. So in bacteria, it uses the guide RNA to recognize the virus DNA. And then once you recognize it, it will cleave the virus DNA. So make a double stranded DNA break. And so that's what we're trying to make happen in the human cell. We try to program Cas9 with a guide RNA to go and recognize the specific gene in a human genome and then we have to cut it. Which is valuable? I mean, there are certain cases where over expression of a gene is pathologic and if we silence a gene, we fix the disease. Exactly. And so there were a lot of studies done on how breaks in a DNA would get repaired. So Maria Jason, Gene Paber, they had studied maybe a couple of decades before that, how DNA repairs would get processed. And so what they found is that when you make a cut in the DNA, so when you make a break, it will activate repair processes in our cell. So in fact, our DNA is getting DNA breaks all the time. And we have a robust process to be able to fix them to improve the mutations. So anyway, so what Maria Jason and Gene Paber found is that if you make a cut in the DNA, that cut will activate one of two different repair processes. The first repair process will glue the DNA together usually correctly, but in a very, very small number of instances, it will introduce a mistake. And that mistake will inactivate the gene. So it will no longer make the protein product that is supposed to make. And this is very useful. If you wanted to inactivate something in the cell, sometimes there are mutations that are deleterious. And if you can inactivate that deleterious mutation, then you can make the cell healthy again. And so that was a very powerful method. The second repair process is called homology-directed repair, HDR. And this relies on a template DNA that carries the sequence they are trying to repair with. And so if you make a cut, and you also provide a template DNA, then the repair process will copy whatever that's on a template into the DNA break site. And this is a more powerful way to be able to change the DNA sequence in the design fashion. Is there a risk when you cut the DNA and it repairs that it repairs in a manner that remains pathologic, even if it's distinct from the path that was already there? It is possible, but the probability is much, much lower. OK. What about kind of the Holy Grail, which is to literally edit a new gene to put something in that didn't exist? What was required to take that leap? Yeah. So there are different ways that you may want to change the DNA sequence. You may want to inactivate something, you may want to delete something, and you may want to insert something. So to do each one of these, you need to have a machinery that will allow you to do that. So the Holy Grail would be to be able to insert a gene into anywhere you want precisely and also very efficiently. And today, that ability is still not quite there yet. We're still working on, and many other groups are working on developing technologies to make that happen with high enough efficiency. We can do it now with very low level, maybe less than a percent, or maybe just single digit percent. But for a big gene that we're trying to put in, we don't have a good way to do that yet. OK. So currently, is it possible to snip DNA anywhere you want with the current technology? Yeah. With CRISPR, we can pretty much target throughout the genome and the M.A. cuts. So what diseases are currently amenable to that type of gene therapy? And we'll put aside the regulatory stuff, which we can talk about. But if we were dealing, if we pretended that humans were laboratory animals, where we could do an experiment and actually do this, what are some of the diseases that we could directly affect in that manner? So there are a lot of genetic diseases where there is a mutation that is pathogenic. Over expression. Well, in this case, over expression, if you want to deactivate it, but some would be under expressive course. Yeah. So these are genes that are usually important for the body, but there's a mutation in it. And that makes the resulting protein, the mutant protein, the deleterious for the patient. And so if you can inactivate these genes, then you can treat these. So for example, there are diseases in the liver, where there are certain proteins that cause embryo doses, and that can lead to serious problems. And so by using CRISPR, you can go in and cleave these genes, inactivate them so that it no longer produce these toxic gene product. Huntington is another example, where there are mutations that are occurring in the gene that makes the gene deleterious. And so if you can go and try to inactivate these deleterious mutations, it may be possible to treat the disease. Is it generally the case that autosomal dominant diseases are an over expression problem, or an expression of something harmful problem, whereas recessive diseases are the opposite, where you tend to not be producing enough or something of that. Is that a, is that a, yeah, it's a really simplistic, but, yeah, if that's a good explanation. So many people are probably familiar with Huntington's, because it is one of the most devastating neurodegenerative diseases imaginable, perhaps second, only two Lou Gehrig's disease or ALS. But unlike ALS, where we don't really know the ideology, we clearly know the ideology of Huntington's disease, which is a gene, right? It's a genetic disease. It's an autosomal dominant gene. And, sadly, it doesn't present until later in life, so many times individuals will pass this gene on prior to the symptoms being manifest, and therefore they go on to suffer the fate of this disease having already passed it on. So what can tell us a little bit about Huntington's disease and why it may or may not be amenable to this type of treatment? So Huntington's disease is caused by mutations in the gene called Huntington, and this is a gene that's expressing the brain. And in mutated form, this gene accrues an expansion of repeat sequences within the gene. And the longer the repeat is, the more deleterious it is for the patient. And so the idea would be to try to shorten these repeats, or maybe if you can reduce the amount of repeat the sequence of the RNA that's expressed, you could also get a cell to be healthier. The challenges are the repeats happen within the coding region of the gene. So the region that is important for making the protein sequence. So in order to make the resulting edit successful, you have to do it very precisely. You cannot delete, you have to delete exactly three letters at a time from the repeat sequence. Otherwise, you will shift the frame. And the gene remind me has how many base pairs? The gene has thousands of base pairs. Okay, so the huge gene. And these repeats can also be several hundred or maybe a thousand repeats long. And so you want to be able to delete them very precisely. So that is one challenge. The other challenge is to be able to deliver the gene editing machine raising to the brain and get to themselves. And there are some virus-based technologies that are coming along, but still we don't have probably the most suitable method yet. So let's talk about delivery a little bit. How do you do this? So we now have this idea, hopefully people can wrap their head around this somewhat challenging idea of what CRISPR is. And maybe we can again just sort of summarize it, right? You have a CRISPR vehicle, right? It would be a Cas9 protein. And you also have a guide RNA that is made up of both the piece that you actually want to put in, wrapped around another sort of tracer piece that holds it firmly in the Cas9 protein. That Cas9 protein, by the way, does it require its own helicase to open it? No, it can do it itself. Beautiful. So it's a one-man shop that runs up the host DNA opening it and waiting to find its match. And it waits and waits and then it finds its match, holds the strands of DNA at the Cas9 and then clip. And obviously, if you then put in something, you can sort of, so how do you actually deliver the Cas9 protein to an individual? Right, so that is really the big challenge. So right now, there are clinical applications of CRISPR for treating different diseases. Diseasing the blood like sickosell disease or disease in the liver, disease in the eye and many other places. And so depending on where you're trying to deliver CRISPR into, there are different technologies that people use. So let's take the, maybe the simplest might be in the blood. OK, so tell people what sickle cell anemia is and why it's amenable to this type of therapy. Right, so sickle cell anemia is caused by a mutation that causes the blood cell to sickle. So they form a sickle form. And so they are not able to sort of, you know, property function and sometimes they can aggregate and then this can cause occlusion in the blood vessel and can cause serious problems. And so these replicials are made by progenitor or stem cells in the body that produce these replicials. And so one idea for treatment. And it's a simple mutation. It's a simple, it's a single point mutation. That changes one amino acid. That's right. One amino acid based on one base pair of chains. Can't remember what it is. It's an alanine to a glycine or something. It's quite trivial. Yeah. Is what leads to all of this bad, this downstream badness you talk about. But now, so current treatment for these patients is blood transfusions. I mean, it's an awful disease. And these patients experience an unbearable pain. As an aside, some might ask, why does this disease exist? Why didn't Darwin get rid of this? Well, it turns out there's an advantage to having the trait. For malaria. Right. So it turns out that if you have one copy of the sickle gene and the other one is normal, you have normal looking red blood cells. You don't get the disease, but you actually get protection, as you said, from malaria. So that would keep this propagating, particularly in a malaria rich area like Africa. This is why it's much more prevalent in a black population than a white population, because it offered some benefit. But if you have two copies of the gene, you get the sickling. Those are not the people that are passing on their genes historically. They would have perished before reproduction. And also just perished in a great deal of pain. But nevertheless, here we are today. So OK, you have to be able to go into the bone marrow to make this change, because there's no point in doing this if you have to do this every week. You want to do it one and done, right? On the right. Yeah. So one of the promises of gene editing is that it can provide a single treatment that is a cure for the disease. And so in the case of sickle cell, what happens is that the doctor will mobilize the stem cells, the bone marrow cells from the patient, get them to come out and be able to harvest these bone marrow cells. And they don't necessarily do this with a bone marrow as per it, they do it by giving them medications that cause them to secrete more progenitor cells into the plasma. That's right. This is the current zirpractice in the medical field. OK. And so they will get the patient harvest their bone marrow cells. And these cells are going to be sort of modified in the laboratory where researchers will take the RNA, the messenger RNA, for Cas9. So this will allow the cell to produce the Cas9 protein. And they will also take the Gaid RNA. Maybe just tell folks really quickly sorry to interrupt you, fun. But maybe just explain really quickly for people the relationship of doing DNA, RNA, messenger RNA, protein. It's the central dogma. But that way, when you say what you're about to say, they'll know why it works. Yeah. So there are different ways to get a protein to the cell. And the way that proteins are made in the cell is that they're encoded in DNA. And the DNA has to be transcribed into messenger RNA. And that RNA is then translated by the ribosome into the protein. And so if you can put into a cell, either the DNA the gene for Cas9 or the messenger RNA for Cas9 or the protein for Cas9, the cell will eventually have Cas9. Because if you put in the DNA, the cell will start to make mRNA based on it. And then mRNA will get translated into the protein. Or if you put in mRNA, But how do you put it in the DNA? Isn't that the whole problem that we're trying to solve? Right. So there are different ways to put these things in. So for DNA, you can just use a virus. If you're working with cells in the petri dish, you can directly elect to operate the DNA into the cell. And this is done by zapping the cell with the electrical current. It will rupture the membrane. When the membrane ruptures, things can be can. So you can't DNA the cell cell. When the cell membrane ruptures, the DNA that's outside the cell will flow into the inside the cell and get into the cell. And this is actually how people treat psychosalt disease. Except they're not putting DNA into the cell. They're putting mRNA. So they incubate these bone marrow stem cells that have the psychosalt mutation in the bath of mRNA for Cas9 and the guide RNA. And the guide RNA. And the separate. These are separate. OK. Separate. And it's amazing that once those cells acquire both the mRNA for Cas9 and the mRNA that is called the RNA. Yeah. It will translate into a Cas9 protein. Yes. It doesn't translate guide RNA into a protein. It just stays there and they find each other. That's right. And again, it is so remarkable to me that biology, it's so remarkable to me that anything works in this universe. But that's up there is one of those things that kind of just amazing. Well, this is really the result of the biotechnology revolution, the molecular biology discoveries that have really under to repay the biotechnology revolution. And now what is the efficiency of that process? So once you go ahead and put those two bits of very different RNA into the proximity of these bone marrow cells, this can be quite efficient. So in the laboratory or in these petri-dish settings, this can be approaching 100%. OK. So now within a very short period of time, you have cut out and also reinserted the, it's just a single base pair. So what are they doing? What's the exact thing you're asking Cas9 to do here? Actually, for a single cell, the treatment that has recently been approved in the last year is actually different. OK. And the way the treatment works is that for sickle cell patients, it's been found that for some individuals who have the sickle cell mutation, if they also carry another mutation, or if they somehow is able to express the fetal version of hemoglobin, then their sickle cell symptoms are much, much less. And so for treating sickle cell patients with geneticity, the therapy actually goes and modifies a different gene, sort of modulates this expression to then allow the fetal hemoglobin gene to turn on. And why is that in easier solution than simply changing the 1 amino acid that's broken in the first place? Because the way it works is that it simply makes a cut. And it doesn't be fire. It doesn't have a change here. That's right. I see. So we're still at the point where in vitro, we're still better off with a cleavage, just a straight cut of the DNA, then even a single base pair switch to fix one amino acid. That latter is a harder problem. The latter is a harder problem, but there's also very good progress on that front. So for example, David Liu developed a methodology. Yeah, also. Yeah. Is a colleague of mine, and he developed a technology called base editing. And base editing allows you to use Cas9. You get rid of the DNA cleaving activity of Cas9. And so it simply goes and binds to the DNA. So you use it as kind of a guidance system to direct a different enzyme, cut of the aminoates, and to be able to go and chemically modify a single base. It's amazing to me, Fung, that that is easier than what we just wish we could do, which is change that C to a G. Take out the C, make it a G. And that will give me the amino acid. I want the fact that we're chemically having to modify it with a Daminase. What do you think is necessary to take this next? Because we've already had, as you described, that a big step function from where we were 10 years ago. What's going to be required for the next step function, for the science fiction to start? Yeah. So I think this really goes back to the vision of genetic medicine. Genetic medicine is very powerful. CRISPR is a part of it. But it is really a two component system. There is the medicine itself, and there's also the delivery technology. So you have the right vehicle for delivery and the right payload to be able to treat the disease in the right cell. And we're limited more on the delivery than they are. So the payload technology has come a long way. No, we now have mRNA. We have Cas9. We have base editing. We have prime editing. We have a lot of different types of editing technology. And even epigenetic editing. But the bottleneck is how do we put these really powerful payloads into the right cells, in the right tissue, in the body? Say those again, what were our tools Cas9 base per editing? Yeah, we have Cas9. We have base editing. We have prime editing. We have different recommended phases. We have epigenetic modifiers that also are based on Cas9. We have mRNA. We have SIRNA. We have a lot of different things that can modulate in modified cells. Yeah, I want to actually come back and talk about the epigenetic modification using Cas9. So it's not a payload problem. It's a delivery problem. And it's also a biological problem. Right, because many diseases will not be amenable to this. So I'm sure everybody thinks, well, Peter, we've heard you say that cancer is a genetic disease. Does that mean that once we solve the delivery problem, we solve cancer? Why is that not necessarily true? And that is because cancer is caused by many different risk mutations in the cell. And so it's difficult to treat cancer by correcting the mutation. Because you really have to be able to correct at a very, very high efficiency. If you have a few cells, a few cancer cells that have not been corrected, those cells will continue to divide and replicate in form tumors and even massacize. And so that is really challenging. But the people are using gene editing in their cancer therapeutic context. What they're doing is that they are using gene editing to engineer immune cells so that the immune cells are more potent and recognizing a killing cancer cells. And this is part of what's called immunotherapy. Everybody's talking about AI. Does AI enable this any better on either side, on the payload side, or on the delivery side? AI is very powerful for protein engineering. In the past few years, there's been amazing breakthrough in the use of AI for predicting protein structures. Each protein is made of a unique sequence of immunosensis. And the unique sequence allows the protein to fold into a specific shape. And one of the holy grail problems for a long time has been how do you take just the letters of a protein and predict what the shape of the protein looks like? And this is something that many may scientists have worked out for a long time, but hasn't been able to come up with a good solution. But it was really in 2021, the use of AI by this group called DeepMind that was able to come up with a solution called AlphaFo2. And AlphaFo2 is an AI-based system that has learned from all of the structures that the protein is that scientists have experimentally determined. And when they solved those structures, there's a huge database at them. And they were able to use AI to look at all of them and learn from that large database to then come up with a prediction system called AlphaFo2. Yeah, I mean, it's amazing to me. Maybe just explain to people again. So let's pick a pick your favorite protein. How many amino acids are in the primary sequence? We can pick the green-fly simplicity from jellyfish. Maybe 300 amino acids. 300. It's a relatively small protein. Yeah. OK. So it has a primary structure, which is like what are the actual amino acids? Right. It has a secondary structure, which is like, well, when does it actually form a helix? When does it form a sheet? It has a tertiary structure, which is kind of like how it starts to bend. And then it has this quaternary structure, which is how the whole thing fits together. It's complicated three-dimensional folds. Exactly. What you said a moment ago is if a scientist wants to make a protein, and they know what it needs to look like, they kind of know what the quaternary structure is. Like, I got to get this protein. I got to design a molecule that fits in that receptor. It's almost a trial and error problem to go from the primary sequence to that. You're saying that AI is really good at doing this thing where it knows the relationship between primary sequence and final quaternary structure. Is that just literally linear regression at a level we've never understood it because humans can't do it? But is it basically just solving the world's most complicated linear regression problem? I think at a very fundamental level that is what is happening. But the human brain we can't process so much data, very effective, but you can have these masses, that's where that can really process this. Let's go back to animal models for a moment. You touched briefly on the idea of a transgenic mouse. And again, people who have listened to this podcast for years are no stranger to the transgenic mouse. So many amazing breakthroughs in science have come through these. And frankly, just through genetic understanding of mice, making changes to a mouse gene, we recently had Dina Dubal on the podcast. We talked about Clotho to me one of the interesting proteins out there. And of course, we learned the story of how Clotho came about. And it, you know, silencing a gene, found this thing, overexpress the gene, found this thing. Okay, how this CRISPR enabled that today has it changed the ability of people working on totally other problems to get their quicker using laboratory animals. Right, so the transgenic mouse technology really revolutionized biology. And when the transgenic mouse technology was developed, the way it worked is that you would start with stem cells for mice. You would modify these stem cells. And you put the stem cells back into a embryo. And then you transplant the embryo into a mouse so that embryo can develop into a full in developing the feeders and then the newborn as a new mouse. That is a very long process. And the one stem mouse is born, usually that mouse does not have 100% of that genetic modification. So the mouse is called a mosaic. And then you have to take that mouse and breed the mouse again with another mouse and hoping that... That the mosaic part is the one that gets expressed. And you basically try to concentrate the mosaic portion of it. Exactly. So we use this methodology. It can take probably a year or maybe even longer to be able to generate a specific transgenic mouse. So you used to take a long time to do this. But now with CRISPR technology, what people can do is they can directly inject the gene editing, cast nine, and guide our name into a embryo, into a single cell embryo, and the modified there. So again, this is so brilliant because we can't do this in humans, of course. I mean, we could, but that's a whole ethical discussion we should talk about. But we can directly do this. So we can make a transgenic mouse in one go. Exactly. So the mouse gestation period is 21 days. So after 21 days you have a transgenic mouse. What has this done to the field of biomedical research? It has accelerated biomedical research dramatically. So imagine yourself as a graduate student, and usually a PhD will take five years. If it takes you a lot of time, is the road work of transfecting mice and waiting for, yeah. Yeah. So if you have the way two years to get a mouse, so that you can begin your experiment. That is a long time. So now with CRISPR, or gene editing, you can get a mouse in two, three months. So let's play devil's advocate for a moment. When you did your PhD, you had to slog through the old fashion way. Were there hidden benefits of that? In other words, that it give you more time to read, more time to be curious, more time to fail. Again, it's a tangential discussion, but do you worry that with this remarkable precision tool that budding scientists are missing out on an experience that you and your entire generation and everyone before you had? Or do you think that that's a relatively small price to pay for the pace of development? I'm not too concerned about it. I think if we can accelerate the accumulation of knowledge, the acquisition of data, I think that will really help science move a lot faster. I think in the future, especially with higher throughput technologies, CRISPR, DNA sequencing, and many other things, together, we're going to be accumulating new data for biology at an exponential pace. And we're not only going to be relying on our own ability to analyze data, but we're going to have AI to help us. These large systems that can draw much, much larger regression analysis. And with that, I think biology, discovery, and disease treatment development will really accelerate. I think that's a really exciting future. Now, we've talked a lot about Cas9, but you've also specifically done quite a lot with another CRISPR associated protein called Cas13. What's the difference? And how does this potentially impact future work? Sure. CRISPR is a bacterial immune system, and there are many, many different types of CRISPR. And so in nature, bacteria are invaded by DNA viruses, by RNA viruses, all sorts of different viruses. Cas9 protects bacteria against DNA viruses. But then there also needs to be a CRISPR system that protects against RNA viruses. So Cas13 is the RNA analog of Cas9. It uses a guide RNA to recognize the RNA virus and then cleave the RNA genome. And what is really interesting about Cas13 is that unlike Cas9, it not only cleaves the recognize RNA, but once it recognizes a piece of RNA, it also turns on almost a suicidal function. It goes and cleaves any other RNA that's in the bacterial cell. And so in the infection cycle, you can think of this as a altruistic sort of system, when the Cas13 recognizes myself, has been affected by RNA virus, I would have shot myself down, killed itself, and saved the population. So hang on, why is that the case? If we, so why does this cell not choose to do that with the DNA virus? Are RNA viruses necessarily more lethal to bacteria? RNA is usually more abundant. And so usually there are many many, once the RNA gets produced, there are many copies. And so it's difficult to shut out every single copy of RNA. What is what DNA there is usually just one copy of DNA, saving a shut it down. So when a DNA virus infects a bacteria, so again, let's just talk about a very specific bacteria phase latches on the outside of an e-coli, it's going to shoot in the DNA. We've already talked at length about how that works and the role Cas9 plays in that. When a different bacterial phase comes along, you're saying it inserts a lot of RNA. No, so we're just the RNA replicates much quicker. RNA replicates quicker. Okay, so it inserts a small amount of RNA, but remind me why a small amount of RNA will be amplified much quicker than a small amount of DNA is it because it's one step less. It's already made to go in front of the translating ribosome. Exactly. Because DNA has to go to RNA to make protein. Makes sense. That go back to make DNA. So you're saying Cas 13 also has a suicide feature. And this suicide feature is actually quite useful for developing diagnostic technologies. And so especially during COVID, we use Cas 13 to develop a way to detect coronavirus RNA. And to provide it a way to have a simple and rapid detection method. So, same more about that. Was that really the first application? That was the first application. One of the first applications. How would that have been done before? And what was the speed and accuracy of it being done in that way? Right. So, so the most widespread method for diagnostic is using PCR. Yes. So it checks for the nucleic acid sequence. But PCR is a laboratory based test. It requires a machine called a PCR machine. Which is complicated to run. And you have to be in a laboratory environment to go through the test. What Cas 13 provided is something that's more similar to an antigen test where you can run it at a point of care or even potentially at home. And it was simply required to take a swab to have the sample. It makes the sample into a buffer. And then Cas 13 would react in that buffer to be able to detect a virus sequence. Then you load it onto a paper strip. It will run. And then you see whether or not a band shows up. Okay. When we think now about gene editing going forward. And again, we've already established that the payload is not the problem. It's the targeting and the delivery. What are the relative advantages and disadvantages of Cas 9 versus Cas 13? And are there other Cas or CRISPR-associated proteins out there that might even be better than both of them? Sure. So, so Cas 9 and Cas 13 both have therapeutic applications. But one of the challenge is that they are large proteins. Cas 9 is 1,300 amino acids long. And Cas 13's are usually around 1,000 amino acids long. So they're fairly large proteins. And how long was Cas 9? 1,300 amino acids. And so in order to get Cas 9 into a cell, you have to be able to fit Cas 9 and the guide RNA into your delivery system. And if you're using viral vectors to deliver, they are usually very compact. And you can barely fit Cas 9. So then the nice thing is what if you have something that's smaller. And so we have also many other groups have worked on trying to discover new proteins that are more compact and more easily packageable. And there are some out there, but sometimes and usually they're not as specific or not as active as Cas 9. And so they're trade-offs to using some of those systems. And we're working on engineering them. And there's a lot of good progress turning those systems into a specific and the comparably active systems as Cas 9. So what would be, if you could wave a magic one, how big a Cas protein would you tolerate such that your Cas protein plus your guide RNA would easily fit into your delivery vehicle? Would you want to be half that size? And be 500 amino acids, do you need to be smaller than that? If you could shrink it down to 1000 base pairs, so 300 amino acids. That would be ideal. But I think that's challenging to do. Yeah, and let's maybe make sure I understand why, right? You're saying, look at the end of the day, I need a protein that has the structural integrity to hold the guide RNA in a place. Make its way down into the nucleus, open up the DNA. So it's basically two enzymes. It's a helicase and nucleicase. That nucleus. And it has to be able to march along the DNA, recognize while holding, you know, it's just, again, it's a mechanical problem if you really stop to think about it just on the smallest level. And then hold, cut, boom, insert eventually. And you're saying at some point, we just about the limits of physics. Like I need a certain amount of amino acids to make that structure. But it sounds to me like you're saying, you don't believe that that exists in protein. In exists in nature, you're not out there looking for a 300 amino acid Cas protein anymore. You're now going to say, let's use AI to help us build one. Well, there are natural forms of proteins that are small and are like Cas9. Oh, okay. In fact, in one of our projects trying to look for a small Cas9, we thought, let's look at the evolutionary origin of where Cas9 came from. And by tracing the evolutionary history of Cas9, we found that there is a very large family of protein called ISCB. That is the ancestral form of Cas9. ISCB is a very small protein. It's only about 450 amino acids. So it's about a third of the size of Cas9. And it does exactly what Cas9 does. It's got a helicase activity. It's got nucleos domains. And it also works with the RNA guide to recognize and cleave the DNA. But what is different between ISCB and Cas9 is that the guide RNA for ISCB is much much larger. So you're using it here and you got a PayPal. Exactly. And an RNA is not as stable, not as robust. It's more prone to degradation. Yeah, you don't want to go any bigger on guide RNA. Right. Yeah. So you need to best of both worlds. You need a Cas associated protein that is small. And you want to be able to keep the guide RNA small. Small. Right. That's a whole detail. Okay. And is it your prediction that that will have to be developed synthetically? I think through engineering. So it's not clear that such a compact system has been developed by a nature. But we can start from the shares Cas9 or ISCB as a scaffold and then begin to engineer. So what kind of race is on for that? Because I can't even fathom the commercial value of that. If there was a new protein called the Cas Alpha or Cas Omega, whatever, the synthetic version that was small enough to now easily deliver payload. This is a trillion dollar product. A lot of people are working on it. I think it's certainly going to be very, very useful. Is the lion's share of this work being done in universities? Or is it being done inside a biotech companies? Is that as in both places now? Yeah. Is this one of the biggest races going on in CRISPR biology today? I'm not sure this is the biggest race. I mean, there are a lot of other capabilities that we want to realize. Okay. For example, how do insert large genes into the genome precisely and efficiently? I think that is just as important for problem. Cas9, even though it's large, we can deliver it to some cells already. And so there's already. In vivo or only in VTVVVV? In vivo? What cells can be delivered in vivo using Cas9 currently? So liver? Okay. Yeah, liver is a place where we can use lippin' and oparticles to deliver Cas9 in guide into. You know, the co-wave vaccine is made using MRNA and lippin' and oparticle. And so it's a very similar approach where you formulate these lippis with the Cas9 and MRNA and guide RNA. And what is it about the liver that makes it amenable to a lippin' and oparticle? Lippin' there's a lot of lippin' recycling happening in the liver. And so we have a lippin' and oparticle. They get bound by these recycling proteins and they get taken up. Interesting. And this is, does it matter the manner in which it's given, intravenous, intramuscular, does it do all lipid nanoparticles and up there provided they're not ingested orally and presumably digested? A lot of it goes to liver. Yeah. Yeah. Because liver also, it's one of areas in our body that fills your out of the toxins. Yeah. And so everything gets trapped there. So in other words, if you were thinking about one of the rare inborn diseases of metabolism, these are the really rare diseases where children are born without a particular enzyme that allows them to be their metabolizes of a certain protein or glucose even for that matter. Do we think that we're on the cusp of being able to use, I don't want to suggest that Cas9 is primitive, but in the context of our discussion, we've realized it has some limitations. But do we think that the CRISPR Cas9 system is already good enough and sufficient to cure some of those diseases? For some of them, potentially, it will depend on a mutation whether or not we can use Cas9 or base-editing or primatiting to be able to fix the mutation. You have to figure out the payload problem. Right. And yeah. Yep. Okay. But if you're in the liver and it can be addressed by targeting a pathocytes in the liver, then the delivery problem is already sort of addressable. Okay. What about genetic diseases of the eye? That's also a place that's easy to reach. And you don't require systemic administration. What are the genetic conditions of the eye that might be amenable to this treatment as it stands today? Yeah. There are different eye diseases that are affected by single gene mutations. For example, LCA-10 is one of the eye diseases that there's already been a clinical CRISPR strategy being developed for. The way that these diseases in the eye are treated is by designing Cas9 and a guide RNA to be able to sort of knock out the gene that is causing degenerative conditions in the eye. And using a viral vector to deliver the Cas9 gene and also the guide RNA into a peculiarity into the patient. And so once the virus gets into the cells in the eye, they will make Cas9 and make the guide RNA. And then that will carry out the modification. So in that sense, it's a bit of the old meets the new, right? You're taking the oldest trick in the book that was the original original gene therapy, vehicle, the virus, and you're combining it with a far smarter payload, which is Cas9 and Guard guide RNA. Right. How are those where are those where do these stand in clinical trials right now? So the liver and the eye, which would obviously be the, you know, leading edge of this. Yeah. So the eye is the first place where in the US, a gene therapy was developed and approved. And so this is a draw called Lax Turner. And Lax Turner puts a gene into the eye to be able to treat the disease called LCA2. And so basically the virus provides a gene that is missing in the cells in the eye. And that is able to allow the patients to regain some licens of the ability. And so that was the first gene therapy. And these are patients that are completely blind without it. That's right. And then how much light sensitivity do they get once this gene is inserted? They get some so that they can kind of move around in the room with large obstacles. Wow. Yeah. And this is all done just through a single injection in the eye. A single injection. Wow. What are other ocular targets? So LCA10 is another one. That is being developed by Edith Hoss Medicine. And the way this disease is sort of developed is that there is a mutation that causes degeneration in the eye. And the idea is to use Cas9. Use the same viral vithur system to deliver into the eye. And have Cas9 inactivate this mutant gene so that it can slow down or stop degeneration. So LCA2 you have to put an active gene in that was missing. LCA was at 9, 12, 10. You have to deactivate a gene. That's right. Okay. And how where is that in clinical trials? What phases is that in? So it was through phase one too. I think there was there was the efficacy in phase two. There was some efficacy. What's the phenotype of this patient without gene therapy? Is it total blindness? Is it also blindness or deteriorating vision? So blind by what age? How do you 30s? Okay. Wow. Yeah. And then what did the phase two find how much I say where they were able to restore? They found that there's something to prove me of vision. But I think it was in Izobas as they had a four. Okay. Why do you think that is? Why do you think that these therapies are not fully restoring vision? In the case of the LCA, too, is it because by the time you treat these people, the neuroplasticity part of it has lost its window of development. In other words, is the problem that if you treat these people late in life, the part of the brain that receives the visual signal isn't developed or is it literally that we're just not fixing this in the right. Okay. You know, the red light doesn't regenerate. And so you have to be able to deal with, it's a vis-a-raided degenerating. You have to deal with what is what is left in the red. And so what you can restore is really kept by whatever that's already left there. And plus there's also any efficiencies in the delivery systems. You're not restoring 100% of the cells. And if you're layering on gene editing on top of it, which also has some sort of less than 100% efficiency, when you multiply that all together, that's why you're not getting sort of full restoration. So what would have to be true to fully restore vision in those patients? What set of things would have to be true therapeutically? I think it's only very hard to fully restore vision. So if you really want to fully restore vision, you probably have to regenerate the red light. So you have to replenish cells that are missing. Could that be done epigenetically? What do we know about the epigenome of the retina in the adult versus the infant? And do we know that if we could simultaneously, or even in two treatments, correct the genetic defect, but then return the epigenome to the milieu of embryogenesis, or early life, could that fix the problem? Could potentially work, although this is not my expertise, so I don't know all the processes involved there. But if you can recapitulate development in the eye, and allow cells to sort of redevelop the retina as it was developing in trained development, then potentially you can regenerate the eye. On the side of the liver, what has been the success rate of the Cas9 delivery system there? Or the lipid nanoparticle delivering the Cas9 payload to be more exact? The liver is quite robust. You can part of you get 80% in the liver. And that's sufficient to correct certainly any under expression, right? Right, right. In the liver, there's also an interesting development where scientists are trying to target a gene called PCSK9 to be the treat cardiovascular disease. And the idea there is, so they're going to use a lipid nanoparticle to put into, you're going to put in a new PCSK9 gene that's inactive, or you're just going to deliver a vehicle that paralyzes PCSK9. Yeah, the strategy is to paralyze PCSK9, so that you can inactive a PCSK9 and then reduce cholesterol. Any idea how much a treatment like that would cost? I don't know. I think initially it may be tens of thousand dollars. Well, to be honest, that would be really cheap because the drug that inhibits PCSK9 inhibitor and there were three of them out there. You know, these are when they came out, they were $15,000 a year drug. Now they're $6,000 a year drugs. And yeah, so call it $10,000 a year as the current drug costs. So you're saying that $50,000 or maybe that much more. Again, still relatively inexpensive compared to the whole thing to a lifetime of therapy. But are they trying, I mean, is there any particular reason it costs that much? If you actually just look at the drug and don't try to bake in the cost of the last 10 years of developing it? And if a company to launch, if a company today came along and said, I'm interested in developing a drug that one and done treats PCSK9 and lowers LDL cholesterol. And definitely how much would it actually cost to make that drug under GMP conditions at scale? Yeah, I don't know the exact cost of good, but it's probably much lower than that. But in order to get to that, we need to get the processes developed. And so I think over time, we're definitely going to be able to get down the cost. You know, MR, large scale MR and a production, large scale formulation of nanoparticles. I think those are the processes that people are making really good progress on. So what is driving the cost right now? What is making it expensive today? I think there are a lot of factors, including development cost and also the fact that these drugs is the first time developing these modalities of drugs. And so the manufacturing processes are new to get developed. And and what specifically is it? Is it that we're now? I mean, presumably we're just making synthetic cast nine and cast 13 all day long, right? In the laboratory at laboratory scale, I bet, but I'm not sure you're not. Right. Okay. Well, I mean, so you make your own cast nine and cast 13 in your lab. We do. Okay. Yeah, we do. You can also buy it from commercial companies, but the scale is usually for laboratory use. If you think about Amales is 10 grams, a human can be in a 40 kilograms. So so that that's, you know, a thousand times larger in body weight. So you need a thousand times more material. And I think it's developing the process to scale that to that level, to be the treat human beings. And that is where the expensive process is. Is there any foundational roadblock to doing this? Or is it simply just more like, you know, if we think about again, like, is there a Moore's law aspect to this where it's just going to get significantly cheaper over time in the same way that transistors just get significantly cheaper over time? I'm not an expert on this, but but I think there would definitely be efficiency from scale. Is it my way processes from making these RNAs is getting much better? Sure, it is improving. So all those things, I think, they will compound and that will result in significant cost reduction. How much do you follow slash pay attention to sort of the regulation of gene editing? I know that gosh, sometime in the last six, seven years, there was a very controversial case in China with a scientist who had, it seems somewhat nefariously from my reading of the story, edited the embryos of kids to render them on the surface. This sounds like a great idea, but rendered immune to HIV and I believe one of their parents was HIV positive. This was an IVF case, but it turned out that there was an enormous amount of backlash from the scientific and medical community because I guess one, he did it without the full consent of the medical community and also the belief that you actually didn't, the risk of transmission of HIV was quite low to the child in the first place. Can you say more about that case in particular and then also what the current state of the genetic manipulation is from a sort of ethical legal standpoint? Right, so this was back in 2018. So there was a couple who wanted to have children. The father was HIV positive and so they wanted to make sure that their children are not in fact the way HIV. And so scientists made a mutation in the embryos that is called CCR5. And the CCR5 mutation is an actually a cream mutation in the human population. Single digit percent of individuals carried this mutation and these individuals are naturally immune to HIV infection because they don't have this genetic gene mutation. Right, they don't have this specific protein on a surface to allow HIV to bind and insert a cell. And so the scientists edited the embryo human embryo to remove this CCR5 gene. But it turned out that that edit wasn't complete. Like earlier with the homozyacism, so the result of his edit was actually two girls who were muzyaks for the CCR5 mutation. And so anyway, so the editing happened and embryos were implanted in the mother and carried to turn. And so two baby girls were born. And when the genetics of these baby girls were analyzed, it turned out that they were hiding muzyaks, suggesting that editing wasn't very efficient. And the edit was done at how many cells in theory was it one? I don't know exactly how many cells, but very early on, plus post-ferralization. But to have guaranteed no muzyacism, would this edit, would you need to do this edit at a single cell? And then proliferate only that cell, discard the rest of the blastocytes. Right, that you think that's the way to do it. And do we know what this person did? I don't know exactly how much of the technical details were released. Okay, so these girls are born muzyac, but what's their phenotype? Where they're spec to CCR5? So they are, so some of their immune cells have CCR5 and some don't. So that means that they can be affected by HIV for those cells that RCC are positive. But it probably means that they'll never die of AIDS because they will always maintain a population of T cells that are not susceptible. Mean, they'll not be able to get. They could be HIV infected, but they'll never have a T cell level that falls so low that they're maybe, yeah, their CD4 count gets below whatever the threshold is for AIDS. Right. Okay, but the world really responded harshly to this, correct? Correct, that's right. Okay, so what was the, what was the fallout for this scientist? So the, the reason that there was a huge backlash is because there really wasn't any, there's no medical need to do this. Right, yeah. That's right, it's not justified. Yeah. And so, so, so the scientific and also medical community were were really sort of, they, everyone voiced their concern about this ethical issue that that just occurred. And I think the scientist was put under house arrest for a while. And, and this incident also really motivated much more sort of ethical discussions around genetic there was, I think it was such a before, but it really sort of focused the issue. And there were multiple working groups that were established, multinational working groups between the different national economies US China, UK, as well as the WHO had several working groups. And I think in the US there is legal regulation that prevents a germline modification, but it's certainly not the case internationally. And so, what do you think is being worked on outside of the US in places where there's no regulation with respect to germline mutation? So for example, are people trying to basically say, look, we're going to get rid of APOE for isiform and make it APOE 3 or 2 isiform? I mean, what is the extent or ambition of people? Are we going to delete LPA genes so that there's no LPA little AFEN. It's time to make a case that a lot of these things would you need directionally improve human health? What are people working on? And then let's talk a little bit about the ethics. Yeah, I don't know what is happening internationally because there isn't people are not publicizing their work. But I think what is no is that there is international consensus that we don't want to do these types of embryo germline editing right now. Even for things where it really matters. So the APOE 4 and the LPA don't, you don't have to do that. But what about Huntington's? What about inbornaires of metabolism where children are going to probably die during infancy? System fibrosis. Things from which we have no viable treatments. Is the international consensus still that this type of gene editing will not be pursued? I think there's a lot of discussion going on. So it's certainly not a settled issue. But what I think scientists have all come to terms with is that the technology still needs much more validation and development before is ready for application in this germline editing setting. The efficiency, the specificity, both in YouTube be optimized further in order for for there to be any chance of a germline therapy having the intended effect. Yeah. And how much of that do you think is the main reason for the hesitation here? Versus the slippery slope argument which says yes of course those applications are absolutely worth pursuing. But if we do that how far are we from doing APOE 4 which may be a little bit gray. And then what about identifying genes that are frankly not remotely related to lifespan or medical necessity but instead relate to kind of the stuff that people talk about in science fiction. Hey, this is a gene that might make my kid a little bit taller. This is a gene that relates to intelligence or some other physical characteristic that is completely irrelevant to their health. I mean, which is it more about this is dangerous? We don't know how to do it or even if we figure this out, we don't want to open up a Pandora's box. I think this is very much the debate that's happening right now. There are patient groups who are advocates for using this using gene editing in a germline setting to treat disease. Assuming the technology is safe and efficacious then we should do it because it will alleviate suffering. So there is that argument. There are also people arguing the slippery slope argument which is if we allow for X and Y then eventually we're going to be getting into uncharted territories with designer babies and so forth. So that is very much the debate that's happening. And I think while that debate is happening I think it's important to recognize that science is also progressing other fronts. There are likely advances in science that will achieve the same outcome without having to edit the genes. And so all those things are think are a competition with each other in the ethical debate. And that's why this is such a complicated issue. You're one of three or four people on the planet who not only know more about this technology but have been personally responsible for it. As such I can't imagine you get to sit quietly during these debates even though you're not an ethicist or a philosopher. Sure people want to understand what you think. So how do you think about this? Not from a technical standpoint which will continue to talk about in a minute but from an ethical standpoint where do you think the line should be drawn in what we as a scientific or medical community permit with respect to gene editing in the germline which is obviously the area where I guess we should have made that point a little more clear the outset. We're talking about making an edit that will persist in perpetuity. Yeah I've thought about this issue a lot and I think the things that are are very easy to agree on is that if there is obvious and an important medical benefit. So especially for environmental errors and metabolism or other non genetic mutations if the technology is there I think is something that is definitely doable and I think it's okay to to improve the lives of those patients. Is that a mainstream view or do you think that there is still a lot in the establishment who have not come around to that yet because of this slippery slope argument? There are certainly people who have not come around to that. Okay and I think we're making decisions like that when making a medical decision like that it's also important to consider what other alternative methods there may be. For example pre-implantation genetic testing is another method where you might be the screen out embryos that have those mutation. Which for IVF we certainly can obviously for IVF all of those diseases can be checked. So then it gets to maybe a more complicated question which is is there a role for genetic engineering within well within in utero for example? Yeah or is that just so technically challenging that it's much easier to focus on just the IVF side of things? So certainly on the disease treatment, managing age and age disorder IVF I think that that is probably the most likely application further down the road. There are some obstacles to solve. While we don't really understand biology enough so if you wanted to make your kid 30 IQ points smarter nobody knows how to do that. We don't really know how to do that and so the biology needs to catch up. But I do think that I society can use a develop if the science is there and the technology is also there I think people will opt to do that and of course you consider whether or not they're other. Sorry meaning let's just assume and by the way I think this is personally you know fun. My view is I think these problems are way harder than people think. I think these polygenic nuanced traits like intelligence, athletic performance, resilience, happiness, all of those things I think are infinitely more complicated than we believe and probably just as environmental as they are genetic. So even if you give somebody the right genetic template if they're not in the right environmental surrounding they won't necessarily even develop the way you hope. Absolutely. And you you might give somebody 30 more IQ points. It doesn't translate to a person being demonstrably more intelligent if they aren't in the right environment. So that's my prediction is that that stuff is way way way harder and the biology is it's more complicated than anybody on the than any lay person is thinking about. And also another thing is in the biology has a lot of compensation. You might make some mutations that make the person smarter but that could also increase cancer risk or impair athletic capability. Or you know make a person live shorter. Those complicated trade-offs are things that I think people maybe don't fully appreciate. Yeah for me it's I don't know. I think there's a reason I'm not an ethicist because I tend to think about things quite. Things seem much more obvious to me sometimes which means I'm probably not a nuanced enough thinker on these on these regards but you know when it comes to a disease that's going to kill you with no other treatment it seems like a no brainer genetic editing and genetic engineering should absolutely be considered a part of the equation. At the other end of the spectrum when it things when we're talking about things that are truly superfluous like intelligence, high athletic performance, eye color, any sort of trait those seem clearly like a horrible reason not for the ethical reasons like what does that say about disparity forget all that. It's the reasons you just said we have no idea how complicated the system is. If you're going to take a huge risk there has to be a huge payoff and the asymmetry of that strikes me as too much. And then there's the gray area and I guess I'm a gray area I do feel a bit nuanced right which is should we just get rid of LPA genes well maybe but then to your point we have anti-sensaligone nucleotide inhibitors that are just around the corner that effectively will get rid of LPA little A. They shut the gene off. Right. So why would we risk trying to eradicate this from the population when we can just give you a drug that does the same thing with fewer side effects and less permanence. Right exactly or or you can do it not in the germ line but but just the indisomality cells. Yeah. And that that could also be beneficial. And then there's yet the other area which is look at something like autism. Autism is genetic disease despite what many people will have you believe. But the heritability of autism is so high that we we know it's largely a genetic disease but very polygenic, very subject to other things. And do we really want to get rid of it? I don't know. I mean certainly when you see a child that's devastated biotism who's nonverbal you know who's harming themselves it would be a very logical thing to say but when you start to move further from that end to the spectrum towards the end of the spectrum where people are quite functional with autism you might say well I don't know it actually comes with some benefits as well and and do we want to create a homogeneous society where everybody is the same? This to me is a bit. And this to me is a bit more to the sophistication. Yeah. Yeah. Right whether it be moved. Because that diversity is important. Yeah. For for the human race as a whole that diversity is you know what what will allow the human race to be resilient in the long run. So I want to talk a little bit about kind of yours your story going back. So you you grew up in China. You came to the middle of the country right where did you grow up? Yeah I grew up in Iowa so I moved to the Moin Iowa when I was 11 years old. What brought your parents here? My mother came to the US first. She was an exchange scholar in computer science and she she had a chance to visit one of the schools in Iowa and she saw that the educational system in Iowa was much more hands on as opposed to joe memorization and and because of that she thought I would maybe benefit more from that type of instruction. So she decided to stay in the US and and and integrate here. And when did you start to become aware of your your your your your intellectual abilities for lack of a better term? I mean was it was there was it just with school always so easy for you where you sort of breezing through high school facing every test put in front of you or what was it was I don't think I'm all that smart. I think I've always been interested in science. I've always been very curious. So I think I've just always kind of followed my curiosity to do something that that is enjoyable and fun. I think what is really interesting is I didn't like biology at all when I preferred physics and chemistry and not in math it was more logical. I think things that I can understand and build a mental model for and then build to predict things. Biology was very much enjoyable memorization. So when I first moved to Iowa in 7th grade there was life science in the middle school and I remember it was really about memorizing trees and dissecting frogs and identifying anatomical parts. It wasn't so much sort of based on logic. Yeah. It was string 7th grade that I attended a Saturday in Richmond class. It was a molecular biology. I didn't know what molecular, what biology had to do with molecular things. So I went to it and in that class that's when I started to learn about the advances in modern biology. The teacher was very passionate. He taught us about DNA RNA protein in the central dogma but he also had his due fun experiments like extracting DNA from strawberries and putting an antibiotic resistance gene to a bacteria so that it can survive on an impassaline. And he also at the same time showed us this I call it the documentary but it's actually a Hollywood movie, a Jurassic Park. Because if you put yourself in my shoes at the time where your learning all these molecular biology fundamentals gene splicing all that and then watching Jurassic Park to see all those theories being so tangibly there to make a dinosaur. The movie really felt like a documentary but it was also just so inspiring and exciting. That's about when Jurassic Park came out. It would have been the mid-90s. You were in middle school. It was 94. So anyway, I saw that and I became really interesting in learning more about molecular biology. I also learned about gene therapy and a promise of using molecular biology to build rationality-scient medicine. So that really captivated my imagination. The teacher was amazing. His name is Ed Pelkington and he was the teacher of the enrichment class or did he also have a regular class in the taught in high school or middle school? He was a consultant for the school and he was working with kids who are interested in science and technology. But he remembered that both myself and also a few other students were really captivated by molecular biology. And so by the time I started 10th grade, he came to us and he said, there's this really cool opportunity that you guys may want to take advantage of. The Iowa Methodist Medical Center had just opened the gene therapy lab and they have a volunteer program at the hospital and maybe you can, you guys can apply and specify that you wanted to volunteer in the gene therapy lab and maybe you get to go there. So we applied me and three other kids and we got admitted to the gene therapy lab and they taught us how to do experiments. As you remember, the very first experiment I did where the scientists had me put the gene for a jellyfish protein called green fluorescent protein. This is a protein that makes jellyfish glow and I put this gene into a human cancer cell. Just using an adenovirus. Using just lipid, we dropped it up with a bit of fat and then got absorbed by the cell. And so I did that the afternoon the day before and then the following day I went to the lab and the scientists took me into this dark microscope room where there was a beam of blue light coming out of the microscope. We put the picture there was a cell on it and he told me to look into the eyepiece and I saw a field of green cells that were fluorescently. It looked alien to me. You were in tenth grade. I was in tenth grade and that moment just made me feel so inspired about what we were doing and this idea that we can use our knowledge to then start to engineer rationally new medicine. And from that moment on I thought science is really cool and I want to do more experimental science. Do you ever just reflect on the direction your life took in response to something as seemingly arbitrary as where your parents chose to move your good fortune to be in that enrichment class and then your good fortune to have a very special teacher who not only did this incredible work with you but then stayed as a mentor got you to apply to this program as a sophomore in high school. I mean like you know I'm sure you've heard the arguments for the remarkable set of circumstances that allowed Bill Gates and Paul Allen to be in the right place at the right time from the right high school that had a computer lab that took these people who were naturally quite brilliant but more importantly put them in an environment where they could sort of leapfrog ahead of the time. I mean did you see a parallel there? I think I have a very fortunate and I think there are a couple of things that I I've over time have developed more and more gratefulness and appreciation for. Number one I think is the importance of teachers. I've been very fortunate that throughout my life I've been just you know met with many teachers who care about their students and teacher who really want to find as many opportunities as possible to help their students develop. They really care about nurturing the next generation and I think having that and having experienced that was really a great fortune of mine. The second I think is really about America. I think having been able to immigrate to the US and to go through the American education system where there's really a merit-based system where you can you can work hard and be able to learn and develop and have opportunities, have access opportunities. I think that that is really special about America. So I think education and having a system where in their shares, people who want to develop and work hard I think has been really my right way for sure. Do you think that had you grown up in China? It would have been different not because obviously people in China don't go on to do amazing things. It also produces great scientists but you know just again speaking to the randomness of this beautiful situation with this amazing teacher in this program and all of the things that followed do you think you could have still stumbled onto the direction you would have? Maybe even in a different field I guess what I'm getting at is you're very modest but obviously you're you're very special in what you've done. I wonder if you think you would have done great things regardless or do you think that no sometimes you you have to be in the right place at the right time. I think timing I think fate is important. I think you know there was a lot of opportunity in China too. China from the 1980s out of the way to now has developed exponentially but I don't know where I would have ended up. There were a lot more people in China things were competitive and education systems different. I tend to I like to think her with things and in China it's much more memorization based. So I don't know but but I'm very grateful for having had all of the teachers and opportunities here. What did you study at Harvard for your undergrad? I majored in chemistry physics. And you did that obviously knowing you were interested in genetics but did you feel that you wanted a greater grounding in the physical sciences because of your ultimate ambitions or why did you choose that as opposed to you know biology or molecular biology? Exactly. I wanted to I knew I wanted to study biology and engineer biological systems but I felt that biology was developing so rapidly and new information was accruing on a sort of weekly basis with new papers and new studies that is probably more beneficial if I study something that's not going to change very much from the time that I enrolled in college to the time I graduate. And so chemistry and physics were much more established fields and it provided a scientific foundation that I think has been very tremendous to be helpful as I continue to work in biology. And at the same time I did work outside of classes in a biological lab where I was you know practicing biological experiments and reading the later literature and I thought that was a nice combination. And when you selected Stanford for your PhD, did you do so because of Carl or was there another reason and then you ultimately after a year or so of class work found your way into Carl's lab? Carl hasn't started at Stanford yet. Okay. And so when I was choosing when I was growing up especially after moving into Iowa I read about people like Steve Jobs and Bill Gates and and all of the you know internet revolution that was happening. And so I had a special feeling about Silicon Valley. I was very intrigued by it and so when I applied to graduate school I thought Stanford being a Silicon Valley would be a really good place to be. And so I made the decision away. How did you then make the decision to go back to the East Coast for your postdoc back to Harvard MIT area as opposed to stay in the Silicon Valley and pursue your passions there in closer approximation to industry although of course everybody realizes Boston would clearly be not too far behind the Silicon Valley for biotech industry. I think at the time it was probably the most interesting opportunity. So I should mention that Carl Dicerat is a phenomenal mentor. I've learned a tremendous amount from him not only about doing science but also how to just be a good contributing member of the scientific community with sharing information and reagents and the transfer knowledge to as many people as possible. And he was also a great mentor where he just gave me opportunity to try things. So during graduate school for many months I was working on a biofuel project in Carl's lab. What year was this? This was in 2007, 2008. So it was energy crisis, oil crisis and the biofuel was an important thing. That's what Alex Seravini said for the world. Yeah, it was the same time. Right. 2008. And so around that time I thought this was an interesting problem. So I explored that in Carl's lab and we thought maybe we could even go and do adventure capital and if we had something working out well. But it turned out that around 2008 the financial crisis also hit. And so a lot of those opportunities at that moment seemed to have just vanished. But at that same time I was contacted by someone from the Harvard Society Fellows. And they said we liked your work as a graduate student. Would you be interested in coming to the Society Fellows and just you know, explore science here. So I thought that was interesting. They said we'll give you a stipend and you're not expected to do anything specific. You can just come in, hang out and think about interesting things. So I applied and and and when they're that's where I started to I swore to gene editing technology. So you're you know barely 40 years old. You're one of the most prominent scientists in your field. Do you are you optimistic about the state of science? Are you and I'll point out two things that are negative that you don't need to comment on. So I don't want to put you in hot water. But just sort of there's been a clear attack on meritocracy in the United States. So a lot of the opportunities that that served you well might not have served you well today. They might not have been available to you today for various reasons, including your race. And similarly, I think despite all of the remarkable scientific advances during COVID, there was also a loss of public faith in science during COVID, where some of the lines between science and advocacy got blurred greatly. In addition to a whole bunch of other things. So one of other words, I guess what I'm saying is there are a lot of things today that don't look as promising as they did maybe 10 years ago, vis-a-vis the field and just sort of the state of the art. Despite those things, do you remain as optimistic as ever or do you have concerns? I am an optimist. I think that's the only way to be because if you're not optimistic, then there's only downside when you are like that. But I am optimistic about science. I'm so excited about all of the rapid advances that are happening. Knowledge about biology, about the human body, physiology is accumulating at very rapid pace. Every week, there are interesting and exciting discoveries that are being reported. And our technology, so we're studying biological systems, are also accelerating with sequencing technology development to protein, mass-veg geometry, to gene editing, to new microscopy. That is allowing us to collect new and more rich data cheaper and faster. And then there's AI with the advanced AI and larger computing platforms. We can analyze and learn and build models around those data that are much more powerful, much more predictive and generative that ever before. And that combined with future advances in robotics, where we can have automation of experimentation and maybe even building a close loop system where AI and with human intervention can design and iterate our experiments rapidly. I think it's going to accelerate science and medicine and human health beyond our imagination. So I think that's really exciting. At the same time, I think we need to continue to motivate people's interests in science. We need to make sure that the best talent are going into science. Do you worry that we've lost the focus on STEM that, I mean, obviously people talk about the heyday of science, right? During the 1960s, when kids growing up saw the space program saw the cold war, the best and the brightest wanted to do science. They wanted to do engineering. Do you feel that slipping away? And if so, what do you think is necessary to bring it back? How do we get the absolute best people into STEM? I think we can do more for sure. I think we need to get kids more excited about science. And I think we need to um, we need the education system to to support kids for our curious and and who have special interests in the science and technical things and to give them opportunities like the ones that I had to to really explore those curiosities of interests. When they're young, they are optimistic and they have energy and if we can nurture that and help them maintain that curiosity and energy, I think that's how we get the best people to continue in science. Yeah, I couldn't agree with you more. And this is not an investment that pays off in a year, right? You've got to be doing this today and then you'll get your pay off in a decade and two decades. And sometimes those investments are really hard for society to make because it's hard to say I got to pay money now for something and I don't get paid back for 10 or 20 years. Those are hard things to accept but um, I hope that people listening to this podcast appreciate certainly in your case. What an enormous value it was for that investment um, you know, in many ways it's a great story of lots of things. It's a story about immigration, it's a story about science education, it's a story about curiosity, it's a story about the American dream. So anyway, I'm really glad we finally got a chance to sit down. It was absolutely worth the wait and I'm excited to follow your undoubted the continued success over the coming decades. Thank you so much for having me here today.