Talk a little bit about what insulin resistance is. Basically, every time you eat a meal, you're going to release insulin. There are many processes that insulin control. So one of the challenges with the term insulin resistance is, as you said, it's a vague term and it's non-specific. The two problems and diabetes. One is, you know, I'm making an ovenslint. The other is your insulin resistance. Type two diabetes. Very bad. You're knocking on death's door. Correct. You're going to go blind. Yep. You're going to have your toes amputated. You're not ever going to have an erection again. And you're going to die of cardiovascular disease or kidney disease or Alzheimer's disease quickly. So people say that Alzheimer's disease is, you know, diabetes type 3. I'm not sure. Brain diabetes. Yes. You are obese when you're four years of age. You're going to be obese when you're at out. And your life expectancy will be significantly shorter. And your quality of life will be significantly reduced. What has changed so much in the last 30 years that has created this epidemic? Hey, everyone. Welcome to the Drive podcast. I'm your host, Peter Atia. Ralph, thank you so much for coming down to, I guess, up to Austin from San Antonio. Very excited to sit down with you and talk about, you know, potentially one of the most important subject matters in all of health. People who listen to me all the time here and are familiar with me talking about these four horsemen, right, cardiovascular disease, and cerebral vascular disease, cancer, neurodegenerative and dementing diseases. And then there's this fourth horsemen that I talk about. And it's in many ways the squishiest because it's not the one that shows up on the most death certificates. But in many ways, it's the foundational one that is amplifying the risk of all of those causes of death. And I refer to it as, you know, sort of metabolic disease, spanning the spectrum from hyperinsulinemia to insulin resistance to fatty liver disease all the way out to type two diabetes. So given how much I speak about that, it seems very important that we should have a really thorough discussion of that foundational metabolic disease and no one better than you to have that discussion. So let's start a little bit with just kind of telling folks briefly about, you know, what you're doing at UT San Antonio and why you've spent the last almost 40 plus almost 50 years now working on this problem. So for me, I actually have been sort of in this field of metabolic disease for a long time. I think I'm the longest consecutive lead funded 53 years in IDDDK investigator. And I actually started even long before that when I was a medical student at Harvard, I had this fantastic teacher, Professor Kale, who gave us all of the lectures on intermediary metabolism. And I decided, this is what I wanted to do. And I worked at each summer with Professor Kale. And, you know, sometimes in life you meet the right person, the right opportunity to change everything that you do. And basically what I do now, I can tribute the directly to George. And, you know, when I gave the Banting Lecture in 2008, people usually, you know, put a picture of their mother and father and children. And I love my mother and father and children, but I only showed one picture and that was Professor Kale because he's really the person who's ended up sort of directing me to where I am today. You know, people who are listening who are particularly a student might recall, I've referenced a number of Kale's papers, but one of the more interesting studies he did, which it's possible he did while you were even a student there was the 40-day starvation study. You might have not been quite at Harvard yet because this was, if I recall in the mid-60s, maybe 60, 60, 60, seven, where, and it was probably a group of medical students that actually volunteered if not medical students undergrads. And they, they did a water-only fast for 40 days. And the study basically just followed all of the metabolites. What happened to glucose levels, obviously in Slend by the hydroxybutyrodicida acetate. Anyway, it was very fascinating stuff. One of the things that was most interesting to me, and that study was even under a period of such extreme starvation, the brain never gave up its dependency on glucose. So even though ketone bodies began to service the brain by about day seven to ten as the majority of the fuel, even at three and four weeks of starvation, glucose was, if my memory serves me correctly, still providing about a third of the brain's energy. Your memory is very good. The brain did switch over to ketone metabolism and believe it or not. I didn't do the 40 day fast, but I was one of the people who fasted for five to seven days. And if you fasted for three days, you could get paid $50. And I thought I was the richest guy in the world from this study. So I can assure you that the physical specimens in this study were phenomenal. What did the 40 day fasting students get? I don't know, but I'm sure he paid them a lot of money. That's a very good order to do that. The interesting thing about that is you realize that we have so much energy stored in the human body who would have thought that you know, your lean type person, you can fast from 40 days, but the real problem is that at some point you start to break down muscle. And then if you start to break down cardiac muscle, then prolonged fasting at that point becomes a problem. But you have a lot of energy stored in fat and you can start for a long time and it will be people easily go for three, four months with all of the reserves that are in the body. Well, let's maybe talk a little bit about what insulin resistance is. We'll get into what causes it, but let's just maybe define for people this term that gets thrown around constantly. And let's you know, explain what it is from a technical standpoint. Yeah. So basically every time you eat a meal and your blood sugar level goes up, you're going to release insulin. And insulin is sort of a master regulator for all biochemical processes in the body. So one of the things that insulin is going to do is going to talk to your muscles. I'm going to say take up glucose and burn that glucose. So what we need to know is in a normal person, one of the issues in insulin, how much of the glucose is taken up by the muscle. And then we could look at someone who is, say, overweight, or you could look at someone who's diabetic. And I actually developed the goals, they're the technique, which is the insulin clamp technique to look at this. So we could take an obese person or a diabetic or a normal person. We raise the insulin and then I'm using muscle as an example. How much glucose is taken up that's supposed to be by the muscle. And then I can compare if you're overweight, compared to the lean person. Well, obese people are very insulin resistant in terms of muscle glucose update. I could look at the diabetic. They're even more insulin resistant. But there are many processes that insulin control. So insulin regulates how much fat is released from your fat cells. And obese people, unfortunately, insulin keeps the fat in your fat cell. But in obese people, insulin doesn't work so well. So instead of keeping the fat in the fat cell, even though your insulin is high, you're breaking down the fat. So you have to look at each individual process that insulin is controlling. And so for that process, we know this is what a normal person should respond like. This is what a diabetic response like in the diabetic is much, much more insulin resistant than not responding. So it's in a certain way, it's a general term because insulin controls so many things. Protein metabolism. Insulin is very important in helping you to build protein. So I could infuse insulin and we've done this using carbon label loose in. And we can define how insulin promotes protein metabolism in a normal healthy person. And then I could do the same kind of study in obese person. And we know that the obese people don't respond to the insulin as well in terms of aggregating protein metabolism. So it's kind of a general term. And does that translate not just to structural proteins, such as enzymes or cellular structural proteins, but also macro structural proteins such as muscle? Absolutely. So I can look at specific enzymes within the cell. I can look at certain genes within the cell that are turned on or off. Or I can look at muscle in terms of muscle is a bulk. So there are many, as I said, many ways in which you could define insulin resistance. But basically, whatever the particular process you're looking at, you're comparing what would be the normal response in a normal healthy person compared to what might happen in a diabetic person or an obese individual. So one of the challenges with the term insulin resistance is, as you said, it's a vague term and it's non-specific because the actions of insulin are so many. It has an action in the liver. It has an action in the muscles. It has an action with response to glucose. It has an action with response to amino acids. And it has an action with response to fat, both in the liberation of fat, lipolysis and presumably in response to oxidation. Absolutely. And we'll go through all of these. But let's maybe start with how the U.G. Lycemic Clamp test is done. Yeah. And let's assume that I'm a healthy enough individual that we can use me as a proxy. I come into your clinic. What are we going to do? How do you run this test? Yeah. So let me bring you back in time when I was a fellow because at that time that we didn't really have a good measure of insulin sensitivity. So what people would do is you do an oral glucose tolerance test. Yes. And the insulin level would go up. And so then some people would say, I'll look at how much insulin comes out compared to the rise in glucose. And that's a measure of beta cell function. And then someone would just turn it around and say, look, I'm going to see how much the rise in glucose was per insulin. And that's a measure of insulin resistance. And it was very clear to me, well, this is insane. You can't take two variables and then just depending upon how you want to look at them, switch the denominator and numerator. And so I said, we need to develop something that is really more specific. And just to be clear, Ralph, I mean, unfortunately, we as clinicians are not able to do U.G. Lycemic Clamp. Correct. So we are still looking at oral glycemic tolerance tests. We are still giving people you know, oral glucose and sampling glucose and insulin every 30 minutes and trying to impute what we can, which I'd love to come back and talk about interpretation, but carry on with the limitation. We could do that because we actually have been a lot of work and how you interpret that. So what we said is, why don't we develop a serious way? And so we developed the technique where I could take 100 people. And I would infuse insulin initially as a primary dose and then just clamp the insulin level. So I give a prime continuous insulin infusion. I can take 100 people in all 100 people. I can raise your insulin level by 100 micro units per ML. And I can do that for two hours. And now I know that the stimulus, the insulin stimulus, whether you're lean, whether you're obese, or whether you're diabetic, whatever particular process that I want to look at. So maybe I wanted to look at how insulin shut down a paddock glucose production. And actually we were the first people to ever use radio isotopes to trace this and show that in normal people, insulin shut down glucose production by the liver very quickly. But obese people and diabetics were very, very resistant to the insulin. And then we said we wanted to know, look, everybody now has got the same insulin level. How effectively does that insulin stimulate muscle glucose uptake? And again, what we showed, and these actually were the very first unequivocal demonstration that diabetic people tied to were insulin resistant. Before this, there was a lot of controversy, you know, Dr. Reven, who is a sort of the father of insulin resistance. I like to think I'm the son of Dr. Reven. He's a great idol of mine. He really was one of the very first people to insinuate the diabetics were insulin resistant. And with the insulin clamp, we showed this very definitively. And we also know, we use the label glycerol and free fatty acids. And we could show the ability to insulin the shutdown release of lipid from the fat cell was markedly impaired. So three of the major organs, all of this work originally was done by us when I was back at Yale. So let's summarize those again. Yeah. We're talking about this in an insulin sensitive person right out of the gate. Insulin is going to shut down hepatic glucose output. Absolutely. So it's going, which again, all of this kind of makes sense if you think through the pathway, our liver is constantly putting glucose into circulation because the muscles can't put glucose into circulation. So something has to feed the brain. Yes. Absolutely. If insulin is high, it suggests glucose is already sufficiently high. So let's not create more glucose toxicity. Let's shut that. The second thing it's going to do is it's going to take that excess glucose and put it in the place where we have the largest capacity of the stored, which is muscle. Absolutely. So point two is we increase muscle uptake of glucose. And then point three you said was it's going to shut down lipolysis. Yes. It's going to shut down the release of triglycerides and or free fatty acids from the adipose tissue. And that's very critical. And we also, when we did these studies, we would put a catheter in the hepatic vein and in a femoral artery and a femoral vein. So we could look at the individual tissues. And what we showed is that when you infuse insulin, say 80% or 90% of the glucose is going to be taken up in muscle. Only 10% is going to be taken up in the adipocyte and stored. And I'm much in the liver. At basically none. Under uglysemic conditions and we were the first to show this conclusively as well, there's no glucose uptake in the liver by insulin. Just explain to people what a uglysemic condition is. Yes. Uglysemic means you're fasting glucose when you wake up in the morning is 80. Now your uglysemic, that means when we do the studies, we keep your fasting glucose of 80. We don't let the glucose change. All we're going to do is raise the insulin. And that means you're giving glucose. Of course because if we didn't give glucose, then your blood sugar level would drop. And then you'd release cortisol. You release epinephrine. Yeah. So I just want to make sure people understand that I was going to come back to that, but I wanted to finish that point. So let's let's make sure we go back to the test because it's very counterintuitive. So I've got a catheter in each arm. I walk in off the street. I've been fasting. My blood sugar is 80 or 90. Whatever milligrams predestilator it is. You are going to have to infuse both insulin and glucose into each of my arms. When the reason is, when you said a moment ago, you're going to steadily increase my insulin and take it to a steady state of 100 IU per million. That's a staggering high insulin level. Not so high. In your eye after a meal would be maybe 60. Or these people very commonly get sure for a healthy person that would never see an insulin level that high. And if you were not simultaneously running glucose into them, you would kill them within minutes. Hopefully not. Yeah, but just to get to the point of I guess they would become so profoundly hypoglycemic that they would cease to exist. And it should be obvious that if you're very sensitive to insulin, I have to infuse a lot of glucose. But the other beauty of it, as I said, when I was a young guy at Yale, there was a physician in New York, Dr. Altrulla. He was the first one to use treated glucose to trace metabolic pathways. And I said, oh, this is astounding. So I actually went to visit Dr. Altrulla and learned how he did it. And so all of the insulin clamps that is that we did, we were the first people who used treated glucose in humans and to show that the ability of insulin to shut down the release of glucose from the liver was markedly impaired. And this is just again, sorry, interrupt, but just to make sure that people are following us, the reason you wanted to use treated glucose there was not to quantify the total amount of glucose disposal. You could do that on mass balance. Yeah, you wanted to determine the ultimate fate of glucose. How much became hepatic glycogen, if any, sounds like the answer is none. How much became muscle glycogen, sounds like you said about 90%. And how much ultimately got converted through the Nova Lipogenesis into out of Poseidor Free fatty acid, sounds like that's about 10% under the U. glycemic condition. Is that correct? Yeah, in general life's correct except in the muscle, remember, some of the glucose is going to be oxidized. So if you look at the glucose once it gets into the cell, one third would go through the glycolytic pathway and be oxidized. Right away. Yes. And the other two thirds would be stored is glycogen. Now, what if the person is, I mean, presumably you're doing this test and a person is sedentary? Yes. So how is the, and the muscle, is it, is muscle that metabolically active at rest? I guess it is. Yes. Yeah. So that's really interesting. Does that mean you're increasing energy expenditure under these conditions? Well, of course, in a certain way you are, but it's not like when you go out and you exercise and you run a mile or two. So, you know, it's a, I would say you are turning on a number of cycles, which are of course, going to increase energy expenditure, your generating ATP. So there is a certain increase in energy expenditure, but if I really want to increase energy expenditure, I get you to go jog five miles. So, yeah. As exercise is really the thing that really increases energy expenditure. And we're off just for a sense of amount. If you're doing this in, say, somebody my size, who's insulin sensitive, how many actual grams of glucose would you be able to get into the person within the hour while, while keeping insulin clamped? Yeah. So I'm going to do it first in terms of rates, the way we express it, and then I'll translate that. So it's under basal conditions, you wake up in the morning, and your liver is producing and your tissues are taking up about two milligrams of piquellogram body weight per minute. Okay? Sorry. Say that again. Two. Limer is producing, that's a particle of glucose output. That's a particle of glucose output. Two milligrams piquellogram body weight per minute. And we were the first to actually show this many years ago, and this is humans. It might so very, very different, totally different. And that's why extrapolating from mice to humans can be a problem. What was just reflected on that for a second? This, people who listen as podcaster probably sick of me saying this, but I'm sorry. I just can't stop saying the liver never ceases to amaze me. Right? Like, I mean, it's an unbelievable organ, and again, I come back to this idea. It's the only major organ for which we don't have extra caportial support. Right? Interesting. If you're heart, if you went into Cardio Genic shock, and we felt we could, you know, reverse it in time, we could put an introortic balloon pump in you. We could put an IABP in you. We could we could put a left ventricular advice device in you to to to to stem you over until we get you're other. If your kidneys are destroyed, we can transiently dialize you. Even if your brain is experiencing swelling, we can, you know, put enough steroids in you were decompress your skull to give you the time to recover and keep you alive otherwise. You go through all the major organs. If your spleen is dinged, take it out. Right? Even if you lost your small bowel, we could at least transiently keep you alive with, you know, TPN or something like that. None of this is true with the liver. You know, in the old days, they actually used to use pig liver profusion. I know. And that was in the old days. We don't do that anymore. And baboon as well. Yeah. So again, the fact that the liver can titrate this amount is remarkable. So two milligrams per kilogram per minute. So you take an individual who weighs 100 kilograms, you're putting 200 milligrams per minute of glucose into circulation. Then you can multiply that by however many you want to look. So this is a gram every five minutes. Yeah. That's 12 grams of glucose every hour. It's a liver is putting out. But now when I do an insulin clamp, depending on how much I raise the insulin in over the years, we've done a dose response curve and I can come back to this because your fat is exquisitely sensitive to insulin. If I raise the insulin just by 10 microids per ml, the fat stops producing free fatty acids and glycerol. You inhibit lipoluses literally completely. The liver you need to get the insulin up to about 50 micro units per ml to really get it shut down. So in the fact you had to get how high? 10. Rise of 10. And tell me, these people when they come in and healthy, they're at five to 10. Yeah. So I'm going to raise them from five to 10 to maybe 50 or 20. And that's going to in large part shut down lipoluses. Okay. And in fact all of this sort of work was worked that we originally did many many years ago. Now at the level of the liver, you really need to get up to about 50 micro units per ml. So maybe at 10 I'm going to bring you up to 50. And that's in large part going to shut off glucose production by the liver. Now that's critical because you know, you wake up in the morning and your liver is producing glucose. Now if you eat a meal, glucose is coming in from the gastrointestinal tract. You can't have glucose coming in from the liver at the same time. Otherwise you get very hyperglycemic. So when you eat a meal and that insulin comes out, it really needs to shut down a paddock glucose production. Now what's replacing the liver is what's coming from the meal. But then after you absorb all of the meal, the liver needs to turn back on. So understanding how the liver is responding to the insulin is really very important. And then if I want to look at what's going on in the muscle, the reason why we go to 100 micro units per ml, which is it's above physiologic, but it's still within the physiologic range. And you really need to get, if you really want to stimulate muscle glucose uptake completely in a normal healthy person, you'd probably have to get the plasma insulin to about 200 micro units per ml. But in reality, I'm sorry, at 200 what happens? You have now maximize muscle glucose uptake. But in reality, even in an insulin sensitive person, yes. And just to make sure I understand what you're saying, you're saying that if you took an insulin sensitive individual at 100 units of insulin versus 200, you will actually drive more glucose uptake. You haven't saturated the Glute 4 Transporter at 100. Yeah, probably about 25% more uptake is you go from 100 to 200. Wow. And these are all early studies that we did. So when we talk about insulin resistance, that's why I said, you need to know which tissue you're talking about and which metabolic pathway. And if you want to talk about enzymes, you need to talk at what specific enzyme because insulin resistance needs to be related to the tissue you're talking about in the process within the tissue that you're talking about. So insulin resistance is a very important concept, but you all have to be a little bit more specific about what aspect you want to address. So you can have insulin resistance in the fat you can have insulin resistance in the muscle and then something that's now pretty exciting you may have insulin resistance in the brain and the suggestions now. And there are many insulin receptors in the brain, Jesse Roth, you know, very famous diabetes person, you know, maybe 50 or 60 years ago was the first to describe insulin receptors in the brain. And this is an area that's now starting to unfold. It may have some relationship to neurodegenerative disease, Alzheimer's disease, you know, some people say that Alzheimer's disease is diabetes type 3, I'm not sure. Brain diabetes, yes. So the insulin resistance is a very important concept. And unfortunately, I would say let's say we're going to talk about diabetes. Even though there's an ominous octet that I developed that's used everywhere in the world for the pathophysiology of that two diabetes, if we really wanted to take and solidify it and say, what are the two big concepts? Insulin resistance would be here and the other hand would be impaired beta cell function, okay? So if you are insulin resistant and your beta cells work well, they know how to read the insulin resistance, they'll make enough insulin, you won't become diabetic. The hyperincinemia can damage you in other ways, but you won't become diabetic. But what happens is if you're insulin resistant, and particularly if you have a genetic predisposition, if your beta cells have to continuously pour out insulin, they start to exhaust. And so insulin resistance is a disaster for someone who has a genetic predisposition is going to bring out the diabetes. Insulin resistance, in my opinion, is intimately related to cardiovascular disease. That is why you see a diabetic patient, 10% of them. You walk in, you have diabetes, first time I see you, 10% and 15% of the people already have clinically significant cardiovascular disease. And if you look carefully, virtually 100% of them do. And so, Ralph, do you think that that is a result of the hyperincinemia or the untreated or poorly treated hyperglycemia? All of the above, but more importantly, what we showed, and we were, again, the first people to show this. And the cardiologist, they're kind of human dynamically oriented, they're looking at, you know, vessels, starter, classic, but if you look at the insulin signaling pathway, insulin has got a bind to its receptor, and then there's a signaling pathway. I can tell you all the molecules in there, which I'm not. And then glucose gets transported in the cell. We were the first people to show in humans that that pathway doesn't work normally. In some will bind to the receptor, it will activate the receptor. But the next molecule, IRS 1, PIT, 3, Kines, all those molecules don't get activated. So glucose doesn't get into the cell, that's diabetes. That's the same pathway activates nitric oxide synthase. And that generates nitric oxide. Nitric oxide is the most potent vasodilator in the human body. It's the most potent anti-athogenic molecule in the human body. So this defect that's in muscle, and it's in cardiac muscle, and it's in skeletal muscle. This all human-dated, I'm talking about not animal data, when you get a defect in that insulin signaling pathway, that's going to cause diabetes, and it's going to promote cardiovascular disease. And that is why you can never separate cardiovascular disease from diabetes. Now, as you point it out rightfully so, I believe that high levels of insulin are also athrogenic. Now, I don't want people saying Dr. DeFranso said you shouldn't be giving insulin the people who needed. Of course, if people need insulin, you need to give them insulin. But our beta cells make 35 units of insulin if you're a type one diabetic in the GANS. What do you mean? So you're going to have your breakfast, you're going to have your lunch, you're going to have your dinner, and 35 units. I thought you meant micro units. Not it. So the third point is that they have 35 units of insulin. So we showed this many years ago, and actually it was that if you would take a type one patient and they were lean, they would only need 35 or 40 units of insulin to get their glucose control. The sum you gave the doses at the right time. But we have a lot of people who are taking 100 units of insulin, both type ones and type do's. So three ex physiologic. Yes. That kind of hyperincinemia, I think there's evidence to support that's athrogenic. But now we have a problem. Can you have the glucose remain high? Yeah, it's a question if do you want to die quickly or slowly? But yes, really good drugs. Yes, yes, but if you were only doing this with insulin, it's an awful trade-off. It's you're going to die very quickly from hyperglycemia if you're left untreated. But if we overdue it with insulin to maintain normal glycemia, we're going to kill you slowly. It's a cogma. You're stuck. Yep. You have to treat, but you also know that when you're giving these big doses of insulin, there may be some side effects. This is something Ralph, I don't think that has been necessarily appreciated by the medical community. Absolutely not. Yeah, there has generally been an ethos of when I've talked to patients with type 2 diabetes. What they've been told is I'm told to cover with as much insulin as is necessary to maintain my glucose levels in this range. It means I can eat whatever I want. It's okay if I have all the pasta and bread and sugar in the world because as long as I'm covering it with insulin, I'm okay. And then you find out, wow, you're taking 150 units of insulin a day in all of its forms, the short acting, the long acting, etc. But I didn't actually realize that what we would consider physiologic is 35. I may have known that at one point in absence for gotten, but that's a great reference. So basically, if there's a person with type 2 diabetes listening to us today, and they're taking 75 units of insulin, that one of the takeaways should be, what do I need to do with my nutrition and other pharmacologic activities plus exercise plus everything that's on my control to maybe get that down to 35 where I would be at a physiologic level. Absolutely. There are things that you already insinuated way loss if you can get people to do it at and then we can add medications in combination with insulin, insulin sensitizers or some drugs to help you lose weight that will also allow you to get that dose of insulin reduced. The other thing we showed in this study, Dr. Del Prado, who's past president of the European Diabetes Association, we took normal healthy lean kids 18, 25 years of age and we gave them, we put them on the clinical research center for three days and we gave them a very, very low dose of insulin infusion and we raised their fasting insulin from eight, which is what a normal person would be to 20, which is really quite low and within 48 to 72 hours, they were as insulin resistant as a type 2 diabetic patient. So hyperinsulinemia induces insulin resistance. This is, why is that the case? So what insulin does is it down regulates the insulin signaling transduction system. So that insulin binds to its receptor and then it activates Iris, one, and P.I.3 kinase and A.K.D. That system is down regulated by hyperinsulinemia. All of this that I'm telling you about, it's all published, these are all studies that in in in in humans and this also been shown in in in rodent models as as well. So this is another reason why we don't want people to be hyperinsulinemic. You have to explain that to me again, rough, that is mind-boggling to me. I would never, I would never have predicted that. So let me say it back to you because I feel like I missed it when I was writing something down. You took normal volunteers, who had a fasting insulin of eight. Yep. And they're lean healthy. Okay. And you simply infused insulin in them, presumably with glucose. Oh, yes, of course. On the clinical research center, we can monitor, keep the glucose perfectly constant. We're not letting the glucose change. So person shows up insulin eight glucose is 90. Yep. You do a U.G.C. McClamp where you bring insulin up only to 20. One and a half per one and a half. Much less than B when you eat a meal. Exactly. Not even a post-prandial bump. But now it's constrictively sitting there at 20. Yep. And you've obviously had to bring glucose. You're doing a few glucose to maintain U.G.C. Mea. Correct. Did you say that in four days, 48 to 72 hours, and these people are as insulin resistant as type 2 diabetics. Okay. Again, very, very counterintuitive because if our, if our model is that insulin resistance, which is the hallmark factor contributing to type 2 diabetes in the combination of beta cell fatigue, is driven by lipotoxicity, which we're going to come to. That's an important one. Yes. These people didn't have any of that. No, these people didn't have any of the intramyosolular lipid that we talked about with your colleague. No, Jerry Reven as a predisposing factor. It's the direct effect of insulin down regulating the insulin signaling system and probably other distal metabolic within the cell as well. Okay. So then when you turn the clamp off, let's just say we ran this for 72 hours. We've made them functionally diabetic. Turn the clamps off. How many hours or did you do that? What would you predict? I would predict probably within 24 to 48 hours. They would return to normal because we did this acutely. Now, if we were able to do this for several months, then I would anticipate that the insulin resistance would remain for a long period of time. And remember, when we treat type 1 diabetics, we're always giving the insulin into the periphery. You arrive when you ingest the meal, where does the insulin go? It goes into the portal vein. So the liver is seeing a high level of insulin. That's good. It says stop making glucose. But now, it removes half of the insulin. So how much insulin gets into the periphery? Half of what you secreted. Why? Because we don't want the insulin in the periphery over insulinizing the periphery because we would make the muscle tissue very insulin resistant. So the portal, the pancreas, secreting insulin into the portal circulation, liver sees the insulin good. It's not making glucose, but it also takes up half of the insulin. So less insulin gets enough to nourish the muscle. Okay? Enough to shut down the fat producing free fatty acids, but not enough to hyperinsenize the system. And in a certain way, if you're a diabetic and you are insulin resistant or an obese person and you are insulin resistant and you're a hypersecrating insulin, it's kind of working against you because it's a reverberating system that's making the insulin resistance aggravated. So one of the big things that we've forgotten is that insulin, I told you, there are two problems in diabetes. One is you don't make an ovenslint. The other is your insulin resistant. You need to attack both problems. And the paper that I recently published, which is a perspective in Lancet Diabetes and a chronology, was to bring people back to look, we're focusing on obesity and weight loss and we should. But we need to remember that we still have a genetic cause for the insulin resistance. You go back to 1950, you know, the incident's diabetes was 2%. I've seen even data that says it was 1%. As recent as 1970, it's very low. Yeah. But these people were all lean and they're insulin resistant. So there's a genetic cause of the insulin resistance. And you think Ralph, that the greater genetic effect is on the insulin resistance side or on the beta cell fatigue side. So let's tackle each. Since you started with insulin resistance, let's go there. Yeah. Let's talk about what we know about the genetics of insulin resistance. That's easy. Nothing. Truly nothing. No, I joke. But if you let's say 20 years ago, we got involved in one of the biggest genetics studies called the vagus study, Veterans Administration, Genetic Epidemiologic Study. And we were convinced that we would do a G, we were one of the people to do the first G was studies. That we would define all the genes that are responsible. Well, we were not very successful. Even if you took the subset of people with type 2 diabetes who were lean and you compared them to people who were lean and non-diabetic versus obese and diabetic. A G was was not able to identify a signal in those three cohorts. We identified several and remember there are associations. There. Of course. And they're in non-coding regions. So like the TCF70T2 gene, that we found that. But that had already been described by Dr. Michael Sterns in Antonio many years before. So we repeated with Michael showed. And other people have shown that. So there are a number of associations. And again, if you ask me, how many genes have we truly established that are really important in terms of causing type 2 diabetes, I would say very, very few. I know the genetics people out there probably hate this. And they'll say that we can put together a genetic score. But you know when they talk about a genetic score, it's not that they've causably associated with gene with that. It's an association. It's an association. It's an association. We have a whole different approach that, well, if you want, I can tell you what we're doing that may give some insight. And then people have started to think about rare diseases. That maybe the problem is in one family you have this particular genetic mutation. Another family you have a different genetic mutation, a third family a different genetic mutation. And then when you do the GW study, you got this mixture of individual genes. What about the phenotype? So I've taken care of. I've taken care of a couple of patients with type two diabetes who are very lean. Including one patient whose body fat by Dexa was about 8% so for people listening, that is insanely lean, very lean. So you take an individual who's body fat is 8% and yet they have type two diabetes. The first thing that comes to my mind is a lightendestrophy is this an individual whose adipostissue is the problem. In other words, they're not able to assimilate enough excess nutrient i.e. glucose into the fat cell. And so they're undergoing the toxicity associated with an insufficient reservoir. Is that what could be the causal? Not that I can tell you what's causing the lightendestrophy, but is the lightendestrophy the issue that's driving the diabetes here. The answer to that is it's very clear that lightendestrophy can cause diabetes. This would say a very, very rare and unusual cause, but well established. But that's, but you're saying that's not what would explain 1% of diabetics. That's too. Okay. And Jerry Schumman has that some beautiful work in this area. So it's unequivocal that lightendestrophy, profit people because their fat cells can't take up the fat. It ends up in your myocardium, it has heart disease. That's up in the beta cells. It's the beta cell in the muscle. But that's a very, very, very small percentage. So the basic genetic ideology of the insulin resistance, the number the P.P.R. Yama gene is been associated. There are about 7 or 8 genes. There's a recent study, I think it's in nature genetics by Brown. Were they identified? And again, there are associations. Except that would say the P.P.R. Yama gene that is, it's pretty clear that's a causal. Did Mitchell is R do some of this work? Pardon? Mitchell is R do some of this work. And he's worked in this area. But again, the number of, in my opinion, the long list of folks at this point. Oh, yes. The number of genes that have been described. So one of the, and the other thing people said, well, maybe there are 20 genes involved, each giving a small component. And that's why it's so difficult. Well, all of these hypotheses have been difficult to approve, approve. And the simple fact is, we don't understand the genetic basis. In part, because diabetes, in my opinion, is a very poor phenotype. Diabetes are very heterogeneous disease. So when we talk about diabetes, if that's your phenotype, it's not surprising to me that it's going to be difficult to define genes that are related to diabetes. So what I'm going to tell you about, I don't want to take the credit for this. Okay. So one of the people in my division, Dr. Lou Norton working with Steve Parker at Michigan, I'm involved because I'm doing the insulin clamp studies. We're taking as a phenotype muscle insulin resistance. This is a very, very specific phenotype. Okay. This is not diabetes. The ominous octet, my pathophysiology. That's eight problems. Okay. This is muscle insulin resistance. I'm going to do an insulin clamp now. And then I'm going to do a muscle biopsy before I do the insulin clamp. And I'm going to do a muscle biopsy at the end of the insulin clamp. And what happens? Okay. Well, during the insulin clamp, I know exactly how sensitive are resistant you are to insulin. I've got the most definitive phenotype in the world. No one gets this kind of phenotype. And now what do I see? In enormous amount of chromatin opens up. This is the epigenetic component. Genes in chromatin area, you never ever going to see in the baseless thing. And that's why we think this is hypothesis. Now that why it's been so difficult with all of these GW studies to identify genes that are associated with diabetes. And now we're starting to see diabetic people and non diabetic people. We're starting to see some associations which we think now are causal and we can relate to the insulin resistance with the clamp. So the first paper along these lines. Let's just pause there for a second, we're off. I want to make sure everybody's following what you're saying. You're saying look, one of the challenges of having a disease that isn't perfectly perfectly clearly defined where every single member of the class that has the disease looks exactly the same. With the word for that is heterogeneous. So let's take an example where the disease is very heterogeneous. Sickle cell anemia. Correct. Everybody who has sickle cell anemia from a pathophysiology standpoint is identical. Okay. And guess what? There's a single mutation that defines the disease. So because you have a single gene that defines the disease, one gene mutated produces one change in one base pair that changes one amino acid that changes the property of the hemoglobin molecule and everybody looks the same. But you're saying Peter, it's totally different. With type 2 diabetes, we have some people that are thin, some people that are fat, some people that have lots of insulin resistance in the muscle, some people that don't seem to have much, but it's all in the liver. We're going to go through. I want to hear, I want to make sure we define the octet, the ominous octet. But if that's the case, why would you ever expect to find a simple genetic answer by definition, it's going to be a mess. Absolutely. Yeah. And so if you don't have a very definitive phenotype, it's going to be difficult to find a medication by the way is any physician who approaches a patient with type 2 diabetes as a single entity is going to be providing suboptimal care. Yes. And I've been fighting for 20 years to convince people you need to start with combination therapy from the beginning. Finally, 2022, the American Diabetes Association has made a comment. And for the first time, suggests that you should consider starting with combination therapy. We can talk about therapy later. We're going to talk about the therapies in detail. But yes, it's a, you have to take a precision medicine approach to type 2 diabetes, which begins by trying to identify which phenotype your patient is. Before we continue, I just want to make sure that everybody understands it's looped not in in state parker. And they're the, you know, the brain child, you know, of course I'm involved. I understand the disease. We're doing the insulin clamps. We're giving them the phenotype. And they're doing single cell. And it turns out like there are 10, 12 different types of cells within the muscle. So we tend to think the muscle all this a myocite. That's the problem. But it's probably cells also talking to each other, making it even more complex. So we're at an early stage in the development. But we're enthusiastic. We think this is, I mean, we really have not discovered these genes. So we think that epigenetics are important. And this is part of the epigenetic phenomenon. We'll see where it takes us. But we're pretty excited about these findings. Let's go back to the ominous octet. Make sure I have that defined them all our listeners do. Yeah. So in 2008 at the Banting Lecture at the American Diabetes Association, the title of the Banting Lecture was from the Triamberate to the ominous octet. So what was the Triamberate? I got the young investigator award, the Lily Ward from the ADA 1987. So the Triamberate was very simple. The beta cell, it fails. Insan resistance in the muscle. When you ingested a meal, the muscle didn't take up the glucose because you're insulin resistant. And insulin resistance in the liver. When you ate a meal, insulin didn't shut down the liver. So that was the Triamberate. So from the Triamberate to the ominous octet, we needed to add five more players. So who were the new five players? So number four on the list was the fat cell. In a very deserving guy. So the fat cell is your friend initially. You over-eat, you take in excess calories, you store them in the fats on the cat hurts you there. But if you keep expanding those fat cells, the fat cells become very, very resistant to the anti-lippulative effects of insulin. And now you start to pour fat out into the bloodstream. We've shown this as a big interest to very counterintuitive. It counterintuitive. But very, very well, but not in the you have a, not that we should mire ourselves in teelologic things. Do you have a sense of why? Yeah. So the insulin signaling system in multiple early steps, become severely impaired. And when you get insulin resistance in the glucose metabolic pathway, there are changes that alter the cell metabolism. So you become very resistant to insulin's anti-lippulative effect. And so now, if you look at people who are obese or people who have type two diabetes, there are plasma FFA levels are very, very high. And those FFA levels, and this is lipotoxicity, and we've got a long history of studying this. I FFA levels impair insulin secretion. High FFA levels cause insulin resistance in the muscle. High FFA levels cause insulin resistance in the liver. High FFA levels impair the insulin signaling, transduction system. And in fact, one of my previous fellows who's now back with me here in UT, Dr. Belfort was the first author on this paper showing that just physiologic rises in the plasma FFA literally obliterate the insulin signal transduction system, which is the first step in glucose metabolism. I always thought that the reason we saw high free fatty acids in people with type two diabetes was not because the fat cells were undergoing more lipoluses. But because the fat cells were themselves becoming resistant to insulin and not able to take up fat. So same net effect, but I was kind of drawing the arrow of causality in the other direction. No, the the arrow is more in the other side. The fat is pouring in fat. Yeah. And you can show that the lipolitic enzymes are all resistant to insulin. They don't we've shown this other position. So these elevated FFA levels are a disaster. So the fat cell initially easier. Because your friend goes to foe. And then you can go to bed. Bed guy. Okay. So that's number four. Number five is the gastrointestinal tract. And of course, I'm sure I talk more about this when we talk about treatment. But when you eat a meal, you release two Inquitin hormones. GLP1 and GIP, a glucone-like peptide one, a glucose dependent insulin trophic polypeptide. Those two Inquitin hormones when you eat a meal account for about 70% of the insulin that's released in response to the meal. So now what is the problem? Is the problem that you don't release enough GLP1 in GIP? Or is it that your beta cell is refractory to the GLP1 in GIP? Well, it's the later. Just so let's say that again. I want to make sure people understand this. And the reason it's important is obviously everybody listening to us right now is very familiar with drugs like semigluitide and trisepotide. But I want people to understand why those drugs were developed. And of course, semigluitides already probably what the third generation of it anyway. So when we go back in time, we'll understand why people try to develop these drugs. But just say that again. So you eat your meal. Yep. GIP, GLP1 are increased. And they come out normally. Yep. That's not the problem. And they're telling the beta cell. Hey, make more insulin. Metis cells deaf, not listening. Is resistant to the GLP1 in GIP? And he should be responding to 70% of his input should come from that cell. 70% of the insulin that's going to come out. Is there any response to that on that GLP1 in GIP? So you can imagine that that's a huge problem at the level of the beta cell in terms of the defect and insulin secretion. And tell me, why is it mechanistically that the beta cell becomes deaf? Yeah. The GLP1 in GIP. I don't know that we know the answer to that. So it's just another horrible piece of this puzzle where everything starts to work against the patient. So this is an area of course intense investigation. But the clinical counterpart of this is you've already mentioned the drugs that are out there. The GLP1 receptor agonist. What I'm doing is I'm giving you a pharmacologic dose of GLP1. And I'm overcoming the resistance at the level of the beta cell. Now there's another component to this that we'll get to. And that's a glucose toxicity. So, and these are studies that were done by Yens' tolls in the group in Denmark that they took people and they infused GIP. We're talking about GIP. And you don't respond to the GIP. These are type two diabetics. And then they intensively treated them with insulin and lower their glucose. And then when they come back with the GIP, you're in a normal amount of insulin. So this is a glucose toxic effect. So you ask me mechanism. So we know that at least for the GIP, the glucose toxicity is impairing the ability of the beta cell to respond to the GIP. But not necessarily GLP1. No, no, and that doesn't correct the GLP1 problem. So there's true resistance still, even though I normalize the glucose in terms of GLP1. So this Inquitant Axis, the gut is a very important endocrine organ. And that's number five in the ominous octet. Number six in the ominous octet is the alpha cell. And sort of the I would say the father of hyperguguinemia, this doctor, Roger Unger, and Dallas. And you know, he was one of the very first people to show the diabetics had very high gluguin levels. And gluguin types. Yeah, gluguin is it drives a pedagluose production. So if your glucose gets too low, your alpha cells will release gluguga. So the alpha cell can sense the glucose. And so if your hypoglycemic, this is an important defense mechanism. You release gluguguin, and that stimulates your liver and the glucose production goes up, a return to glucose to normal. But a diabetic already has a high glucose. We don't want high gluguin levels. So paradoxically, there's very high gluguin levels in the diabetic. And those high gluguin levels are very important contributor to the hepatic insulin resistance, because they're driving the liver to make glucose. And so I just make sure, because I'm embarrassed to say I forget this from biochemistry, is it driving the liver to make glucose out of, for example, glycerol amino acids or the organic, organic pathway in glycogenoluses. But on a more chronic acutely. So if I acutely give you a gluguin on the first thing that happens, you break down glycogen. But very quickly, you get rid of all the glycogen that's in the liver. And so chronically, now, you're running on gluguinia genesis. But gluguin stimulates both pathways. And does it also drive hepatic glucose output? And does it just drive the creation of glucose? No, no, no, in absolute terms. It increases hepatic glucose output as well as gluconeogenesis. Yes. And that's a important reason why you have fasting hyperglycemia. So when you wake up in the morning, yeah, and your blood sugar is 110 milligrams per death. That's the liver. And part of that is because your liver is intrinsically resistant to insulin. Part of it is because the liver is now responding to the gluguin and producing an excess amount of glucose, both through gluconeogenesis and through glycogenoluses. Although I would say the major contributor is the gluconeogenic pathway. Now, that gluconeogenic pathway is also turned on because fat is coming from the fat cell. Remember, I told you the FFA is high. Yes. Glissorals coming from the fats. Yes. So in Jerry, you know, we talked about some of the work that Jerry did. This Jerry's work showing that glissoral coming from the fat cell is an important driver of gluconeogenesis. And then hepatic fatty acylcoa levels are up because you have all this fat pouring in. And that's activating the enzymes, pyruvate cobalt salace that are driving the gluconeogenic pathway. So the metabolic, the actual pathways, I think, are very well worked out. So glucone, alpha cell, bad guy. Okay. And so as the alpha cell over producing glucodon in the state? Yes. Absolutely. And this is really ragerongering dialysis. And again, why is it over producing? Why is it doing something that doesn't make any sense in the context of what's happening? And to certain way, this is also in some resistance because hyperincinemia shuts down, uh, glugoguin. And we have very high fasting insulin levels in the diabetic. Okay. Now, what is it? What's the sensing mechanism within? It's counterintuitive. Usually when things go wrong, they get attenuated, right? Like it makes sense that the beta cell eventually fatigues because that's an attenuation of doing something that it's getting tired of doing. The, the, the alpha cell ramping up is a little less intuitive. You're going to see it gets even worse when we talk about the kidney, which is number seven on the list. All right. Let's go to number seven. Okay. So people don't know, I'm, uh, you know, also board certified in the biology. Uh, so in, in the old days, I trained as a micro punctureist. I used to sit with a microscope. I, I would draw my little pipettes out the night before and then I would put the little micro pipette in the tubules and I collect two be look fluid. And what I was interested in, uh, and this is when I was a, uh, a renal fellow University of Pennsylvania, I was interested in glucose and phosphate transport. And I published the series and I, I'd say the pretty elegant papers in the JCI, looking at how glucose and what regulated glucose in phosphate transport. And I knew that there was a molecule called fluorescent that block glucose transport, uh, in the kidney. And so I took this molecule called fluorescent and it blocks, uh, glucose transporters. There are two transporters in the kidney, SGLT2 and SGLT1. SGLT2 takes back 90% of the glucose. If it does its job, SGLT1 takes back the other 10% and then in URI, even though we filter 180 grams of glucose per day, no glucose appears in the urine. But what I showed is that fluorescent it block both SGLT2 and SGLT1. It block glucose transport, uh, and it also block phosphate transport. And I showed that glucose in phosphate transport were called coupled. But when I was doing these studies, even though I was in the phylog, uh, I had previous than my endocrine fellowship at the NIH and Baltimore City hospitals. So I, I had an interest in diabetes and I said, this would be a great way to treat diabetes. So in the old days, you know, we did things for science and I published a series of four papers in the JCI and, uh, I never even thought of the be honest with you of patting this. Okay. And I have a significant other who said to me one day, she said, Ralph, you want the smartest guys I ever met and I said, yeah, I know that and she said, you know, you're probably the stupidest guy ever met. And I said, why? She said, you're going to patting it this drug. And so I actually worked with Bristlemaia's squib and then AstraZeneca and that I've actually led to the, uh, that gli, closing coming to the market. But what we showed and this is human bias, which is the first SGLT2 inhibitor. That's correct. Yes. Brand name on that one. Uh, for C for C. Yeah. And so Can I get flows in was that? Uh, ampigliflozant, uh, and then can't get flows in or to glyphlozant, we have a bunch of them. And they all made other all very good basically do the same thing. But what we showed was the SGLT2 transporter was markedly upregulated in the kidney. Okay. And uh, the original studies that we do. I'm let's just let's just wrap our heads around this again. This is so counterintuitive. I know. Okay. This does not make any sense. Right. So you take it. Let's I want to just bring it back to people listening. So they understand what we're talking about here. The kidney is this massive filtration. Another remarkable organ. Not, no offense to the nephrologist. Not as remarkable as the liver. But every bit is remarkable in terms of, I think it's more remarkable than the liver guy. So that's okay. All right. So so, so everything that's floating through our plasma is, you know, our, our kidneys, by the way, represent what they take 25% of our cardiac output. Jews. Yeah. So it's massive. This organ weighs 2% of our weight and takes 25% of our cardiac output. Why? Because we have to take everything that is in our circulation and dump it out. Yeah. And then the kidney has to selectively bring back in what's normal. This was explained to me. I still remember in medical school as kind of a brilliant trick of evolution. Evolution was never going to be able to predict every toxic thing we might encounter. And therefore teaching the kidney, how to spot toxic things and get rid of them would have been a failed mission. Rather, it was better to teach the kidney what was absolutely necessary and to discard all other things. So reasonable way. Yep. So it's the take everything out of your drawer and dump it out and only bring back the socks and underwear that you need. Yeah. So glucose, potassium, sodium, you name it, chloride, phosphate. All of these things get dumped along with everything else. Yeah. And then it knows I need this much glucose. I need this much sodium. I need this much potassium. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. So so SGLT2 does the lion's share of this. It takes back 90% of the glucose. And now. So here's a diabetic with a very high glucose. Right. So my point was SGLT2 if it had a brain would say, oh, you have too much glucose to turn it off. Turn it off. How about we just stop reabsorbing all the glucose? It's why you said it's the opposite. I told you earlier, it's going to get worse. It ramps up SGLT2. So as a doctor, I want the kidney to dump the glucose out in the urine. Yeah. But what is the kidney doing? It's doing the opposite. It's holding on to the glucose. And so even as the renal fellow became clear to me, this is such a simple way to treat diabetes. And the fact is, it's so simple. No one thought about it. Okay. The only dumb thing that I did was I didn't pat in it, which I should have done. I probably never have to write another NIH grant for the rest of my life. And then we went on to show. And in fact, this is the first definitive proof of the glucose toxicity hypothesis. So we did all of these studies initially in animals. And this was all published in the JCI. And Luciano Rosetti is one of the fellows at this time. Actually, Jerry Schumman was a fellow on the papers as well. And what we showed was that you could take a different types of diabetic animal models. And you could show that there reabsorbing excessive amounts of glucose. And then if I treated them with flores in, because that's what was available, they simply pee the glucose out in the urine. And now all of a sudden, their beta cell started functioning normally. Muscle insulin sensitivity improved. So of course, that's wonderful if you were a mouse or a rat. So we said, well, what about humans? And so the original studies actually were done. It's kind of an interesting story behind this. But the initial studies were done with double glyphosin. And we showed with just 14 days of treatment with double glyphosin, we markedly lowered the fasting and post-prandial glucose. We improved insulin sensitivity by 35 percent. And we made a major improvement in beta cell function. Now, the beauty of this, SGLT2 inhibitors are only in the kidney. They're not in your muscle, they're not in your beta cell. And the only thing that the SGLT2 inhibitors do, make you put glucose out in the urine. The only change in the plasma was the glucose came down. And now insulin sensitivity improved in muscle and beta cell function improved. And this was the first nine humans, even though the original studies were done in the animals. First, studies to show an improvement in the reality in Cuco, toxicity. What was interesting is that when we started to work on developing this with BMS in AstraZeneca, the company decided, well, we should get some nephrologist in the sea about this story. And they said, look, if you listen to what Dr. DeFranso says, this will be a disaster. They said, why? Because you put glucose in the urine, it will glycosulate the proteins, then you'll cause kidney damage. And they actually held up the development of the SGLT2 inhibitors. And the way we finally convinced them to go ahead was that this is a disease called familial renal glucoseuria. They, from day one of their life, they're being out tremendous amounts of glucose that perfectly normal kidney function. How many grams of glucose can be differentiated basically in the presence of an SGLT2 inhibitor today? Upwards, it kind of depends on what the level you're referring to. But it could be anywhere from 40 to 60 grams up to 120 grams of glucose. And the higher would be in somebody with a higher gradient. Yeah, the higher the glucose. The higher the, yes, because you filter more glucose, then this more glucose to be blocked at the level of the kidney. And these drugs are very, very good. Now, I actually in developing these drugs, as I said, I'm also an aphrologist based on the very Brenner hypothesis. I predicted these drugs would save you kidneys, according to the Brenner hypothesis. And that's all turned out to be correct. These drugs are great for the kidney. What I never, ever envisioned at that these drugs were going to save a heart. That was like that came, I mean. So I want to come back to that because I'm making notes of other things I want to come back to. And so I want to come back to just so you can hear me say it now. And we remember, I want to come back to combined inhibitors, the SGLT2 SGLT1 inhibitor. There's a, I think there's a new drug that's now. So to life, those. Yeah, that it does both. Well, just touch on that. And then I want to also come back to the broader zero protective nature of the SGLT2s as documented by the ITP in mice and then also in the human studies for cardiovascular protection. But let's before we do this. Let's go to finish the omelette. We got to go exactly. Let's go about number eight. The brain. Okay. Okay. So the brain plays a role in the somewhat indirect way. So every day, you know, you have your breakfast, your lunch. I actually eat only once a day. But at some point, you eat a meal. And at some time during the meal, I'll say, okay, I'm hungry. I stop eating. Why do you ever think? Why does that happen? Well, because there are certain hormones that are released or inhibited that tell you, okay, you're saying it's stopped eating. Well, one of the very important ones is GLP1. That same thing that's increasing insulin secretion, your brain has become very resistant to GLP1. When you eat a meal, amyline comes out. It comes out in the one ratio with insulin. Your brain has become resistant to amyline. Your brain is resistant to leptin. So there are a lot of these inorectic molecules that your brain has become resistant to. And these molecules, it's another area of interest of mine, these, they work in the hedonic areas in the brain. So in the putem and the prefrontal cortex, and they tell you to stop eating. And unfortunately, there is, and this is the big unknown is what's going on in the brain. The neuropsychotry is clearly distorted. Not only is the neuropsychotry distorted, one of the big things that we are interested in, Dr. Peter Fox and myself at UT is if you look at the gray matter in these areas, in the areas that are critically important and regulating your appetite, there's shrinkage of the gray matter area. Okay. And in these areas, if you do an insulin clamp, okay, the brain is insensitive to insulin in your eye. In obese people, these areas in the brain with his abnormal mocked increase in glucose uptake. Incredible finding. Who would have thought? I'm sorry. You're saying that these are the few areas in my brain in your brain that are actually default insulin insensitive. Yes. Don't take up glucose. Correct. If I do an insulin clamp. So what is their fuel source? Like a? Well, they are saturated. I'm sorry. In response to insulin, they don't take up more glucose. Oh, okay. Sorry. Because remember, this is from the K-Hill studies. As long as your glucose is about 50, your brain is happy. So this is actually in the evolution of the human being. This is phenomenal. Because in the old days, you may not eat for, you may slaughter one of these beasts that you're not eating for days. You're not eating for days. So your glucose would drop. So if your normal fasting was 80, if it dropped to 40, you're okay because your brain saturated in 40. You got below 40, you're in trouble. So you have a big sort of buffer here. But now if I am few as insulin in your glucose is 80, your brain doesn't take it up more glucose. It's quote insulin insensitive in a certain way. Now, of course, if you take people with mild cognitive impairment, there's been some experiments that I've seen suggest in these people. Insulin infusion can transiently improve glucose uptake. But presumably that's because they're insufficiently getting glucose in the disease state. Yes. This has been postulated. And there's also suggested that there's brain insulin resistance, which is, I'd say an interesting concept and may play some role in this neurocognitive dysfunction Alzheimer's whole kind of different story that's sort of in evolution. But to come back to the ominous octet though, if you overeat what happens, you gain weight. And when you gain weight, you become insulin resistant, severely in some resistant. That's lipo toxicity. Okay. And we've done studies in both directions. I can put an IV and I can infuse an emotion of free fatty acids. And I can show within 20, within four hours, two to four hours. I induce severe insulin resistance in the muscle. In the liver, and I'm marketing impaired based whole function. And then we don't have this drug in the United States. But there's a drug that's available in Europe and I have an I indeed use it's called the sippamox. It inhibits lipoluses. It's like STLT2 inhibitor. The only thing to do is block glucose reabsorption in the kidney. A sippamox all it does is do block lipoluses. It lowers your FFA level. And we've done this. Is it result in any meaningful clinical increase in adiposity or is it so subtle that you don't notice it? Over 12 days, no change in adiposity, huge improvement in insulin sensitivity and muscle. You can show all of these major bias. Why is it not approved in the US? I don't know the company that developed in Europe ever tried to get it approved in the US. I would say, modestly effective in lowering triglycerides. And we have phenofibrates which are much more effective. So that may be the reason all of this drug been around for... But the triglyceride in the FFA are not the same thing. No. But that's the reason why it's approved in Europe. But if you lower the FFA, that's the precursor for triglycerides synthesis. So it has an effect to lower the triglycerides. But the key thing is if you lower the FFA and we did this for 12 days, we did it both obese people in adibetic. You markedly improve insulin sensitivity in the muscle. If using MRI, you can measure muscle fat. It goes down dramatically and correlates with the improvement in insulin sensitivity. We also measured ATP generation because this issue is this clearly mitochondrial dysfunction. If you are diabetic, that's unequivocal. The controversy is the mitochondrial dysfunction causing the insulin resistance or the insulin resistance causing the mitochondrial dysfunction. So in this study that we did when we lowered the FFA and lowered the muscle content, we saw about a 50% improvement in ATP generation, mitochondrial ATP generation. So at least this says that part of the mitochondrial dysfunction is secondary to the lipotoxicity and insulin resistance. But this still remains, I would say, a controversial topic. Clearly, it's mitochondrial dysfunction. If you can improve it, that's going to improve insulin sensitivity. Is there anything that improves mitochondrial function more than aerobic exercise training? Pile glycosm. The drugs also. I can't get people to use, which is a phenomena. By activating Pepar Gema, it does a lot of good things. One of the important things that it does, it has a huge effect to improve mitochondrial dysfunction. It has direct effects. It also works directly through Pepar Gema to do this. It also binds directly to the mitochondrial pyrovac carrier. That influence is flux through the, through the mitochondrial chain. Why don't people use this drug today? Huge misconceptions. I guess we'll talk about therapy. We'll come back to it. It's a part of my triple therapy regimen. I use a GLP1 receptor agonist. I use Pile glycosm and I use an STLT2 inhibitor. There's a fourth good drug and that's metphorman. You might ask, well, why is metphorman number for amylist the good drug? Since I single-handedly brought metphorman to the United States in 1995. No other antichronolus involved in this. 1995 metphorman was a revolutionary drug. Why? We had insulin and cell phone Ureus. Now we had a drug that really could work. It's still a very good drug. Of course, it's cheap. It's $5 a month in the state of Texas. We have much better drugs. Pile glycosm causes weight gain. Here's the problem. It'll become very obvious. We talk about these paradoxes. The more weight gain, the greater the drop in A1C. The more weight gain, the greater the improvement in insulin sensitivity. And is it fat gain specifically? No. I'll come back to that in a second. It is fat weight gain and I also believe muscle weight gain. The more weight gain, the greater the improvement in beta cell function. The more weight gain, the greater the drop in blood pressure. The more weight you gain, the greater the drop in triglycerides. The more weight you gain, the rise in the higher the rise in H. The L cholesterol. Sounds like terrible drug, right? So here's another one of those paradoxes. So why would we know if you overeat in gain weight? That's a disaster. But with Pile glycosm, the more weight you gain, everything gets better. What Pile glycosm does is it shifts weight around in the body. In my opinion, it's the best drug for treating Nash. No drug is going to be Pile glycosm. Okay? And the pharmaceutical companies, they don't. If you had to go up against Pile glycosm, all these Nash drugs, I don't believe you can be Pile glycosm. What's the brand name for Pile glycosm? Attoes. Okay? So, the, as I said, there's this, no paradox. So why do you gain weight? Pile glycosm. It redistributes fat in the body. It gets it out of the muscle, puts it in subcutaneous tissue. It gets it out of the liver, puts in subcutaneous tissue. It gets it out of your beta cells, puts it in subcutaneous tissue. That's not going to make you gain weight. The richest density of Pile glycosm receptors in the hypothalamus. So when I activate these Pile glycosm receptors in the hypothalamus, you eat. Okay? Makes you hungry. That's got nothing to do with redistributing the fat in the body, except they parallel each other in association. And so you see the weight gain and people say, well, that's bad. But what's really doing the thing is this recycling. Okay? And moving the fat around. The other negative thing about Pile glycosm is it causes fluid retention. Okay? So people have associated fluid retention with heart failure. Now, why do you get fluid retention? Again, this is people do not understand. Pile glycosm, the only thing, the only drug that is a true insulin sensitizer is Pile glycosm. Met form and it's not a true insulin sensitizer. That total misconception. Pile glycosm, that insulin signaling defect that I told you about. Pile glycosm corrects that defect. It's incredible. So we kind of glossed over this Ralph because we're going to spare people the details, but it's probably worth just reminding people. Insulin binds to the insulin receptor. Yep. That's outside the cell. Yep. Is that a, that's a, that's a, that's a kinase receptor correct. The three tyrosine molecules. Yep. And they have to be phosphorylated. Yep. And if you, in these are studies, then Ron kind of the people embossed. And you mutate one of those tyrosines. You come a little insulin resistant. You mutate two of them. You become moderately insulin resistant. You mutate three of them. You're severely insulin resistant. Insulin binds to the receptor. Yep. Okay. That happens normally in diabetics. We showed that there's no problem there. Then IRS one, insulin receptor substrate one, moves in which is inside the cell, comes up. Yes. Yep. And it, it interacts with the insulin receptor. And it gets, it falls for related on the same three tyrosine molecules. And then you activate P. I. Three kinase, AKT, AS110. We could add some more molecules in here. But this is the insulin signaling pathway. That's the pathway. The earliest defect that you can show in diabetics is in that pathway. Okay. And if I recall, didn't, isn't this where Jerry argued that the intramyicellular lipid was creating the defect in that pathway, the accumulation of intramyicellular lipid? So what Jerry showed very elegantly, okay, is that there are certain lipids. D. G. That is, and it's a specific D. G. They're like several types of D. G. At molecules, which has confused things. So you show, and this is a specific one of the D. G. That activates these eight, eight typical P. K. C. molecules. And that serene phosphorylates the insulin receptor. When you serene phosphorylate the molecules in that pathway, it interacts with them. Okay. And so he's done these very nice elegance that he's both in, in, perform muscle and in the liver showing that this plays a very, very important role in the insulin resistance. This is part of the lipo toxicity. I don't believe that this is the genetic basis, the genetic ideology. This is, you get fat and you start putting fat everywhere. This is very important, critically important. And that was when he gave his banting lecture. And I might say, I'm delighted that I got to write his letter of nomination for the Banting Lecture. He was incredibly deserving. He's done phenomenal work in this area. But that was his Banting Lecture. And you're right. Very, very, very important mechanism of insulin resistance. And so given that that's both a very important and very common pathway towards insulin resistance, bringing it back to P. Pargamma. P. Pargamma is part of the pathway. It's part of the IRS one P. Pargamma P. I. Three K. Yes. Glute for bringing the glucose in the cell. In other words, if people don't want to get mire down in this, which is totally understandable, insulin hits a receptor, that receptor kicks off a cascade that ultimately results in a little tube, being like a little straw that goes into the cell surface that allows glucose to freely flow in against its in its gradient. But remember that same pathway also activates natural oxide synthase. That's right. Generates nitrogoxide. And that's why we see in patients with insulin resistance, even if glucose is controlled cardiovascular disease is still a very important, very important point. So back to actos. Yeah. So it is. So now what does it do? It activates that signaling pathway. You generate nitrogoxide. Now you vasodilate. That's why the blood pressure drops. When you vasodilate, so I'm in a phrologist, I understand this very clearly. Anytime you end up refuse the kidney, you're a whole lot of salt and mortar. You become a deminist. Okay. And so people associate fluid retention in a demon with heart failure. So we did the definitive study. It's published in diabetes care in 2017. People just don't read. Okay. So we took people who had diabetes and we treated them with paleolidism. And then using NMR, very, very sophisticated techniques. What we showed is pale glittersone. Markidly improved my cardiovascular blood flow. Now these numbers are going to blow your mind away. Markardial insulin sensitivity with pet and flow deoxy glucose improved by 75%. Your heart we showed this before is severely ins and resistant. I came pretty damn close to normalizing it's an insulin sensitivity in your heart. Now since we're doing the insulin clamp with treated glucose, you can track it. 74% improvement in skeletal muscle insulin sense. Exactly the same. If you look at ejection fraction, it went up by 5 to 10%. Not down. It went up. If you look at every measure of diastolic dysfunction, E over E over E prime, LV peak filling pressures, et cetera, cardiology people understand this. The point is whether you're looking at systolic function or that is not function, it all got better. So it's a bit of a maybe not so nuanced thinking about the drug. Yeah. Now the critic would push back and say, okay Ralph, but don't we have better drugs like I mean? No drug that they corrects insulin resistance. That form is not an insulin sense thizer and people keep going back to this. So I brought my form into the US in 1995. I know this I did all the mechanism of action studies. And what we showed was the insulin clamp. The drug absolutely does not improve insulin sensitivity. So let's talk about that form and everybody wants to know if metformin is geo-protective, but let's just remind people. Metformin inhibits complex one of the mitochondria is that electron transport chain is that given. Yes, and I'd say this is still controversial. And high doses for sure, yes. And the kind of doses you see with giving metformin, I would say somewhat equivocal in my opinion. So is the belief that metformin's efficacy in diabetes is through reducing hepatic glucose output? That is a hundred percent true. Okay. And what's the mechanism by which it reduces hepatic glucose output? Inhibiting the mitochondrial chain and inhibiting gluconeogenesis. Well, for sure it inhibits gluconeogenesis. Okay. Now metformin gets into cells through the organic cat ion transporter. The organic cat ion transporter doesn't exist in muscle. It can't possibly be an insulin sense thizer and muscle. You're asking the drug to do something that's impossible. And if you give labelled metformin. Does it get into muscle mitochondria? No, it doesn't get into muscle at all. Why does lactate go up when people are taking metformin? Level of the liver. It's interfering with a robotic metabolism. And so there's a block. And this is very important. I have erroneously always believed that some really happy to be corrected. I love being proved wrong. I have always believed that the reason we saw an increase in fasting lactate, even in healthy people if they took metformin was because of the inhibition of the ECT in skeletal muscle. No, no. And you're saying Peter's all in this not possible. It can't get into skeletal muscle? As absolutely not a single molecule in the world of metformin has ever gotten into any skeletal muscle anywhere. And tell me again why what's the transporter? The organic cat ion transporter. That's the transporter at by which metformin enters cells. It does not exist in skeletal muscle. It does not exist in cardiac muscle. So metformin cannot get into these tissues. It's a huge major misconception. It can, if you have very, very high doses that can occur when you have very low GFR because metformin is excretive by the kidney. If the metformin levels build up, you can get lactate gas doses. That's a very, very rare complication. This is not a reason why you shouldn't be using the metformin. And I'm not saying that metformin is not a good drug. It is a good drug. I don't think it's as good as the other three drugs we talked about. But yes, it does at high doses increase elactate level, all in effect on the liver. And the old drug that caused all the problem was fenformin, and by one eye as well. But it had a powerful effect. Your fenformin was much more powerful. Yes. And that's why people were afraid to bring metformin to the US. And when you say high dose, I mean, is two grams a day of metformin? No, that's the normal dose. That's normal dose. Okay. So metformin has the following going for it. It's free. Yes, it's basically free. Yes, it's free. Absolutely. And it does a pretty good job at reducing hepatic glucose output. And it has no myotoxicity. Correct. Frankly, any toxicity. Yeah, the GI, but you can usually overcome that with a slow ramp up. Yeah. And see, this is the reason why some people thought it's an insulin sensor dizer. 15 to 20% of people have significant GI side effects and they lose weight. And if you look at the studies on average, there's about a three kilogram weight loss with metformin. And when you lose weight, you can improve insulin sensitivity. So I think this is what's confused some of the old literature to make people think that metformin was an insulin sensor dizer. But when we developed metformin, and I did all of the work that went to the FDA, if you look at the New England Journal Medicine article, 1995, they're only two names on the paper, myself and a PhD oncology lady who was the person from Leapha Farm Bersuticals. We did insulin clamps. Many of them. We never could show metformin improvements. And then you said, David, using the gold standard with rayo isotopes. Do you think many people, I feel like I'm asking you this question a lot and it's getting a little old. But do you get the sense that most people are still thinking what I think? Which is that metformin gets into the muscle, metformin's an insulin sensor dizer. And it's an insulin sensor dizer by getting into the muscle and inhibiting complex one. Absolutely. Yeah, okay. People have done pet studies. So you can label metformin and you give it. Okay. And then where do you see? It's all accumulating in the liver. Okay. And the first three, four, five, ten minutes. And then what happens? You start to see it accumulating in the kidney. Okay. Why? Because that's where it's excreted. And then wait another five or ten minutes. You see water. Water. Okay. And that's the only place where you see metformin. You never see it in a muscle. Okay. And that's even more graphic demonstration. You know, that metformin is not getting into muscle. And it is definitely not an insulin sensor dizer. Is there a downside to using metformin in combination with the other three drugs of which we know? Nope. The classic study which we'll talk about, which to me should change the entire approach to treating diabetes. It's called the E-DIC study. And in the E-DIC study, what we did is we used triple therapy right from the beginning. And my point of the banting lecture, the ominous octet. If you have eight problems, and I'm sure it's going to be more to be found than I can give you a few more if you want. But if you have eight problems, why in the world do you think one drug is going to correct eight problems? And it could happen in our lifetime. So the point was you need to use drugs in combination. So we said we're going to use what, what we think are the best drugs at the time. So we started with metformin with the Xenotite. And all time GLP one. This is not the kingpin. This is the pre-lear glutite. Yeah, exactly. Because that's what was available. That drug was useless. Wasn't it? No, it's a good drug. Wait, sure. It's not some a glutite. Yeah, it's not that. But you have to start some. Yeah, no, no, no, no, no. Let's pay it. It's due as being the Gen 1 OG version of that drug. Was that which we might not have? We wouldn't have some a glutite or a chisper type. Yes. So it's kind of an old time. And in P.O. Lidso that was the triple therapy. Okay. And then we said every diabetic patient that 315 people in the study, they're having insulin clamps, hyperglycemia clamps, muscle biceps, known in the world can do this study. 315 people follow for six years. Okay. So we said, this is what we believe is the appropriate therapy. And then we said, we'll use the ADA approach. The ADA approach is you start a metformant. Okay. And when you fail, even not explicitly said the next drug that you use this cell phone, you're is. And then the third drug that's added is insulin. And we said that the goal of therapy was an A1C of six and a half. Okay. And that if you're A1C rose above six and a half, either on archipel therapy or on the stepwise treat to fail approach that the ADA says, ADA says, start metformant. You fail. You add cell phone. You're real. You fail. You add insulin. You titrate the insulin basal insulin. So it's up to 60 units. And we said 60 units is really will cap it because you're already a two X physical object. And now you have to now split the dose of insulin. You have to be adding rapid acting insulin. I think this is quite reasonable. Six years later. Okay. 29% of the people with the ADA approach have failed. The A1C is above six and a half. Six years later with our approach, 70% of the people have an A1C that's less than six and a half. Why? Insulin clamp. Huge improvement with our therapy. Okay. This is the EDX study. The three-year data published the six-year data we're writing it up. How much improvement in insulin sensitivity with the ADA approach? Zero. Beta cell function. You have almost a normal beta cell. Who are off? Why the disconnect between between what you're seeing in the EDX study and what the ADA is promoting? You have to ask the ADA. What's their answer? If I'm a patient and I'm or if I'm a physician who's treating these patients and I'm saying guys I'm confused. I'm looking at the literature. I'm seeing this. I'm looking at your- I'm by the way, I see this with the AHA and cardiovascular guidance. So I'm not singling out you or your- Yeah. But like, is this simply a question of the pace at which medicine moves is so glacial? That's part of it. Plus, remember, if to do three and a 15 people, follow them for 16 years and do all this stuff we did, it's not equivocal. And why has there not been political pressure? Because the cost of insulin is enormous and more approach is going to be less expensive. They finally said in 2022, this is statement. The ADA approach is not based on pathophysiology. I view myself as a scientist, okay? As well as a clinician. As a good clinician, I taken care of hundreds of thousands of patients and I've done 850 publications. I do clinical research. I work in people. When I do an insulin clamp study and I see an improvement in insulin sensitivity, I do a hyperglycemic clamp and I see in 315 people, your base of function, I don't need 5,000 people. I don't need- I can't do this study in 5,000 people. No one can do this study. But the tools that we're using are so powerful. Look, if I normalize your insulin sensitivity and I give you a normal beta cell and your A1C is less than 6 and a half and it's half of the 315 people, why you not think that's the best therapy. Okay? And now on the other side, I have this metformin-SU insulin and that 71% of the people have failed. There's zero improvement in insulin sensitivity. Zero improvement in beta cell function. Well, you think that's a good regimen. And now above and beyond all that, I didn't do this study. This is the great study. G-R-A-D-E. It's sponsored by the National Institutes of Health. And what the great study said is- and I have to say this is the third study that's shown when I'm going to tell you. Dr. Robert Turner's United Kingdom Prospective Diabetes Studies showed this in your 1990. Stephen Kahn showed this in the adopt study in year 2005. And now we have the great study. 2020. I called this the 15-year Revolution. Revelation. We saw what didn't work 1990. Oh, Stephen Kahn did it again. Oh, it didn't work in 2005. And now 2020, and I did it. You know what? All show the same thing. And this was a sequential approach. You had to fail on metformin to get into this study. Okay, so you failed in metformin. Then you entered the study. Then we go single agent. I can, they, they want to know what's the best next drug to add to metformin. I can add a cell for all you're, yeah. A when see went down in year one, up straight. I can add, tell folks how a cell for all your rear works. Yeah, cell for all your rear is our old time drugs. They bind to the cell phone area receptor on the beta cell and the kick out insulin. And they're very good drugs in the first year. And then they burn out the pancreas. And well, they stop working. Yeah, I mean basically, they don't, they kick the can down the road without addressing the pathophysiology. It, that, I like that way. Yes. Then, other drug, DPP for inhibitor. Tell people how those work. So a DPP for inhibitor increases your GLP1 and your GIP level. And, and dodgously, it makes your gastrointestinal cells the K and the L cells that secret the GLP1 and GIP makes them make more GLP1 and GIP. But it, it doesn't increase the GLP1 and GIP enough to really give you a knockout punch. I give you an injection. You all, people are out there, uh, MontGiro or SamogluTide. That's the knockout punch. Okay. When I give you the DPP for inhibitors, they, yeah, they, they do increase the GLP1 and GIP a little bit, but not powerful enough to give you a long lasting effect. So first year, A1C comes down, A1C goes up. Uh, third drug, that, this was very surprising to me. This was LerigluTide. This is one of the earlier GLP1 receptor drugs. Yeah. I thought that was going to work the best. It failed. It worked in the first year and then failed. And then the fourth drug was insulin. And the, the docs just didn't type to ate the insulin enough. So A1C had that and then they failed. So five years later, all four of those regimens added to metphonement failed. Triple therapy, Exendotype, an old time GLP1, PLL, which people don't appreciate. The only true insulin sets thyser and metphonement, six years later, you're 70% of the people have an A1C less than seven. And, and let's just go back. Metphonement is free. The Gen 1, uh, Exendotype. Exendotype. Exendotype. Basically free. It's basically free now. PLL Litison is five dollars a month. Okay. So we have three free drugs that work better. Correct. Now it's interesting. When you talk about today's triple therapy, which is way more efficacious, different to those three drugs are very expensive. Yes. Yes. GLT2 inhibitors are very expensive and the modern day Gen 3, Gen 4, and soon we'll have a Gen 5. Yeah. GLP1, they're very pricey. If they're $1000 a month for the, yeah. Now are they great drugs? So the question is of course. Yes. But, but I guess the question is, do they do you need to be on those drugs if your old version of triple therapy? Our old version is incredibly effective. The problem is you can't get people to use PLL Litison. And the reason is the patients are frustrated with the fact that they're retaining water? Uh, no, more that they, they wait game weight. How much weight do they gain typically? How many do they gain? The pens on the dose. Like I don't go to the 45 milligrams, those. So at the end of the year, they may gain two or two and a half kilos at the 15 and 30 milligrams dose. Okay. But there anyone sees control? So you have to explain to people. Here's another incredible thing. So there was a cardiovascular. This is truly incredible. By the way, I'm sorry to interrupt you again. If you give PO plus a modern day G, G, 1, we've done offset the weight. Okay. Oh, you lose all the weight. You go lose with the G, L, and receptor. So if a patient is willing to go down the path of a modern day G, L, P, 1, that's because of that completely eliminate. Absolutely. And he also gets rid of the edema. Yeah. And believe me, there, everyone sees her down in the normal range. You know, if you took my hands. So let me tell you this first thing about PO, L, is on an proactive comeback movement. Yeah. If this. So in the proactive study, this was done long time ago. You have to show cardiovascular safety. 5,238 people to get in the study. You had to have an MI stroke of something bad. Have people on PO, L, is on have to people on placebo. Okay. And the MACE endpoint, major adverse cardiovascular events, which is non-failm i, non-fatal stroke cardiovascular mortality, you have to show the benefit to get approval by the FDA. The MACE endpoint was positive. Okay. And so when I talk to cardiologists, I like to say, what was the one thing in the PO glycosone that predicted that you would not die? They don't know. You know what the one thing that predicted that you wouldn't die? Wait game. Hmm. So I jokingly say, look, you can either be a little fat in alive or you can be lean in dead, which one you're going to pick. I think I go for being a little bit chubby. So again, but now, that's not even a necessary comparison. You don't even need to make that trade off with a modern day GOP, what I'm going to say. And we've done this and we've done this. If you tied my hands behind my back and said, Ralph, you can only pick one drug. I would pick one of the newer GOP ones. They're incredible drugs. Now, but that's not what I'm going to do. Even for a lean diabetic? They're a little bit different story, but the answer is basically yes. Okay. But let me narrow that down a little bit. If I had to pick two drugs, I would pick peeled littison with one of the newer drugs. And for sure, if you had any kind of renal of cardiac disease, I'm going to pick an STLT2 inhibitor. But I would say, although this study will never be done, if you're a newly diagnosed diabetic, you don't have any cardiac symptoms. Why do you think that the STLT2 inhibitor is not doing all of the beneficial things in that newly diagnosed diabetic that it's doing and the people who get into these studies already have cardiac disease. So if you have a cardiac problem, I put you on the STLT2 inhibitor. You're less likely to have MI stroke, et cetera. It's doing good things. It's doing, in my opinion, the exact same good thing and someone who I'm just diagnosing for the first time when I put them on the STLT2 inhibitor. But no one is ever going to do a study. It's impossible. I'm going to take 1,000 people you have to take 5, you probably have to take 20,000 people, newly diagnosed. And then 10,000 going, STLT2 and 10,000 on placebo. I'm going to follow them for 20 years to see who's going to have their heart attack. No one's going to do that study. Are they going to get all kinds of drugs? So no one is going to be able to show. But that's sort of like, yeah, that's never going to happen. But I also don't think it needs to happen in the same way that I agree with you. In the same way that we saw, for example, you know, PCSK9 inhibitors reduced mace in people with secondary prevention. Yeah. Take people who had already suffered mace, put them on a PSPSK9 inhibitor, you secondary prevention reduce subsequent. Well, of course, everybody's using these for primary prevention. Now that's effectively what you're saying. Sure. We already know the STLT2 works for secondary prevention that may never get approval for primary prevention. But it probably justifies it's a way of playing it. Yeah. I agree with you 100%. So just to make sure I'm synthesizing what you're saying, Ralph, if you only get one drug and your price agnostic, GOP1 agnist, if you get to add a second drug, you're going to add PO. If you get a third drug, especially if you care about your heart, STLT2. Yes, STLT2. What's amazing is metformin didn't even make the top three in your list. But it's never for it. But so here's my question. Given that metformin is free, yeah. Should we just be adding it the second we put on the GOP1? I don't have any problem with that. Yep. And also we have to be cognizant of the fact, you know, these new GOP ones, they're what they're supposed to be. Yeah, but they're $1000 a month. Yeah. So, you know, I want to ask you about that. So, so the just again for the listeners, right? The semi-glutides Gen 3 Trezzepotide is Gen 4. Reddit TrueTide is coming out assuming the phase 3 goes according to plan. And Kagee Sema is the new Nova one. Yeah. So here, let's go back to Reddit TrueTry. Yeah. GLP1. Yeah. GIP. And Glucogon. Glucogon. Can you explain that in the context of the octet? Where Glucogon is going up? Yeah. I can. I think. Okay. But it's not proving. All right. Okay. So, remember, I told you that insulin knocks down Glucogon. So, if I give you a GLP1 receptor agonist and I kick out insulin and I get you well insulinized, any negative effect that might be related to Glucogon is going to be updated. Okay. So, that Glucogon effect to drive a paddock glucose production will be totally blunted by the insulin secretory effect. And see, this is the other thing about this is me about these GLP1s. These are the best drugs in the world for losing weight. These are the best drugs in the world for saving your beta cell. People, I told you that when you eat a meal 70% of the insulin that's secreted is coming from the GLP1 and the GIP. People are not talking about this effect on the beta cell. This, I told you, if you want to look at type 2 diabetes, big problems beta cell failure insulin resistance. These GLP1s, they're saving your beta cell. I mean, we forgot about we've come so enamored with the weight loss. And I don't want to downplay that at all because the weight loss and the lipo toxicity, a huge problem is causing the insulin resistance. But people are forgotten how powerful the drugs are on the beta cell. So, when I give you this drug and they work on the beta cell with kick out insulin, any negative thing that GLP1s doing will be totally negated. Now, you may see some good things that GLP1s are doing that we couldn't appreciate before. So, what are the good things? Some people have suggested that the increase is thermogenesis energy expenditure. I don't believe that. There are animal data. I don't believe this in human. I believe that it's exerting an inorectic effect in the central nervous system. That is, I think, yet to be established. Pretty sure there's that is going on now at the Pennington Institute. And maybe also in Orlando where they have these chambers where you can. Yeah, yeah. So, I think we'll get an answer about you know, energy expenditure. I, yeah, I would be surprised if they're going to see a clinically meaningful increase in non-involent energy expenditure. I think it's all appetite. And here's another issue, okay? So, it is very interesting if you look at all these big GLP1s studies, cardiovascular. What's the reduction in cardiovascular events? Almost uniformly 20%. All dudes, ex-enitide, et cetera, Lyrgyl, et new dudes, 20%. Even though the weight loss with the new ones is much greater. I suspect in terms of cardiovascular benefit, there is a cap that once you've lost a certain amount of weight and you've gotten a certain amount of lipo toxicity and all the good things that these drugs are doing, you don't go beyond that. Even though you're losing more weight. And also, if you look at the A1c, you know, yes, Monjaro does drop the A1c a little bit more than Semaglu-Tide, but they're both pretty powerful. Retouritide does a little bit more than the Cardi-Cardi-Sema do a little bit more, but they don't do a lot more. So, I also think there's also going to be a somewhat of a cap on how much you drop the A1c. You know, you get two and a half percent drop. Can you drop it three? Do you need to drop it three? So, you're saying if a person shows up with a, let me go up in A1c of nine and a half percent. Yep. This is a person who hasn't come to medical attention soon enough. And I'm going to give you the answer definitively, but I'm a little bit just to ask the question. You're happy if they only go from nine and a half percent to seven percent. If they only had a two and a half percent drop, you wouldn't try to get them down to six percent. I would and we've done this study. Okay. All-time guys, all right. So, this is called the Cotars Study. So, there's this concept that's out there and again, people don't what's always amazing to me. What drives me as science? If you understand pathophysiology and this in abnormality and you correct the abnormality, things get better. Okay? So, in the Cotars Study, and there are 220 people who are so in the study. To get into the Cotars Study, you had to be poorly controlled and met form in cell following real. So, you had to have failed on this. And the average A1c was about 10. And about a third of these people were symptomatic, meaning they had polyuretholic dips here, they were losing weight. And so, the current concept is, in those people, you would put them on a mixed split insulin regimen. You would get rid of the glucotoxicity, you would get rid of the lipotoxicity, and you get their A1c down to six and a half. And then, now you could put them back on the oral medications or whatever. And now they respond because you got rid of the glucotoxicity in lipotoxicity. We said, well, that may or may not be true. So, we said, well, half of these people are starting with an A1c above 10. We'll go on a mixed split insulin regimen, okay? With a large union of rapid acting insulin. And the other half, I got to go on that old dude, ex-editide, MPO-gletizo, one of the people I like to use, okay? Three years later, the A1c in the group with the mixed split insulin regimen is 7.1%. And we're very good at insulin. Why couldn't we go lower? Because we got into trouble with hypoglycemia, okay? The A1c in the group, treated with ex-editide and PO-litisone is 6.1%. And so, then we said, okay, look, we'll do a subgroup analysis. And so, about one third of the people were, we'll just look at the people who are symptomatic. The starting A1c is 12.2. Three years later, their A1c is 6.1. How long? 6.1? Three years later? 12? Yeah. 12.2 symptomatic. On which combination? He's an Italian PO-gletisone. Without even metformin. Without they'd fail or metformin, they'd get into the study, okay? So, what we're saying? Look, if you have drugs that correct the insulin resistance, that's PO-gletisone. Again, Ralph, this is almost impossible for me to imagine. I can send you all the papers. I'll publish, but I just, I hope every single family medicine internist, everyone who ever takes care of somebody with diabetes is listening. I also do, because you're basically saying, we can take these two old, cheap drugs and take someone from the most brittle type two diabetes. I mean, a hemoglobin A1c of 12, very mad. We're knocking on death's door. Correct. You're going to go blind. Yep. You're going to have your toes amputated. You're not ever going to have an erection again. And you're going to die of cardiovascular disease or kidney disease or Alzheimer's disease quickly. These numbers, I don't have a telly there right from the paper, and it's a lie. It's over 200 people. And in a couple of years, on two old, cheap drugs, you're normal. Yep. And what makes these studies so solid is we have very sophisticated pathophysiologic measurements. No one can do what we do. So the only way back is those patients are going to have to gain a couple of kilograms of, but of course, if you're willing to now spend a bit more money and switch them from Gen 1 to Gen 3 to Gen 4, GLP 1, Agnist and GIP, then all of a sudden you ameliorate that and you get all the benefits. This becomes an on-issue. If it puts costs the side. In fact, if you, I would wonder if you add metformin, you almost cancel out the weight gain a little bit. Because you might get a little bit of the GI improvement and you get the two to three kilos of weight loss there. Minus. These drugs are so powerful and you put them with peel, lit a zone. You don't get the, you lose almost the same amount of weight. They're huge in terms of getting you to lose, lose weight. Which was that study? This is called the Qatar. It was done in Qatar. QA. I think Qatar are the country. The country. I need to give credit to Dr. Muhammad Abdu Ghani, who's been my coworker and all of these studies. My amends on the faculty at UT in our diabetes division. Can we at least assume that the Gulf states are paying attention to this? A the study was done in Qatar. B the Gulf states are disproportionately ravaged by Type II diabetes. Yep. Is it at least being heated there? They are. And I can tell you we have a big program that's going on there as well as in Kuwait. And we actually have a formal cooperative agreement with the Kuwaiti people. So at the Dazman Diabetes Institute, we have trained them. My people have been there, trained them how to do these insulin collapse and sophisticated metabolic studies. And they take here the patients and we're comparing the genetic. So here's another thing that's pretty exciting that we're doing. So again, it's looking for genes that cause diabetes. So you eat a meal. Okay, you eat a meal. Your glucose goes up. That's a great insulin. There's, I mean, no acids in the meal. That's a great insulin. And GLP1 goes up and that's a great insulin. So now, when you eat a meal, there are already three stimuli. And now you're looking for a gene or a set of genes that might be associated with beta cell failure. When you have three stimuli, now that's going to be pretty confusing. So what we said, what maybe what we should do is that we should do a three step hybrid lysemic clamp. So we give you three steps of glucose and we can get beta cell sensitivity to glucose. From the slope, I give you a little rise in glucose and other rise in glucose and other rise in glucose. I see how much CPAPTide comes up. The slope of that curve is that's beta cell sensitivity to glucose. And then the M value is where it hits the axis. And then I can get glucose. But this is just now I'm going to focus on the beta cell. Okay. Because the hyper lysemic clamp is just for beta cell okay. And then after that, now I'm going to give you GLP1 infusion. And I'm going to see how much insulin comes out. And then after that, I'm going to give you an balanced amino acid infusion. I'm going to see how much insulin comes out. So you can sequentially measure the different three different stimuli. And now what we see is different low-side. Some are associated with the effect in glucose. Some are associated with the defect in amino acid. So again, the more you can refine the phenotype, the more likely you are to identify defects that are at the level of the beta cell. Let's go back to the guitar study for a second. How many people were in that study? About 2020. Okay. Big study when you do these insulin clamps, these kind of measurements are not easy to do. That was published one. Let's see. I would say the one and a half year data would probably about 2018. And the three year data I would say 2021-22, something like that. I can send you all the references. Will link to all of these in our show notes for folks. Yeah, just simply phenomenal. Let me ask a question. If you take an individual with type 2 diabetes or insulin resistance and you presumably collecting urinary CPAP type for 24 hours is the best surrogate for insulin, total insulin secretion? No. Well, it's an index. Okay. So if you could quantify total area under the curve of insulin for a person and then you gave them a GLP1 agonist, is total insulin going up or down? The pens. Because you have competing factors going on here. And I'm not trying to be elusive because I don't know. What I'm telling you is actually real. It's what happens. So the drug is going to kick out insulin and CPAP type is going to go up. And now the glucose is going to come down. And then you need less insulin. And then you need less. So depending upon the relationship, okay, when you look at absolute terms, okay, the CPAP that insulin levels actually may be lower. But now when you express how much CPAP type comes up for the rise in glucose, huge increase. Okay. So you always have to have in a something that you compare it to and that's the increment in glucose. And anytime you look at how much insulin comes out or CPAP type, which is another confusing fact, which I'll mention in a second, you always have to relate it to the glucose area. When you do that, a huge increase in beta cell function. Okay. And the other thing you have to be very careful about is you need to be measuring CPAP type not insulin. And because what we've shown is that when, and this is a compensatory mechanism. Maybe just tell folks, I threw out CPAP type as though everybody knew what it is. That's a mistake. Tell people what CPAP type isn't what its relationship is to insulin. Yeah. So when you ingest a meal, you, they're saying precursor that contains both CPAP type and insulin pro-insulin. And so you split off CPAP type and you split off insulin. And they both come out in the one-to-one molaracio. The problem is half of the insulin that comes out is taken up by the liver. So you never see it in the circulating bloodstream. The CPAP type is not taken up by the liver. So everything that comes out you see in the circulation. So when we want to know how much insulin was secreted, we actually don't measure the insulin. We measure the CPAP type. And that's the true measure. Now the other confounding feature here is we show this and this is now been reproduced by many other people is that when you become insulin resistant in diabetic, your beta cells don't secret enough insulin. That's one of the big defects. How do you compensate? You don't destroy the insulin that's secreted. So the degradation of insulin becomes markedly impaired. So you can have a high insulin level either because you secret too much insulin or because you don't destroy the insulin. So measuring the insulin level is not a good measure of beta cell function. If you want to know about insulin secretion, measure the CPAP type and express it per rise in glucose. It gets a little bit more clouded because your beta cell also can recognize how insulin resistant you are. And so it knows, look, if you're this insulin resistant, I need to secret more insulin. If you're a very insulin sensitive like your lean person with normal glucose tolerance, you don't want to secret much insulin or you get high-bolglycemic. How does your beta cell recognize that? Well that's some controversial, I can give you my thoughts about it. But in either case, so measuring beta cell function is not just simply measuring insulin. That's probably bad. Your measuring CPAP that is better. measuring CPAP type, paris and glucose is better. And then for somewhere and other, if you can express this all, per insulin resistance, this is called the disposition index, something that Dr. Stephen Kahn developed with Daniel Port many, many years ago. So simply looking as I said as insulin or trying to do an OGTT and come up and say you know how the beta cell is working, that's not so good. And that's why I say like in the contours study in the EDIC study, we're doing such sophisticated measures of insulin sensitivity and beta cell function. You do 350 people, that's like doing one of these big cardiovascular studies with 5000 people in it. The pathophysiology will always tell you the truth in my opinion. If you know what the problem is and you correct the problem, the A1C is going to get better. A8A does not emphasize pathophysiology, you know? You had geracial men on it. I'm sure Gerrie will tell you exactly the same in I think very simply, you understand what causes a disease and then you can come with the treatment that will make it work. Do you have any concerns with long-term safety or anything other than simply the economics of the GLP ones in this current generation? Again, huge, huge leap forward between Lyra Glutide and Semiclutide. And I've discussed briefly elsewhere on the podcast what the roadmap looks like for how many of these drugs are in the pipeline. Oh yeah. There seems to be no end in sight. We're going to look back at Semiclutide and say God, that thing was pedestrian. That's going to happen. So give us the bear case. What should we be concerned with? What should be at least looking out for it? Yeah. I would say, overall at the present time, I would consider these drugs to be quite safe. The major issues, Jeff, they'll go slow because of the GI toxicity. Where is the controversy involved and it's something that I'm involved with myself? When you lose 20 or 30% of your body weight, you lose muscle mass. Okay? Now, I just gave a talk on this to one of the pharmaceutical companies that involved in this area. I'm not going to name the name of the pharmaceutical company. But I started off by saying, look, here is now a study with real data. This is a gastric bypass surgery study, room-wide bypass. And the people lost, I think it was 33% of their body weight. And their lean body mass came down quite significantly. One of the problems is people make your lean body mass and that's not a real measure of muscle mass. In fact, it can be a very bad measure. You should measure muscle mass. But let's assume that the lean body mass largely reflects the reasonable assumption of muscle mass. So muscle mass came down. Okay? So why is that so bad? But how much did it come down? Because if your total body mass came down by 33% but three quarters of that mass was fat. Yeah. And only one quarter of that was lean. We would consider that acceptable. And this is where the controversy is because no one is really measured muscle mass. That's right. We're doing it. Okay. We will have it definitively. And you're doing that with MR. Yeah. Okay. So it's gold standard. Okay. But now I said, look, in this study, they measured absolute strength. You can do grip strength or leg strength. And absolute strength went down a little bit. Okay? Maybe 25%. With these patients exercising during the period. No, no, no, no, no. No. No. No. No. Then they said, let's express strength as a weight loss. Yeah. Who? By 50%. Per appendicular goes up by 50%. And then they said, how far can they walk? They went from walking 200 yards to two miles. And then say, one of the things is how many times can you get up out of a chair in a certain period of time? And it increased like three or four fold. And they measured your VO2 max. Of course, which is heavily dependent on weight as well. Yeah. It all got better. But in absolute terms, the VO2 max get better, not necessarily. The total VO2, not normalized per kilogram. No. Everything got better. Okay. So I said, so why you guys? That's counterintuitive, by the way. Normally when you lose weight, VO2 max and leaders per minute does not improve because you have less metabolic tissue. But here, for whatever the reasons are maybe all of the fat that's pushing on your lungs. So you can't oxygenate the epocardial fat that's not allowed in the heart to contract. The fat that's in the heart is causing myocardial lipotoxid, which I believe is real. These things are all changing in a positive way. So again, it's a balance. So yeah. So of course, they don't like this. Because if the people in, they had all kinds of psychological questionnaires. Why weren't they happy with these results? Well, because they, now the companies are all looking at developing drugs that will preserve the muscle mass or increase the muscle mass. But basically what I'm saying is that look, there's a huge, it's lean body mass. But we have to say, it's reflecting muscle mass. Everything gets better. The patient feels better. They can walk better. They feel stronger, et cetera, et cetera. Why are you so worried about muscle mass? Like, I look all these gloomy faces because they're all developing mice that inhibitors are and so then the next slide comes up and says, retort. Here's a good thing. Okay. So now, if you lose all of this body weight and you improve insulin sensitivity and muscle, and you improve it in the heart and there are cardiovascular benefits and you correct the improvement in all of the cardiovascular risk factors. Now, even though you lost muscle mass, if you've improved insulin sensitivity, there may be any enormous benefit of seeing the improvement in the muscle insulin sensitivity, even though you've lost muscle mass. And they do have some concerns about these drugs, these amounts that never, that actually may have some negative effects in the heart. And my suggestion is actually, you may find a big improvement in my cart of function from these, how cl- where are myostatin inhibitors in their development, right? Thanks, too. Yeah. And of course, I think we've talked about myostatin before on the podcast. When you inhibit myostatin, you increase the expression of striated muscle, of which cardiac is striated. It was through the event to A and to B system. Do you think that's a more promising pathway than the follow-statin pathway where follow-statin Yes, I do. Increasing, increasing follow-statin inhibits myostatin, but this is a more direct way to go about it. This is a more direct way to do it. So you can either have their antibodies by a group of to myostatin or you can interfere with the signaling receptor itself. And we think that this can still be effective in a fully developed and mature adult. I mean, clearly this would be effective during development. And we see that in the animal. Yeah. Is it how effective is it? Because a lot of the animal work is sort of a character sure stuff. It's knockouts, right? They take myostatin knockouts and they look like bodybuilders. Yeah. But if you take a mature chicken or a mouse that's two years old and you give it a myostatin antibody, how robust is the response? Even more so, let about in human. Yeah, exactly. We don't know the answer to that. So what the phase two studies, obviously the toxicity passed in phase one. Yes, yeah. I'm not concerned. There doesn't seem to be any adverse effect of these drugs or they wouldn't got through phase two. And there are actually some fairly large phase two medication. The indica. Is it a sarcopeneo? I don't know. You know, the FDA, if you have a sarcopeneic disease, there are criteria that the FDA has established. If you want to develop a drug that you have to meet certain criteria, I'm not an expert in this. So I can't tell you exactly what these criteria are. But they're pretty well established. Okay? Now, for these kind of people and I'm going to come back, you asked me about lean people, come back that in a second, because this is really an issue. What? Let's say I put you on a gelp1 receptor against the new loss 25% of your body weight. And I put you on a mice that inhibitor and that prevented the muscle loss didn't increase it, but just prevented it. So relatively. But that would be ridiculous. I mean, if you took a 200 pound individual, whose 30% body fat. So they've got 60 pounds of adipose tissue on them. Yep. If you took 25% of their body weight off, you take them down to 150 pounds. But you're telling me potentially we prevent any deterioration of lean mass. Yeah. That means they're down to 10 pounds of fat mass on 150 pounds of lean. So I'm making an assumption. Okay. This is remarkable. Yeah. So let's say that happened. Okay. What would be the FDA's criteria? I'm going to give you approval for this drug. I think the FDA would ask that you've also improved function in some way. Yes. And the function would probably be have to be determined through absolute strength, not relative strength would be my guess. So I don't know the answer to this question. Because that's it. Because the way I think about these drugs is less about that situation. It's more in the it's more in the sarcopenic adult. This is the lead, particularly the old person. That's right. That's right. This is the elderly individual who's sarcopenic. Yes. Fall risk is enormous. Yes. And their risk of fall and morbidity and mortality is very high. Yeah. And in that individual, I don't think the FDA will be satisfied with simply an increase in lean body mass unless it is accompanied by strength. Now, I think that some of the tests that are used here are silly. I think the six minute walk test should be folded up. This card put in the waist basket and never discussed again. It is such a stupid test. They do it all the time. I know they do and kind of just makes me want to scream. Yeah. We need much more rigorous tests than a six minute walk test. We need a test that is actually more of a sub maximal test. So if we're testing cardi respiratory fitness or some sort of peak aerobic fitness, we have to do more than walking. And if we're testing strength, I much prefer grip strength, leg extension, bench press. Again, these can be done with machines. They can be done very safely. But we really need to test strength. Well, you see, you're raising very important in critical issues. Because there are many, many companies that are going ahead with these drugs. That increase muscle mass. But to me, okay, increasing muscle mass, what does that mean? It needs to be some functional translation of that. And by the way, there could be other functional benefits that exceed strength. For example, glucose disposal could be a function. That's the one that's put at the top of the list. That's right. Get rid of the insulin resistance. That they have to, they won't give them credit for that. I don't think. Yeah. But I think that again, it's harder to tease out because there's more moving pieces and they might argue there are easier ways to increase insulin sensitivity glucose disposal. But one way to think about this is to go back to what if you did it the old fashion way? What if you got in the gym and lifted a bunch of weights? That's been done. Yeah. And it increases insulin sensitivity and functional strength. And so the question is, can we replicate that pharmacologically? And that is actually exactly the way I ended my discussion to these people. I showed them what resistance training did. And if you could show what resistance training did with your muscle mass increase, then you'd have something. But you need to design this studies appropriately. And as I said, as you said, I don't know what the criteria are going to be that the FDA uses to judge these things. They do have a sarcopenia set of criteria. But that's a very different group of people that we're talking about. But this comes and hits on one of the things you asked me earlier. What about the lean person who's 80 years of age? Is this the right drug for that person? I don't know. Maybe not. But now let's say you have a healthy, 80 year old person and everybody in the family lives to be 105. And they have diabetes. Well, they're at risk to, you know, the toxic effects of hyperlaseemia would it be reasonable to treat that person? We know this powerful effects on the beta cell. I would say it would be quite reasonable. But I think you need to monitor what's happening to their weight and other features. Here's a bigger issue. Childhood obesity. You are obese when you're four years of age. You're going to be obese when you're at that. And your life expectancy will be significantly and your quality of life will be significantly reduced. Now, I can even better. At lessons, these young kids with diabetes, they don't respond to any of the drugs. What is the prevalence of type 2 diabetes in under 18? It's increasing, but I would say maybe around 4 or 5 percent something like that. 5, 120 teenagers has type 2 diabetes. I guess I'm biased by San Antonio, because we have more people with type 2 diabetes in our clinic. But you could say potentially in San Antonio, one out of 2018 and you're going to be very high. That is for average or pre-divies. And I'll tell you about the pre-divies that we did. So now, let's say you're, and we know these studies are out there. These kids, and this began in age, sponsored study. They don't respond to metform itself, all you read is they don't respond to any drugs very well. Even the GOP one I can ask? The first study has just come out that respond better. It's a little agglutite study. They don't have any of the two. But if you're just clinically, if you're in the clinic, and you're treating them without, you know, you're using the best drugs you have available. Here's, here's your travel. And we know, why? Because you can't get them control. Why? There's an ink. There are so insulin resistant, much more more so than adults. These are well published studies. Is this not so much? Is the causality here not? Is this really a selection bias where for someone to develop type 2 diabetes as a 16 year old, the underlying genetics and pathology are so severe that the current crop of drugs are the problem as opposed to when you take the current crop of drugs and you apply them to people who are young, they don't work. All three, because I'm a bit more, genetic predisposition. So Hispanic population is problem. Obesity, all of these kids are huge. Okay. So you don't have the lean diabetic phenotype in the age. Nine of these people. And then the drugs don't work very well. And so all three of these things. And what now is come. It's called the rise study. And these kids have been followed up. They're starting to develop kidney disease. They're even, I'm told a couple of people have had MIs in their 20s. They're incredibly difficult to control. What do you think? I mean, not that, I mean, yes, we're going to argue that these kids are that this is due to what they're eating. But what is it in the environment that is so a piece of genetic to these kids? I'll come back to this in a second. But I want to raise the issue now. Let's say you're 16 and you don't met moments of these drugs or not. You're anyone see us nine? You can put someone on my jarrel. And they're going to have to take this for the rest of their life. Because as soon as you stop the drug goes on. So this is what I treat the person, of course. I can't let the A would see nine. But if you take that 16 year old with a hemoglobin one, two, nine, and you give them a jarrel. Where are they in a year? I think that if they can afford the drug and they stay on the drug, the three big gifts, if the doctor knows what to do, I know what to do. If the patient will cooperate with you, if you don't, they'll lose every time. And if they can afford. If you can satisfy those three F's, that person we know from the studies be pretty well controlled. And insurance, what fraction of insured patients will have coverage on Mingero if their A1C is nine? I don't, I can't answer that. But does CMS cover it? Does Medicaid cover that? Yes, if you have diabetes. I don't know. The Mingero coverage I think is pretty good if you have diabetes. If you have obesity, that's a different, if you have obesity without. That's a whole different issue. Should you be treating these young kids who are obesity is a disease. It's got all kinds of problems. Should you put these young kids on these newer drugs? And knowing that all I did is change you from food addiction to drug addiction. I didn't do anything else. It's almost like alcohol addiction, okay? There are drugs that things I can give you that can help you, but it tend to relapse. Food addiction, I put you on the drug, you lose weight. You stop the drug, you regain the weight. This is a huge public health concern. It's almost way beyond my capacity because finances are involved here. Can we afford to treat 42% of the people in the US or obese? Or is there some way amongst the 42% we can define who are the people who are in some resistant, who are the people of the metabolic syndrome that we know they're at risk, that we can treat them. My guess is that's the great majority of that 42% of the people. Can we treat all of those people? And moreover, they're going to stay on the drug. We know on average what the data is saying. I put you on the drug. We don't know all the reasons why, but within a year, half of the people stop the drug. Yeah, it's probably a combination of cost and side effects. Yeah. And my patients very commonly tell me, you know, say Ralph, I enjoy eating. I can't eat anymore. And some people just tell me they just want to eat. And so I'm going to get fat against. So when you eat, some is GI side effects. And some is cost. $1000 a month. There's a lot of money for it. Yeah, it's insane. Yeah. For the people. So Ralph again, I just kind of bring it back to this question, which I mean, everybody wants to understand this, which is what has changed so much in the last 30 years that has created this epidemic. And, you know, everybody has their favorite pet theory for what it is. It's the sugar. It's the carbs. It's the plastics. It's the video games. It's the internet. It's the whatever. Perhaps suggesting that it's many, many things. What is what is your best explanation for what's going on? I would say all of the above process foods, chlorically dense foods, lack of exercise, a critical. But these are, I would say, the stimuli that has done something that's changed the North circuitry in the brain. So yes, there's a stimulus. And because now you've been oversubscribed to these stimuli, that's now initiated a process in the brain, which is going to be a self-fulfilling process. This is something that I'm very interested in, Dr. Peter Fox and I at the Health Science Center. But if you go through the literature, and we've published on this as well, in the areas of the brain that control food intake. And I'm not talking about the hypothalamus, that kind of regulate your basal energy intake. What you need to be, keep your BMI of 25, do what you do during the day. But what is it that makes you a BMI go to 35? That's all related to the hedonic areas in the brain. The putin, the amygdala, the prefrontal cortex, et cetera. And then when you do structural MRI, what you can show is that those areas in the brain, the gray matter, is shrunk down. And if you now map the neural circuitry, which Peter Fox has been involved with, you can see that this clear disruption using functional MRI of the neural circuitry in the brain. We have a particular interest in defining where this function occurs. And we have some ideas which I'm not going to go into, but how we might be able to sort of reprogram the brain. And sort of in concert with this, these are not updated, but these are data that are published in the literature. And I think I mentioned this earlier, if you do an insulin clamp, I told you that in your brain doesn't respond by taking up glucose, but in people who are obese, actually almost improposited to how obese you are in these areas in the brain, hedonic areas, there's a marked increase in, it's called Florida deoxy glucose, which is the pet railway step tray, so we use in these areas. And that correlates inversely with the muscle insulin resistance. The more insulin resistant they are in the muscle, the more FDG glucose. I'll take there is in the brain. Now this is very interesting because what it's saying, there's a connection that somehow or another, we believe that the brain is talking to the muscle, or the muscle is talking to the brain, and that somehow or rather the brain is playing a very important role in the development of the insulin resistance and that in large part that this deranged neurosurgery, which is related to food intake, is now making you overeat. And as you overeat, then all of the things that we know that we've studied, that other people have studied, that go with lipo toxicity, you put fat in the muscle, you're insulin resistant, you put fat in the lip you got nationalneffled, what people have totally overlooked, you put fat in the kidney disease, you put fat in the heart, yeah, yeah. So you've been in San Antonio since the late eighties, when did you really start to notice this was a problem at least in your community? Almost intangiously because I've run the text, even in kids, even in kids. It was very cool. We can't blame video games, we can't blame social media because that wasn't going on in the late eighties. So I never saw fat kids at Yale, and I was on the faculty from 75 to 88, and I kind of thought back, now I would say New Haven's not a large Hispanic, but it's more African-American, but I don't remember seeing 12-year-old kids with type 2 diabetes, and when I came here, and I remember this very distinctly, they're saying, oh, you're crazy. You can't, you don't see kids with type 2 diabetes. Believe me, I see them. And what did your colleagues at San Antonio tell you as far as when they started to notice that in the Hispanic kids? I think they just, I don't know I can give you a specific time that they told me except they knew it. But so okay, what about in non-Hispanic kids? Because if the Hispanic kids are genetically predisposed, then the question becomes, when did you begin to see this in African-American kids and Caucasian kids? Yeah, so we don't have a large African-American population here, but like in Philadelphia, there's a lady, so we're so far as slabian, she sees the same thing, and she sees, I think it's a significant African-American population. So I think that in certain ethnic minorities were the genes for diabetes are enriched, that those are the populations that are predisposed. And do you think this is mostly an energy balance issue and therefore it's mostly a food environment issue? No, I think it's both. So I told you I'd come back to the genetics study that we did. So we, in the Italian fellows with me, Giovanni Gulli, a long, long time ago here in San Antonio, we wanted to know what is the earliest defect that you can see in people who are going to develop type 2 diabetes. So we said, okay, in the Hispanic community it's very common to see mom and dad with diabetes. And it's very common to see a lot of children in these families. So we said, why don't we go look at the children? And let's see if we can define because they're at high risk. Yeah. And if you have mom and dad with diabetes, you probably have a 78% chance if you're Hispanic. If you're born in that family developing diabetes. It was very easy to find the children. The problem was we couldn't find lean children. So it took us a while because if you're obese, then you got the lipo toxicity. So we finally found them. This is a JCI paper I believe. And so we did an insulin clamp. Here is resistant is their parents. They have normal glucose tolerance. Why? Because the insulin levels are astronomical. And then we do a muscle count. How high just for understanding? Oh, they're like two times normal. Even higher than that. We do a muscle biopsy. The same defect in the insulin signaling pathway. How many of the, how many of the tyrosine kinase defects do they have? They have starts at IRS 1. Uh-huh. Insulin bind to the receptor is okay, just like their parents. The ability to activate these insulin signaling pathway, the level of IRS 1, it's already well established. Which enzyme in particular? It starts at the level of IRS 1. It starts at the first one. Yeah. Also it's not just one enzyme. Well, it no, it's IRS 1. You can't tyrosine phosphorylated. You cannot activate P.L. I see. Okay, so it starts at IRS 1. Yeah. And then the other thing, Jerry and I have both done this in somewhat different ways. So Jerry, I'm talking about Jerry Schultm. He uses NMR by looking at phosphate derivatives. Even though I believe the primary defect is in the signaling pathway, there's clearly severe impairments and glucose transporting phosphorylation. His work would suggest that the primary defect is at the level of glucose transport. We did, we developed a novel triple tracer technique using three isotopes infused into the breakout artery. We believed that the primary defect is at the level of hexokinase and phosphorylating glucose. So we kind of agreed to disagree because we can't do this study. And we'd have to do the MRI study at the same time we're doing the triple tracer technique. In addition to the incident's signaling defect, there's a severe defect in glucose transport and phosphorylation. Once, let's just make sure people understand this is we're kind of getting into some biochemistry here. Yeah. When glucose enters the cell, passively, there goes for transgloat for transporter. Yeah. It gets pre glucose in the cell. Yes. Then to metabolize it. Yeah, first and then phosphate. Yeah, the first step to that is hexokinase, which takes a phosphate off ATP and puts it on the six position if we're not able to do this. It's a specific type of hexokinase that's hexokinase do. Yeah, because there's a different one in the muscle and the liver, correct? And that is correct. So, Gerry would say the primary defect is in Glutin for the transporter. Yes. I would say yes, that is severely impaired, but even more severe. What does remind me what Gerry believes is wrong with the Glutinase transporter? That it doesn't work normally. I thought it worked fine. It's just not getting the signal to work because of IRS 1. That's where the controversy is. How, how, how when you have a severe, we are, we were the first to show this defect in muscle. But with the old people, I think they're showing this in human muscle. It's been shown in rats, et cetera. That to me, metabolism and rats and mice, so different, this is all people data. So you're saying but it's possible that just having the IRS 1 problem is enough. It's also possible that even if IRS 1 is functioning reasonably, if Glutinase is not getting up, and there is evidence to support that. And then it's also possible that even if all those things work, if you don't get hexaclinase to phosphorylate glucose, you back up the whole system. And I can show you this is a primary defect in pyruvate dehydrogenase in in Glutinase. This comes back. I have an ominous octet for the insulin resistance. Okay. This, this why people don't understand. Look, there are eight organ sort of things that are a problem. There are eight problems I can show you within the muscle. Why you think one drug is going to correct all these problems? We need drugs to work on the beta. So we need insulin sensitizes. We probably need different types of insulin sensitizing drugs. We need drugs that reverse the lipo toxicity. And you know, will we ever have a single magic bullet that corrects all of these? You know, probably not. I think until we discovered the genetic basis and remember, I said the diabetes is a heterogeneous disease. And I did, in diabetes metabolism reviews, I would say 30 years ago, I wrote a review article that said, I can put a defect in the muscle in reproduce diabetes. I can put a defect in the liver and reproduce diabetes. I can put a defect in the fat cell and reproduce diabetes. I can put a defect in the beta cell and reproduce diabetes. And I went back and read that and I said, I can put a defect that starts in the brain and reproduce diabetes. So we see some of the day when see you eight or nine. All these defects we've been talking about, they're already there. So you put that defect in the fat cell. They can look lean. And there's a syndrome called Alzheimer's syndrome. There's a specific defect. And this is white adipose. This is Phil Cher, who will love me for saying this. He's the top guru in adipose, metabolism up in Dallas. And it's also from syndrome. There's a specific defect in the glucose transporter and white adipose tissue. You know what happens? You become diabetic. You know what happens? You game weight. You know what happens? You get nash. So here's a defect that I said, like 30 years ago, I just postulated and said, here's a syndrome. And not only that, now that they define this in people in this paper, they then went to the animal model and they knocked out the gene that's causing the defect and they reproduce diabetes in the normal rat model of the model. So we're off. I want to close by bringing it back to something that people can do to help understand if they're at risk, either lean or otherwise. We talked about it at the outset, but didn't go into it in detail, which is the OGT. Yeah. The oral glucose tolerance test. Now again, none of us have the privilege of being able to use a euglycemic clamp both clinically as physicians or as experienced at his patients. So we're going to have to kind of rely on other things. We're going to have to rely on body fat. We're going to have to rely on triglycerides. We're going to have to rely on hemoglobin A1C, although I find that to be a particularly useless metric. Not that useless, but the individual level I find it very unhelpful. I think at the population level it's great and in deltas it's great. But boy, the correlation between an e-moglobin A1C and realized glucose levels it's pretty weak. But let's talk about the OGT because this is not a test that is done frequently. I believe it should be. And I'd love to have you walk us through the interpretation of the following. I'm going to give you a couple scenarios. So case one, I'm making this up as we go. So you got a person who starts out all these people are going to start out normal. They're going to start out with a glucose of 90 in an insulin of 6. At 30 minutes, this is after 75 grams of oral glucose. The insulin rises to 90. The glucose rises to 130. At 60 minutes, the glucose is down to 100. The insulin is down to 60. And we'll just do one more check at two hours. The glucose at this point is 60. And the insulin is 20. That is a pre-diabatic state. This is a very insulin resistant person. And two, our later hypoglycemia is a reflection of the beta cells early insulin situation. This is kind of a pre-diabatic state. Yeah. And it's so agree with you completely. And we see this all the time. This is a person, by the way, with a perfectly normal hemoglobin A1C. Yes. And this is a person who gets passed all the time as totally normal. This is really an sum of reasons. Because your, the beta cells are not as 90. Your hemoglobin A1C is normal and your insulin is 6. Even if the doctors check insulin, but as you point out, the thing that trips you off is not their glucose. 90 to 132 a 100 is amazing. It's 90 was how high the insulin was at 30 seconds. And of course, they overshot, which is why they become hypoglycemic. Yes. Okay. Well known. Yep. Okay. Go another one. This person also starts at 90 and 6 at 30 minutes. They go to 180. Yep. Insulin goes to 30. Yep. At 60 minutes, they go to 200. Insulin is 40. They diabetic. We showed one. But just be clear. This is a person. These are almost real cases. By the way, this person who's hemoglobin A1C is 5.6. Got it. We already published this. Yep. The best predictor who's going to get diabetes is a one hour glucose greater than 155. And this is from prospective data from the San Antonio Hardsteady also from the botanious study where these people have been followed up. We were the first people to publish this. Oh, I'd say 7, 8, 9, 10 years ago. They're banned. I'd say at least 15 to 20 studies that have reproduced what we showed 10 years ago. It's a one hour glucose is more than 155. Yeah. And that's a great predictor of type 2 diabetes regardless of all the other metrics. Yes. And if you also happen to be hypoluncinlymic, that adds more to the addictive value. But just pick one 55 without knowing the insulin, that's a huge predictor of whether you're going to develop diabetes and that's from the San Antonio Hardsteady and that's also from the botanious study and also from our various study. Okay. Next case. I'm not even going to give you the numbers. I'll just describe it. This is a person who has a delayed onset of insulin. So in other words, they start out normal at 90. 30 minutes insulin is deficient. That's a predictor as well. Yes. So what's going on in this person? We're 30 minute insulin does nothing. Glucose rises. Yeah. And then in an hour and 90 minutes, the pancreas kicks on and starts to dispose of glucose. What's happening in that person? That's a bit primary beta cell defect. And one of the earliest things you can detect in people who are predisposed to develop diabetes is loss of first phase insulin secretion. Now first phase insulin secretion is strictly speaking can only be measured with the hyperglycemic clamp that we develop. So when I acutely raise the glucose from say, you know 90 and I raise it to 200. And the first 10 minutes is a big spike of insulin that comes out. That is typically lost in people who are going to develop type 2 diabetes. And it's counterpart during the OGTT is the insulin level at 30 minutes. Okay. So when you ingest the glucose, of course the rising glucose is more gentle. When I acutely raise your glucose from 90 to 200, that big spike of glucose gives the first phase. But a low insulin response in the first 30 minutes is another predictor of who's going to get into trouble. We use the following numbers in our practice as what we consider what we want to see. Do you think we're being too aggressive? At time zero we want to see you less than 90 and less than six. At time 30 minutes we want to see you less than 140 and less than 40. At time 60 minutes we want to see you less than 130 and less than 30 and at two hours we want to see you less than, sorry, at 90 minutes we want to see you less than 110 and less than 20. Do you think we're being too hard? Yeah, you might be being overly aggressive. But for sure, if they meet those numbers, you're probably safe. Ralph, I don't know where the time went today, but it went. And this was a fascinating discussion. I could talk about this stuff all day long. And it's interesting because someone listening to this podcast who heard the podcast with Jerry Shulman from probably three years ago will be pleased because the overlap is virtually zero. That's what's amazing about a topic as rich as this. As you can talk to two of the world's experts and have two completely different conversations. Conversation with Jerry focused so much on the pathophysiology of insulin resistance. Here we focused much more on the actual organ specific aspect of type 2 diabetes. We got a master class in the pharmacology of it. And then I think kind of brought it back to ways to diagnose it. If you're slumming it with those of us in the clinic, who don't have claims. So maybe we should in the future we do them with both Jerry and I. I will 100% agree that in a few years we come back and we do a double version of this. I really do fantastic. I sign up. Ralph, thank you so much. Not just obviously for this, but for your contribution to this field. Okay, I appreciate it. This is wonderful.