Low end, one in 20, high end, one in 10 people, adults. adults, adults, adults. But I guess most people at some point in their lives are going to have an issue with insomnia, whether people have difficulty following a sleep in the beginning of the night, waking up in the middle of the night, waking up too early in the morning. The people who can't fall asleep at the beginning of the night, their mind's just racing earlier than yours. Yours is just waking you up. Okay, this is really important to you. This is something you're doing all the time all day. Guess what? What do we do with things that are really important to us? Make time for it. We schedule them, exactly. I always tell patients if you don't deal with what's causing you stress or anxiety during the day, it's going to demand to be dealt with in the middle of the night. Let's talk about sleep supplements. Oh, right. Melatonin's like the guy at the start of the race, right? He's the guy with the gun. He fires the gun. He doesn't have a car on the race. He's not like helping you stay. He's like he's telling you when to start the thing. So for a lot of adults, taking Melatonin is really messing him up. I think the time and bed restrictions pretty interesting. I don't even do time and bed restriction that first week, because for some people setting away time solves the issue. Hmm, let's go back to sleep hygiene for a second. Kaffee and withdrawal is not something I want to deal with in my clinic and I don't think it's necessary. So I tell people do not change how much coffee you're drinking, put it all before 11. When does the treatment fail? The treatment fails when people don't do it. Hey everyone. I'm your host, Peter Atiya. Ashley, thank you so much for coming to Austin to talk about a lot of interesting things. Let's start with with the one that I think everybody listening can probably relate to at least once, which is insomnia. So where did you're interested in insomnia arise? Well, I've been interested in sleep for a long time. I was fortunate to go to the University of Arizona for my doctoral work. And when I was there, the late Dick Bootson was also there. And he's one of the co-inventures of cognitive behavioral therapy from insomnia. And I think I found it particularly interesting because it works so well. We have so many different psychological treatments, and they all have varying degrees of efficacy and effectiveness. The thing about cognitive behavioral therapy for insomnia is that it's kind of like a recipe. If you do it, it works. And this was always just so interesting to me because it was so different than so many other psychotherapies out there that had just so much more unpredictable outcomes. And I would say that I became much more interested in it after my post-doctoral work when I'd gotten to UCSF. And I was a post-doc at UCSF, but I started my assistant professorship at UCSF. And there was this gaping hole in treatment availability for people with insomnia. You know, like this might be a good way for me to get back into some clinical work I was doing just research at the time. And I fell back in love with it because there's almost nothing as rewarding is being able to see a patient seven times. And that seventh time have them say something to you along the lines of, I have my life back. I'm going to go get my driver's license back. I'm not afraid to drive with my kids in the car anymore. I'm going to go back to work. I have my life back. I mean, not much better than that. And so I grew the clinic that I do CBTI in. And now I just, I love it so much that I do it on top of my job. Like I do it in night with patients after hours because it's the most rewarding thing. And you can have such a big impact and people need it. So before we dive into what CBTI is and how it works and how profound it can be, let's maybe help folks understand a little bit about insomnia and maybe go through some of the definitions around the different types of insomnia. And maybe some of the different causes for it and maybe even what some of the other treatments are a pharmacologic and otherwise. Yeah, so. I mean, probably speaking. Most people at some point in their lives are going to have an issue with insomnia. I think some 90% of adults at some point are going to struggle with insomnia and point estimates. I think at any given moment might be between 5 and 10%. The interesting thing about insomnia is that it's a very clinical diagnosis. Great. There's no blood test for insomnia. There's no. We can't put you in a sleep lab overnight and do a test to see if you have insomnia. And we don't diagnose insomnia based on one night of bad sleep. If someone says, I didn't sleep at all last night or I haven't slept even for just the last week. That's not going to get you a diagnosis of insomnia. So. And there's a whole whole suite of. Different. So many of us that we could talk about, but I think the point that is the most salient is just that when you have a problem sleeping. And when it's been going on for a long time, at least like threeish months. And when you really feel it's a problem. That's when it's time to get help. Because there's plenty of people who don't sleep a whole lot. But it's not distressing to them. It's not causing any problems in their life. They're not going to meet, you know, a definition of insomnia per se. It's the folks who will tell you that I can't sleep. I haven't been sleeping for months. It's interfering with my life. It's really upsetting. And they've started. They've probably already started trying a whole bunch of things to try and help themselves to fix it. And this is where things get interesting. Just to be clear, Ashley, when you say that a point estimate of five to 10% of the population would have insomnia at any point in time, you mean according to that definition where it's been going on for months, it's causing distress in its impacting life. Yeah, probably speaking. Well, that's so it's one in low end, one in 20 high end, one in 10 people adults adults. I guess, yes, by the way, I do not do pediatric. So please assume everything we're talking about today is adults. Insomnia and children is a totally different thing. So that's a higher estimate than I would have guessed. Yeah. I mean, given your definition, if the definition was three nights a bad sleep, I would say, yeah, that makes sense. So that's pretty far away. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. Yeah. And insomnia is from most people probably quite episodic. Mm-hmm. It's not necessarily a permanent state. People go in and out of it. And the question is how quickly do people go out of it when they go in it? And that's what CBTI is so beautiful for. It's helping people get out of it quickly. There's going to be things in your life that are going to just happen. And they're going to put you over the threshold for insomnia. So maybe we can talk from in and about how insomnia begins and then how it's perpetuated. Because these things are actually quite different. Yeah. So you and I and everybody have a certain level of predisposing factors that are going to put us at risk for having sleeping problems, particular insomnia, right? Yeah, right? And then we may experience what's called a precipitating factor. That could be a major life event like losing your job, getting a divorce, getting in a car accident. Some major unexpected unhappy life event that might throw you into about an insomnia. Right? And that event will end though. That event ends. The car accident ends. It resolves the job loss ends. You get a new job or you don't. A lot of times only the elections might end here, however it may take time when it's important but not when it needs to be opened, but only when we talk about the trying to purchase contracts love debt at a time of year,love of lots of times making mommy love money. No. So you can just start being killed automatically. Yes. But go ahead. First off is just a day off the day. So then just go up and it gives you time and pressure. So, if you're going to have to take the liver off the tolerate for you. You'll see me in some of the pain-wellástico events of what the2018 has to do as an answer major for you. short term, make a lot of sense, right? You're trying to help yourself in the acute moment. But in the long term, these kinds of behaviors aren't actually doing you any favors. And over time, that precipitating factor is going to go away. What all of these behaviors that you've started doing to respond to the precipitating event, they're what stick around. And those are what are going to perpetuate insomnia symptoms and problems. And you say more about the predisposing factors, are those genetic? Well, yeah. So there's, of course, genetic predisposing factors. I've had patients come and say, I'm a really light sleeper. Can you fix that? That's going to be pretty tough to fix. We're going to recommend something like ear plugs and I'm asked, a white noise machine, what have you. But yes, there are going to be predisposing factors. So if you are higher on general psychological reactivity, you're going to probably get pushed over the threshold more easily than someone else. Right? Some people might get in a car accident, a fender vendor, and they're over it by the next day, the cars in the shop, whatever. Other people might feel antsy about driving for a while after that. They might feel more anxious as a real result of that event. And that's going to differ from person to person. You can argue that that's genetic. You can argue that that's based on early childhood or other experiences. But nature and nurture probably both contribute to that predisposition. And there's not a whole lot that we can do about that. But this is the beauty of cognitive behavioral therapy for insomnia. When people come in for treatment, they're often pretty focused on what caused their insomnia. And I actually don't ask people what caused their insomnia until the end of my first session with them. I'm asking them all these other kinds of questions about their behaviors now. And at the end, I ask, okay, so when did this start? What do you think might it cause this? And get their attribution for what's going on? Because at the end of the day, the interventions the same. And that's what's beautiful about this. And might differ a lot from the practice of medicine. I'm not an MD, I'm a PhD. And so in, I think in a lot of disease states, we often look at what caused what's going on. I'm not really concerned. I'm more concerned about what you're doing now that's perpetuating the problem. That's where I intervene. And that's why this particular treatment is so effective for so many different presentations of insomnia and causes of insomnia, whether people have difficulty following a sleep in the beginning of the night, waking up in the middle of the night, waking up too early in the morning. Right, you might think on their face, these people all need wildly different treatment, but that's not actually the case. Yeah, that makes a lot of sense. So the focus is much more on the coping strategy and the behavior that came out of the predisposing factor, or the precipitating event, actually, is really... That you used to respond to the precipitating fact exactly. Exactly. Okay. Yes. Can we talk a little bit about, you know, is there a difference, for example, between the individual who can't fall asleep, you know, this initiation of sleep in insomnia, versus the person that I hear much more about and frankly, I experience more, which is, that's not that hard for me to fall asleep. But boy, I will jolt up at one in the morning with some thought or anxiety, yes, I can't get out of my mind. And my mind starts running and I can't go back to sleep. Or I get up because I got a P, but when I come back, I erroneously just do something with my mind where I get thinking about the day's problem or whatever. So do you think of those as difference or the same side of a different coin? Different side, same coin, I guess I'm... Great question, great question. So, those people need the same stuff. And the people who can't fall asleep at the beginning of the night, their mind just racing earlier than yours, yours is just waking you up. And there's a whole suite of interventions that are part of cognitive behavioral therapy for insomnia. And there are a lot of ways that I could approach and answer to this question. So I think starting by addressing the racing mind issue, I always tell patients, if you don't deal with what's causing you stress or anxiety during the day, it's going to demand to be dealt with in the middle of the night. It's going to say, oh, Peter, I noticed you're laying there peacefully, not doing any work or tasks. And you don't have anything you need to do right now. So you're going to pay attention to me. And it's going to demand your attention at that time. Other people, that happens right when their head hits the pill at the beginning of the night. Oh, you're relaxing. Okay, here's your 10 things to worry about. Right? So one of my favorite interventions that's actually born of anxiety treatment, but that I've co-opted and I've moved into cognitive behavioral therapy for insomnia because it's fits with the theoretical framework. It's something called scheduled worry time. This sounds a little bit panicked and silly, but hear me out. If a patient came to me and said, Ashley, like, I worry all day. I'm worried about all of these things. My life is just a constant ball of worry and I said, okay, I've got a solution for you on it. It's two words. Ready? Stop it. Yeah. That wouldn't work, right? Doesn't work. So I take the opposite approach. Okay, this is really important to you. This is something you're doing all the time all day. Guess what? What do we do with things that are really important to us? Make time for it. We schedule them, exactly. So I have my patient literally get it. We sit back in the day of paper calendars. This felt like a different exercise. Now people get out their phones, but I have them get out their phone or whatever. I say, all right, we're going to schedule a worry time and it's going to be an hour a day for the next seven days. It is non-negotiable. I may or may not schedule an email to go out to you at that at the end of that time and you have to go and provide to it and tell me what you did, right? And what we find is that when people work with this during the day, it does two things. The first is, let's say it's 9 a.m. And you are trying to do something in your life and instead a worry pops up. You can actually think, oh, okay, I don't have to deal with this now. I'm going to write this down because at four o'clock, I've got scheduled time to deal with this, right? So that way you're uncluttering the rest of your day by moving all of the worry into that schedule time. So this could be a valuable technique, even absent in Somnia. Totally. I would tell you that probably between a third and half of my patients who come in with in Somnia, they've got some bad sleep stuff for sure. But for some of those people, it's a primary anxiety disorder and sleep is suffering also. Whereas other folks, it's primary in Somnia, that's driving them anxious, right? But to rewind back to your earlier question about the middle of the night versus the in the night. So the other thing that scheduling worry time does decides, uncluttering your whole day is it helps you get it done during the day so that when your head hits the pillow, it's not there. Oh, I already worked on this. And also the knowledge, oh, I have time set aside tomorrow to work on this or to think about this. So I don't have to do that now. And cognitively, this all makes sense and you would maybe think you can think your way out of this, but you can't. You actually have to try it. And I've done this with a lot of people. I've done this with doctors, police people, all people from all walks of life can really find this valuable. The other thing when it comes to falling asleep at the beginning of the night versus the middle of the night is that there's sometimes low hanging fruit that we can think about. You mentioned getting up to go to the bathroom. I found that for a lot of men who are 45 and up who still have a prostate, just not drinking very much fluid with dinner and after dinner is huge and also throwing an electrolyte tab in there can really help. Granted, it's got to be the right Osmalarity and everything else, but there are ways to find this. Don't slam gatorate at night. That's not what I'm suggesting, but just throw a noon tab or whatever element eat, whatever electrolyte replacement. And I've had some male patients go from waking up three times in the night to be to one time. And a few times you wake up in the night, the fewer times you risk not falling back sleep. So little things like that can actually make a difference for waking up in the middle of the night. The other one I have about the middle of the night is a little more out there, but hear me out. If I had five cents for every time, I took away a downcomperter from someone and their sleep got better. I'd have like eight dollars. I mean, this is huge and this is because everybody's heard of circadian rhythm, right? But it's missing a word. It's circadian temperature rhythm. Right? Body is supposed to be its coolest at night and it's warmest during the day. And my favorite people to talk with about this are actually anesthesiologists. They know more about body temperature than anyone. It's remarkable. But what I've had the great good fortune of learning is that your body temperature, it's most be the warmest during the day in the coolest during the night. And when we do things like trap heat with downcomperters, quilted nonsense, even cotton replacement dovet, if it were dovet isn't it? Comperter is in it. Woe, like I like that's a no for me. And I give people a handout. I'm like, here's the definition of a cotton blanket. Here are links to examples of what cotton blankets are. If you are cold, buy two, buy three. Use these. I'm telling you, it's made a huge difference for a lot of women, in particular with night sweats. And people wake up less sometimes because they're not giving their body this message that it's time to wake up because they're not as warm. People complain about their feet in their hands and I say, that's fine. You can put your downcomperter over the foot of your bed. You can wear some socks, right? But I take body temperature regulation very seriously and sometimes it's a quick fix and we don't need a whole lot of muscle fuss. Now, you've probably tried to, this is a very long way to answer your question. But I'll finish after this. The people at the start of the night, it's worth asking people to start at the night if they're cold, if they're hands in their feet are cold. If you've ever tried to fall asleep when your hands in your feet are cold? Yeah, I mean, I, uh, I try to be, try to be uncomfortably cold when I get into bed. Right, but your hands in your feet. No, generally not. I mean, it's just my body. Right. But again, I'm using a device to cool me as well. It's slightly different. Yeah. Yeah. But spoiler alert, it's pretty hard to fall asleep when you have cold hands in feet. And what we have data on from some interesting research in a totally different realm is that people with extremity circulation disorders, like, who have really grown hands or something like that. Right. Yeah. They will have more early in, what we call early in Somnia, which is difficulty falling sleep at the beginning of the night. Yeah. And when they get successful treatment or when you warm their hands in their feet, much easier to fall asleep. The whole warm foot bath before bed thing. That's an actual thing. So warming your extremity is help you dump heat. Right. So when you actually warm your hands in your feet, you can actually help dump heat from your core because your vasodilating. And when you fall asleep, you want to be dumping heat from your core. Hard to do that when your vasodilating is restricted in your hands in your feet. So for folks who have trouble falling asleep at the start of the night, we want to make sure their hands and feet are warm enough, right. And that they've dealt with the thoughts and the worries during the day. And that they're not trying to go to sleep at 9 o'clock when their body doesn't want to go to sleep until 11. A lot of people just think I need to have this much time and bed each night. And they get into bed and they struggle for two hours before their body actually wants to go to sleep. So a major part of CBTI is aligning when your body can produce sleep with when you're in your bed. I want to kind of go into many more of these because I know this is this is the exciting stuff that people are interested to hear about. But I do want to take one step back and just make sure we kind of understand how what constitutes cognitive behavioral therapy before we even get into cognitive behavioral therapy for insomnia. So we've had a podcast where we talked about dialectical behavioral therapy, DBT, but we haven't covered CBTI. Okay. Can you give us a little bit of the tapestry of what defines it and why it if we're of course then has this additional subset of treatment for insomnia? Yeah, I should have done that first. That's a great question. So cognitive behavioral therapy, my favorite way to think about this is in a triangle. We have thoughts, we have feelings and we have behaviors. And you can think about this triangle as having these three pieces that are all connected. Cognitive and behavioral therapies are cognitive behavioral therapies. Generally we'll focus on one intervening on this process between thoughts, feelings and behavior, thoughts, feelings and behavior on one of these the sides of the triangle. Right? So let me just spell out a quick example process. Right. So let's say we have a patient with type 2 diabetes who has the thought I'm never going to be able to get my blood sugar under control. I'm never going to be able to manage this and not be able to do this. When a person has those thoughts, how do they feel? Crumming. Feel bad about themselves. When people feel bad about themselves, what do they do? Eat some chocolate cake. Eat some chocolate cake. What does that do? That reinforces the thought. I'm never going to be able to do this. So we've got this pattern of thoughts, feelings, behavior on repeat. And cognitive behavioral therapies will choose where to intervene on a process in that triangle. So we might intervene. Cognitive behavioral therapy for insomnia, for example, is really focused on the area between thoughts and feelings in many ways. Because people will have a lot of thoughts. I can't sleep. I'm never going to be a good sleeper. If I don't sleep eight hours tonight, I'm going to lose my job, whatever. And then the big emotions that follow from that. We work on questioning a lot of those thoughts to then recalibrate the feelings that follow. Like, oh, if I don't sleep eight hours tonight, I won't feel great. But I'll probably be okay at work. The feeling is much smaller than if I don't sleep eight hours tonight, I'm going to lose my job tomorrow. Right? There's noticeably different. In terms of depression, an example that I might be someone saying, oh, you know, I'm really depressed now. But when I feel better, I'm going to take my grandkids to the movies. That's what I'm going to do. I'm going to take my grandkids to the movies. I'm going to take them to the zoo. I'm going to do all these things. As a therapist, what I might do is I have the patient right all of this huge, long list of stuff they're going to do when they feel better. And then you know what I'm going to do. I'm going to get out their calendar with them. And I'm going to say, all right, I don't care how you feel. We're scheduling all of these things. So we're intervening on that behavior to thoughts line, right? So we're going to make them take the kids to the zoo. We're going to make them take the kids to the movies. And then the kids are going to have a great time. And the patient's going to come back and say, oh, you know, pretty kick ass grandma kids at a great time. This was pretty great. So we're intervening on the behavior to change the thoughts about the self, right? Like, oh, I'm going to do these things when I'm better. Right? So a major feature of cognitive behavioral therapies is intervening on behavior to change thoughts, but also intervening on thoughts to change feelings. And there's just many, many applications for this. Coagulated behavioral therapies been adapted for a whole host of disorders for eating disorders for insomnia, specifically for anxiety. That's going to be more in the thoughts and feelings realm too. And it's a lot of fun. So it is that kind of running the triangle in the other direction. So you change behavior to change thought, change thought to change feeling. Yeah. So you can you can change thought to change feeling. You can change behavior to change thought. You can operate on any any way of those with different techniques that have been just repackaged into different therapies. And tell me a little bit about the history of CBTI specifically, when did the, when did the idea come to, you know, existence in a way that's, that it's been packaged more or less the way it is today? Yeah. So cognitive behavioral therapy for insomnia is actually old news. I mean, we can go back to the 1970s. I remember when I was learning cognitive behavioral therapy for insomnia, one of the most fun studies to read about was the study of, I believe it was college aged men who were not doing well academically. And the intervention that they did with them was one of the two pillars of cognitive behavioral therapy for insomnia, which is called stimulus control. What they did with these young men is they told them, all right, you're going to be assigned a carol in the library. And in this carol is the only place you can study. You can't study in your dorm, you can't study outside, can't study anywhere else, just this carol. Right. And only this amount of time can you study each day. Even if you're on a roll, we don't care. You have to stop. If you're miserable, we don't care. You just have to keep on doing whatever portion of the studying over and over again that you're stuck on. Right. So they trained peep these young men to just study in that one place. And it succeeded in helping these men. And these men were struggling with anxiety or actual insomnia. Yeah, they were, there's just, this is just stimulus control. Yeah. Where we learn to associate a place with a behavior. Right. Fast forward, a little bit. One of, it was actually, it was called the Bootsin Method at one point for Dick Bootsin. But one of the hallmarks of cognitive behavioral therapy for insomnia is your bed is only for sleep. There are two things you're allowed to do in bed. I always tell my patients, your two things that you can do in bed are sex and sleep. If you're not sure of something counts, message me and I'll clarify it for you real quick, whether it counts in one of those two buckets. But we really want to just associate the bed with sleep. And the state's even further back. And to be clear, just going back to this study was, was there a belief or were some of these guys studying in bed? They were studying in their dorms in their beds and everywhere else. And everywhere. So this wasn't specifically a study focused on sleep per se. It was just studied, it was just focused on this associate of pattern that became the bed rock of this treatment. And we can go back even further and we can look at Pavlovian conditioning, right? The dog and the bell and the food. And we don't need to go over that whole thing again right now. But the point just is that the dog came to associate the bell with getting food, right? And a lot of times when people are struggling with sleep, you know what they're doing in their bed? They're reading. They're scrolling. They're watching TV. They're listening to podcasts. They're doing it like everything. A lot of people by the time they get to me, they're camping out in their bed just in case. They're able to sleep. Oh, I'm going to go over snacking bed because if I'm sleepy enough all over and take a nap and I'll get some extra z's, right? So people have moved so much of their lives into their beds that it's completely dissociated from sleep. So that's a major. That's one of the bed rocks, right? And then another bed rock is what we now call time in bed restriction. This used to be called sleep restriction. But I think I don't know where along the way in the last number of years it went from being called sleep restriction to time and bed restriction. But whoever made the change, I'm still not sure who made that change. I am thankful to them for it because the other key component of CBTI is that we restrict the amount of time that a patient is in bed to match how much time their body can actually produce of sleeping. But how many people have been told me? I said, okay, I need to be in bed for at least 12 hours. If I want to get seven hours of sleep, right? I know it's hard to believe, but it's true. And we just obliterate that notion. And this is another core and very old part of CBTI that dates back what? 7, 1970s, 80s. But when you take those two parts, then you start to add in some of the cognitive components that have been around also for decades. The cognitive therapies part, the air and back stuff with cognitive restructuring, which is where we take a thought. To be fair, that phrase don't believe everything you think. So you take a thought. And on the classic thought record tool, you'll have patients write down the thought, right, down how they feel, write their feelings for say, 0 to 90%. And then we have them write down, what's the evidence for this thought? If you had to go to court right now, and there was a judge at a jury and what have you, and you had to present evidence for your thought, what would you be able to present? Evidence for a thought is not another thought. It's not a belief. It's evidence. Last time I slept six hours, I got a worse grade on the test or something, right? That would be evidence. You got worse grade in death. But then we, we look at all the evidence for our thought. We look at all the evidence against a thought. Like, oh, last time you didn't sleep so well, you didn't get fired. You still did find in school, whatever the thing. And then we create a balanced thought, which is, okay, even though I'm not going to be as well rested, I'll still get through this day, right? Then we have people rewrite their emotions, rewrite how much they believe this new thought, this whole song and dance, right? This is the cognitive component. And that's kind of the bedrock of so much of cognitive therapy. And so, of course, people have so many negative thoughts about sleep and dysfunctional thoughts about sleep that aren't true or that are catathed to advising and whatnot. That is also blended into the treatment. And then we have relaxation techniques, which are things like progressive muscle relaxation that came along as well. And those are part of the treatment. And that progressive muscle relaxation will be like, where you squeeze your hands and let go and squeeze your hands and let go and then squeeze your arms and let them go and kind of move through your whole body to get out of your head and into your body. And I don't know what order those actually were packaged into CBTI. But I can tell you the first two, the stimulus control and the time and bed restriction. Those were among the earliest, earliest parts of CBTI. And what we know from dismantling studies is when you take either of those out of the treatment, it is. Yeah, I want to talk about both those a little bit more. So I want to bracket sleep hygiene and come back to it because I think again the temperature and all that light stuff. We shouldn't gloss over that even though it's easy to take for granted. And I know that many people listening to this podcast will have heard other content where we talk about it. But I'd love to have it all in one place. I think the time and bed restrictions pretty interesting and in talking with sleep physicians who also implement this, it seems quite draconian at the outset. It can be remarkably difficult. Like, you know, they're giving people five hours in bed, max. And they're really trying to force sleep pressure, right? So how do you navigate that and how do you decide how hard to squeeze the tuba toothpaste? Let me draw a line in the sand between what CBTI says, broadly as a treatment. And then how I've actually implemented it in my clinic. So what CBTI will have you do is they will have you as a, and I say you as the Royal U, your patient, they will have you felt something called a sleep diary. And this is a paper diary that covers seven days. We have it, right? Because if I asked you how well you slept four nights ago, you mean like, you have so that food frequency questionnaire and epidemiology. Totally. Totally. So you have to every morning. Yeah. Of course, I'm not obsessed with it being exact because I'm much more interested in the picture pattern of it, right? If you asked someone to fill it out for just one day and then worked with that, you'd have a totally distorted picture. You wouldn't know what you're working with. But what classic CBTI does is they'll take that seven day sleep diary. And then they will actually use the time you got in bed, time you fell asleep, how and times you woke up, how long you were awake, what time you woke up. It does a bunch of, it has all of these different questions in it. And you can use that to calculate how much time a person was sleeping on average over the course of the week. And what CBTI does is it says you patient, why don't you pick what time you want to get up every day? And then you would ostensibly pick a time. And then the CBTI clinician would say you're sleep log said you were naturally sleeping six hours and eight, right? The clinician would add 30 minutes to that and make it six and a half hours and then work backwards from your chosen wake time. So let's say you chose a wake time of 7 a.m. I would work back six and a half hours to get to a bedtime for you of 12 30 a.m. And of course, that's the bedtime of your childhood dreams, right? Imagine going to sleep over and your friend's mom saying, all right, kids, you can't go to bed until after 12 30 a.m. Right, kids love it adults think this is torture, right? Because it is. So that's what classic CBTI would do. But six hours being the number six and a half. Yeah, right. You get that half hour of this. Right. And as far as I know in CBTI, almost nobody's restricting less than five and a half hours. Five and a half seems to be the floor. Okay. So I've not seen people restricting to five. There are a subset of people and I don't know the data on this because I don't even know if the data exist on this, who are what we call genetically short sleepers. Yep. And these people know who they are. They have always been like this. They've, they've, it's not, and it's not upsetting and distressing and causing them grief, right? Those are, we're not talking about those people. Yeah. Okay. So that's what CBTI will do. And just to be clear, let's say five and a half is the floor six is typically what you would do. So six and a half in bed. So we'll know if your body is producing six hours of sleep, I add 30 and I get six and a half. If your body is producing only five and a half, I add 30 and you get six. So I do this computationally for each person. I see. So when I bring my sleep log to you and you've seen that for the past week, I've been spending 12 hours in bed, but by my recollection, because I'm looking at the clock when I'm not sleeping, I'm only getting six and a half. A half hours of sleep in the 10 or 12 hours I'm laying there, you're going to say, oh, okay, that's your sleep time. Take that, add 30, that's your time in bed, working back, I got it. Yes. And here's where what I do slightly different, but also keeps the, the whole theoretical underpinning is not disturbed at all by the way that I do this. So how many times have you had a patient come to you and say, oh, you know, I really want to be that person who wakes up at five am gets a go on my day, I want to get my exercise in, I want to get my meal prep in, do all this stuff. And you're like, oh, okay, cool, cool. So you want to be a five and person, what time you get up now? All like 11. And I'm like, oh, okay, all right. Okay. So this whole part in CBTI where people choose their wake time, that's not a thing for me. In my clinic, we play a game called Democracy within a dictatorship. What that just means is that instead of just letting patients cart launch choose their wake time, I actually look at their sleep diary and I let them think they're choosing their wake time. And if I agree with it, they will have chosen. If I don't, the dictator comes in. And I look at their diary and if they are getting up at 7 am, 6 am, 7 am, 7 am, 6 am, 6 am, 6 am, and they say, oh, I want to wake up at 830. I will say, well, we have no evidence that you can sleep until 830. That's not realistic. But we have evidence that you can sleep until 6 because for the last seven days, you made it until 6. So 6 o'clock is your wake time. And this is not anywhere in CBTI. I've spoken with a lot of my colleagues who do CBTI and asked them how do you choose a wake time. And there is no standardized method. But by using this method, I'm definitely making sure that I'm at least gating the patient's sleep at a reasonable time. Because if I let that patient just choose 830 am as their wake time, and they were only producing 6.5 hours of sleep, they're going to bed at 1 in the morning. They're going to bed at 2 in the morning. And they're getting up at 830 because they chose their wake time as 830. But really, they're going to wake up at like 6 or 7. And they're not even going to cash in on the full 6.5 hours that they should be getting bed. So I've added in this component of my own of setting their wake time to be a much more reasonable time. And then what I do before giving them a bedtime, I give them a week at that wake time. And I see how much sleep is your body producing with this new wake time. Now, let's say you're doing this sleep log. And they're spending 8 hours in bed getting 4 hours of sleep. Let's say they're getting 5 hours of sleep, 8 hours in bed, and then they're taking an hour and nap a day. So they're removing all their sleep pressure during the day by taking that nap. But they need to take the nap because they're not getting enough sleep. So they're in this vicious cycle. So do you add the hour of nap time back to sleep and say, actually you're getting 6 hours of sleep. Let's do the exercise based on 5 plus 1 plus 1 plus 1 plus 1 plus 6.5. No, no, no, no, no. We want to extinguish that sleeping during the day thing. So there's a difference between a person without insomnia, healthily using naps. And there's a person with insomnia who's tapping, tapping to compensate for what's not happening at night. So I think that to best explain this, I should just finish this example of the wake time thing. So if people, because this directly ties in, if I'm setting their wake time and then I'm seeing how much time they're actually producing sleep at first week when I give them the wake time, I don't give them a bedtime. I don't even do time in bed restriction that first week because for some people setting a wake time solves the issue, which is kind of nuts, but one or two of every eight patients who I see because I see patients and groups of eight will have a huge improvement from just having a consistent wake time because their body actually recalibrates and they start getting sleepy at a more consistent time each night because they're not doing that. And I do say in that first week, I take away the naps as I don't care how you slept last night. You need to just stay awake until you're ready to go to sleep. No naps for now. Now when I have patients, probably older patients like 80 and up, I'll be okay with a nap, but I'll often at this stage, I'll say look, nap, you have a nap opportunity of 25 minutes and a 25 minute nap opportunity means you set the alarm for 25 minutes, you get in bed and it's going to go off 25 minutes later and that's when you get up. I don't care how long you actually slept during that time because I don't want you going into phase three or phase four slow wave deep sleep during the day because that's what's going to really mess you up at night. Right. A stage two sleep nap is not really an issue during the day as much. That's not going to be so bad. But at this stage of the person with insomnia that we're talking about, I don't want them taking one hour and a nap in the day. And they come back that second week having done the week time that I said and I then recompute how much time and bed they're spending and then I still use that week time and I then calculate their bedtime. And then the true time of that restriction begins week two. Okay, but just to be clear, if you have someone who is using a nap to compensate for their insomnia, step one is, just kill the nap. Kill the nap. And then let the cards settle where they may for a week. Recalculate actual sleep time and then go through the exercise as described. I've just, I've made this point on a podcast before I think, but just want to get your blessing. When we're on bow hunting trips, you are going to bed insanely late and waking up insanely early. It's just a nature of when you get back to camp and eating and then you got to be up super early. So, you can't, it's not, I've never been on one of these trips where I could actually be in bed for more than five and a half or six hours in a night. So the strategy is to get that sleep, but then I always try to get a 90 minute nap at around one in the afternoon. And I reason I pick 90 is to get a full sleep cycle. Okay. And I tend to function incredibly well under those circumstances better than I would because when we were also very physically active. Like this is demanding time. So, would you argue that there's any, would I be better off not doing that nap midday? Oh, that's a bow hunting trip and you don't have insomnia. That's not a problem. Okay. All right. Got it. Yeah. Totally different monster. And I tell people to, when, because a lot of blast few years people have been had serious illnesses. They've had COVID, they've had whatever. You know, when, when your sick, all bets are off. And what I tell people is, if you need a nap when you're sick, you need a nap when you're sick, but we maintain stimulus control. We don't nap on the couch. We're only napping in bed. And if you're awake and feeling sick, then you can be on the couch, not in bed. Well, we're on that topic. What do you say to the legions of people watching who, um, fall asleep watching TV on the couch? Oh, the worst, right? So, a lot of people fall asleep on the couch because they're just so over tired that they've, they should pass out. Like, their body's ready to go to bed and they're just like, let knit and they're not getting up and doing the thing. I tell people, look, if you're want to prioritize your sleep, pay attention to your body. When you're watching TV, do you notice that you're starting to nod off? Do you notice your eyelids feeling heavier? Hands feeling warmer. You're starting to sag a little bit. Like, okay, these are indicators that it's probably time to get off the couch and go to bed. And for people who can't figure that out, I said, okay, you want to watch TV at night in the stool. You're going to figure that real fast. And what about just the social dynamic of it, which is when you have a couple and, uh, not that I'm saying this from experience at all. And one, one part of that couple, uh, they want to be together and watch TV, but one member of that team falls asleep immediately while the other does not. And the one that does not tries to tell the one that is to go to bed, but that couple says, but I, but that one wants to be with the other, like, I don't know if you can ever imagine a scenario like that. Yeah. I'm just making it up. Mm. Okay, good. I'm glad you're making that one up. No, I have a lot of these couple level issues that come up in sleep clinic. This is not uncommon. Because what's more intimate than being completely unconscious next to another person if you think about it, like evolutionarily, that's probably the riskiest thing you can do, right? So there is this desire for closeness in lots of couples. And it becomes a challenge when one of the members of a couple has a sleep problem. And the first step is remembering, like, that this is not necessarily permanent. We need to go about fixing this now. And then we can find a new winning solution. So in the interim, I'm assuming you've already tried, you know, maybe watching something different on TV that might be more exciting to the second partner, et cetera. And it's not about the boringness of the show per se. It doesn't have here to be. Mm. Okay, good. That's the issue. Then I would say, hey, like, this is a priority. What are we going to do? We're going to schedule it. We're going to schedule time to be on the couch together at a time when I can definitely be awake and be spending meaningful time with you. Problem is sometimes other members of the family who tend to be smaller, also tend to be occupying all of the bandwidth during those earlier hours when the member of the family in question is able to be awake. This is a hard problem to scale. But what I would just say is, if you're ready to go to, if you're actually ready to go to bed and your body is saying that you need to sleep, you should probably do that. It's more likely that then you'll be awake the next day and be a more pleasant, exciting partner to be around and be able to have more meaningful experiences with your partner that way. Otherwise, as hell people look, this is an issue. If it's really an issue, we're going to get a babysitter. Let's figure it out. There are ways to get around these things. People just often want it to work like they see in the movies. Like, oh, this should be easy. Now, if obviously I'm talking about my wife here, so I'll stop double speaking. But if my wife falls asleep every single time on the couch, but then when said Netflix is over and we go up to bed, she falls right back asleep and it doesn't seem to keep her awake. Is it pathologic? No. This isn't necessarily problem. What I would say is that we do tend to have, but we sleep more deeply at the beginning of the night. We experience more slow waves, sleep in the first half of the night and then more REM sleep in the second half of the night. I think other podcasts, guests you've had, can definitely go into the neurobiology of this much more deeply. But my way that I like explaining this has to do with evolution. If you think about it, one more deeply, deeply asleep. We're kind of tuned out, right? On the prairie, when we figured, okay, it's safe to go to sleep right now, our body's prioritized getting that really deep sleep when we knew it was safe. Then as the night goes on, we sleep more and more lightly, which makes sense because, hey, there could be lions and tigers around or whatever that are going to come in eat us. So evolutionarily speaking, it was adaptive to sleep more deeply in the first half of the night. Now, if your wife is falling asleep on the couch and getting some of that sleep at that stage of the night and maybe getting more interrupted aspects of that because there's noise from the TV or whatnot, it could be disturbing all the other stuff. That's the drawback, right? Makes sense. And just, and then to that effect on the prairie, right? It also makes sense that evolutionarily, that there's diversity in people who are night elves and early morning larks, right? We needed that diversity in order to keep the tribe safe from the threats on the prairie. Some people were staying up late, okay, no lines. Some people were up early, okay, no lines. And yeah, there's nothing pathologic about being a person who's going to be more likely to fall asleep earlier or be a person who's more of an idol. It's not, and it's very hard to change that. Yeah, a lot of patients want to change it. And there are broadly two to three different archetypes of that, right? There are the, I know there's a circadian rhythm test you can take online that kind of gives you a sense of it, but it's, I almost think it's so self-evident if you pay attention to it is your patterns. It is. And I'm, I'm really a clinician. So I deal with what's in front of me all the time. I'm not so concerned about these tests. I'm more concerned about what's the problem that's messing up your life right now and how can we work around that? Let's go back to sleep hygiene for a second. For a temperature. Yes. You know, nowadays we have these incredible devices that can cool our mattresses and things of that nature. Obviously we have air conditioning that can cool the room. Do you have a preference for one or the other? I mean, clearly not everybody needs to buy a mattress, cooling device if they can't afford it, that shouldn't be an impediment to sleep. So do you have a room temp set? We typically talk about the mid 60s as an ideal room temp do you adhere to that? Yes, mid 60s is terrific. And if people say, oh, if this is just too cold, I say, well, what's too cold that often they will say my feet? And we have wonderful solutions for that. They're called socks. And we can get really thick socks. And I'm also not opposed to, you know, those tiny little heating pads, you can get there like this big. I'm like a foot and a half by a foot or something. Putting one of those in the foot of your bed, it's got an auto shut off, shut off after like an hour or something to fall asleep with. I don't have a problem with that. There's no issue there. But yes, a cool room is definitely key. And you know, insert my refrain about down, comforters, duvets, etc. Get cotton blankets, get cotton sheets. And then let's talk about light. Do we need to have it so pitch black? You can't see your hand in front of your face. Do we need to block the moonlight? How dark do we need it to be? Yeah. So this is a common question. If you close your eyes right now, you'd be able to tell that it's light in this room. We can sense light through our closed eyelids. And many women would tell you that their eyelids seem to get thinner as they age. So I think an eye mask is a great addition. And this is for a lot of people early morning awakenings. Eye masks can be a game change because they don't realize that what's causing the early morning awakenings is a little bit of light getting the wrong part of their eye indicating it's time to be awake right now. And I don't know the details on what wavelength of light that is or what necessarily the light is coming from, whether it's a light in outside from the sun or the moon or whatever it might be. But the point is there's a lot of folks with early morning awakening can really benefit from having something covering their eyes, whether it's asleep mask or there's like hats that go down here now. I'm a big fan of making your room dark. I am one of those people who travels with a role of black electrical tape because you go to a hotel room and there's like 50,000 lights everywhere. And you wouldn't, you wouldn't just get relief from the eye mask and the system. I do, but I'm one of those people who rip my eye mask off in the middle of the night. And I've tried every single eye mask and it's come off. So I like to wear it. I start with it. I try and keep it on as much as I can. But I also, if there's a griegeous lights in the room, I cover the mudlock. Meaning like you're going to cover the alarm clock and over the bed. Oh, yeah. And no, there's none of that in my room. Yeah, I don't do that. But back to the cool thing for us. My trick is I unplug alarm clocks because I realize sometimes they're so complicated that they just go off in the middle of the night and I didn't realize it. Oh, totally. And the microwaves are the worst. Those are the blinking time. I'll clocks in there. But you mentioned the cooling mattress stuff, which I'm intrigued by, but I also am concerned about. It seems that a lot of these mattresses have settings where you can make it cooler, but also you could make it warmer. And I worry about two things. One is I worry about messing with our circadian temperature biology. Because you remember in the 1980s for a hot minute when electric blankets were really popular. And all of a sudden they're not. They were starting to see associations between electric blanket use and some cancers. And at the time, there was a lot of speculation that this was related to EMF. But the great thing that time does is it gives us more perspective. And there are some indications that actually that might have been messing with circadian temperature. And that might have been part of the issue. We know that night shift work is carcinogenic. So all of these things that need to be done. Yeah. Night shift works been declared a good question. Well, I mean, no disrespect to the WHO. I don't know what I believe that they say. I know that there's an association between night shift work and cancer. But do we really know that it's causal? I think if we go Bradford Hill on this. And we look at temporality. I think that there are our age-matched case control studies where they can look at people going through different to a control for history effects, right? To see our people getting more and less cancers. We know it's it is tricky because if for example, you look at firefighters, right? We're way more likely to get cancer. They're way more technical. It's a bit of way more other things in the mix. But I think that some of the more classic studies have also been done with hospital workers, right? Also confounding effects. But yeah, and how do we get around the confounding effects of the diet, the obvious dietary shifts that occur in people when they're working under those conditions? I mean, if I think back to how I ate in residency or how I ate after a night of poor sleep, I mean, it's yeah. I to me that's that would be more the cause. I'd put more of that on kind of the metabolic ill health that might result. But Macarion. Yeah, I think that there's it's it's often hard for people to sleep during the day, making that change from going to sleeping at night, to being a person who sleeps during the day. For some people, it's not even possible. You talk to some night shift workers. They shift, they sleep very little because they just can't sleep during the day. They're not able to flip. They're circadian biology. But there's a whole history, and I know we'll probably talk about thermal stuff in a bit, but of looking at disruptions in circadian temperature as one of the most common, like circadian disruptions in mental health disorders. Going back to the cancer thing, what would be the belief to mechanism of action? I would talk to an oncologist about that, and I would probably talk to a circadian biology person about that. But what I can just speak to is just my understanding that electric blankets are no longer here with us and very common because there were these observed ill health effects, whether they're due to EMF or whether they're due to messing with your body temperature at night. What concerns me about some of the exogenous interventions like mattresses that might heat up is that there's supposed to be a normal circadian temperature rhythm that we do during the day and during the night. And when we start imposing things on that, my understanding that some of these mattresses can actually be set to cycle different temperatures during the night and all of these things. Yeah, I think so the one that I use, and just by full disclosure, I'm an advisor to that company, the one that I use, you change how cold it is throughout the night. So I think I run it as, I think the settings go from zero to minus 10. Like, where my 10 is the absolute coldest. Zero is no temperature. Is that like a point skill or is that degrees? No, it's a point skill. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So, you know, I think I get in and I have it at like minus five and I run it down to minus 10. Okay. And then I bring it up to minus five in the morning. Something to that. So I'm taking it from cold to really cold to cold. Right. Okay. So where my concern is just that my understanding of some of these things. Your thinking people would heat themselves with these things. Yeah. But that gets to the point which we know we don't want to be warm. We don't want to debate. Right. But a lot of people get in bed and they don't like feeling cold. Because it is easier to fall asleep when your hands in your feet and your skin is warmer. Right. So people will maybe mistakenly do this for more of the nights than they should. And I'm just concerned that our circadian temperature rhythm is an exquisitely controlled system. And like a my a 10 point scale on a device. I think pales in comparison to the complexity of what our bodies need to do in terms of temperature. Well, I mean, I think that the good news is if you can keep your room at 65. Yes. None of this matters, right? And if you, um, and the biggest challenge, honestly, is hotels for most people. It's where you have the hardest time controlling temperature. Hotels are the worst. And there are some mattresses now that are just they're just hot. And there's a whole, well, there's a short list of mattresses. So I just tell people like, look, that's going to be a hot mattress. Don't get that one. And you want to be really careful to make sure that you can be cool in your bed. And I think the easiest way to do that if you don't have the money to splurge on you know, something that's going to be a mattress that's going to definitely be cool will be keeping your room cool. What about, um, blue light before bed? So so I've, I've looked at these data quite a bit. And I would say that six years ago, I sort of was in the camp of every light had to be red. So, you know, I had to have my phone shifted into a red light phase. My computer shifted into a red light phase. I had all of these apps that managed all of this stuff. So as soon as the sun went down, blue light was being removed from my electronics. And I have to say, I sleep subjectively and objectively better today. I say objectively if you can believe what a sleep tracker tells you. But, but we can bracket that and come back to it. We should. Um, paying never taking blue light out of my devices, but instead paying attention to what I'm consuming. In other words, my new hypothesis has become it's not the blue light that is the problem. It's the stimulus that often comes with the blue light. In other words, not looking at social media, with regardless of light color is a far greater positive impact on my sleep than looking at those things, but just making sure that there's no blue light coming through. Yeah. So, so let's talk about that. What is the, what is the role of minimizing blue light when it comes to preparing for sleep? That's an excellent question. Well, first, I want to completely agree with you. We didn't evolve for the neural experience of Instagram. That's not, we're not ready for that. Right. And I think regardless of what color light you're getting your Instagram on, that's probably not helpful before you go to bed. So, I think that you're entirely right. I think the larger problem is not necessarily the blue light, but is the thing that we're interacting with. Whether it's an iPad or a phone or a computer, because typically those things are going to involve social media, work, email, all of these other things that I think are much more potent disruptors of sleep than the blue light itself. I must caveat this though. I have had a few patients who have found, they were not using Instagram before bed. They were not doing email before bed none of this. Not there anything stress forced in you. No. But, and I just finished with a patient recently like this, who found that using orange colored glasses. And I'm talking orange colored glasses, not those beautiful blue light blocking glasses that are clear lenses that I'm not sure what they're really doing sometimes. Like I'm talking ugly, motor cycle, looking orange lenses. And I found that handful of patients wearing these two hours before bed, it completely ameliorates their sleep on set and so on. Yeah, such that they were able to almost immediately banbean. The beauty of these interventions is if you can isolate them to one change at a time, you can be empirical about it and something like wearing glasses is benign. I mean, you're only out the money you spend on them and if it works, great. And if you really want to test it, take them off and see if your symptoms return. Exactly. And if they don't, maybe it fixed you, maybe it wasn't that who cares if they return and you can fix it. Yeah, like again, I don't, I try not to be terribly dogmatic about this stuff. But I also sort of think that when people go to great lengths to remove blue light without removing stimulus, they're missing the boat a little bit. And for me, social media is not much of a stimulus. I actually don't pay that much attention to it, but work is. Yeah. So for me, the single worst thing I can do right before bed is look at email. Oh yeah. If I've like, you know, we're as watching TV, totally like it's a total beautiful way for me to be distracted by watching something mindless on Netflix for an hour. And as long as I don't go and check my email and see what got sent to me in the last hour. Right. It'll be great. It doesn't matter that I just finished watching a big bright screen of Netflix. Right. Doesn't seem to impact me. Totally. Because, well, one is much more interactive and stressful and one is very passive. And you're just watching a movie that has nothing to do with you, no bearing in your life. Right. And what I would say back to you, what I'm going to call AB testing, right? Whenever you want to test one of these individual, what I call low hanging fruit interventions, you want to collect your own data on a paper sleep diary for two weeks. Make the change. You must do it for two weeks. And there's a few more low hanging fruit pieces of sleep hygiene. By the way, do you have a nice template that people can like we have one that we give our patients. Again, it's super low tech. It's a piece of paper. Do you have one on your UCSF website? I can make it public. Yeah. Yeah. I'll give you a link to it in the show notes just so folks. He's easy to do. And where we get the link ours as well. But yours is probably better. Arze is like boxes you color in. Oh, yeah. And it's like you put C when you had caffeine. You know, A when you had alcohol, E when you exercise. So we're documenting when did you exercise? When did you have food, alcohol, caffeine? And when were you in bed and when were you sleeping? By the shading. Yours might be even more high tech than mine. But what I will tell you is mine is just enough to get the information that I will definitely act on. That's okay. Nothing else. But I will tell you, can I go over a couple more pieces of low hanging on sleep hygiene? Yeah. So okay. So back to the glasses. If you are a person who has trouble with what we call early in so many as a difficulty falling sleep at the beginning of the night. And you're already not looking at your email, not doing Instagram. You're just annoyed that you cannot fall asleep at the beginning of the night. It's worth it to try these glasses for two hours and night for two weeks and see what happens. It's it's it's it's it's so easy to do, right? And to be clear what is our particular brand? I mean, I have no affiliations with any of these things. I can tell you there's some really nice ugly ones from low blue lights.com. I think. I still am business. But they look like motorcycle goggles. I do think that the wrap around features is important. It's going for it. Let's go for it. Right? So it's a worthy thing to do. Another important thing to do is to talk to your physician. I'm not a physician, but I work with a ton of them. And I learned this from an anesthesiologist. All medications have circadian effects. All of them. Somehow it's probably not known for all of them how they do. But they do. Make sure you are taking your medications at the same time every day. And at the right time of day. For example, I want to had a patient coming in saying they were taking 450 milligrams of bupropion for depression before bed. No. Right. That's going to be a pretty stimulating dose of some of the day for bed. So make sure that you go over your medications with your doctor and that you're taking them at the optimal times of day and be really consistent with your medications. And another one that is a particularly low hanging piece of fruit is something called decaffinated coffee. Turns out there are speculations that decaff coffee can have as much as 15 to 30 percent of the caffeine that regular coffee has. I haven't found that reference. I've dug. I've tried to find one that will show that. I haven't found exactly that. But there are some data from 2006 that were published saying that you know 15-ish percent. But then again, more recent data have shown that Starbucks, I think, says that their 12 ounce has 155 milligrams of caffeine. But outside laboratory testing found like 310 something like that. So when you're decaffinating coffee that's much more caffeinated than you started with, this can make it an absolutely huge difference. I tell people were done with caffeine by 11. That's my 11-am. That's my standard. Unless we've got an extreme face delay or phase advance, I should define those terms. A phase delay is when you go to bed really late and you wake up really late. A phase advance is when you wake up really early and you go to bed really early. So someone who's waking up at like 330 in the morning and going to bed at like 8 p.m. That would be like a phase advance. Phase delay would be like I'm going to bed at 3 a.m. and I'm waking up at 10 a.m. Right. So in those cases, I might do something differential with the caffeine. But for most people who are neither of those, I'll cut it off at 11 and it's that includes your, your caffeinated coffee and your decaffinated coffee and I never take people's caffeine away. Caffeine withdrawal is not something I want to deal with in my clinic and I don't think it's necessary. You can cause a lot of damage taking me by someone's coffee. People really don't like that. Really put some in a bad mood and it's not necessary. So I tell people do not change how much coffee you're drinking, put it all before 11. Right. Just move it all. What fraction of people are such rapid caffeine metabolizers that they seem immune to caffeine and sleep? I think that that person doesn't actually exist. I'm not, I need to be convinced that there are people, I mean, what the normal caffeine half life is four to six hours. Right. So even if we take someone who's four hours, that means after four hours you still have half of a cup of coffee and after eight hours you still have a quarter of a cup of coffee and if you have that coffee at two PM and that coffee actually had three hundred and ten milligrams of caffeine in it and it was only a tall coffee from Starbucks and there's a lot of contingencies to build in here. But I, I could tell you people, someone just know, actually stops using the coffee after dinner and it's like a world of difference for their sleep quality. People will say, oh, no, I fall asleep. Just fine. It doesn't affect me. Well, it is affecting you. It's affecting the electrical quality of your sleep throughout the whole night and I would refer you to talking to like a sleep neurologist to interpret some of those sleep studies and talk with you more about that. For my purposes, all I need to know is the person who's trying to fix the insomnia is, oh, you're having two D.K.F. coffees after dinner every night. That could add up and that could be doing something and that could make your sleep less restful. Okay. So low hanging fruit. Just stop at at 11. Like do the experiment at a minimum. Okay. So those are three. But don't forget is the key thing. Anything, any other really obvious things to AB test for two weeks? So do you want to talk about getting off medications or do you want to leave that and put that in the next? Let's wrap up all of this and then I want to do I do want to talk about the weaning off. Especially the ambience and the lunastas and the all that stuff. Yeah. Yeah. No, I think that that's the major part. I will tell people also people like to fall asleep with podcasts on don't do that. Including this one, right? Right. Yeah. Well, this is an easy one to fall asleep too. But I don't know. I hope that people aren't falling asleep listening to this. Although if this helps them sleep, one of the things we want to talk about is on the realist re-reoxation techniques. Where does or does mindfulness based practice come into it? So anyone who's done mindfulness based meditation probably appreciates how difficult it is. It's not like, you know, transcendental meditation where you're focusing on a mantra. You're instead focusing on a sensation typically breathing. But body awareness is a thing that you want to focus on. Is that counterproductive or is it productive as you're laying there awake? So my unsatisfying answer to so many questions is always going to be at the pens because there's moderator variables, right? And when it comes to CBTI, what we know is that what's been tested is progressive muscle relaxation, which you could argue is a form of a body scan, which is part of many mindfulness practices, right? Where you scan your whole body, you think about your hands. You notice how they're feeling, are they warm, are they soft, whatnot? And you move through your whole body with progressive muscle relaxation, you squeeze your hands and you let them go, you squeeze them and you let them go. It's more of an active process that you're paying attention to throughout your body. Doing this in bed right before you fall asleep for a few minutes is fine. That's kind of the one exception to the sleep and sex rule. I tell people that it's also fine to practice this in other parts of your house. You don't have to just be in bed. But the body scan and mindfulness in general has been studied in combination with CBTI. And what the data have shown is somewhat fascinating. There's no actual differential improvement on sleep duration or metrics of sleep. But people like the mindfulness stuff. They report they're just more they're more happy with it. They like they like doing that. Right? But in terms of actual improvement on sleep outcomes, I don't think it really adds too too much to CBTI. The effects with CBTI are pretty whopping. When it's done well, you know, 50 to 60% of people can get remission and 70% can get clinically meaningful improvement to their sleep. So that's, I mean, in the world of psychological treatments, that's really good. But to circle back to your question, mindfulness is great. I think there's a lot of practical uses for it for helping yourself when you're in psychological states. You don't want to be in. It's a great way to be in life. But when it comes to sleep, do I need you to start a mindfulness practice to improve your sleep? No. So you mentioned 50 to 60% of people are going to have a remission closer to 50, but yeah, 70% will have a clinical meaningful clinical improvement of the 30% that do not. Why when does the treatment fail? The treatment fails when people don't do it. So in other words, we're really saying it 30% of people are not able to adhere to the treatment. I wouldn't go that far. There are some people who are genetically short sleepers. And at some point this may become distressing for them. I had a great, I had a story of a patient who was in her 70s and came to me saying, I have a huge problem. My sleep is not good. And I asked her, okay, so tell me all about this. She was like, upper 70s had a volunteer job in Sanford. Like really active, full workout plan. I'm like, you're crushing it, lady. What's the problem, exactly? She says, well, I joined the study and I had to wear this wearable device. And I woke up in the morning and it says that things are not going well every morning, morning after morning. And it says I'm at risk for different things. I'm not going to say which wearable company was, but and I said, okay, okay, so there's rips. There's an amazing treatment for that. Can I see the wearable device? Can I please just have that wearable device? Here's my vise grips. Exactly. So, and this was a while ago, but I took it away from her because I think, you know, and the wearable devices now are not doing doing this. This was, oh gosh, seven, eight years ago. This is actually, I actually wanted to ask, this is a, I made a note to ask you this question, which is when do you tell people? Because we do this with our patients, which is take the tracker off. We're doing a six month tracker holiday. Yeah. Done with the tracker. Done. So, is that kind of mainstay part of your treatment is like, let's get all that anxiety out of there for people with insomnia. I tell them, yes. And I do like with, we're coming to me in my clinic. The people who have bothered to wait a year and a half to get into the clinic, those people, yes, I am telling them that. And so, to go back to your 30% of people, the genetically short sleepers who become distressed about their sleep are not going to be helped by CBTI. They're not. Maybe they shouldn't be helped. Maybe there's nothing to fix. Correct. Yeah. Correct. But they're presenting. So, I'm putting them in the group. I got it. And then, yes, we know that there are so, there's such a huge body of data on CBTI at this point. It's just wonderfully studied. And we know that when people don't do the treatment, it doesn't work. adherence is a major, major component. Duration of treatment also matters. It seems that if you do four or more sessions with a therapist doing the CBTI, your outcomes are going to be way better than if you try and cut it way short with one or two. My treatment is five sessions. I do an intake. You get five treatment sessions. And then I do a follow-up where we just tidy things up. And the space between them is a week. Always one week. I am militant about this. If you're going to miss a week, you can't be in it. You have to wait for the next cycle. Given that people are waiting a year and a half to see you, tells me that there's a mismatch on the supply demand curve. Yeah. Why is that the case? Yeah. This is a great question. So, first of all, there is a great directory that I can give you for the show notes where people can, so there's actually a way you can look up all over the world. We use it ourselves. But this is a slightly regional sleep medicine thing. Yeah. So, that is how you would find a provider who definitely knows how to do CBTI. One of the major problems comes down to psychologists and providers taking insurance. A lot of the best folks there in private practice, they don't take insurance. And you could be paying hundreds of dollars a session to see them. Right? And they're pretty backed up as it is. And they don't take insurance. Yeah. I am fortunate. I get to work at UCSF at the OSHA Center for Integrative Health. And we take Medicare and all kinds of insurance. So, people can pay minimal or non-existent copays to see me. And there are other CBTI providers at UCSF. They're waitlists are long, long, long too. In fact, in order to see patients now with any volume, I don't see individual patients. I see eight patients at a time in group medical visits. And I do it 90 minutes every week, all eight patients in that 90 minutes to get it done. So, what will it take for AI to replicate what you're doing to scale this much more? Because a lot of this, I'm a lot of the work I do can be done by an AI. How much of the art and science of this is teachable to LLMs. And and at least as another offering. Like, I'm not saying it should ever displace what you're doing or what a therapist is doing. But if we have a backlog of people for years, shouldn't we have an alternative, which might say, look, there's an online course that you can do that will give you 70% of the value of what you might get sitting in the group with Ashley. Oh, hey, if you can find a way to replace me, I'm here for it. If we could actually just come up with an alternative to scale. Here's the issue. There are some CBTI apps, smart phone apps, and it's out there. And I've had patients who've tried these and they're while they're waiting. Yes, exactly. And they'll come in and they'll say, oh, you know, it might help a little bit. But, and I think the major issue is that many, many people with sleep problems think that their sleep problem is unique. It's special. This can't be treated by just a generic app. My problem is different. Right? And the joy of me having a group is that people can hear that everybody's problems are different. And I'm going to treat you all the same way. You're all going to do the same things. You might do it at different times. But you're all going to do the same things. And I think that there is a world where AI can help with the personalization aspect. And I'm actually I'm actually helping a company that's making an app. It's called the rest. And they are integrating AI to use, for example, the way that I calculate someone's wake time, which is not something that's in standard CBTI. They're incorporating that. And they're able to actually do more tailoring. And I'm excited to see where it goes. But I think that the biggest fly in the climate with this is going to be getting patients to look at the fact that they have been assigned to wake up at the same time every day for the next seven days. And think, oh gosh, I only wake up at 5am two days a week. Normally now I have to do it every day. Getting them to really do it is going to be hard. Before my patients enroll in my clinic, they watch a 10 minute video. And it's a really scary video. In that video, I'm basically saying, look, this is going to be hard. You're going to hate me. You're going to want to make a dark board with my face on it and play darks on it. You are going to suffer in the beginning of this treatment. But guess what? You have been suffering for months or years. Now you're going to suffer for five weeks. You're going to do my way. And if you don't like it, you can go back to your way. This is five weeks of your life. How bad can it be? How much worse can it get? So I do one of these kind of pep talk videos. There's just something about knowing that someone else is actually really paying attention to one of the biggest problem. If not the biggest problem in your life at that moment, sleep is a 24 hour day problem. This is not just a problem at night. It is affecting you all day. It is intensely personal. So it's a lot to trust and algorithm or an app to know, oh, okay, I really should do these things. I think it's a big ask and it's hard. By the way, when you're giving them that bootcamp speech, is the time and bed restriction typically the thing that causes the most distress. I think the thing that causes the most, well, that's a great question. They don't know about that at that stage. I intentionally am not people are in the dark at that stage. I just say, look, we're going to do this thing. It's going to be really hard. You're going to get worse before you get better because everybody sleeps less the first couple of weeks, right? Well, we're getting all these things lined up. And for some people, what ends up being the hardest is the wake time because they're used to just sleeping in whenever they can or catching up on those catching up on those hours when they when they can. For other people, those the super late bed time that I give them, that's what crushes them. Oh, my gosh, I have to stay up until then. But the great news is that we dial it back over time. And I don't think we talked about this part with time and bed restriction, which is just that there's a benchmark for efficiency, for efficiency. And we define sleep efficiency as the amount of time that you're in bed sleeping, divided by the entire time that you're spending in bed. And the benchmark is 85%. So each week, I'm actually calculating sleep efficiency from people's paper sleep diaries. And once we do time in bed restriction, if they are above 85%, I move their bed time back 15 minutes. And then if that's the same for another week, you move back another 15 minutes. And people say 15 minutes, two cares. I'm like, oh, you'll care after after four weeks, that's an extra hour every night. That's huge. And our people able to with a high enough fidelity report awake time in bed. Like for example, like if I were doing this, let's assume I've got a clock next to my bed that I can look at because you have to do that for this purpose. You have to have some device to keep track of time. So I get in bed because my time in bed tonight is 11 and my wake up time tomorrow is 530. Okay. So I get in bed. It's 11. Check. Okay. How do I know what time I fell asleep? Let's just say I didn't have an issue falling asleep. How do I know if it's 1115 versus 1130? I'm looking for the difference between five minutes and 50 minutes. One of those for that time to fall asleep thing, right? And in the middle of the night, when you're waking up, guess what? If you're not getting laid, you're getting out of bed. So you can look at the clock. You're like, all right, I'm out of bed. And then you have to go do what I call a very fun and potentially embarrassing activity. Embarrassing, meaning if you're boss caught you doing this activity during the work day, you should feel embarrassed. So for example, reading people magazine or reading some trashy magazine, right? You wouldn't want to be caught at your dust doing that at work. That's exactly what you should be doing. I see you're sitting on the night. So person wakes up at two in the morning, the idea, and they can't go back to sleep. Get up. Yeah. Go and do something that is not productive, not rewarding in the way that, hey, this is I'm building a pattern around getting up and doing something I like. Right. So I wouldn't be able to get up and play chess. Do I wouldn't be able to do the online chess thing that I love? Maybe maybe not. I mean, I tell people they can play solitaire. Okay. Adult coloring books are all the rage. People that I couldn't check email. No. Work related work is a definite no. What about scrolling social media? No, no. We don't like that. Again, like although that meets the criteria of your you would be embarrassed catching you doing it, right? We don't do social media or interactive nearly, like neural experience we didn't evolve. That's fine. Okay. But we don't read about global warming, current events, politics, pandemics, like those things are off the menu. Stock trading? I have it stressful. I wouldn't do that. Okay. So there's a narrow subset of activities that you are going to get out of bed to do. Yeah. Yeah. Stuff that's kind of boring, but entertaining enough because we don't want you to get a habit of looking forward to doing something in the middle of the night. This happens with parents. So I'll have parent, like a parent, for example, who might be busy all the darn day with their kids and their families needs and everything else. And then in the middle of the night they wake up and it's like, oh, this is me time. This is when I'm going to do all these really fun things that I don't get to do during the day. We don't want to make a habit of you time being between three and four a.m. That's really when you want you to be sleeping. Right. So sometimes you have to schedule that stuff during the day. But we want the stuff in the middle of the night to be mildly boring into that and back to your blue light thing. I don't mind if people watch, for example, an episode of mash or Gilligan's Island or sex in the city or some other sitcom. I like 20 minute episodes because then you can generally turn it off, check in with your body. I think am I ready to go back to sleep and then you can go back to sleep. Do you remember in the 90s, um, if you played video games ever, how we had those like cartridges and we go put them in and sometimes we have to take out and blow them out to put them back in and reset them because they would freeze. That's what you're doing when you get out of bed in the middle of the night, you do it for an activity. You're resetting and then you're going back to sleep instead of just having stewed and bed that whole time. Yeah. Right. And it's much easier to fall back to sleep when you have that reset. So we don't want the activity to be too stimulating, but just like mildly boring and entertaining enough. Got it. That's right. Yep. Uh, one obvious thing we haven't talked about and maybe it's so obvious we don't need to, but just to close the loop on it as food and alcohol and how they pertain to this. Um, so what's your, what's the checklist you run through with the, with the clients? So since we're dealing with so much life, I actually don't mess with their food. All I do is say, hey, really, let's try to not eat within three hours of going bed. Okay. Right. Um, sometimes it's rare that I'll have nighttime binge eating disorder to deal with at the same time or a blood glucose issue that, you know, diabetes that's poorly controlled at the same time, but I'm going to put those cases aside for just a moment. Okay. So I generally will go with don't eat for three hours before bed. And when it comes to alcohol, I tell my patients look. This is five weeks of your life. I'm not going to drink and you're not going to drink. So when I'm running a clinic, nobody's drinking. And the reason for this is that in order for me to actually see what's going on with your sleep, I need to see this with the least perturbation possible. And alcohol and marijuana are those things. Now, if people are using a lot of marijuana or a lot of alcohol, I'm not here to put people into withdrawal. So they just don't enroll until they're, no, no, no, I don't. So what I'll do is before people come to their first group, I have them do a sleep diary so I can see what's going on. And before that, I will have done their intake and I'll have them have told me their alcohol and taken all of the side at all. Here's what you're going to do. You're going to, you're going to not or you're going, like, let's say someone I just finished with some people, one of them was drinking between 16 and 20 ounces of wine and I, his huge, okay. And I said, okay. So you're going to drink two ounces of wine and I out of that same glass. And then you know, you're going to keep using that glass and you're going to drink something else. Some other fruit-food drink, I don't care what it is, right. But I want it to be something that is, you don't drink during the day, so I want it to be, you know, overpriced juice or overpriced bubbly water or something like something special. Some special, right. And you're going to keep drinking it out of that wine glass. And I have them do that, right. And I make sure they can do it before they start treatment. And they generally can, because again, the other part that I have going for me is that people have been waiting so long that by the time they get to me, they'll do what I say, which is just this lovely, lovely gift that I have. But I'll make people be very consistent with that, they'll be like, oh, I have to drink two ounces of wine and I'll say, yes, you do, you must. I want this consistent, right. That's the thing, consistency. And so if someone's saying, oh, no, I drink three nights a week and I'll say, all right, cut it out. You're going to stop. I'm going to stop. Are there any specific cognitive techniques that people are instructed to be working on when they first wake up? No. Nothing. There's nothing. No mind game to play. It's all behavior behavior. I'm all business. Yep, it's CPTI. I'm a purest. And I don't involve the cognitive techniques until week three of five. Okay. And that's when we get into things like scheduled worry time, working with the thought records. And then also one of my favorite things to do with patients who seem to wake up in the middle of the night, maybe at one AM, they jolt themselves awake, worrying about something in particular. And if I have a patient like that who every morning, every night in the middle of the night wakes up at one AM and says, I'm very worried about thing A. Also, okay, thing A. Here's what I'd like you to do with thing A. I would like you to track how worried you are about thing A all day, every couple of hours. It's called tracking degree of belief in the thought. And what you might find is that I'll I'll build on this with an example of a patient that I had actually this might be an easier way to explain it. I once had a patient with multiple sclerosis early 30s, pretty debilitating disease to have when you're that young, working a full-time job who used to jolt awake in the morning every morning at 7 AM thinking I'm never going to make it through this day. My whole body hurts. This is a mess. I'm never going to be able to do this. And she would lay in bed for two hours until like nine o'clock, thinking these thoughts. Just, oh, I can't do this. Right now, the clock should get out of bed. She'll shower. She'll get to work by 10 o'clock because in the Bay Area, all these tarps don't start till like 10. And then she'd actually get her coffee, work with her assistant, do her meetings. And if I asked her, how much do you believe that thought I'm never going to make it through this day at noon? She'd probably say, oh, like 50, 60% like this afternoon is going to be rough. I don't know if I'm going to make it through. But if you ask her at 530 when she's done working or whatnot, oh, how much do you believe that thought I'm never going to make it through this day? She'll like, oh, I made it. Zero percent. And day after day, she started really, I was like, oh, I don't believe this thought at 7 a.m. because it's true that I'm never going to make it through this day. I believe this thought because it's 7 a.m. Right? And once she was able to make that connection, we were able to recapture her mornings. And at 7 a.m. she went and said, on her couch, and she started doing something she loved doing 7 in 9, which for her was learning Italian with an app. She loved it. And 7 to 9 used to be her most hated part of the day. But by the end of treatment, it was her most beloved part of the day. Because no one was bothering her and she could learn Italian and whatnot. And so one of the tricks and not tricks but cognitive tools that I've built into CBTI in that cognitive package is tracking how much you believe a thought over a given day. And if you believe a thought in different levels throughout the day, how true can it really be? And it's really a lightning. And I would invite you to notice what you're thinking about at 1 a.m. And then just see how worried are you or how much do you believe this the next day at 3 p.m. Oh, not at all. How come this gets airtime? How come this deserves airtime at 1 a.m. but not 3 p.m. Let's talk about sleep supplements. So do you do a purge of supplements when people come to you when they say, hey, I'm I'm taking a pound of melatonin every night. I'm on an ashwaganda drip. You know, just rattle them off. Let's we could go through this. Can I give you two links for the show notes to studies of melatonin supplements that found that these melatonin supplements either had none of what they said they had in the park? Yes, I think we wrote a newsletter on one of them. Oh, great. Well, there's been two. And so when people come in and they say they're taking melatonin. I'm like, okay, the alleged melatonin. How much of this is it? Are you taking? Let's assume that they're, you know, because obviously you're the guillist. Well, let's assume that they're taking, they are actually taking melatonin because they're getting it from one of the companies that submit to third party testing. Okay. And so now they know they're doing it. And again, let's further, um, posit that they're not taking a dose that is deemed too high. So if you look at some of the sleep literature, you know, there seems to be a kind of like most people would agree anything north of a melagram is probably just too much, um, whereas kind of in the three to 600 microgram, you know, there might be some some benefit. And more importantly, not just benefit, but actually safety, like it might be, you know, you're not sort of downregulating melatonin receptors, you're offsetting the natural decline in melatonin levels over time. I can tell from your face, you don't agree with any of this. So no, I mean, it's puzzling. So it's, it's, it's, my face is also because it's hard to know where to go with this question because so some countries you need a prescription for melatonin, right? This is something prescribed by an doctor. It is regulated. Yeah. Um, I don't remember all the countries off the top of my head, like Australia and New Zealand, but not you want that. You're not going to find it at their Walgreens. Um, but, you know, in the US, taking too much for Kent Killier. So here we go, right? Um, there are, by the time someone gets me if they've got a huge list of supplements and they still have a sleep problem, I say, okay. So clearly, these aren't doing what you want. They might be undermining what we want to do. I don't know what's actually in all of those things because none of that's regulated. The data for things like Ashwaganda are weak if you want to go Bradford Hill, we could. Um, the data are also pretty weak for melatonin except in certain cases, which we can get, we can unpack a few of those with the explicit acknowledgement that I'm, I'm not a physician. I've not been trained in this in the biological substrates whatnot, but your question is, do I take people off of this stuff? Yes, get off that stuff. It's not worth it. If you want to take it after training me with me again, great. But let's get off of it for now. Let's see what your body's actually doing because chances are you've been taking, you've been adding a supplementer to or whatnot over time for years and we didn't even know what your body wants to do now and you actually could be shooting yourself in the foot with some of these things. Right. Now, on the contrary, sometimes a patient will come in and we'll say, oh, I'm taking the beta blocker for blood pressure. Now, you and I both know that's like a fourth or fifth line treatment for blood pressure at this point. Nevertheless, beta blockers inhibit melatonin secretion. And yet, most prescribing doctors who are giving out beta blockers don't realize that there's a significant risk of insomnia when you prescribe these to patients. And I've had some patients who don't need treatment with me at all. They need a 0.5 milligram melatonin pill every night and that's it. And those are some of the most angry and satisfied patients ever. They have one visit with me. It's done their furious that they've been suffering for five, ten. I had one patient who suffered for 30 years taking, oh gosh, Metoprolol. And he wouldn't you couldn't change his supplement because something having to do with the vocal cords, he was a singer. And some of the other blood pressure medications affect that. I didn't fully understand, but he would not change blood pressure. So that was all that he needed. But do I think that the average healthy adult should be taking melatonin? No. No. Now, there's probably some excellent data that you are much more aware of than I am about how our melatonin secretion inhibition processes what not change as we age. And there may be some patients who benefit from taking melatonin, which is a hormone to induce sleep. But remember melatonin's like the guy at the start of the race, right? He's the guy with the gun. He fires the gun. He doesn't have a car on the race. He's not like helping you stay asleep. He's telling you when to start the thing. So for a lot of adults taking melatonin is really messing him up because they're trying to go to sleep when their body isn't ready to go to sleep. They're forcing it to go to sleep. Then they wake up in the middle of the night and they wonder why. And it's because, oh, you want to sleep at the wrong time and your body's all kinds of confusion. Yeah, interesting. So I really try and take people off of these things so I can see what's really going on. And then if there's something going on that looks like it might necessitate melatonin, I tag in one of my physician friends and talk about it. So what about sleep medications? And let's talk about as many as you want. Like, like, I get talk about benzos. We can talk about trasodone. We can talk about ambian. We can talk about the erects and base drugs. How many of the patients who come to see you are on a regularly taking one of these prescription based drugs, firstly. A lot of people take over the counterdrugs and prescription drugs for sleep. And there was a huge shift that I noticed when COVID started and there was a ban on flying to different countries, Mexico and Europe. And it turns out there are a lot of people who will fly to Mexico to get their ambian or and fly to Europe to get very sleep drugs that you can't necessarily get here. So all of a sudden, I saw a wave of patients dealing with withdrawal in the early months of the pandemic because they couldn't go get more of their drugs. Oh my gosh, I'm screwed. What am I doing now? How do I cope with this? So there was a mate? And why couldn't they get them here in that situation? Oh, ambians prescription only. And if you're saying they were buying it out, prescription, I got it. And they just they couldn't get a prescription while they were here. Yes, because they were taking so much that they were well beyond what they could convince someone to prescribe them. And a lot of physicians are, and a lot of my patients are physicians. And a lot of physicians are pretty redicent to go above FDA recommended doses when it comes to ambian. A lot of people don't realize that I believe I believe this is the case. The ambian is still the only drug that is differentially prescribed to men and women according to the FDA that's starting dose for women should be five millions of grams. Sorry, no, it's five to ten for instant release. And then for extended release, I believe for women at six point two five and then for men, it's six point two five all the way to 12.5 because women metabolize it less efficiently. So I mean, the people who I've seen, I've seen people taking 30 milligrams, big big doses, right? And gosh, this is a very loaded question. But there's a lot of patients who come to me who will say, I've read something in the news. It turns out this medication I'm taking for my sleep is bad for my brain. It would be like, oh, I can't see saw that. And I want to quit immediately. I need to quit my next week. Oh, okay. And you've been taking it for how long? Oh, 20 years. Okay, right. That's, oh, mm-hmm. So that never works. That never works. And I don't have, I wouldn't say that I have any sort of extreme expertise in the different classes of sleep meds. But what I can tell you is the ones that people most often are coming to me saying, I want to quit this. I hate being dependent on this. What do I, what do these are going to be the benzos? Yeah. Which doctors are becoming less and less hip to prescribing for sleep? Ambien, the synodal illness to stuff. And then over the counter stuff, like Benadrill, maybe your occasional doxipin. And then people are often prescribed remeron for sleep. And they run into metabolic issues. And they need to get off of it. So I think that covers, probably the most, the broadest swath that I see of things people wanted to quit. Now, the cubic of it, is that some of these newer ones, I don't see them as much yet. I'm sure it's coming. Yeah. And what about trasodone? Trasodone is the one that I'm the least concerned about for a couple of reasons. I've not seen compelling data that it negatively impacts the electrical quality of your sleep. No, in fact, I've seen data that it does the opposite, that it's slightly positive. Great. I mean, I just, I'm looking for what's negative. Yeah. I think I don't know if that the study that you're speaking of was statistically powered to, if the primary outcome was improvements in sleep or decromance. I think the, I think if I'm now I'm trying to remember something that I wrote many, probably three years ago, I believe the study looked at sleep duration as the primary outcome in a secondary outcome may have been staging. Yeah. So I don't think it was powered for that, but I think that incidentally did find an improvement. I think you've talked about extensively. Like it's important to think about what was a study power to look at. And all that, but I'm not the most worried about that also because it's an anti-depressant drug. And if someone's taking it and it is helping with their depression and I take them off of it in the name of trying to help with their sleep, I have created it a different problem. Although the dose people take it, it tends to not have that effect. I mean, most people are typically taking it at kind of 25, 15, typically no more than 100. Maybe at a hundred depending on the size of an individual, they're getting some of that benefit. I often see a hundred for sleep. Yeah. And so for me, I'm thinking, ooh, I don't know if that's just for sleep. Right? And then I'm also, if I see 50 even, and then I see another anti-depressant, I think, ooh, these could be working together. You actually also have a diagnosis of depression. We need to think about this carefully. So if folks are showing up on 20 milligrams of volume or, you know, Sanxer, Picker, Favorite Benzo, do you have them go and do a tapered detox with their physician before they come into the CBTI program? No, I have them do it with me. Most of the times. So you will manage the medical withdrawal on that? Let me explain exactly what I do because a scope of practice, right? So first of all, I always work with the prescribing physician. I never start without making sure the prescribing physician is explicitly aware of what I want to do. I talk with them. And this has to be one of your colleagues at UCSF or whoever they're prescribing physician. Who ever is prescribing the medication to this person? We now share a patient and have an obligation to. I, every single time I have done this, the physician has been in support of getting their patient off of benzos, except for one time, which isn't even worth really getting into, but the point is, it's an overwhelming amount of time. Yeah, I can imagine. Most of the time, these patients, these physicians have already tried to get their patients to quit and to reduce. But in my opinion, they've tried to do it way, way, way too quickly. And that's because there are physiological dependencies on these drugs and psychological dependencies on these drugs. And we have to attend to both of them while we're doing this taper process, or it's going to be a box, and the patient's going to relapse, and we're going to be back at square one or square negative one, unfortunately. So, here's what I do is, I'll, let's take, can we take a boring example? Pick your favorite benzose. They produce. I don't particularly like them myself. Yeah, no, they like it. Let's take volume. Well, okay. 10, 10 milligrams. Yeah, sure. So, let's say we've got a patient on volume. They've tried to quit. They've occasionally abused. They've gone up. They've split in next, and half. They've gone to 15 sometimes. What not? The first thing that I do with the patient is I say, all right, we are going to get you stable. Actually, for sake of better example, for sleep, let's just put you to ambient because it's a little fun. And we can make more coffee. And a fan of ambient, a very nice. To take, let's say 10 of ambient every night at the beginning of the night. And then let's say sometimes they're actually taking a fiber in the middle of the night when they wake up because they want to get back to sleep. Right, like I like the party dose. Right, right. So, let's say there, you know, some nights, it's 15, some nights, it's 10. What do we do? So, the first thing I do is I take out the middle of the night dosing and I say, we're done with the night. You limited to 10 a night and you got to take it before bed. Well, yes, you have to take it before bed. You've taken the same time every night, but if you're taken, if you're going 15, five nights a week and 10, two nights a week, I'm going to make it a 12.5 before bed. Let's put generous. Start higher, right? So, we'll, we'll agree on a dose that the patient will take and integrate upon time. So, the prescribed or an I agree on that, it's like, okay, same page, this with patients going to do and they start doing that. Generally, the patient's like, no, no, no, I'm trying to quit. I don't want to take more and I see no, not before you quit, it must be stable. You cannot quit from a point of instability. It will not work. I've seen people try and people say, oh, I want to quit. I want to go from 10 to five. No, that's not how we roll. So, let's say this patient's taking 12 and a half and they're like, okay, I want to I want to cut down. I'm like, all right, okay, so how does it go in from 12 and a half to five sound and they say, oh my gosh, that's going to be really scary. I don't think I can handle that. And what I actually have them do is I rate it on a scale from 1 to 10 with 10 being the most anxiety-provoking upsetting thing and 1 being not upsetting at all. This is called a subjective units of distress skills. So, it's okay, I have them suds it. So, I say, okay, so, going from 12.5 to five, that sounds really terrifying now because they've just done a week, right, with our consistent with 12.5 at the beginning of the night, they've had no middle of the night crutch and they're not feeling great about that, right? So, then I say, okay, so how about going from 12 to 10 and they say, oh, not as bad, but that's still like a six on my scale and I do this process all the way until I get them to a one and I'll say, all right, so next week we're going from 12.5 to 12. How are you even making that increment? Yes, I can tell you exactly how we're doing that. We're going on the internet and we are buying something called a gem scale. Now, you and I both know that people who are wealthy enough to have gems worth measuring aren't measuring their own. So, the people who are buying those scales are using them for other things. And so, what my patients end doing is they buy these scales and they get a full blown like breaking bad set up in their bathroom. We're going to, okay, we're cutting pills, we're weighing pills, we're doing math because the pill actually weighs more than 12 and a half because it's got binders and fillers and what percent doing it, and we kind of make it fun and they end up having to put the crumbly pill into a shot glass of water. We shoot it in the whole thing. We make a whole production out of it, right? But the point just is, they're going from 12.5 to 12 and we do that for like three weeks. They've been on it for years, we're going to three weeks. And the first couple nights are a little rough. So, they're only doing a seven week program with you, you're no. Oh, no. Yeah, no, this, this table program we make and it will last a year, it'll make a long to the last one. So, when they enter the program, this is a separate issue. This is a separate issue and we do this after they finish CBTI treatment. During CBTI treatment, I stabilize them on their meds and we just get it. So, they're not erratically taking five different cocktails of things. When people come in to see me for treatment, they'll say, oh yeah. So, Monday's I do ambient. Two days I do transit on Wednesday's has been a drill because they have it in their head because they think they don't want to get dependent on one. So, they think they're by doing a rotating merry-ground of these things that is actually smart. I wouldn't have even thought of that. Oh, yeah. Well, working great. Yeah. So, I generally work with the doctor and we decide, okay, here's the one you're going to do. Here's the dose you're going to do and you're going to be consistent with that. It's a vodka on Monday and then Tequila on Tuesday, red line on Wednesday and then Shard and A Thursday and this way I'll never be coming alcohol. Oh, you figured it out, Peter. So, in short, I have people really stabilized during CBTI and sometimes during week four, week three, four, they're ready to start this and we start them on this program and once I have them in this way, they're able to do this on their own. So, they'll go from 12 to 12.5 for like three weeks and they'll be keeping sleep diaries so they'll see like, oh, okay and look at some confidence. And then they'll email me, you know, the message me and let's say, okay, so now what and I'll say, all right, well, how are you feeling? Like, how, what if we go down to 11.5? How do that sound? Like, sometimes that'll be too scary. For some reason crossing the five threshold is really scary, so we go from five to four, point seven, five sometimes. And just to be clear, this is psychological. They're can't possibly be a physiologic difference between four and four, point seven, five and five, million grandfamble. That's what the medicine isn't even homogenously enough compounded within the capsule to, like, yeah, okay. So as long as everybody understands that. Probably not. But, you know, it's a test. I'm thinking some of retablets and I don't know about the homogenes. I don't know about the requirement. Yeah, because the binder and the active ingredient are, in no, like, yeah, and generic S.B. 85% similar to the, to be able to, there's all kinds of messups here. This is, remember how I said there's the psychological part, the physiological part. This is a psychological part that I think it's left out of a lot of the, oh, just cut it in half to start decreasing your dose aspect, which is dealing with, okay, what can we physiologically do? I'm talking about what can we psychologically do? And do you think that this methodology of the incredibly slow taper with incredibly high precision? Do you think it works for opioids? So I don't think I've ever seen that in my clinic. It's just not something I've had to do it. I don't know if I'm asleep. I just mean in general, like if we're dealing with people that are, or is the problem so grave that you have to be a little more aggressive and switch them to a completely different class of drugs like that's so far outside of your area. I can't speak to it, but what I can tell you is just that doing this method with the sleep drugs slowly over time, people get more confidence and they can make larger reductions at a time. And then importantly, Peter, when someone gets is tapering and something crazy in their life happens, like a child gets diagnosed with cancer or something terrible happens, we stop the taper and we stay so your taper might look like this. Right? But there's not a huge rush to get off this thing. You've been on it for 20 years. Better to stable you get off it. I always joke with people like, yeah, if you think if you can lose 10 pounds in two days, how quickly do you think you can gain two pounds? Right? So when it comes to quitting these meds, slow and steady wins the race, having people gain the confidence that they can do it is such a big part of it. And I know that one of the critiques I've gotten from folks is like, wait a minute, some of these pills have coatings and deadoted it. But it's a lot of it is psychological. So this works really well for a medication taper and people can do it themselves. There's no, there's no like magic. I mean, I think we've kind of covered a lot on CBTI and let's now revisit the idea of the types of things that people should be on the lookout for that need to be addressed first. Right? So we haven't talked about sleep apnea. We haven't talked about restless legs syndrome. No. We haven't talked about, I don't know, what are the other things where you just want to have some sort of sign off that says, hey, we've also confirmed that these things aren't present or what what gets your suspicion rows that says, hey, we got to look at something else because you're presumably not doing polysumnography on everybody on the way in. How do you navigate that? Yeah. So I have the wonderful luxury of being able to look in people's charts and see who referred them to me and why they are referred. They can't be self referred. Everybody needs a referral of some kind from any can be from anybody, but any any referral. A lot of my referrals come from sleep disorder centers because they've already done all that work up and they say, all right, it's none of these things. So here you go. If a patient tells me, I always ask a patient like, oh, it has your partner anybody you've slept with ever told you that you snore or that you sound like you're gasping for air in the middle of the night. So I do have a bunch of those types of screening questions and I aggressively refer to colleagues with expertise in those areas. But for treatment with me, a lot of times people have a CPAP and they say, oh, I don't really use it. I'm not sure about that. I say, well, I'm here to tell you that you should be sure about it and that you should use it every single night. It doesn't fit. Cool. I'm going to make a call because we're going to get it to fit. There's a different mask. You can probably get there's a you know, there are all these different issues that we can tackle. It just sometimes takes making a phone call and unfortunately a lot of patients don't have great follow through for their CPAP in terms of just help using it and figuring it out. So sometimes I have to just make that extra connection. The one thing I think I want to make sure that we put a bow on also is a obsession with bedtime. I can make you wake up at any time. By setting a very loud alarm, I can anchor you into your day with a wake up time and that can be consistent every single day. I cannot wave a magic wand and make you fall asleep at the same time every day. So when people think, all right, I'm going to get a handle on my sleep. I'm going to go to bed at the same time every night. No, no, no, wake up at the same time every day. That's a much more important first step. And if you're waking up at different times throughout the week, that is the first thing to fix. Yeah. What degree of social jet lag do you tolerate? Again, just for folks listening social jet lag, meaning the experience of changing your sleep time during weekends, which could be akin to jet lag if it differs by, you know, hours. In an ideal world, there would be zero. Right? In an ideal world, I wake up at seven o'clock in the morning every single day of the week for an individual who says, oh, but God, on the weekends, it's just so nice to not have to get up at seven. Do you say, look, give yourself a 30 minute grace and that would still be considered perfectly healthy? Great question. So during treatment, I tell people you need to wake up at the same time every day that ends in D.A. Why. So that means Monday, Saturday, Sunday. Yeah. Right. So that's all of the day. That's yeah. That's during treatment. I did check. Yeah. Good. There is no room for negotiation during treatment. We're in the dictatorship, right? But what I do teach people at the end of treatment is how to cope with the fact that life is going to happen when treatment ends. It happens during treatment, but there's a lot that pauses during treatment to be honest. But let's say that you've got a major event on a Friday night. You're going to go to a concert. Yes. And you're going to be out away later than usual. And what I tell people is, look, you need to pick which day of that weekend, do you want to suffer? And which day do you want to feel good? Because we can sleep in one day. You cannot sleep in two days in a row. That's going to take you off the wagon. We're not doing it. So let's say Friday night you go to a concert. And you want to feel good on Saturday. Cool. Sleep in on Saturday. Sleep in by an hour on Saturday. Okay. Fine. Go to bed on Saturday night when you get tired. Spoiler alert. You're probably going to get tired. Paths are usual bedtime because you slept in. But then Sunday you have to wake up at your wake time and Sunday you're going to suffer. But let's say you want to feel good Sunday. That means on Saturday you're going to wake up at your usual time. Saturday is going to be a struggle for us. But you'll make it to your bedtime. You'll go to bed at your bedtime. Then you'll feel better Sunday. So you just have to choose. One do I want to do this stuff for you? Okay. So basically force the suffering into the narrowest place possible. You can choose because sometimes people don't want the suffering to be the next day. They want to be the day after. So you get to choose that. But I tell people, look, don't sleep in more than one day in a row. It's going to mess you up. And generally sleeping in past your bedtime. You're not really getting quality sleep when you sleep in past your bedtime. I'm sorry, wait a minute. That's when it's been a pattern for a long time. When you sleep in past your wake time, you're probably getting some extra stage to sleep. You're not getting more deep sleep. That's for sure. That's not happening. We're recording us on a Tuesday. Sunday, two days ago, I was flying back to Austin from LA. And the flight got delayed over and over and over and over and over again for reasons that are so assomined. They're not even worth describing. And then we finally got on the taxi and then the water was leaking out of the coffee machine. So we had to go back to get another plane. I'm not making this up. But I can only tell you how ridiculous this is. The punchline of the story is we didn't get home till 2 in the morning, which is long past my bedtime. So what would your strategy have been getting home at 2 in the morning prior to Monday or workday? Where you do have some leeway. You know, I don't have to get up at 6, which would be my normal wake up time. Would you have said, just get up at 6, stick with it and make it up by going to bed a lot earlier Monday night, or would you say sleep until 8? You'll probably feel better than if you woke up at 6. How would you handle that situation? I'll say which day is more important for you to feel good on Monday or Tuesday. Let's say I said Tuesday because I'm sitting down with you. Well, then I would say probably try not to sleep in too much so that you can go to bed at your regular wake time on Monday and not have to. If you sleep in horribly on Monday morning, you're going to stay up later Monday night. And then you'll get up at your wake time today and your do will have had shorter sleep for today. It will have rolled all the way over. So I thought actually what I did. So I have not thought about this. I just slept until I think my wife tried to get me out of bed at 7 and I said, can you let me sleep till 8? So I didn't get up till 8. But last night you're right. I had a very hard time going to bed and I was like 11 o'clock and I was still up meandering around. So you just have to very carefully decide which day do you want to prioritize and that's how you make that decision? Yeah. So yeah. So you have more control than you think is what's what's beautiful about that. And I just remind people like you can never really make up for last sleep that easily because sleep architecture really matters. And when you're sleeping in, you're not getting more deep sleep, you're getting some more maybe light sleep. And at worst, that's robbing you of maybe some of the deep sleep you would have gotten the following night because you're on a circadian plan here. Right. And we didn't really talk about process S and process C. But maybe I can just briefly tell you what those two things would be. Absolutely. Okay. So process S is sleep homeyestasis and that's this sleep pressure idea that we are working on. Right. And every day we build up sleep pressure until it's bedtime and then we capitulate, we fall asleep and then we are our sleep pressure drains throughout the night while we sleep. And then in the morning we were full of, you know, then we build it up again the next day. And this is just a dead-assine building up. Yeah, I think about that. Yeah, I think about that way. And that's also why caffeine is problematic. Right. So caffeine blocks the denocene receptors. So that's the, you know, the caffeine crash, when it wears off and then all the denocene floods the receptors that we experience that, oh, sleepiness, right? So, and that's why taking a nap is so difficult because what napping does is it basically kind of deflates your balloon a little bit of your sleep pressure. It robs you of some of that sleep pressure. So by the time you get around your normal bed time, if you've taken a long nap, you've reduced how much sleep pressure you would ordinarily have at that time. That's why napping could be dangerous. And then we have process C, which is the circadian process. And that just marks you on. It doesn't really care about your sleep pressure or how much you've slept. If you ever, I'm sure you've pulled an all nighter, but when people pull all nighters, what they often will notice how many all nighters you think I've pulled in my life. Oh, hundreds. I mean, I would need scientific notation to count them. It's a pathetic. Yeah, a lot. So thing to note about that is that you're you're sleepy during the night when you're pulling the all nighter, but in the morning you kind of have a burst of energy. And that's the circadian part speaking up, right? And when we look at the the sign curve of it, right, that that's because your temperature is coming back up. Your adrenal glands still make cortisol. Everything still is functioned, right? So your circadian process doesn't really care much about the sleep pressure. So it's okay. If you lie in these two things up on a graph, they look like they talk to each other. They don't. But these two processes really determine a whole lot about your sleep. And there are things that we can do to support each of them. But CBTI really focuses on the sleep pressure aspect by regularizing people's schedules. And then it supports the circadian aspect. By some of these little things that I talked about that I don't even know if you can't really call them standard CBTI like standardizing what time people are taking their medications. For example, doing things that we know supports circadian biology, not eating right before bed. In my perfect world, all of these different zacoburs, which are timekeepers during the day, would be consistent from day to day. You lunch every day at the same time. Breakfast every day is anytime. All of these things would support your circadian biology and probably improve your sleep. Any rules about exercising? Do you have people that are showing up and you're going through your intake and you realize, you know, based on their schedule, based on work, based on kids or other obligations. The only time they're going to get their workout in is in the evening. And is that in counterproductive or part of the way? If it is an issue, how do you adjust? This is a really nuanced issue. I once had a patient who a long time ago who said, oh yeah, I take the 10 o'clock, spin class and the Castro. I was like, okay, moving on. I assumed it was 10 a.m. I was wrong and I learned that the next week and we were talking about other things. But for some people exercise at night is fine. For other people, it's super stimulating and it also really depends on what kind of exercise we're talking about. And I think that one moderating variable here is also going to be level of fitness. If you take a person who's extraordinarily cardiovascular unfit and you put them in a spin class in the evening, do you know it could take their heart rate quite a while to recover? You could probably provide me a lot more information about that than I know, right? And what we know in order to fall sleep is that your heart rate should be lowering, right? So if you're heart rate is still elevated from a whole bunch of exercise you just did, that's not going to help you. But if you're super fit and your heart rate recovers really quickly, it might affect you less. So this matters. I think there was for a long time kind of this general suggestion to not exercise close to bedtime. I still think for the most part it applies. But I think that it's important to think about what kind of exercise you're doing. If someone tells me, oh, I'm going to a yoga class. I find this really relaxing and calming. It's a form of stretching for me. Did it to fine? Okay. And this is the only time of day you can do it. You got to job you got kids, whatever, right? I'm not going to tell you to not go just because of the time of day that it is or weightlifting or whatnot. But if there's an option, if you want to go to a hit class, I'm going to say, well, can we not do it at a time of clock night? Like, I think it would really be great if we could move it earlier. We try try to do that. I do tell people, you know, I have some patience to come in and say, oh, you know, like, I wake up my body wants to wake up every day at 7 o'clock. But I really want to go to this 5A. I'm spin class every day. I'm like, okay, well, I understand exercise is very important. I'm a believer, right? Also, your circadian biology has you going to bed at 11 and getting up at 7. And even if you're getting up at 445 to get on your home, spin bike to do this thing with this group, your body doesn't want to go to bed until 11. And we're not going to be able to change that. So you're going to have to make that, you know, cost benefit analysis with, do you want to lose that much sleep to do that thing? Yeah. It's, um, I was on my mind because I was my brother and lot plays in a men's hockey league. And, you know, you only get ice time late at night. So I think they literally play Sundays at 11 p.m. or something. And he's always fried Monday because, you know, pretty hard to play a game of ice hockey and then, and then fall asleep right after that. So um, I'm not understand more, um, kind of how what the, what the spectrum of CBTI looks like. I mean, your process sounds super dialed in, but also it's quite bespoke. You know, you've brought a lot of your own expertise, um, to it. And you've created a system where you've got, we're going to do the intake. We're going to do these five sessions, which I think are group sessions. So you described them. Then we do kind of the exit. Um, you, you bring so much rigor to it. Is that, oh, is that the way it is always done or are there CBTI therapists out there who function like psychotherapists? And they say, yeah, we're just going to engage with each other for until your problem is fixed. And we'll see each other once a week or maybe once every other week. Like everything you're doing is sounds formulaic. And I say that not in a bad way. I think that's probably a big part of its efficacy. Um, is that something people should expect when they are going to a CBTI therapist? It's something people should ask for. I, before people start treatment, they fill out the Pittsburgh sleep quality index. And they fill out the insomnia severity index. And I tell them, look, we're going to fill this out when you're done with treatment. Two. And we're going to see how this worked for you. We're going to actually take measurements. What type of scores are you getting on the PSQI? I mean, ranges from zero to 21. I get all the way to 21. Yeah. And below five is considered, uh, no clinically significant sleep problems. I relax that to six or seven because if you have a prostate or if you're going through menopause and hip hop flashes, you're going to be, um, elevated on that scale by no fault of your own or your sleep's fault. And the insomnia severity index, I mean, yeah, we see, I see all the way up to what was it like 22, 23, something like that. So I see all the way up to the most severe levels in both of these scales commonly. And the average point drops are a huge, huge, in clinic. So I don't know if it was like 10 points in the insomnia severity index. Like it's, it's, it's, it's very high, very responsive to this treatment. But back to your original question is, I think I wish everybody did it this, this by the book. I think there's a lot of practitioners out there who want to do it this by the book. I have a luxury to do it this by the book because I'm able to enlist help from my team to help me process sleep diaries every week and do probably two hours of work outside of my clinic of prep for me. So they feed me my stuff. It's been built into the systems that I have. And I get to, and I, I'm prepping half an hour before, uh, clinic, I see everybody for now and half. And then I've got my, my notes, my templates and things. But I think that it is very difficult to do CBTI when you're not seeing patients weekly because I look at weekly sleep diaries and I make changes based on that. So when you find a CBTI therapist, I would say, ask if you can set up a time in the future without therapist and see them weekly for a set of whatever five to eight weeks and put it on the calendar that way with them. If they say, oh, they don't have bandwidth to do that for another month. So okay, call all weight and then get on every week. And a lot of practitioners also aren't going to necessarily score your sleep diaries for you. You can score them yourself if you want to. I mean, it's not that difficult. If you just Google online, you can find a sleep diary calculator and it's very easy to do the math yourself. There's a book that I really like called quiet your mind to get to sleep, which written by Rachel Manber and Colleen Carney and Dick Bootson wrote the forward. And it's, it's kind of a guided way through the treatment and you can use that workbook yourself to do it. And you could also use that workbook when you're working with a provider. But I think there are a lot of CBTI providers out there who can see you weekly and can do this. You'll probably just have to do your back end work with your calculations because they don't have the billable time for that. That'll be busy during the sessions trying to teach you things. I would also note that between my sessions with my patients, I make them much very annoying videos that I've made of myself giving a lecture about all of the science because I've found that if you explain the science to patients, you'll get the adherence. Here's why we're going to do this. People think, wait, I have problems sleeping now. You're going to make me not go to bed. This is not what I'm going for, right? And I have to explain to them, okay, here's why we do this because it's what ultimately get you where you want to go. But the principles of what I'm doing are not at all bespoke. I'm doing the time and better restriction stimulus control, the cognitive text techniques, the relaxation techniques and the sleep hygiene. Those are the five major components. What is bespoke is the way that I set the wake time because that's not been standardized in the literature, the way I deal with standardizing medications, the way I deal with medication. Tapers, some of the anxiety tools that I bring in like scheduled worry time, tracking degree of belief during the thought or tracking degree of belief during the day. I think that is actually pretty well incorporated into CBTI. But some of those are a little bit more tilted toward my audience, which tends to be higher in anxiety. So I build those in. But otherwise, find someone on the the website that will put in your note, shown notes, who know how to do CBTI. And I have a feeling you'll go far. The treatment works when you do it and it doesn't work when you don't do it. It's what I tell all of my patients. The book, um, quiet your mind and go to sleep. Get to sleep. You mentioned that that's something that people could do in therapy. But you also mentioned that it's something people could just do on their own. So if somebody's listening to this and they're thinking, I can't afford CBTI or be every practitioner I've called said the soon as I can get in his nine months from now, if my choice is continue to suffer or do something proactively you would recommend that as a great strategy to start. They can get that. They can try some of the apps. They're out there. I think they have less traction currently. They're still in early stages, but you know, I'm trying to help the rest of app, but the quiet your mind, you get to sleep. Book, people can do it by themselves. And I actually had a patient at the summer who was on the wait list. He got to, got his intake and he was like, look, I'm fixed. I did the book. It was awesome. But I still want to be in this group because I want to see what it's all about. I'm not giving up my spots. And it was great having them in the group, because they just cheerlead everybody else and said this works when you do it. Uh, any concerns with, um, extreme temperature changes before bed. So people use in son of people using cold plunge, taking hot showers, hot baths, and subjectively from my experience, uh, a sauna before bed really seems to help. Um, maybe it creates a great, a bigger gradient in temperature drop as I go from high body temp to low when I get into that super cold bed. But what, what, what is your experience with that and how do you manage it through the process? Well, it's first to cold plunge before bed off the table. Um, that's not a good idea because we know that when you get in the cold plunge, it's immediately cold on your skin. But then once you get out, your body is busy warming itself back up. And that's not what we want to be doing right before bed. Right? And then I'm going to go into the sauna part by saying that it's another it depends. Some, the, the, the, the, the outline that you just gave of the temperature gradient is beautiful. It makes a lot of sense. For people who are naive to sauna who get in a sauna and it increases their heart rate, increasing your heart. It might be the same problem as the exercise. Yeah, if they don't have the rapid recovery, they don't have the rapid recovery. So that's something to learn about yourself. And in fairness, I don't actually go straight from sauna to bed. It's usually sauna to 30 minutes in that flicks to bed. So yeah. So that's going to be person to person. Another thing to keep in mind is that some people who will go in the sauna at night, then drink a whole bunch of water afterwards. Yes. And then that ends up causing them to wake up more in the middle of the night. So it defeats the purpose. So that's a consideration. Also, if that's an issue for you. But I would say just don't make it too strenuous. Some people find that it's really helpful. I do best with it a few hours before bed, as opposed to right before bed. I think it's going to be a do what works situation because we don't have enough data. But we are, I just started an NIH funded trial where we are looking at people who have difficulty with falling asleep. And we are giving them whole body heating at home before bed and we're giving them cognitive behavioral therapy, for insomnia, through an app. And we're going to have them do this whole home-based treatment that's going to combine a body-based heat treatment for before bed with the CBTI treatment. And the idea here is what you explain, which is that by heating you up right before bed, if we're heating up your hands in your feet, we're helping you actually open the vascular and dump some heat. It's going to create that gradient. And we think that gradient might be important for people with the early kind of insomnia with falling asleep at the start of the night. So we're going to see if that helps people in a very using a sauna blanket type thing. Yeah. Actually, someone listening to us for the last two and a half hours might assume that the only thing you know about a CBTI, but it turns out that we've sort of only scratched the surface of your area of expertise and there are other clinical areas that you have a lot of interest in that I think our listeners would have interest in as well. So the good news is we think when I say we, I mean you, you've delivered kind of a master class on a topic that I've wanted to know much more about. You know, it's interesting. It's a bit of a black box because we send a number of our patients to CBTI therapy around the country. And I would concur with what you said, which is based on their ability to comply. The efficacy has been unparalleled. Simply stated, right? So, you know, as far as regular old doctors, I think we're pretty good at helping people with sleep, given the nature of our practice and how much attention we can pay. And therefore, I think just by ourselves, we do pretty pretty well. But when we can't, and we refer to CBTI, I'm not, I would have to think if there's been a patient who hasn't been helped. So that's, that's great. And but, but truthfully, you've filled in all the gaps for me, and I think more importantly, I think you've really helped listeners understand this and I hope given people a lot of confidence. Because what I also take away from this is there's really nobody who should be suffering from insomnia. It's, it's really not a necessary thing to suffer. There's things we might have to suffer within life, but this isn't one. I think from very, a very large percentage of the population, that's the case. I always, I almost, I'm afraid to say never because you just never know. But, but there are so many, so many people, countless suffering from this who definitely don't need to be. The drawback is we have kind of run out of time to talk about a few other things that are really interesting, which is not uncommon on this podcast, which means we're going to have to do a part two at some point to talk about eating behaviors, thermal regulation, the impact that that has on depression or other things like that. So apologies that maybe we spent more time on CBTI than we intended to, but as, as I kind of warned you before we started, we, we love to just me and or where the discussion goes. So is there anything else you want to talk about on this CBTI front? Those were that, that I have a lot of notes on, on kind of where I wanted to go, but I also realized there's probably something I've forgotten or if there's an area you want to double click on? Now, I think that it's really important for people just to remember with this one that even if you don't know what caused your insomnia, you can do this treatment. You don't have to have figured out, oh, this is where it started. This was the, the root of it all. You can start this treatment without that knowledge because this treatment is going to address what you're doing now that's actually perpetuating the problem. And don't wait, there's never going to feel like a good time to do it. Now is the best time. Your life is always going to be crazy. You're always going to have 50 more things on the schedule than you wish you did. It's always going to be too busy. You're always going to have events. Just do it now because it's so difficult to live with the live with insomnia and all the problems that it causes. I had this patient who was 87, who I finished treatment with last year and she just said, my, I wish I'd done this 40 years ago. So don't wait, just do it. You won't regret it. Are you under the impression that obviously people are waiting a long time to see you? That probably speaks to how good you are and the resources that UCSF provides maybe in combination. But if a person's listening to this and they're like, yeah, I wish I could work with Ashley, but I'm, I just want to work with somebody. Do you have a sense of how large the CBI community is and how long a person should expect to wait? Do these therapist ever work via telemedicine so that you have more opportunity to work with folks? I think that it is easier now to get than ever largely because of telemedicine. So I see patients all of our California. I'm licensed in California. So your eight people per bracket don't all physically come to San Francisco. Nobody does. Great. I'm only, I only see patients on Zoom now. Okay. We just actually a whole lot safer because patients used to drive in for example from Fresno that stay overnight in a hotel. Yeah, we just screw up the whole thing. It's no bad for everything, right? Patients would have to fly in in some cases. It's just, it was nuts. But now I can, I just see people on Zoom, which is great and there's a lot of versions of me who do that. And by going to that website, you'll be able to find a CBTI provider and chances are they do telemedicine. There are just so many benefits. And one of the great pieces of news about that is that if you live somewhere more rural now, it is instantly more accessible to you. Although we have to hope that the providers take have a, you know, if you live in Iowa, we want to make sure they have licensed in Iowa because you wouldn't be able to say somebody. Right. There'll be licensed in Iowa. Yeah. And there's also actually a growing and great thing called SciPact where I think 40 different states now are members of SciPact where if you're licensed in one state, you can be licensed in all of these states. Of course, California. It does not participate because we're California. But there are, it's getting easier and easier. And I do think that there's, there's ways you can start to do this on your own. If you get that book, if you try it app, you can actually do this. You just have to remember that as, as special as each human is, you need to try and not feel like a delicate flower with your insomnia. Just assume that you need to do this as it says you need to do it. Well, actually, this was awesome. I learned a lot and I'm pretty sure everybody listening did. So thanks for sharing and look forward to to round two at some point next year. Okay. Thanks.