is consciousness necessary for the internalization of this full gamut of pain. Yes. Now what people incorrectly thinking while they're not experiencing pain, everything's okay. What is the most responsible case for oral opioids? I am not pro-alpioid. I am not anti-alpioid. I am pro-patient. Prescription opioids were over prescribed. They were over marketed. There were bad actors doing bad but it's not that simple story. Did it have bad consequences? Yes. Did it have good consequences? Hell yes. I am sure everyone has heard of and yet if you asked most people to define it, they wouldn't be able to define it. I'm talking about none other than fibromyalgia. Fibromyalgia is frequently preceded by some event. Societal burden of chronic pain is terrifying. It's astounding. It's more than diabetes heart disease and cancer combined. What are the other areas where LDN is just captivating the world? It's one that I use more and more and more because of its safety profile and it's potential for getting me a home run. Is there a part of you that thinks this is a guy who's going to be in chronic pain in the rest of his life? Or do you look at a guy like that and say no no? We can fix this. I've never hit a point in my career with a patient where I've ever said what done? Like I got nothing. I got nothing. Hey everyone, welcome to the drive podcast. I'm your host Peter Atia. Sean, thank you so much for making the trip to Austin. Oh, it's my pleasure and it's uh, it's really good to see you again after a rather long time. Yeah, I was thinking about it. So this morning my wife said, oh, who's what's the topic of the podcast that I said? It's going to be pain and I said, she said, oh, who you have and I said, Sean, Mackie, she goes, you know, her face lit up and she doesn't know you. She's never met you, but she knows your name because she's heard me tell a story. Right? She's heard me tell a story about my own experience through this and I then realized something which is I haven't seen you since I was in medical school. Yeah. Yeah. Which is kind of weird. Yeah. Right? So I'm sure we will get to how you and I met 25 years ago, exactly 25 years ago. Wow. And how you played an unbelievable role in bringing me back from arguably the brink of what could have been the end of my life truthfully. But I want to start with kind of some broader topics around pain. Right? So there's nobody listening to us right now who doesn't know what pain is. There's nobody listening to us right now who hasn't experienced pain. Yet if you ask for a definition of pain, I think you'd get a lot of using the word to describe the thing which isn't truly a definition. Yeah. So if you were trying to explain to a Martian from another planet who doesn't experience pain, what it is, what would you say? Yeah. Yeah. There's the formal definition of pain which is defined as an unpleasant sensory and emotional experience associated with actual or potential tissue damage or described in terms of such damage. It's a mouthful. If you think of it as it's an unpleasant sensory and emotional experience and it is usually tied to something physically happening but may not be. I think sometimes what's missing in that definition, one of the things I wish they had put in but never did, is that pain is the great motivator. Pain is one of the most primitive experiences going back to if you will single cell organisms. You know it's either pain or reward. You're either being driven toward oxygen, food, sex or you're trying to get away from danger. And so pain is this pain is so wonderful because it's so terrible. It keeps us alive without pain. You know, we have these as you know, genetic issues of congenital and sensitivity to pain, we would have never lived as a species. So pain is an unpleasant sensory and emotional experience. To understand pain, whether you're a Martian or you're a human now, I think you have to look back in history. And so I'm going to evoke Renee DeCart, 17th century French philosopher, thought to be the father of modern philosophy, incredible contributions brought Cartesian geometry to us, which led to calculus. And he had this dualistic model of pain that he put forward. Now, he had to his credit. It was the first mechanistic foundation for pain because beforehand pain was thought to be something mystical or religious. It was punishment of the gods. So he put this framework together that's often illustrated this famous picture of a little boy with his foot in the fire. And there's a little string from his foot going up into his brain. And it ends up in the pineal gland, which was thought to be uniquely a human area. And the idea is the fire pulls on the little string. Opens up pores in the pineal gland, rings a bell and the boy withdraws his foot. The idea is in this dualistic model, there is a complete separation between body and mind. The body is where pain is generated. The mind is where it's perceived, but the mind is simply a passive receptacle, receiving these signals. That model put forward in the 17th century, stuck with us for hundreds and hundreds of years, and I would argue, is with us today. And it has influenced medical care. It has influenced policy. It's influenced everything in our society about the way we think about pain, and it's utterly completely wrong. So yes, he got Cartesian geometry right, but he really, you know, complete Bollocks screwed it up when it came to pain. This biomedical model, this dualistic model, was with us for hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of years, and it's only been in the last number of decades that we've appreciated the nuance of what pain really is. And instead of it being under this guise of this separate mind and body, we now appreciate it is this integrated biosycus social phenomenon, meaning that, and I think this is one of the most important things that I'd like to drive across. I'm an introduced to term, we're going to get to a term called no-sysception, which are the electrochemical injury signals that occur in the periphery that what goes on in the body and what goes on in the brain, the experience of pain, they may have nothing to do with each other, or very little linkages. And we're going to hopefully unpack that. So hundreds and hundreds of years, we've got, we're basing in on Renee DeCarts, dualistic model. We still see this in medical care. Right now, you're a surgeon, you know, for many, many, many, many, many years when I talked with the surgeons, they were firmly of the opinion that the amount of pain that a patient had after surgery was related to, you know, how much the scalpel cut and how much tissue damage was done. And I think it's only more in the last 20 or so years. I'm seeing surgeons really embracing this model that what people bring to the operating room table directly influences how much pain they have, like their early life experiences, all this stuff. And we'll talk about that. And Sean, just to interrupt for a second, thinking through the history of medicine a little bit, the latter part of the 19th century brought a couple of other tools to pain, right? So between local anesthetics, cocaine down to light a cane and general anesthetics in the form of ether, which finally allowed surgeons to cut people without having to hold them down while they screamed. It sounds like that didn't shed any new light. That was viewed in the one hand as just a blunting instrument. But it didn't change the model. Didn't change the model. Okay. Yeah, had no influence on that model, which just I think has had tragic consequences and the care of people particularly with chronic pain, particularly women with chronic pain, who have felt stigmatized and validated because absent something that's obviously wrong out in the body of the periphery, they were just labeled as being histrionic housewives or being told it's all in their head. Not just women, but also some men as well. And so it's only with that evolution of our perception, our model into a bioscicial model that that's gotten much better. Okay. So let's talk about is there a pain receptor? Yeah. So let's break it down into the foundational stuff. So we have these things called no sea sectors, complicated name. It's basically a transducer, which is another technical name. Now you're engineering background. So you all know that a transducer is simply a device that converts one form of energy into another form of energy. This this microphone is converting sound energy into electrical energy. The speakers convert electrical energy back into sound energy. We have these no seceptors that lie in our skin, our soft tissues, our deep tissues, our viscera, and they're specialized. And they convert well different forms of energy into electrochemical impulses. They take pressure. They take heat, cold. They take chemical changes in the form of pH that can occur during infection. They convert those into action potentials that are then transmitted up nerves. These are little electrical impulses transmitting up generally two different nerve fiber types. These two different from nerve fiber types. One is called a sea fiber, which is thin and slow. It's really pokey. And I don't know if I'm getting a head if you want to go more in that. But you got this pokey, slow sea fiber that transmits it about one meter a second. And the frame of reference, if it helps, is think about your thumb is about a meter from your brain. So an impulse on a sea fiber from your thumb to a brain takes about a second to two seconds to get there. The other nerve fiber type, it's called an A-delt of fiber. It's got some nice insulation around it. It transmits ten times faster. So it takes a little under a tenth of a second to get your thumb to your brain. And it gives a real world sense of the difference in sea fibers and A-delt of fibers. Think back to the last time you stepped on a tack in the carpet. You hit your thumb with a hammer. You twisted your ankle. I'll come off a curb. What happened? Think back to that experience. You get this sharp jolt to pain that goes right to your brain. Those you're eight-delt of fibers at ten meters a second. Rapidly getting up to your brain, rapidly putting into play systems to protect yourself from harm. You withdraw. You have a reflex that's occurring in your spinal cord. You're not even consciously aware of it. Your brain is setting into play, escape mechanisms. The pain, the experience, sharp, it's well localized. You know exactly where you stepped on that tack. Then about a second, two seconds later, you get this hot burning flooding sensation. Come over your thumb with your hit with a hammer and you think to yourself, oh damn, this is really gonna hurt. And it gets hot. It gets burning. Those are your sea fibers. Unmile and aided slow. Getting up to your brain. And what you also notice for the first time is you don't like this. This has an unpleasant quality to it. That you didn't get as much with that aedelt to sharp pain, but you're getting with those sea fibers. That's really clear. And Sean, the aedelt is doing two things. If I'm understanding this correctly, is it creating the spinal reflex where hit my thumb with the hammer, the signal goes into the spinal cord out through a motor neuron to pull back without me having to think about it. That's exactly it. And, you know, it is synapses and there are synapses in the ventral or anterior, the front portion of your spinal cord, which is as you know, your motor part of that spinal cord. They're making synapses and it's causing a classic withdrawal effect. But am I also feeling the pain and my perceiving the pain? And if you could do a thought experiment where you could eliminate the sea fiber in an individual. Yes, would they still feel pain? Yes. Yeah. They would still feel pain. So there's still a central component to what the a fiber is doing. Those aedelt to fibers are still still going up. Going up there. They're in the spinal cord. They cross over to the other side. They head up through. So there's an aferrant and an eferrant to the whole thing. Indeed. Okay. Indeed. We think of these pathways. The main one that we all learn in medical school and we think about it's a spinal, the laminate pathway. This goes from the spine up into your brain. We're going to get there. But yes, if you had no sea fibers, you would still feel pain. That's one of the other things. I think it's important to understand about pain is we've been trying to knock this out for untold years. And we've not been very successful with it. And part of the challenges pain is so highly conserved from an evolutionary standpoint. As I was alluding to back to single cell organisms, reward pain. You know, we evolved over the years to have this complex experience of pain, but also redundancies. You knock out one pathway related to pain. There's others there. And they find their way up into the brain just about no matter what. Just thinking about this through an evolutionary lens. Lots of debate about this in the animal kingdom, right? Like does a goldfish feel pain? Yeah. Right? Do we have a clear sense as to how far from humans and or mammals you go where you still clearly have sea fibers and a delta fibers? You could go pretty deep in there. And I get the debate. It's a great debate over wine or beer. And I understand actually taking it seriously and having that debate. A lot of different opinions on this. I actually don't engage in that debate, you know, because I think you have to first of all define the thing that you're debating. You have to very clearly define the thing. And in this case, our definition of pain is a rather human experience. Well, this is where I was actually going to go if I can just give you that window. So you know, what I was really going to ask is a question about consciousness. Yes. Is consciousness necessary for the internalization of this full gamut of pain? Yes. Yes, it is. I believe it is. I believe firmly it is. And, you know, I'm a recovering anesthesiologist. You know, I haven't done it now in, oh gosh, 20 years. But when I did it, and when you were, you know, operating on a patient, the patient is unconscious. They are not experiencing pain. You need a conscious brain for the experience of pain. Now, what people incorrectly made the leap of is thinking, well, they're not experiencing pain. So everything's okay. That would be a logical fallacy. Because all those signals are still coming from the body, still hitting the spinal cord and having their impact there, all those injury signals. Because let's face it. When you do surgery, it's really nothing more than a controlled injury. Yes. And I just want to point out, and this shows you how long I haven't been in surgery. But 20 years ago, my recollection is an anesthesiologist was giving not just one medication, but several. Yes. So they were giving something like halothane, which to my understanding, we didn't know how it worked. Then do we have any idea how it works today? Better. We still are trying to unlock the whole consciousness aspect of things, but we're inching our way there. But it wasn't enough to give that. When I say we, the anesthesiologist still had to give, typically, unarchotic. They were still typically giving something like fentanyl, even though the patient was unconscious. They were also often giving in a music, so that they wouldn't have any recollection of what was going on. But of course, we all hear the horror stories of the patient and a paralytic on how to evolve it. Exactly. So you hear these horrible stories of the patient who is paralyzed, but somehow conscious, you can miss on this state sort of thing. But just to make sure I understand, in theory, a paralytic and an inhaled anesthetic should be sufficient to eliminate the perception of pain in a patient who is being cut. Yeah. Part of the challenge was, and now here, I'm starting to step outside of my wheelhouse, even though I was a member of the anesthesia tribe for a long time, is the levels of volatile gas anesthetic that you need to necessarily obliterate reflexes and full no-susceptive impulses would be so high that it would depress one's blood pressure. Got it. And so you augment that with an opioid. I understood like fentanyl, like morphing, like whatever, and you combine those together. And that's why what the anesthesiologist do is quite magical. Got it. So in other words, you give the inhaled anesthetic just to get unconsciousness, but not to fully suppress the no-susceptic system. Instead, you bring on the opioid to do the remainder of that work. They're working synergistically on the working at different mechanisms. Got it. And during that process, the patient is not feeling pain if they're unconscious because you do need a conscious working aware brain to feel pain. But all of the electrical impulses coming in from the body that are slamming into the spinal cord and the brain are open full bore. They're impenging on all those brain systems responsible for stress responses. So does that mean we are seeing a cortisol surge? We're seeing whatever one would expect a conscious person to experience with epinephrine, nor epinephrine cortisol, all these things still surging out in response to pain. Yes. And in response to no-susception. Independent of perception of pain. Right. And you notice that I'm trying to be precise in my language because sensor unconscious there's no pain, but there's plenty of no-susception. There are, deeply more than you would ever experience. I mean, if you think about what surgery, think about what we do in surgery, my God. Take a down-down gallopal. Yes. And then take an electric pottery and start burning tissue. Right. This is, I mean, there's no level of no-susception. You could ever experience like that while being awake unless you're in a burning car. Absolutely. That's exactly it. And it's remarkable through modern medicine that we get people through all this is a reflection of the advancements in surgery, advancements in anesthesiology, advancements in post-operative care. But it is no different than a controlled injury. It's done in a nice sterile environment, but it is a massive injury that people are undergoing. Yeah. And they're just not awake. And it's nice and clean and sterile. But there is a stress response associated with that most people recover well. What one of the hot topics of research these days is why do most people recover but a certain percentage of people go on to have persistent pain after surgery? That's an area that I used to research years ago. Many others are doing some great work in that space. Turns out that a lot of the factors we're going to get to this is what people bring to your operating room table, meaning early life events, levels of emotional health, cognitive health and everything else. So to answer your question and getting back to it, no, I don't believe there is the perception of pain without a conscious brain. And there's all sorts of nuances to that. Yeah. So let's go back to something you said at the outset from an evolutionary perspective, which is pain and pleasure have been the driving factors that have been the engine of natural selection. Yes. And but clearly those things have had to work in pre-conscious models. Yeah. So that means that whatever we're defining as pain there did not include a perception of pain. Yes. So what does that mean? That's where it gets muddy. And there's some art of people than I that would probably be more articulate. But I think this is why I think on first principles, you have to define the thing that you're talking about. When we typically talk about pain, we're talking about it from a uniquely human standpoint. Does a dog experience pain? Easier to accept. Easier to accept. I'm a dog person. I believe they experience pain. You move on down the evolution or at what point? Does a goldfish experience? Does a goldfish clearly experiences no deception? They clearly have all the classic withdrawal protection survival aspects of it. But what level is there a conscious brain that is translating it? And also on top of it, remember in our human definition of pain, we bake in it's an unpleasant sensory and emotional experience. Does a goldfish experience emotions? I you leave that to the goldfish experts. I you see how muddy it gets and you go down rabbit holes pretty quickly. Which is why I tend to stay with humans. Which is just for enough. Right away. So how does everything you just said differ or overlap with neuropathic pain? Or that sort of burning pain that I'm sure some people are familiar with. Certainly I was familiar with it for several years. Is that simply a subset of this? Are there various different types of pain that don't have a clear cause effect relation to tissue damage? Yeah. So we have different ways of categorizing pain putting it into different buckets if you will. One is no susceptive pain. And you'll note that that word no susceptive sounds very similar to no susceptors and it's by design. It means that it is pain caused by activation of primary no susceptors. Whether it be in your skin or soft tissues or an or viscera. And it tends to have certain qualities. It's very easy to localize. You know exactly where it is. It has a certain intensity that no susceptive pain tends to be time limited response well to short term use of analgesic agents. A seat of menophen and said it's Cox-2 inhibitors opioids and it tends to go away. And this is the kind of pain that occurs after typically acute injuries. You then have visceral pain which as a former general surgeon you understood this. This is due to activation of those primary no susceptors in our viscera. Now the dishference and why we bring up the distinction with visceral pain that is either in our thoracic viscera or abdominal or pelvic viscera is that the receptive fields that means where those no susceptors serve and what we perceive are very diffuse and wide. When you get a stomach ache you can't put your finger exactly where it hurts. You tend to put your whole hand over and say I'm kind of hurts here it's diffuse. That's because the brain the spinal cord brain have these diffuse receptive fields which expand the area. The viscera don't typically respond to the same type of stimuli that no susceptive pain does. You'll remember when you were taking a bovee to the bowel the small intestine patients wouldn't normally move because the no susceptors don't respond to that but if you tug on it if you pull that or inflate it or inflate it. Boyle boy blood pressure goes up heart rate goes up. Interesting characteristics with visceral pain is there's something called visceral somatic convergence meaning that the afferrence the information coming in from the gut from the thorax converge with the same sensory systems from the rest of our different parts of our body. So you may remember the old school adage C345 keeps the diaphragm alive. We all we all had these in med school. Well that means that the third fourth and fifth cervical nerve roots subserve our diaphragm which help us breathe. When the general surgeons or others are operating and they get blood under the diaphragm it irritates the diaphragm and what patients will typically complain of shoulder pain because the shoulder is subserved by the fourth and fifth cervical areas. And so when they had shoulder pain the answer wasn't you know something's wrong with their shoulder it's they had some irritation of blood under there. It's why when people have a heart attack pain radiates out into the arm because you've got the upper thoracic nerve subserving the heart that overlap with the nerves that go down your arm and the nervous system gets confused and that's how it's expressed. And if you like the neuroscience is it's all pretty cool if you're experiencing it not so cool. Let's get to neuropathic pain. And by the way, on visceral pain what is the response to treatments with respect to the way we saw in no septic pain where hey great response to these NSAIDs or opioids or whatever. Yeah, typical analgesics can be helpful but identifying visceral specific antinosis septic drugs is still an area of hot research. These days it's more about trying to identify the causes of visceral pain and you know reducing substances that are winding those no seceptors up. Neropathic pain another bucket. Neropathic pain means injury to either the peripheral or the central nervous system. The nerves out in the body it's either injury or dysfunction too. Nerves out in the body or the nervous system in your spinal quarter in your brain. Classic you know you get nerve injury from a trauma from surgery, classic qualities people describe burning sharp, lancinating stab and shock like. This is the kind of pain that some people tragically get after a thlamic stroke in their brain. You know, half their bodies just like terrible burning pain and just there's nothing going on out here. It's all central. This is the kind of pain that you get and you experienced with ridiculous pain and radicular pain means in this case injury to a nerve root coming out of your spine. It's this sharp radiating pain if you've got it in your lower back that radiates down and down your leg. Typically below your knee into your foot. This can be very challenging to treat with common analgesics. We tend to draw upon different categories of medications for this. These are broadly speaking anti-neropathic pain drugs. And here in our field we steal from everybody. There's only a few FDA approved medications for pain like a handful. So what we've learned to do is to steal borrow drugs from the neurologists, their anti-convulsions, their anti-seasure medications, the gabapentin voids, the taggera-talls and their derivatives. There are other anti-seasure medications because they tend to have mechanisms of action that also work on nerve pain. Gabapentin, I think you've had perhaps some experience with, turns out it's a lousy anti-seasure drug. Terrible. But it's a pretty good, you know, anti-neropathic drug. Four grams a day. Four grams a day. I was awfully drowsy though. You know who gets credit by the way for making, I give credit to making Gapapentin the blockbuster drug. George Clooney. How? Have you ever watched ER? Oh yeah. Yeah. He was a pediatric ER doc. That's right. Kid comes into the ER with a skateboarding injury. George Clooney puts the kid on Gabapentin. Now, where that had all started was a case report from a couple of ED docs who had noted by putting people on Gabapentin that they're acute paying up better. So I felt like beforehand when I was practicing medicine around the time I saw you practicing pain medicine that I'd look like a genius if I put somebody on Gabapentin because nobody heard of it. And then after that came out, floodgates open, primary care doc started using it now everybody's tried it. And it's a very safe medication. I have it like I should also make a mention when I'm talking about these meds or any treatments. I have zero industry relations with anybody. Nobody. I don't take any industry money. You can go look me up on open payments CMS, which is a public database. Okay. Neuropathic pain. There's another one. There's a new kid on the block called no C plastic pain. I don't know if this one is made much traction yet. This is a newly introduced category of pain, which is thought to represent dysfunction in the central pain processing system. And I'm not precisely defining it, but that's the just of it. It means that in the absence of identifiable peripheral cause, there is dysfunction in the brain in the spinal cord that is causing pain perpetuating an amplifying pain, no C plastic pain. And it has been tied in with conditions like fibromyalgia, temperament, dibular disorders, some aspects of chronic low back pain. Irrval bowel syndrome interstitial societies and more. It slowly started to get traction. So when we talk about pain, both to study it, but also ideally to treat it, we put them in these categories that we just described. Yeah, it was about to say before you gave your examples, I was going to say no C plastic pain must be a huge bucket because it's everything for which we don't understand one of the three. It's sort of the all-el spucket, which is enormous, especially for chronic pain, right? You're absolutely right. And I think the verdict is still out in the end. Does no C plastic pain stick around? Or is the problem that in these conditions that we associate with no C plastic pain, medical science hasn't caught up to identify a specific peripheral driver? I'm of the opinion it's that latter. Like I think we're going to find peripheral drivers for fibromyalgia. There's some controversy right now as to whether fibromyalgia represents a small fiber neuropathy. And just because we may not be able to identify a lesion doesn't mean that there's not something there. But as in all things, the truth will weigh out and we'll see how the story plays. There's no objective way to measure pain, correct? Oh, the last 15 years of my career has been spent on doing that very thing. And where do you think we are in that regard? Much further along than I ever would have predicted. So a large chunk of my research early on, my early research was in neuroimaging a pain. It was opening up windows into the brain to see where people were thinking, processing, perceiving, magnifying pain. And I spent much of that publishing work to understand the mechanisms of that. And we haven't yet actually finished our story of pain going up to the brain and what's going on. We'll get there. Over the years, I migrated into the space of developing objective biomarkers of pain. And it's one of those things where this is why I love working with young, smart people. I bet against it. I had some young grad students and others who said that they knew they thought they could do this. I told them how you would do it. And I said it won't work. And I'm going to pay you. I'm going to give you money to go scan people and you're going to learn how it doesn't work because failure is a great lesson in life. And they came back and they showed they could do it. And it was all through developing patterns in the brain and using machine learning models to then take that pattern, that signature, and be able to predict in other people whether they were experiencing pain. I didn't think we could do that because of the hugely individual nature of pain. It's so different from person to person. But it turns out that there are core patterns in the brain that represent that experience of pain. And so now with others. And sorry, you're capturing these through what modality, if I'm a functional magnetic resonance imaging. It is a standard MRI that people go into. But we do some fancy pulse sequences. We play some physics tricks where we can see where nerves the brain's being activated. And we've taken this. We and others have taken this from being able to determine whether somebody is in a state of pain to predicting their long-term trajectory. And we're working right now. Big grant that I have is to actually create composite multimelial biomarkers to predict their future state. We're getting there. So let's just start with standard understanding. If you put me into an FMRI machine and I said do you, hey guys, I'm not feeling any pain right now. I feel great. Yeah. And then you scan me. And then someone came out and took a hammer to my thumb. Yeah. And I went through the classic response that you described earlier. What would my FMRI show? Yeah. You would see, you'd see rather dramatic increases in activity in brain regions such as the thalamus, the posterior and solar cortex, the anterior singular cortex, through the dorsal anterior singular cortex. And a number of other distributed, a number of other areas. And to be clear, this is distinct from the part of my cortex that is the humongulous for my thumb. You would also see it in S1. Yeah. You right. And indeed, what we've learned through this, that there's no one single pain region in the brain. That's another mistake that was made along the way. We all thought we were going to find a brain region. Yeah. Then we could knock it out. Right. Just go cut it out. And it turns out that didn't work. And it's not one brain region that generates the experience of pain. It is a distributed network. It's all of these regions coming together and working in harmony doing what? Generating the experience of pain and then generating a typically a response to that. And let me be very clear because there was a lot of controversy when we and others initially published our papers. We are not trying to take away the autonomy of the patient and the self-report. I don't need an FMI to see a patient and know if they are pain. I can just ask them. And I can use self-report measures to get it. And I do that's another part of the research. Where we're working to build these objective markers, the subjectifying pain, is not to see what they're in now. But can it give us useful information to predict treatment to a particular therapy? Can we use it to predict their future state? Can we use it to predict their vulnerability to an injury or surgery? Those are things that just asking a patient right now. Probably not going to get there. I don't know if you want to go back to the brain. Let's leave. I'd start talking about it. I get a little tangent. Let's go back to the story of these four branches of pain or at least the first three and then kind of how they're how they're how they're periphery and how the sensory component is impacting the perception. Roll with that. Give me a little bit more. I want to build off at that. Okay. So we go back to no septic pain. Right. So tissue injury occurs. I think where I derailed this was in classifying all the different types of pain. But you had okay. Signal comes up. Right. Two signals coming up. The C-Fiber, the Adelto Fiber. The immediate responses to get you out of pain. Right. So that makes there's an evolutionary logic to that. Right. The C-Fiber is not there to get you out of pain because the Adelto did that is the C-Fiber there to remind you not to go back and do that again. Perfect. Okay. Perfect. That is basically your longer term harm alarm. That is saying, Peter, don't go back and do that again. Back in the cave, people days. It would remind you maybe it's best to sit in the cave and let the healing occurrence that is going out and fighting the woolly mammoth through the C-Fiber, Tiber. Tiber because if you fought the C-Fiber to Tiber when you're injured, you got eaten, you didn't get to pass your genes along. By the way, do we have any evidence Sean that there was enough genetic heterogeneity around this that there were 200,000 years ago. There were members of our tribe who simply didn't feel pain and therefore did not pass on their genes because they made poor decisions. Wow. That's a great question. One, I don't know. Two, there was undoubtedly genetic variations that led to behaviors, led to actions, that did not promote survival of the species. Nature takes care of that. Those people died out. I find it amazing to just sit around and dream about how much, how little convergence must have existed, a quarter of a million years ago, in terms of things that just ended up not being good for our species. Like, people who didn't experience pain the same way or didn't have certain filters within themselves. Lots of talk about people who couldn't socialize and how where we could evolve alone. If you didn't have the right set of genes that allowed you to at least be part of some sort of social tribes. Of course, we still probably have people today that have escaped. We clearly have some anti-social folks among us, but they're the exception and not the rule. Anyway, I just wondered if today we're much more homogenous in terms of what a human's response to pain is versus what it might have been. Probably. When you go back through some of the lower animal species, what happens when one of those animals gets injured in the wild? And again, I'm not a animal pain expert, but typically they're set off. They're ostracized. Those animals just die out. What do we do? We come together as a community and we help those people. We developed empathy for pain. I did some studies on that. And that is gotten hardwired into our brains to be able to recognize when people are in distress and pain and to reach out and help them. That was clearly beneficial to our species and conserved. And I also think about certain things like childbirth prior to any anesthetic was obviously brutal. Both in terms of the pain and the mortality. And yet there's no evidence that like people were deciding, maybe we not ought to do this. In other words, the drive for procreation somehow overcame what must have been brutal. Absolutely. And I got to tell you, hats off to have the population that are women, and the women that do this, I can't imagine. I don't want even go there. There is interesting, protective aspects during childbirth that doesn't take away necessarily the pain. But I think some of the estrogen, the estrogens, the estrodyles has not only an analgesic effect, but I sometimes just swear they don't seem to remember sometimes just how painful it was. And yet we do it again. Yeah, yeah. Those are the two things that I joke about with my friends, which is I still don't really understand how our species is here for two reasons. One, women had to continually go back to the world because remember if your reproductive rate isn't in excess of two, the species collapse. So on average, every woman must be able to do this. And back then it had to be reproductive rate of north of three. Right. Every woman had to do this three times. How she did it the second two times after how bad the first was, blows my mind. The second thing is just looking at how stupid adolescent males are, I'm sure you can relate to this. I was one. Yes, as was I. And I look at my boys. I don't understand why males all didn't die from just doing stupid stupid things before the age of 20 because, you know, I mean, even for the age of like 15. So it's like those two things are a miracle to our species. But all the males didn't die and that all the females were willing to have at least three kids. I repeatedly tell Beth that I sometimes wonder why I was not a Darwin award winner. If you had been read by the person. I remember the Darwin or the family. Well, link to them in the show notes, some of my favorites. We have these signals. I'm going to take these signals from the spinal cord because where it gets really interesting is when you take those eight altasy fibers you, you're in the spinal cord and there's a lot of process going on there that will come back to. And they had up to the brain and then they synapse connect in a large number of brain regions. One of the main one is the thalamus, which acts like Grand Central Station in the brain. It's taking lots of sensory input from different sources and it's sending it out to other areas. Some of those areas that we alluded to, the anterior singular cortex. Now, the anterior singular cortex, each of these brain regions has some functions associated with it. The anterior singular cortex is associated with some of the emotional aspects of pain or the unpleasantness of it. For the neuroscientists out there, I'm grossly oversimplifying things. The anterior singular cortex is also a salience detector, meaning it is taking those incoming inputs and its determining is something wrong here, is there an error because in essence our brains are prediction machines. Everything that we're doing, we're forming an expected pattern of what we're going to sense and we're making adjustments when I reach out for my cup. I know where it isn't space, I pick it up. If instead of cold water in that it's boiling hot water and I touch it, my brain is getting different signals and it was expecting that singular cortex as a salience detector is triggering and it's putting into action for me to withdraw. Other areas of the brain include the insular cortex, which lies on this little bit of the outer edge, it can be subdivided into multiple components, the posterior, mid and anterior insula. Let's just say that the back part of it is taking direct information in from the body. But then as you get more and more towards the front of the insula, it's integrating emotional and cognitive nuance to it. It is integrating in your emotional state, in what you're thinking. Now, there's also connections with your, your amygdala, this deep, primitive region of the brain involved with both threat detection as well as reward. And it's connected into the circuit and then also has outlay's into other areas that maybe we'll get to like the hippocampus and the stress response and onward. All that to say is all these regions connected together generate that experience of pain. And at this point in time, I really haven't done more than Renee DeCard has and telling the story because first pass, the brain is still remaining a passive receptacle just taking these inputs, where it gets interesting is we developed descending control systems that come down from the brain that converge in the spinal cord. And what they serve to do is turn down the signals that are heading up. Now, in part, this was first described by Ron Melzak and Patrick Wall and I think it was 1965, the gate control theory of pain. Brilliant, guys. Never had the pleasure meeting them, but, you know, they, they just did some in a work. And this gate control theory of pain, you know, posits that yes, you have afferent information coming in to the spinal cord, but the spinal cord is acting like a gate of opening and closing, turning up turning down pain. And it is altered by other fibers and systems from your brain. So let me give you an example to this. We, let's introduce another nerve fiber type, A beta. A beta fibers are your touch fibers. When you touch or stroke your skin, those get activated. When you stand up, and you stand on one leg, they're also responsible for position sense. They have a heavy coat of insulation around them and they are wicked fast. C fibers, one meter a second, a delta fibers, ten, a beta fibers, 100 meters a second. Fast. That's why you can dance. That's why you can walk because you got those fast reacting a beta fibers. Now, let's go back to your thumb, Peter. You just hit your thumb with a hammer. Sharp jolt of pango's to your brain. Got a little delay. Oh, damn. This is really going to hurt. Hot burning flooding sensation comes over your thumb. What is the next thing that you do? Everybody does this a little differently. Before or after swearing. There you go. A lot of people swear. So it's after swearing. You swear and then shake shake. Okay. You, you're a shaker. Some people or squeeze. Squeeze. Rock some will change. Yeah. You squeeze. You shake it. Sometimes you run on underwater. What are you doing when you're squeezing it and shaking it? Sometimes trying to create a distraction. Okay. Sometimes, though, probably illogical trying to keep whatever humor is in there that's hurting. I salated like a turn at kit. Right. Right. Obviously, if I'm using cold, especially if it's one of my kids that hurt themselves will put cold on, hoping to anesthetize the area, presumably slow the circulation, take down the swelling. Yeah. That's beautiful. And you're talking about longer term things, which are all perfect. Because cold does those things and also cold, by the way, reduces action potential velocities and firing in those adult to the C fibers. But what you're doing most of all when you rub it, you're activating a beta fibers. You're actually not influencing much your A delta or C fibers. Those noces have to fibers. Not really impacting it there. That horse left the barn. That horse left the barn. And that horse is, you got horses still running out the barn. You're, you can squeeze all your wand for the time being and the horses are still head now. And hitting your spinal cord, but where things get interesting is the A beta fibers as touch fibers. They're coming into a slightly different area of your spinal cord and they're sending over projections into where those noceseptive fibers are in your spinal cord. And they have an inhibitory role. That's the take-home message. So the A beta fibers are inhibiting the signals coming in from where you're thumb with a hammer and preventing them from going to your brain. It's a beautiful example of neuromodulation. You're doing your own neuromodulation with that. And we're all hardwired to do that thing. And there's a medical device that takes advantage of that. You're familiar with the 10s unit. Yeah. 10s is T. E. N. S. Transcutaneous Electrical Neural Stimulation. Now, what 10s frequently, what it originally did, there's been modifications of it, is when you turn on the, what you do with the 10s, I know you know this is typically little black pads that you put over the area that hurts. You put an electrical stimulation through these pads. They're activating a beta fibers. And so you do them over here and it's having a neuromodulatory effect back in the and the spinal cord. Pretty cool when it works. And how do you predict patient comes to you and they're experiencing some pain? What are the, what are the clues that would tell you? I think 10s is going to be successful. In other words, I think that activating a beta fibers is going to be a tool that will reduce your perception of pain. Because that's what we're doing. Everything that you do is how do I reduce your perception of pain? I can't take, I can't necessarily take away. I mean, if they have an injury that needs to be resolved, they shouldn't be seeing you. They should be seeing the surgeon or whoever fixes the physical injury, right? In short, yes, I would just build on that that would say my job, our job as pain docs is to help reduce the pain and help them down a path of functional rehabilitation. So absent that second piece, I typically fail. You know, I'm leading them down a road of functional rehabilitation, which involves physical, psychological, social, emotional health. All things you talked about beautifully in your book. So who is the, I hate to use the word poster child, but who's the patient that when you see them, your intuition says, 10s is going to really work for this person? Somebody with, I think, more, it's no susceptible musculoskeletal pain. I tend to think of somebody for whom 10s is more likely to work. Something that has more of a classic no susceptible type of pain problem. Beyond that, it's Peter, it's a trial and error. And that's part of the frustration and pain management and in healthcare in general is the lack of a precision approach. And the very frustrating laborious trial and error process until we get something that works. So we talked about the gate control. We talked about tens. Can I put a bow on the gate control thing to make sure I understood it? Yeah. Because we, it seems like a very important idea, but I also think I might be missing the juice. Is the idea that 10 people could experience the exact same peripheral injury. If you could map the, um, the action potentials, they would look identical. You could even see identical perceptions, but they have, they could have 10 different gating channels within the spinal cord and therefore perceive pain differently. I just want to make sure I've captured with the gating theory states. You are right. You're right with that individual, um, variability in pain. We haven't talked about the brains role in the gate control, which we're going to get to, but just getting to your question. There's been some elegant studies. Guy name Kim years ago, um, did a beautiful study where he applied a 48 degree Celsius stimulus to 500 people. 48 degree Celsius. I think it's a 121 degree Fahrenheit. Somebody will look it up. And you apply it to the, um, the arm, the hand. And then ask what your pain score. And what he found was a perfect distribution of people who said, not the same people. Ain't nothing. And then they had that's like 0 1 out of 10. Someone like, that's a little playful 2 or 3. And others were like, uh, a little more modern, 4 or 5, 6. And you got all the way up to some people saying, oh my God, you're burning me. You're burning me. Take that off immediately. 10 out of 10. I do the same thing in a medical school demonstration. I can't call an experiment because I'm not getting IRB. But when I teach the neuroscience class around paying, um, I bring in an circulating ice water bath. It's um, and you want it to circulate because if you just stick your hand and leave it in still, you get a boundary. It's warmer. Yep. So it's circulating ice water bath. And I asked them to dip their arm in for 15 seconds. Pull it out, whisper and a research assistance here, what their pain score was. We tabulate that all up and at the end of the class, I show the medical students. And it looks just like that line I showed you, I mentioned to you before. You got some people in the class who say, I keep my hand in their all day. And there was others where like, oh my God, I couldn't even keep it in their all. 10 out of 10. The whole point of that is to drive home one of the key messages in our discussion. The amount of stimulus or no seception may have little to nothing to do with your experience of pain and why that is so important for healthcare professionals to understand is because for so long we have projected our own experiences onto everybody else. So here's another experiment that you won't be able to do unless you get to teach this class on multiple days. But it's to go one step further, which is to do the same thing every day and see how they compare their score from day to day. I'll tell you my experience with that. I do love to use a cold plunge. Okay. So my cold plunge is at 42 degrees with circulating water. So I don't know what that makes it feel like, but it feels like it's somewhere in the 30s. There are days when I can spend 10 minutes in there and feel like nothing is wrong. There are days when I'm not kidding. 30 seconds in my ankles hurt so bad. I want to scream. Yeah. And I think what's different? Like it can't be the circulation in my ankles is better one day to the next. There are relatively a vascular part of my body. Why is it that one day? I can spend 10 minutes and not know I'm in this water. I mean, I know that I'm cold, but it's more like my core temp. But my joints don't hurt. Yeah. And on another day, the throbbing in my joints feels like somebody's hitting them with a hammer. And I'm the same person. So in other words, I, your point is well taken, but I would say there's a second dimension to it, which is even as individuals we can experience things differently from day to day. You're absolutely right. And maybe that's a good opportunity to build on that and introduce more of the brain. So we've talked about the functions of the brain. The antirus, a single core text, being some of the more emotional as primary, somatosensory cortex, the humongulous being more sensory. The insular cortex has an introsceptive state. It's like our internal awareness of our bodily state. We talked about the amygdala. Now let's introduce also the prefrontal cortex. The prefrontal cortex, the big thinking part of our brain up here, both the ventramedial and the dorsal lateral, play a key role in our modulation, our cognitive control of pain. And these systems, the prefrontal cortex, the antirinsular cortex, the insular cortex, the single cortex, all have those descending projections back down to the spinal cord. So we talked about the gate control theory of pain in the context of rubbing your finger out here, a peripheral neuromodulation where it really comes into play is when you introduce brain systems, the brain and your emotions, your cognitions, your beliefs, your early history, and that influence on pain. That's where it gets really exciting. And that's sending descending pathways down. So I would argue in part that your experience of cold water in that moment may have been driven in large part by your mental state before you got in. And maybe we'll talk more about the intersection of sleep and pain, but huge research in that space. Your state of anxiety apprehension around this, your all sorts of cognitive emotional aspects way into your experience of pain. And yes, there's also circadian rhythm aspects related to this from hour to hour fluctuations, but those individual differences are fascinating. And that is also an area that our group and others are lab and others are going into is recognizing that one pain score averaged over a week may not give us a lot of information that we need to take into account the within subject, the within person daily variations over time and model that. Now, there seems to be kind of like, I guess I should ask this because I don't know not asserting this is the case. Is there kind of a moral judgment that comes to this at some level like don't we as a society just tend to look more favorably at people that have a very high pain tolerance? So when you go through that experiment you just did with the medical students. If everybody's being brutally honest aren't they kind of looking at the people who score 0, 1, 2, more favorably than those that score 8, 9, and 10? Absolutely. Why do you think that is? Because that's what I'm being truthful I do it. Yeah, that's what society values. That's that was my home life growing up. That's what my father expected. I can't even very working class, you know my father had 12 brothers and sisters fighting for whatever scraps of food and he brought that into my world, our world as kids and you just suck it up and deal with it. And my father had back pain later in life and he would never talk about it would never ask my opinion and when I offered my opinion he would never follow it. Had bad consequences in the end but we value that. That is just the way our society is. Is that a male thing exclusively? I think you need to get some women on the show and ask them. I think I think it crosses actually I do think there is a masculinity aspect so that and I think I could be wrong here. I think that thing is also attractive for women. I think there's a certain attractiveness because that person may be more likely to be a good provider than somebody who is weak and sensitive. But you know we're getting a little out of my wheelhouse on that but you're you're you're absolutely right. I just think it's like a compatibility thing like I know when I do that type of an exercise compared to others. I tend to just feel less pain. I also know my wife does as well. So I almost wonder if that's a compatibility like we both just have a high threshold for that when we're exercising when we're doing anything even recreationally that doesn't matter. My partner might be on say we're now engaged. Is a professor at Stanford, Beth Darnell and she's an ex-altramarathon runner. And I've always admired the fact that she can sit there in front of a computer or work on something untold hours and not move. And I'd ask her like and she's just like listen I was really good with running with a pebble in my shoe putting one foot after another and just work in my way through it. And I similarly grew up in an environment where you know you learn to be tough and you learn to power through life-set-versities. So what is the consequence of this? So we're acknowledging that it is an attractive trait. Yeah. You have a high tolerance of pain. Yeah. Society rewards it and yet by definition as a significant subset of the part of the population call it a third, call it a quarter if it's a normally distributed function. Yeah. Are going to be a standard deviation on the other side? Right. They're going to be in the they're going to be on the side where hey they're relative to people who have a high tolerance of pain. These are people who are going to really perceive pain. And if we just did this through the lens of the responsibility of the medical community, there's a pretty significant consequence to that. Right. Indeed. Now as with all things it gets a little bit more nuanced. We talked about cold for instance. It turns out that some of the sensitivities are modalities specific. So just because you have a high threshold for cold, you could completely flip it on hot or pressure or pin prick or whatever the other modality is. As somebody who runs a pain lab, I've had everything done to me imaginable. I take heat really well. My son Ian takes heat really well. I've had these thermal devices on me where I've been there and ended up with second degree burns to find my seven out of ten. I hate the cold. I hate the cold. I'm a worse one. It comes to the cold. So I live in California. That's why I lived in Arizona. I think there are genetic aspects of this. So we have to be mindful modality specific on top of it. These experimental protocols probably have little bearing on somebody's experience of chronic pain. I was going to say, is there any way to put together a set of experimental lab versions of this to basically generate predictive models of how people will respond to real world pain. And I think where you're going with chronic pain is even more relevant. So for example, why do some people have a discarnieation that leads to manageable pain whereas for others the exact same injury by every metric available to us produces a totally different set of consequences. And what do we do about that? And because this is now where we move out of that decartion model, we appreciate the role of the brain and its modular theory capacity. It's ability to turn the amplifier down. And so if you're thinking about a stereo amplifier, we talked about how some people to a certain stimulus might be a zero or one on the dial, some might be a ten. But what we didn't talk about are people's capacity to now manage their pain cope with their pain. Their level of self-efficacy around their pain athletes learn how to manage their pain and suffering. Where they run into problems is when the sports are over, they're retired. That's when I see them. So there are many factors that predict how well somebody is going to do with chronic pain. They align with a lot of the stuff in your book. So, you know, there's the level of person's self-appacacy plays a role. There is the presence or absence of whether they've got underlying depression, anger, anxiety, something called catastrophizing, terrible word, very important concept, probably one of the most predictive of amplified pain. What about other things you talked about sleep deprivation, any other physical things, exercising, not exercising, insulin resistance, not insulin resistance, type of like what are the other things that might factor in this? Yes, yes, one of the biggest predictors of diabetic neuropathic pain is glucose control. So, you know, one of the first things we do, if we have a person with diabetic neuropathy, which the diabetes, the high blood sugar, as you know much better than I, causes injury to those no susceptible fibers. And also causes injury to the abata inhibitory fibers. And so, we, that correlates with glucose control by way of example, diet plays a role because if you're eating things that are causing inflammation, we didn't talk about all of the stuff that amplifies or winds up those peripheral nociceptors. We treated those as a static thing when they're not. They're dynamic. So, in the face of inflammation, that causes something called peripheral sensitization. You've turned up the amplifier on that nociceptor in the periphery. Sleep, as alluded huge topic. How much sleep deprivation does one need for for there to be an increase in pain perception? Oh, well, let me listen. We're both out of residency long enough, but we both pulled our old nighters. How did you feel the next day? I felt awful, but there's, you know, there's interesting that you felt worst between 5 a.m. and 8 a.m. and then you get this second wind, usually about the time you're operating. Right. And then you usually feel pretty good. Okay. But overall, I mean, it's a, it's a, it's a haze. It's a haze and you're just powering your way through it. And if you think about it, you know, you kind of feel in a little achy all over. Now, it's not that because a lack of sleep, something is changed in your muscles. At least I don't, I don't think there's good evidence for that. What is changed is your set point and your brain and your spinal cord for the perception of pain. You feel like crap. Now, imagine if you're doing that day after day after day and not getting sleep, that really messes up your central nervous system and that modulation around pain. What happens is that changes your set point and it impairs that prefrontal cortex and its ability to modulate pain. When you went through a Peter, your bad episode of backpain did it impact your sleep? Yeah, for sure. You're human. That impact on sleep, ultimately further amplified your pain. On top of it, did you, how did you feel during that? I now decide the pain. How was that affecting, how was that affecting your overall life and your thoughts and your emotions? Total disaster. In what way? Well, I mean, look, there's so much going on. I mean, I'm happy to tell my story because it's a great introduction to kind of the work you've done. So for folks that haven't heard it and I've shared this before and we were talking before the podcast, I don't remember how much of this is in the book because at one point I wrote all of this out. I'm pretty sure much of it got cut out. But when I was in my third year of medical student, I was having just a great old day, wrote my bike to the gym. It was just about to go into the gym and I got off the bike and I feel a pain in my back like I've never felt before and it was enough that I decided not to work out which says something because I would have worked out through any amount of discomfort. I limped home, laid down and said, you know what, I'm just going to sleep this off and tomorrow we find tomorrow it wasn't fine. I was in so much pain I couldn't get out of bed. I had actually called my roommate. We had separate phones in the same house to come and get me up and out of bed. In the next two weeks proceeded to be a really unbearable episode where I was doing an ICU rotation and you know, this is back in the Wild West where I think the nurses and the residents were just shooting me up with Tordall every day, nonstop, getting me through the day. But the nights were brutal and what I now realized happened was I'd had a really significant herniation, a piece of that L5S1 disc broke off. I would later find out it was a five centimeter piece and it had extruded broken off. Was sitting on the S1 nerve route. Every night now I was going to pain, going to bed, feeling as though the skin on the bottom of my foot was being ripped off. So the the only way I could sleep was to put my bag my foot into a bag of ice and take some amount of benedrel that was enough to knock me out. This went on for about another week until the Dean of Students saw me limping along and said, hey Peter what's going on, I told him this was a Sunday afternoon I was studying. He took me directly to the ER. Got an MRI, showed all of this mess the next day I had surgery. As I've talked about in the past, everything went wrong in a series of surgeries and fast forward three months, three trips to the operating room, multiple disc Activis, Laminatimis, multiple levels in theory my bag should be fine. I'm anything but fine. I now have a new pain but this is unlike anything that was related to my back. This is where you come in. I now have a pain that is so significant and it sounds grotesque to explain it but this is all it was. It felt like someone was reaching in my body from my kidneys into my groin and tearing my testicles out from the inside of my body. So needless to say I was out of commission, I did not move. I laid on a floor 247 and to your point, how did I feel? Well, it wasn't just that I was in so much pain that I couldn't do anything. It was I watched my life disappear. So it went from you're not going to graduate from medical school on time to you're not going to get to do a sub-internship in surgery to you're not going to be a surgeon to you're never going to walk again. So by that point, the overlap was how were the opioids that I was being prescribed to control the pain tripping into. These are a tool to numb me to this entire experience. So at this point I've talked about this in the past. At this point I was taking over, I think I was up to maybe 320 milligrams of oxycon in a day which is kind of amazing because if you and I took that today, if you and I split that right now we would die. So that I'm you know that I'm mainlining 320 milligrams of oxycon in a day just to you know blunt the emotional pain of this. I think says what we need to know we can come back to the story of how I met you and what how my life turned around from that point and it's still a miracle for me to believe I actually graduated from medical school on time despite that all happening now into my fourth year because this was my third year bleeding into my fourth year of medical school when all this was going on. It's kind of amazing. A difficult time. Third year's tough. But anyway so we'll come back to the what happened but that's a long answer to a question which is at some point it wasn't even about the pain. The pain was unbearable but it wasn't the most unbearable part. It was the expectation of what that pain meant for the rest of my life that became much more unbearable. It's a terrible story and I have to imagine one that is probably shaped you moving forward and you know how to begin packed on your life and what you've been doing. I call it the best worst experience of my life. Yeah. More and more best today. The gratitude I have for that is I mean I wouldn't want to do it again but it has been such a positive impact on my life. Yeah well I hope we can come back to that and talk about it more in the influence of all this other stuff that was probably contributing to your experience of pain and the bad stuff going on is a consequence of it and plays a role in like everybody else's life out there and I think there's some key messages there. What would you like to segue to? Before we go into kind of like the ins and outs of what pain doctors can do. Yeah. Let's just talk about some of the bread and butter stuff on pharmacology. Yeah. Right. So how can we navigate our way through what NSAIDs do, what opioids do, what COX2 inhibitors do, what should people be aware of in using these things? Obviously opioids are a remarkably controversial topic but there's probably a nuance to it that's missing from the broader discussion. But why don't we start with a softball like NSAIDs? How do they work? Everybody's heard of Adville, you know, leave nepox and all of these things. Sure. So these medications are psychological oxygenase inhibitors they reduce prostate glandens they reduce what they do is a couple of things. They reduce some of the inflammation their anti-inflammatories. So I was alluding very briefly that there are substances that can be released out in the periphery during injury that wind up that that no seceptor and amplified. Prostiglandins histamine cytokines, interlucons, all of that. This inflammatory soup that occurs after every single surgery, every single injury that we experience. You get this inflammatory soup and it's classically meditated by swelling, redness, temperature increases. And aspirin and a cox to an hip or n-seds do a nice job in reducing that inflammation. Now this is where medical science, you're going to probably be much more informed of me informed than I am on this but medical science has been slowly shifting in its view with this. We have historically thought take these medications in an acute injury, it knocks down that inflammation and all is well and good. Well some of the data was coming out in the orthopedic literature decades ago that people who were taking NSAIDs during total joint replacements were getting non-fusion of that joint to the bone. They were getting failures and then more recently there's been some question as to whether knocking down the inflammation is a good thing after all that maybe that inflammation is part of the healing process and that by giving an NSAID aspirin were delaying the natural healing effect and causing more problems. So where's the truth? This is tough. One I don't think we have the whole story yet on the NSAIDs. Two I'm a gray guy meaning I don't live in black and white and I'm also appreciated the every medical field has their own lens that they look at in the world and I think we have to appreciate the complexity of the patient meaning if it's perhaps something minor and they can get by without the NSAID and it's not going to change significantly the level of function then maybe not taking it will improve healing. They can't get out of bed they can't go to work but an naperson helps them to do that thing so that they can engage with their family with their friends with work while then heck yes take the NSAID. You know if it's if it's helping with that level of functional improvement. Now are you talking about this through the lens of a acute pain or only through the lens of chronic pain at this point? A little both but I think through chronic pain we start to introduce all the broader the longer term negative consequences of this you know impact on blood pressure your heart impact on your kidneys with long term NSAIDs particularly if you're older. I remember I think it was in your book you took Viox. Yes. I loved Viox. I did too and I still remember the day in oh god it must have been December 2001 when the FDA came down and said no more Viox when I looked at my last bottle and I was like oh god no. I stockpiled it. I wish I did. I called up all the drug reps I knew because they couldn't like give it out and I'm like can you just hook me up and so I ran out of stockpile of that for a long time and you know this is another classic thing if you you could cut this if it's too tangential but you know every field looks at the problem through their own lens here you had a drug that was causing heart attacks. Well I mean in the world's most susceptible individuals at a relatively small absolute rate. I have a whole high-risk discussion with Eric Topel who's like mistake negative. That's right. Absolutely. Net negative. So yeah because I've always won works. It's faulted they should have been much more transparent about this. Yeah put a black box label on it and we should all still have access to it. That's used in the 50 milligrams use the 25s and you're right don't give it in susceptible people and I think it's a classic again. Yeah they've got thrown out with the bathroom. That's right. And it's a you know it's a lot we all do this we look at the world or our own particular field. It's like with the latest blood pressure guidelines the cardiologists want it really low but it screws up the kidneys and well the cardiologists say you know save the heart screw the kidney. So yeah a great drug wish it was still around. Why do you think there hasn't been any drug that's come close to that like celibrex is a joke like none of the none of the drugs that are in the extra had a valedacoxib I think it was a little bit close but I think if I remember it had a Steven's Johnson a bad rash with terrible consequence I think the drug companies get scared of the lawsuits. So NSA's new ones around taking the version you have a version on dose I mean do you say 800 milligrams of a C of ibuprofen TID three times a day 2400 milligrams would be you would tolerate that for how many days if a person needed it. Yeah you know week to two weeks on that make sure you read it's food in the stomach fluids if you're either older you've got kidney issues you've got GI issues talked to your doc first you know don't just go into this stuff blindly. Yeah it is interesting that we can buy acedimenofin and ibuprofen over the counter and yet they can cause a ton of damage if not taken correctly. I mean the ERs see people with a acedimenofin Tylenol overdoses and you know cause of well you know let's see it here. Now let's talk about acedimenofin for a while when I last tried to understand it there is no clue as to how it worked. Do we to this to this day do we understand how it works? minimally more information and I haven't in full disclosure haven't read up on it a lot I know it has some cyclo oxygenase one impact a lot of it is thought to be central. I haven't tracked it much beyond that. I saw some interesting the side studies where it seems to have some impact in the brain around emotional modulation and so there's a degree of emotional blunting on acedimenofin. Now whether it translates into a real world or if it's just an experimental manipulation I don't know but but there's a nice synergy with acedimenofin and ibuprofen because different mechanism of action different organ systems are impacted so you can take less of each when you combine them. What's your take on that? I think you just set it Peter. I mean you set it beautifully. I use those in combination to get the two for to get that synergy the one plus one is not two but three. So you can take Tylenol historically we would say up to four grams a day. More recently there's been some push to try to reduce that to two grams a day. Clearly if you've got liver dysfunction if you are drinking large amounts of alcohol less. Yeah my go to stack if I am actually in pain like if I'm having like a year ago I had I had to get a crown replaced or sorry I had to get a crown put on a tooth that had an old feeling that broke and it's the funniest thing because of how remarkable the teeth are at sensation but the crown was a little too high okay so what's the impact of that that meant every time I took a bite that one tooth was bearing the brunt of it it was the last tooth I had but right in front of my wisdom tooth and I'm talking to my dentist and he's like yeah Peter it's just too high just come in and let me shave a little bit of it off well I didn't have the time to go in so for two months I did not go in to get this thing shaved off the pain was this is how stupid I am like I couldn't spare the two hours to go to the dentist in a and he was willing to see me nights and weekends this is the most accommodating dentist in the world everybody should have that kind of dentist Tony Pachaco I can't say enough about him and and yet I couldn't make the time so for two months the pain got so bad that I eventually couldn't chew on that side at all so my point is I had to be taking something to get through the day and the stack that worked was 400 of Advil 500 of Tylenol three times a day okay so care me now let me ask you does I be a pro from work better for you than an a person I don't know but the reason I prefer it is that I can line up the dosing with the Obsita menifin because I believe an a person you only take once a day right twice a day okay you're right yeah I wanted something where I could do a T ID instead of BID sure it raised an I ask is I find huge individual variability in response is to NSAIDs okay napper sin works beautifully for me at 500 twice a day I'd be proven not so good at at what dose a 800 three times a day wow yeah with food and water are there types of pains people should be thinking of where these things work especially well and other areas where yeah that's just not going to have much efficacy I don't find it as effective in neuropathic pain it might take a little bit of the edge off no susceptible pain typically as you go to your kind of your no susceptible or your no susceptible inflammatory pain the kind of pain you'd see in a joint those are your typical go to forms of back pain particularly you know in acute situations but also somewhat in chronic and you know I get a lot of patients it's say yeah that didn't do it for me but if you inquire and ask questions you find maybe it knocked it off a little because in our game we're trying to knock off pieces and pieces and pieces of their pain experience the issues with the different responses are very individually based and I think in part it has to do with a little bit what we call pharmacokinetics or where the drug is getting and different NSAIDs confirming a different tissues at different rates so you're saying it maybe we should be empirical in other words try the neproxin try the ibuprofen figure out which one works obviously don't take them together obviously don't take them together the bit your take on messages spot on do you have a concern with people taking a seat of benefit and consuming alcohol do you tell people to refrain from alcohol when they're taking time on all I tell them no more that I I just set a conservabilis and don't do more than like a drink a day you know is that the right amount I don't know but if I tell them one drink a day they'll go do two and they're probably still okay with with that and then I am looking in their chart just to make sure they're not drinking for a or and there's liver issues what are you doing I typically when I'm taking a suit of benefit and I don't drink much anyway I'm probably going to have four drinks in a week so meaning four days a week I will have a drink for three days a week but if I am taking time on all I'm just going to refrain again I don't have any evidence to suggest that that's necessary but it's probably the same it's the precautionary principle it's finest okay I want to talk about muscle relaxants so the other thing that has been a real favorite tool of mine is backlifin now it's not a particularly potent muscle relaxant but it seems to for me and for the patience of mine and whom it works offer something that something really potent like volume doesn't bring all the baggage of of of a benzophe or even a flexural where you can kind of get the drowsiness and frankly a lot of people just I mean I used to even get nauseous on flexural okay but something about backlifin I don't even know it's in me the 20 milligrams twice a day but it actually takes the edge off and where I typically find this beneficial is if I slept wrong and I get a kink in my trap or I've been on a super long drive and my QL sort of flare a little bit and I know that if I had all the time in the world I could go and stretch my way out of that but sometimes I just don't have that time and I need to kind of get right back to doing something awful like sitting and just you know two or three days of 20 milligrams of backlifin BID with a little end said and like I'm as good as new and I save myself the you know the real flare up so what what are you experience with muscle relaxins beautiful case example by the way if you're self of how we would use those backlifin's one of the safest to use it is not habit forming like the somas and others that can be like a barberture a can act and people can get highly psychologically dependent on them the flexorals have a anti-have a try cyclic anti-depressant property about them that may sometimes be helpful for people in various mixed main states but also can cause sedation the backlifin seems to be pretty benign we don't typically use muscle relaxins for long term chronic conditions the data hasn't born out now with that said so how many days are you comfortable with a person I'm comfortable with a person being a backlifin all their life to be okay yeah it's just everything I'm doing I know I'm forgive me if I'm preaching to the choir here everything I'm doing is taken in the context of the person in front of me and the cost and benefit of the treatments I'm providing them meaning there are costs with backlifin I don't mean monetary cost it can cost sedation what doses typically or is it just individual like I think it's it's individual and obviously it is dose dependent the higher doses more sedation we can use backlifin intratheically we put in intratheical pumps for backlifin this is a beautiful life-saving minimal surgery that we do for people with spinal cord injury and tractable spasticity because to get the spasms under control with oral doses you just can't get there so we put thread a little catheter into the CSF and we deliver backlifin that way now it again is a clean relatively relatively safe medication but I'm always evaluating long term is this person getting benefit from this should we be talking about dialing it back and trying to win and if they're not getting benefit then why should they stay on the medication and I know you do the same types of things in your practice so we use it we can use it in cute subacute we'll use it in some chronic conditions as a trial what's a trial month two months okay and then we monitor data on every single person and what dose are you comfortable up to 20 milligrams three times a day yeah up to 80 milligrams I believe is kind of the upper end I don't usually get there okay you alluded to nirontan earlier yeah and you alluded to the fact that it played a role in my recovery because once we got the big stuff out of the way I still had a couple of years of peripheral nerve injury and the only way to put the fire out in my foot was nirontan and unfortunately it was initially it required four grams a day I was taking a gram four times a day or something like that and the good news is it worked the bad news is you're pretty much always tired so I was very happy over time to get that dose down and I think within 18 months I was completely off the nirontan and low and behold never experienced although interestingly maybe once every year I get like an enormous surge of fire into that same foot literally one shot of flame that lasts seconds and it's gone but if essentially never again right is nirontan still a very powerful tool in the use of niropathic pain you alluded to other drugs like antidepressants as well in addition to a rather impotent antisysium ed but yeah what else what else do you have at your disposal for this type of pain the beauty of nirontan or gabapentan and it's cousin pre-gablin which was introduced immediately after gabapentan's patent ran out so conveniently very convenient lately both have the same mechanism of action they work on the altitude delta subunit of a calcium channel in the spinal cord in the brain that's a little too jargoning and technical but think of them as agents that turn down the signals that are in the spinal cord being processed and in the brain so the really not impacting your nir about how here or in your leg um they can be very effective the beauty of these two drugs is uh there's no lethal dose like the only way they could kill the rats when they were studying it was to drown them in it yeah I used to say or hit them over the head with the tablets and I would tell a patient somewhat jokingly the only way you can be hurt taking the drugs if you're struck by a truck that's carrying it um it's a little bit more nuance than that because there are side effects yep you can fall asleep driving you can fall asleep driving I tell people don't operate having machinery don't go you know doom buggy riding don't blah blah blah there is an elderly patient in particular uh I warn them about falls because you can get a little unstable now pre-gablin can also lead to weight gain right doesn't it also increase the appetite both well it's more I see water retention I see a little peripheral edema in both and they also both enhance sleep especially pre-gablin and so there's there's a little bit of an added benefit to patients who are using these to also put the pain out at night when it can be most noticeable um there was actually a study I don't know if I'll ever be able to find it it was sent to me that actually suggested pre-gablin didn't just make you drowsy which was obvious but but also promoted appropriate sleep architecture I don't know the data on the sleep architecture and that would be something I'd be putting out to you or some of the sleep experts um I have uh I have taken it uh after surgery and uh I find that it makes me sedated I don't find the quality of the sleep I mean I can be totally wrong on that but no well we both can be a good experience that's it that's it it could just simply be my experience the truth is uh I do tend to when I dose it I'll dose lower in the day and then I'll wall up a little harder at night for the very reason so let's imagine gabapentin you know maybe in the day 300 300 600 at night and I'm trying to tie trade that so that one it helps some sleep because you brought up an incredibly important point which is during the day we've got all these modular toy things we can do around our pain distraction for instance other coping strategies at night you're just trying to get into this relaxed state and that is the worst time for somebody with chronic pain and so the gabapentin and sometimes other agents can help with that so yeah I do use it to help people sleep no lethal dose uh max is out and around 900 to 1000 milligrams that it does because it's it's taken up by an active transport system in the small intestine once you take more than about a thousand milligrams the rest of it just passed out your backside pre-gablin is different it has a what's called a linear kinetic profile simply meaning the more you take the more the gets in your system so the only times I will typically switch somebody from a gabapentin if they're getting benefit is when they've maxed out the dose they're getting benefit but there's no point in giving a moral switch to pre-gablin where I can drive more into their system and again you're using these for the most recalcitrant neuropathic pain typically I'm using these for the most recalcitrant pain in general so that's an important point while I can speak to parioperative pain acute pain subacute pain chronic pain Stanford we tend to see we're a tertiary referral center I tend to see we see people after they've seen everybody else and so by definition what's it we didn't even do this I'm sorry we didn't define chronic pain but how would you put a definition on that there's various definitions something like to put a time frame on it which I think many of us believe is a little artificial it's not three months or six months it is pain persists beyond the expected time of tissue healing so it is nuanced it's context specific meaning if you have an angle no herni repair or a prosthetectomy which you know should heal up pretty quickly and your pain should go away pretty quickly but if you've got pain after couple a few months that's starting to get to that point where I'm a little worried something's going on from a chronic pain but if you had a total knee replacement that is a massive massive surgery and you're gonna have pain for quite some time so I wouldn't call that I wouldn't call cronicity for a total knee right makes I'm okay okay okay context specific this gets into also some of the whole issue around opioid prescribing and these rigid time frames for surgery and and what have you but persistence beyond the time of expected tissue healing antidepressants in their role in pain management yeah these are cradably effective agents not necessarily for their antidepressive properties they frequently work through modulating a couple neurotransmitters serotonin and noroprenephrine and to varying extent we find that the classic what we refer to as SSRIs a serotonin the selective serotonin re-uptake inhibitors haven't been as effective for pain as the older dirty drugs of the tricyclic antidepressants we call them dirty which simply means they act at multiple receptors they hit multiple systems so these tricyclics hit the serotonin and noroprenephrine systems and then they also happen to be pretty potent sodium channel blockers why the sodium channel blocking property is important is when we talked earlier about the peripheral nerves one of the main drivers of an action potential is activity around the sodium channels you block the sodium channels the action potential stops remember how much you gave me of how much sodium that's very how much light it can back then I hope I hope it wasn't toxic uh we'll come back to the story it's pretty funny I'm looking forward to which which TCA's are the are the popular ones everybody dot you know there's I think there's about nine what are your top two or three yeah that's the thing we all get comfortable with our top two or three of any class and so minds it might go to his disciplinary nortriptoline and amitriptoline um they're broken up into different categories based on mainly side effect profiles so the a treanor triptoline what was it um amitriptoline or yep yep so elevals an older trice cyclic that has a lot of histamine release a lot of sedating properties I would never give that to an older guy with a big prostate because he couldn't pee and he'll be very angry with me I will never give that to a young woman who's looking to watch her wait because she's gonna get the munchies and she's gonna put on 10 or 20 pounds and she's gonna hate me have I had that happen yes and I still embarrassed to this day um but if I have some is it offset by GOP one agonists in the modern era oh you know this was 20 I learned my lessons I haven't I haven't run that experiment that's a great idea but I typically use the amitriptoline when I need some sedating help at night for sleep and pain because a dual the dual action I like the disciper mean because it has less of that histum that sedating property and I'll tend to go to that and the nor triptoline and you can titrate blood levels for instance like the nor triptoline and those drugs so where do they work they work in the brain they work in the brain stem one of the classic areas down deep in the brain stem is a raw structural ventral medulary region where descending pathways are coming down and some of the key neurotransmitters are serotonin nor upper nephrine so we're not necessarily using these drugs for their mood changing properties we're using them because they hit the same systems as they do in pain and that's the beauty of them and that's some of the messaging we have to give patients when we prescribe them an antidepressant is like okay and you know Mrs. Jones, Mr. Smith we're not doing this because we think we're you're depressed and you're spending yeah these are great great pain drugs but they were never FDA approved why were they not FDA approved because they're off patented there's no money to be made yeah if not not FDA approved drug approved for pain is which you may yeah thank you thank you for everything approved for something else you're absolutely right okay well this brings us to opioids which I sort of saved for last because of the well there's actually more drugs I want to talk about but in terms of like the off the shelf typical stuff that people think about so a lot of hay has been made over this there's no question that opioids have been overused and abused and there's no question that elicit use of these things has had a devastating impact on our society but it would be difficult to say that the field of medicine would be better off having never had an opioid to you know we just talked about surgery for example very challenging to deliver medical care in a hospital without opioids so the question becomes what is the most responsible case for oral opioids which by definition are meant to be used outside of a hospital not inside a hospital and as a pain specialist I would imagine few people are better equipped to navigate the nuance of that question yeah it is a very nuanced question I think a little preamble first I don't take money from either the opioid companies I don't take money from the litigation that's ongoing because there are tens and tens of billions of dollars at play right now yeah I don't take money and I am not pro-alpoid I am not anti-opiod I am pro-patient I view them as a tool I view them as a tool much like the other medications interventions mind body physical rehabilitative complementary tools that we use they have a particular place I have a personal deep appreciation for the destruction that these agents can cause I come from a family very deep in addiction very deep I've lost close family members to opioid overdose I've lost close family members to alcoholism I am personally petrified of these drugs and I have gone through surgeries that the surgeon said you can't get through this without an opioid and I'm like I'll be fine because my approach is avoidance with that said I have learned a long time ago not to project my personal experiences onto my patients that had to come through age wisdom whatever it is true prescription opioids were over prescribed they were over marketed they were you know there were bad actors doing bad things it came at a time but it's it's not that simple story I sometimes get frustrated because I feel like you can make really simple sound bites out of this complex societal issue when it was a perfect storm that hit yes you had a letter to the editor of New England Journal saying that nobody got addicted to on a like 38 patients or some nonsense Purdue and others ran with this and I get that and they did bad things you also have to put things in the context of what was going on in society there was growing awareness of pain as there should be there was growing pressures to do something about it people have brought up the pain as a fifth vital sign is an example and people have different opinions about that did it have bad consequences yes did it have good consequences hell yes run the counterfactual do you want to go back to a time when we're not asking patients after surgery they're paying do you want your mother your daughter back in that time I think the answer is clearly no but also there was other pressures and Peter you were you witnessed those first hand what was going on back in the 90s and the 2000s and after surgery there was this massive push to get people out of the hospital and put them in their home we were replacing care in a hospital with care in the home in the hospital we had time to see their trajectory we could titrate their opioids or whatever or get them tuned up dialed in and then send them home now surgery overnight your home let's give you a bucket of whatever and the reason for that was surgeons and docs don't like getting called at 3 a.m. for pain control so pressure to put people out in the in the home environment on top of it docs get lousy training for pain like what is the average seven hours I think in medical school that's by the way 40 hours of pain so great if you've got a dog not so great for a patient so you got this pressure and by the way not only on top of that but now you've got the introduction of patient satisfaction scores I have to imagine in your private practice you don't have to measure press gaining in patient satisfaction scores but in hospitals everybody does at least they did I think they're coming to their senses and so one way of addressing the satisfaction give more opioids so there's and there's more there's many many many pressures that came to bear that helped create this problem of which there were bad actors out there by the way the perfect analogy to this is the mortgage crisis in 2006 to 2008 or if you took a zero-th order view it would be really easy to blame one of the entities but it is actually a perfect storm right I have a slide yet on the opioid crisis I call it the perfect storm yeah I you're absolutely right and in the end and here I'm going to be a little bit reductive when it comes to the docs roles in this I'm going to borrow from my friend professor Keith Humphrey's there are three kinds of physicians in the out there there are the majority of the physicians doing the right thing for the right reasons there are the next group which is a much smaller group physicians doing the wrong thing for the right reasons and at the very top of that pyramid a little group you got physicians doing the wrong thing for the wrong reasons bad those people at the top take away their license put them in jail but you had a group of people here in the middle that were doing the wrong thing for the right reasons that they either didn't have the right education they thought they were helping people they did they contribute to the problem yes have they gotten educated have we yes I didn't answer your question though and let me now circle back and and I hope you'll forgive that little bit of siloquie on my perspective of that 20 years I don't use opioids is a first line age I never almost never end of life cancer but usually by then they've tried other things before they're getting to us and I will use end of life cancer panel use opioids liberally has needed now just one thing but you are not taking care of somebody in the acute phase of expected pain typically is that correct in other words that guy that just had a knee replacement he's being managed by his surgeon correct you know frequently we have an acute pain service and the hospital that sees about 30 to 50 patients a day based on what when is a patient being when is the big gun of your team's expertise being brought in for a post surgical routine case versus not when most frequently when the outcome is not simple so when the surgeon needs some help when the internal medicine doc needs help and it's beyond their comfort you know when we brought pain in for every case when I was in residency was anytime we did a thoracotomy was a non-negotiable yeah pain was consulted before the case just for people listening a thoracotomy we didn't do these often because a lot of times by the time I was in residency we did minimally invasive surgery in the chest yeah but sometimes you had to actually make a huge incision under the ribs and that's very painful we just you know you just know this from experience that that's such a painful experience you cut this huge incision in the intercostal muscles you put ribs spreaders in you crank these things open so you can do this big operation we just know those patients are going to need an epidural catheter and we want that in before surgery not after yeah and it makes all the difference in the world so pain was a part of that response I don't remember us routinely bringing pain in otherwise but things have changed I'm sure in 20 years so today for a general abdominal case or a general orthopedic case are you brought in preoperatively yeah yeah these days there's a lot of movement towards these RS protocols and enhanced recovery after surgery and so fortunately the field of medicine is moving more and more towards a team-based healthcare model where you know surgeons pain docs anesthesiologist nursing rehab or all working in a collaborative manner they're putting together protocols to what is the best optimal approach to prehab a patient before surgery move them through the intraoperative and then pariooperative period and it's gotten better and better and better can we still improve it yes but the acute pain service does get involved particularly as you alluded when we put in peripheral nerve catheters or epidural catheters and this is where we're running that local anesthetic the numbing medication that stops the nerve impulses to provide pain relief after surgery and so yes we do get deeply deeply involved in that acute surgical pain space and then also with internal medicine docs and the hot wind patients are admitted into the hospital for whatever cause so if someone's listening to us and they're going to have elective surgery at some point like I want to plant to see in their head for someone who's going to have the knee replacement the hip replacement the colonis is to take to me the api whatever yeah should they be requesting this of their surgeon should they say hey I want to be diligent about my recovery I want to minimize my use of narcotics do you mind calling in a pain consult so that we can I can just have a team of docs who are exclusively thinking about my pain because let's be honest yeah the surgeon I got enough to worry about I got to make sure you didn't leak that that anastimosis is fine that you're not getting a wound infection your pain is literally like third or fourth on the list of my concerns for you to have the best outcome you are right and if patients listening to this a person's listening and they have the ability they have the word thought to go to their doc their surgeon and ask what will pain management be like is there an opportunity to interface with an acute pain service particularly if they're taking opioids now for a chronic pain problem or even if they're not taking opioids for a chronic pain problem so we will see them in our clinic before surgery we will put together a pre-surgical plan for them which will often include a regional anesthetic approach meaning those nerve blocks or the catheters we sometimes involve intravenous ketamine to augment we will put together the whole plan communicate with the anesthesiologist make sure there's a good handoff after surgery and then we will follow them afterwards and then we will typically follow them outside the hospital and help the surgeon out with the medication management and the pain management all of this is not just solely to reduce pain but to put that person in an optimal state for rehab for functional coverage how ubiquitous is the patient controlled anesthenous analgesic device the PCA that we use everywhere okay so it's still so people are still typically getting out fentanyl through a PCA you know immediate post-operative phase fentanyl the lot more keen okay dilotted yeah yeah no the PCA is a very common tool and one it puts pain control in the hands of the patient two studies have been shown that PCA delivered medication opioids they end up taking less than if it's nursing and the goal is we want to get you off an opioid even oral before you go home is that generally the state of objective of the medical system now is whatever opioids are going to need let's try to deliver that to you in the hospital I wouldn't say necessarily because I think there are some surgeries that are going to clearly require prescribing an opioid after surgery remember the name of the game is get people out of the hospital and have the care take place in their home and people are going to need some degree of pain management and analgesics and those analgesics can be Tylenol NSAIDs if it's more than you know mild moderate pain it may involve an opioid so how are you thinking about that how are you thinking about extracting the value of the opioid and minimizing the risk of long-term dependence what we have learned is that there are vulnerabilities that people bring to an injury or surgery and being placed on opioids that set them up for more likelihood of persistent opioid use and we've characterized we and others through research studies have characterized many of these factors so some of these factors include preoperative depression and anxiety higher levels of catastrophizing I early adverse child events so a history of PTSD history of physical sexual psychological trauma all of these sets someone up to have a higher likelihood of persistent pain and persistent opioid use now you will note all these things I said most of these things I said people would normally put under the psychological umbrella the key message that I want to give people and I think I think people I think everyone's getting this is when we talk about psychology and psychological factors we're talking about neurosciences we're talking about the brain and we're talking about specific brain systems regions networks so we did a study several years ago this was led by Jennifer Haw Ian Carroll was a key player leader on this and we found that higher depression scores preoperatively predicted much more likelihood of persistent opioid use after surgery and how are you screening for this what tests are you using back then we used something called the back depression inventory which standard instrument we don't use that anymore there's more modern tools I thought what was cool about this we did a factor analysis on the original paper and you can break the back down into different components of depression and hedonia cognitive level what we found is it was a particular factor that drove almost entirely that prediction of depression self-loathing it was feeling like really bad about years so if you had someone who just suffers from not that hedonia is anything but unpleasant but if they're only experiencing anodonia but no self-loathing you would say well the risk isn't as high yeah you know conceptually your argument holds but now I'm going to come back to a lot of the things that you write about which is the danger of drawing inferences from small population studies and generalizing that to the rest of the world yeah especially without randomization because what you really would like to be able to see is you take a whole bunch of people in you get their incoming metrics of anodonia disthymia self-loathing you categorize all the arms and tentacles of depression yeah and then you randomize within each of those to with and without opioid strategies and then you I mean this is a very complicated thing to do but if you want to know the answer that's kind of the way you want to do it that's exactly it unfortunately there's not much will to do that in society these days even in the world we live in today where we understand that for a non-zero potentially non-trivial segment of the population the introduction to opioids that ultimately destroys people's lives is delivered by the medical system I was on the Institute of Medicine panel now the National Academy panel called relief and we did a report called relieving pain in America and I remember sitting around back in 2010 and we were talking about the state of pain in the country and where we needed to go identify a perfect vision and also identify what are the biggest research questions to ask an answer and I remember really vigorous discussion here and the one that I put forward and others put forward is we need to better understand what is the long-term effectiveness and safety of prescribing opioids to people with chronic pain meaning we need to figure out for whom opioids work um today we still don't have an answer to that question and there's very little will to do it because the whole message in the scientific communities basically find non-opioid choices so there's not a lot of interest in funding the studies to figure out for whom it works there is a lot of active interest still mainly through data driven studies to find out who's at risk but that type of study that you're talking about and others that are of longer term and bigger consequences I just don't know when they're going to get done who's going to fund us this is a little unrelated but I remember this when I was in residency there was one of the attendings I don't even remember who who it was but he was one of the he had this belief he used to quote this study and I don't remember it but it said that if you injected bupivicane into the injection site so as sorry the incision site so I'm going to I'm going to make a midline incision draw my little line inject bupivicane so for the listener this is a long acting sodium channel blocker wait some long period of time like ten minutes yeah then make the incision go about do your surgery and then immediately give that patient a seat of benefit and I'd be profan immediately post operatively and keep them on it around the clock you could eliminate opioid use and he was convinced that the only reason surgeons didn't want to do this was because nobody wants to inject and stand there for ten minutes with your thumb up your ass waiting for the bupivicane to seep into the tissues and maybe it's anecdotal but it really seemed to work right like it really seemed to work that you would do this in good olhoney or repair or you know at the time some small laparotomy or whatever it was anything and if you were willing to put that bupivicane in and sit there and wait and I'm trying to think we might have used epi with light a cane as well so might have been a little epi with light a cane plus bupivicane or something like that and you had to be super do diligent about keeping the acetaminophen and ibuprofen level if you ever heard of anything like that all the time yeah I mean I think he was ahead of the ahead of the curve now whether it completely eliminates any likelihood of opioids after sorry that's a little bit too strong a state just reduces the requirement right I strongly believe that he was practicing good medicine and he was doing it ahead of his time now the idea of using a combination of light a cane and markane and epi as you well know is light a cane short acting yep so it's going to work pretty darn quick and so you can get going with your surgery while you're while the markane the bupivicane's kick and end the epi is going to not only provide him a state it's going to reduce bleeding at the site but it can teach the local contain which means you have to use less bovie which means less tissue damage like and I could be sort of miss maybe he was using epi with bupivicane I don't remember but I mean you throw something there there there and I think I have an asturgence these days and my sense is that's becoming more and more common practice that there's a greater appreciation of the role of this not concept of preemptive preventative analgesie anesthesia I think it it provides some benefit there was a big hoopla on this like 20 years ago when everybody thought we were going to find a way just to basically eliminate post operative pain through these methods that's presumably didn't pan out it just didn't pan out yeah but look a 50% reduction in opioid requirement post operatively would be enormous huge absolutely and where are we getting back to your your question I think we're at an interesting crux in research and clinical care where we're gathering more and more high quality data to better understand these vulnerabilities and I think we're we're going to be moving to the point of putting these into clinical decision support tools that can inform the docs and help them to assess a risk of the patient you know so that you can have an informed conversation with someone like you are at likelihood of having persistent you know opioid use because of what you bring yeah I shared with you do patients receive that well um that's a hard discussion to have with a patient I would imagine I guess a little bit is about their expectations you know the challenges when the ones who've had multiple surgeries that have been on opioids they're expecting opioids it's all about expectations a lot of his expectations I think the more naive person those go a little smoother um if you are professional explain to them but also allow them to make their own choices you know don't say we're not going to give this to you yeah that makes sense but here you are in an increased risk and that's always the discussion I have with patients whether in the acute space or particularly in the chronic space so let's talk about a couple other things that are kind of related to this but did distinct um let's talk about um acupuncture what do you know about it well let's talk about through the lens of chronic pain yeah yeah yeah all right clinically some people get better some people don't get better I cannot yet predict who is going to respond and who's not going to respond is it a part of the work that your department does yeah we actually have Dr. John T. Kong does the acupuncture she's a pain doc she does acupuncture and my view of acupuncture is a mode as a treatment as a modalities if you can afford the wallet biopsy and it doesn't cause you problems then give it a try and you say wallet biopsy because the insurance doesn't typically cover it they do more so now on Medicare and I think that the rules that went into place recently helped with that for older patients I don't honestly know if it's translated down to the commercial carriers so Medicare is covering something commercial payers are not well it's possible okay yeah I is historically been hard to get that uh covered so not with standing I like the I see a wallet biopsied and heard that before um in your experience where do you see it being most successful what type of pain what type of clinical presentation yeah I've had some successes and back pain musculoskeletal pain migraines that is oddly um and it's highly variable I studied this I had a really large program project grant to look at cortical mechanisms of this and uh predictors and you know we're putting in a paper now which is a prediction model of real acupuncture versus placebo acupuncture sham how do you do placebo sleep acupuncture because you you don't sure but not in the appropriate spot well that's one option and it turns out that many of these acupuncture points over life peripheral nerves and so when you you know twittle the needle or apply acupuncture are you doing a peripheral nerve stimulation I don't know but this is a striding or needle that looks for all intensive purposes like an acupuncture needle it causes a little pin prick but it doesn't actually do acupuncture and it's been shown to be a good placebo what do I know about the mechanisms again uh don't fully understand I know that there is increases and peripheral adenosine that is released with acupuncture that has an analgesic effect at the primary no seceptor I know that cortically in the brain there are brain systems that are modulated with acupuncture but heck if I know exactly how it works there's and we still don't have good ways of predicting who's going to respond and who's not going to respond but that's rather common amongst all of our pain treatments but uh you know again pretty safe you know absent some risk of infection you know make sure that the facility you're getting at practices good hygienic approaches preset how do we think about acupuncture differing from dry needleing yeah I think you need to well I think you'll want to get a true acupuncture specialist on to because I know that to dry that so like in California I think technically you're it's not legal to dry needle but you can't acupuncture I don't even understand the difference you're using the term dry needleing from an interim muscular standpoint I don't know if that's where you're going maybe so I see acupuncture refers to just going after a nerves specifically well it's an acupuncture point okay it is a Chinese medicine list of acupuncture points I'm way out of my wheelhouse here folks when I think of dry needleing I tend to think of that in the context of trigger point injections which we do physicians do and that we're taking typically like a 30 or 27 gauge needle we're putting it in trimuscularly into a trigger point muscle it's where you get those naughty muscles and you can do dry needleing and what that does is it causes relaxation of the muscle acupuncture is really quite different from that next question on chronic pain what is the role of cannabis in your experience here is it is it friend or foe and again I'm sure there's a nuanced there are nuances this is another one where uh liable to get some hate mail on either side of this here's what I'll tell you one the verdict is way is still way the heck out there you look at well controlled randomized trials most there's very few of them by the way but some a neuropathic pain that show analgesic benefit over short period of time with cannabis you look at population level studies Australia did one they did not show benefit with cannabis we collect data one of my other areas of both research but also clinical care is I built a learning health system that captures high quality data on every patient that comes in and so we deeply characterize or phenotype them and we looked at people coming in on cannabis not on cannabis bottom line people coming in on cannabis and to Stanford or Warsaw and they stay Warsaw now there's all these limitations to observational studies no matter how well you conduct them I let me let me distill it down to some talking points there's a huge number of cannabinoid receptors in the human brain that are playing a role in analgesia so I'm absolutely convinced the cannabinoids are playing a role in pain relief one two the forms of cannabis that we take are dirty meaning we don't know the dose we don't know the ratios they've not been well studied and they've not been studied in different groups a major part of that is because it's a schedule one drug which means that the DEA says that basically high abuse potential and no medical benefit and it takes basically an active congress to study cannabis I don't prescribe it at Stanford I don't screen people for it at Stanford if I did and if we kicked them all out I wouldn't have anybody in the clinic I mean we're in northern California that's interesting so you can't study it I would assume you couldn't study it with federal dollars because of the federal DEA restriction I would have assumed because it's legal in California if you were using non-federal dollars you could study it in a state like California you can't study it with federal dollars night I will support okay funding of cannabis the regulatory controls you have to go through hard crazy I see because it's scheduled one the laboratory it's it's actually more demanding it's than how you would study cocaine we used to make jokes UCS after some nice cannabis research and the the word on the street was is that they would deliver the cannabis dobe's in a brink's armored truck with guys carrying M16's now I think it's got it's gotten better but it's just been challenging to study this and I I'm firmly of the opinion we need to here's where I'm going to upset people I firmly believe we should make it a schedule to a schedule three drug if for no other reason to study it with yeah less friction what you said yeah perfect okay there's a condition you've already alluded to today that I am sure everyone has heard of and yet if you asked most people to define it they wouldn't be able to define it and so we're going to start with what it is why someone might have it what is the prevalence are their false positives I'm talking about none other than fiber my algebra yeah yeah what was historically a garbage bag definition fiber my algebra is a condition of widespread bodily pain that impacts people above and below the waste the diaphragm it's associated with early morning stiffness fatigue mental fog often you know some GI problems it is was historically based on American College of Metology definitions based on tender points and a lot of an out of 18 places but that's been replaced by now criteria which involves multiple body sites affected and a symptom severity score the key thing when the audience hears well first of all it's fiber myologist syndrome and whenever the audience hears syndrome what they should translate that to the definition of a syndrome is a constellation of signs and symptoms that define a disease but we don't understand the mechanism so fiber myologist is a syndrome we do not understand its mechanisms we know that historically it tended to affect women more than men about 80% ish or so women with a newer definition we're picking up a lot more men the cognitive aspects of it are really a problem it's also associated as I alluded to with sleep disturbances they get this weird what we call alpha wave intrusion into their EEG which means alpha waves are typically in light awakefulness so when you're supposed to be in deep sleep or REM sleep your brain is in kind of a light alert state instead and so they're not getting a rustful sleep this is a syndrome that's caused untold problems particularly for women what's the prevalence according to the current definition i can't tell i I should know how many millions there peat that's an that's a i should know how many millions and i don't what i i can tell you just to give a frame of reference um chronic pain we think there's 50 to 100 million americans with chronic pain that's a huge range and it depends on the way you ask the question um if you ask it more stringently it's 50 million if you ask it more liberally it's a we know that there are about 8% of the population or a little over 20 some odd million with something called high impact chronic pain this is a big one and this is where i spend a lot of my research and policy work on these are the people that has substantial restrictions to their pain in activities a daily living these are the really challenging people of that 50 to 100 million the most common chronic pain is low back pain at about 28 percent neck pain 16 percent headaches around 16 percent societal burden of chronic pain is terrifying it's astounding we spend over half a trillion dollars a year in chronic pain and the reason why in part it's not more appreciated is because we have parceled it out we've broken it into different categories you know with heart disease we lump it into heart disease cardiovascular disease even though it's all these different sub components with pain instead we categorize it as it's either you know it's back pain it's musculoskelet pain it's migraines it's abdominal pain and it gets disdeluded out but when you put it all together you're dealing with a half a trillion dollars more than diabetes heart disease and cancer combined fiber myology again i'm escaping the prevalence many millions of people huge societal burden it is historically a disease of history on a housewives is how they were mislabeled tragically and we're having now a greater appreciation for what it is what's affected what we have learned is that there are brain systems that are clearly abnormal in the processing of pain and people with fiber myology we find that for the same pressure stimulus if you apply something like four kilograms per square centimeter healthy people will give a range of reporting in certain range people with fiber myology much much higher here's another interest i think this is an interesting pain concept to introduce and talk about it there's something called conditioned pain modulation in the animal world we called it diffuse noxious inhibitory controller denic cpm okay think back to when you were a kid your arm hurt you walk up to your buddy you say hey man you know and he's like how you doing it's like well my arms kind of hurt in a lot and what would he do hit you he would hit you of course hit it you're other arm he'd stomp on your foot and like while they held it back there this is a boy only thing like i can't imagine girls did this but yes it's of course this is what little boys do this is what little boys do i was guilty of a lot of that but then you'd say to your buddy i don't you feel better and the truth is you did because pain in another area reduces the primary pain site it's called condition pain modulation we're all wired it is a network predominantly we think in the brain stem involving some of this paracoductal gray rostral ventral medulary regions labars first described this in the mid eight mid seventies in animals so we all do it we all have it it's just endogenous tonic inhibitory tone that you can activate when you get caused pain in another site unless you have fibromyalgia if you have fibromyalgia particularly if you're a woman with fibromyalgia you you have impaired cpm you don't inhibit now is there a high overlap with depression anxiety and fibromyalgia and if so which is the peracoductality yeah the good sugar and we used to think that there was a high preponderance of anxiety and depression with fibromyalgia and i think the current data doesn't support that there's any higher prevalence than particularly any other pain conditions i think you tend to see more the anxiety depression broadly speaking and things like low back pain i think what you see more of in fibromyalgia is fatigue, unrelenting, fibro fog is what they call it and what is the lead disturbances and so what is the management for these patients is this a curable syndrome or is it a syndrome that is meant to be managed like HIV? yes and no what do i mean well one we don't know exactly the mechanisms there's different prevailing thoughts one thought again is it's a disruption in your central brain processing a pain through reasons unknown there are some that believe it is a disease a condition of small fibroenoropathy because you can do punch biopsies little little skin biopsies here and what they find in some subsets of people with fibromyalgia is those cfibres that there is alterations abnormalities of the cfibres in the skin and that is synonymous with a small fibroenoropathy that neurologist typically see now that's caused by what yeah that's the thing is this infectious what people think is going on so fibromyalgia is frequently preceded by some event something traumatic that traumatic can be physical motor vehicle accident but it could also be some emotional or sexual abuse it can be an infection we frequently you know also hear that story so there is some insult that people will frequently identify getting back to your question on managing this we frequently use the same medications that we've described before but we rely on more of those brain module at the TCA's are the big another one like the locksetine which is in the class of antidepressants but it's a little cleaner fewer side effects it's a serotonin or a peniferin re-uptaken hibiter this is actually a drug that got FDA approval for pain and so we go to this a lot uh one of the drugs that I have studied with Jared younger who's now at UAB is a drug called Lodosanal Trek Zone this is a fascinating drug and it's got like this underground reputation out there that's all over the forums and the reason for it is because it's been around for decades and off patent there is zero money for any pharmaceutical company for what is now trucks on now truck zone when given at 50 milligrams is used to block opioid receptors it's an opioid blocker and so we use this in the treatment of opioid and alcohol addiction because it blocks the rewarding experiences of alcohol or opioids and so it's used as a treatment for addiction 50 milligrams at four and a half milligrams one tenth of the dose it has been shown to activate to block toll like four receptor on the microglia now I just introduced like this really technical concept so allow me to briefly explain the microglia are these cells that hang around nerves but are not neurons and when I was in medical school few years several years before you what I was taught was these microglia were like the warm fuzzy blanket that propped up the nerves I don't know what you were taught but they provided structural support to the nerves what I learned is that was only part of the story that their key neural immune modulators and so what I mean by that is in times of stress injury fever these microglia get activated they release all sorts of inflammatory mediators chemicals that sensitize the central nerves responsible for pain pain transmission pain perception so you give low to us and I'll truck sound it blocks that it blocks that neuroinflammatory soup and in some patients Peter this drug's been magical like magical I give it in four and a half milligrams I'm silly question why not five like four point five has a lot of specificity to it was there some reason why it came in at such a dose all right here's my story Linda walk and and Mark Hutchinson did some of the early work in the animal studies on this and showed this microglia effect and they did it at a certain dose and so what we did is we did a milligram per kilogram just a stabler 70 milligram 70 kilo person 70 kilo person thank you and we get four and a half and so when people ask me that I'm like wow it does make a sound pretty smart doesn't it there's no difference between four and a half and five yeah so what are the other areas where LDN is just captivating the world complex regional pain syndrome it has had a that's a very tragic pain condition that is a neuropathic pain condition we see a fair amount of I've got a clinical trial I'm just wrapping up on that using Lodos and I'll track on funded by the RSDSA association and another is actually multiple sclerosis they've used it in and they found some reduction in reoccurrences of MS I think they did that you you CSF or UCLA but it's in these weird neurodegenerative type conditions where there's things about now I've had some wacky really wacky patient responses if I mean I can share one if he is disartheir through a key can't speak he's got weakness he has hemibody pain burning pain this is that central pain okay the lamic pain so he comes to me several years later can barely speak at all he's tried everything let's try Lodos and I'll try why does he come to a pain doc because he's got terrible pain okay so he wasn't coming to you for the speech issue no no he has a speech therapist it's not getting any better he's a couple of years out stroke of stabilized so it's this burning pain on half his body half his body I trial him on four and a half milligrams of LDN he goes away comes back a couple months later pain is improved but not only that he's now speaking and throwing a few words together for the first time in like census stroke unlike what the hell I bump up his dose you cannot hurt yourself on this drug you know I know you know this it's also I go to nine one out ten well because it's easy to take two capsules yeah he comes back a few months later he's now like talking in sentences and I'm like I said are you sure this isn't due to your speech therapist and they swear up and down absolutely not he I go on up to like 13 and I go up to 13 and a half and now he's having conversations and how does his pain massively better on this and really remarkable effect I cannot the only way I can explain these things is you know in a stroke you've got like these you've got dead tissue you've got live tissue you've got these intermediate zones and somehow with reducing maybe inflammation you end up with yeah more functional brain somehow if that model makes sense which it at least two we logically does something about that inflammatory zone in the middle between what was clearly gone and we're not and not is poisoning the part that's still okay right it's so what is the downside of this meaning what would one need to be mindful of in trying and approach like this the beauty of this drug is the only side effects that I've typically I see 20 30% of people get vivid dreams they get technical dreams not bad dreams not my not nightmares but there are dreams just take on a more colorful nature everyone's on well see somebody who they say it activates then we tell them to take it to ours before bedtime and if it activates some a little bit take it in the morning instead so here's a silly question yeah what's the scenario in which inflammation of the glia is a good thing it's a good thing after injury and after an infection because it mobilizes all of those repair cells to come and clean up the mess the problem that we think is going on in pain the switches don't turn off and go back to normal and indeed that either which you do beautiful intro is one of the things we think is playing a role in fibromyalgia they got an insult activation of this neuroimmune neuroinflammatory system and health these state it turns off and fibromyalgia never turned off I guess where I'm going with this is we think that at least a subset of people with neuro degenerative diseases and you mentioned multiple sclerosis but we think this is true in at least some cases of Alzheimer's disease that neuroinflammation is a part of the pathology so would there be any efficacy to a trial there in either an individual with MCI, mild cognitive impairment or as crazy as the sounds as there are reason to consider it prophylatically in high-risk individuals with the caveat that hey by the way if you happen to get an infection like this would be a good time to stop it and ride it out and get better I think the short answer short answer is yes a little bit of the long-eranswer is everything I know you know this everything we do is weighing risk and benefits yep this is one drug I am hard pressed to come up with significant risks we have we have decades and decades and decades of experience with this drug in people with addiction at 10x the dose at 10 and how long are they typically on that drug lifetime so meaning for for a subset of individuals just putting them on the party dose of 50 milligrams of meltrex on keeps them free of alcohol and opioids for life because it's so blunts the pleasure center yeah the the problem is is all the addition all I just know is that it's hard to keep people on this because they can just stop it and go back and use yeah you know so that's why you've no you have to want to be off you have to want to be off they have injectable versions of this it's not called divotrol is it it's it's an injectable under the skin that lasts X number of days months but yeah we've got a lot of long-term data on this and from a pilot standpoint with informed consent obviously and just you know I would view that as a kind of a novel treatment in patients that one could try out monitor do some objective measures and see what see what you get I wouldn't say that I want to be careful I wouldn't say that for a lot of the things that we do because there's real risks with a lot of the medications that we provide a lot of the procedures we do not only that there's big costs that come with them where is this I'm going to make a plug here I have no relationship too but we get our stuff out of ballmarr pharmacy in Colorado why they're compounding pharmacy they've got all the certifications oh the reason is you can't go to safeway or Costco and get this you can't get low dose milk racks on there you mean you have to it doesn't be compounded at 4.5 you're saying you're right good and so we go through this pharmacy because they've got good customer service they take patients credit cards over the phone and they will ship it to you immediately and they're very responsive you can probably find it in your local area at other compounding pharmacies it usually runs about $30 a month so it's basically a free drug insurance doesn't often cover up because it's they consider an experimental but it's basically a free drug so it's a bucket day yeah yeah so I it's one that I use more and more and more because of its safety profile and it's potential forgetting me a home run yeah my my wheels are turning on I'm very curious to see if anybody has looked at LDN and and and and and and and and and any of the neuro inflammation stuff because look we you know we see the relationship between herpes and plex virus and Alzheimer's disease between shingles especially ocular variants of it and Alzheimer's disease we know that there is some relationship between inflammation and this disease yeah and and we know that that's obviously not all paths pet cross through that right there there are lipid mediated paths metabolic paths vascular paths but I think you know you very difficult to make the case there's not an inflammatory path towards that condition and so interesting to think about it is and I need you know just as a ideally a good scientist tell you that not everybody buys and to the microglial model that I'm describing there are friends and colleagues at Michigan Dan Klaw brilliant brilliant guy who is very much in disagreement with me who believes that even at these low doses you are antagonizing the opi-dergic system and an essence kind of resetting it in these chronic pain states so that you're normalizing the endogenous tone and you know what he could that's the fun thing about science and why we try to keep our ego out of it the truth will come forward what's the evidence for the inhibition of the the toll like receptor is that in is that in in vitro yeah and here's the thing yeah it is in vitro uh Linda walkins markuch and did some really nice work in that and showed people have had some difficulty in replicating it but I have a hard time even you know we we know the mechanism I think seems pretty solid but when I look at the clinical conditions that it has been applied to and shown benefit I mentioned multiple sclerosis all sort of colitis I believe is another one and these weird neurodegenerative things I have a hard time understanding why mild antagonism of opioids is going to have an impact on those conditions and why do you think you see I mean that's an interesting one well it's another one of these weird degenerative through a central effect yeah yeah yeah I don't have a good answer for you on that I'm just spouting off some of the headline and the studies that I've read where it's been used I I will have to go and look just for kicks I get back the hotel room and just see about the whole mild cognitive impairment all time or aspects of it I totally don't treat these patients but it isn't intriguing ideas isn't it yeah isn't it so when we met 25 years ago how big was the department at Stanford in pain division oh we had about 10 to 12 people on it and this is all the physicians and nurses the trainees it was tiny tiny tiny tiny we were in this small little clinic and today probably a 13050 with a factor of 10 or more and we've grown to be I think the largest academic pain center west of the Mississippi we one of the top in an age fund it's really come a long way it's been really exciting to see the growth and and the careers and the people we've helped out so I'll I'll finish the story of how we met so I'm in this state of um total hell um in addition to all the stuff I mentioned about you know this incredible pain I couldn't even stand up literally couldn't stand and if I did I had to be punched over and so at the time I was dating an anesthesiology resident and she was the one that said hey we just need to get you in this pain clinic like we just we just got it we got to break some stuff like this is this is going nowhere you're circling the drain here kid and so I think she was at the time doing her she was in her last year of anesthesiology so I think she was doing a rotation through pain maybe that's that's that's probably how you know she she we easled me in there so I come and see you in clinic by the way at this point my mom had flown down from Toronto to take care of me it's not like I could drive or do anything right so my mom drives me into the hospital come in and see you you hear the story we'd ruled out anything that required any more surgical intervention in other words I'd undergone another MRI I'd had a flexion extension film it I wasn't surgically unstable and in fact where the original injury was didn't even seem to be what was driving the pain now so you said look the first thing we're going to do is we're going to give you an IV light a cane drip to see if we can just calm these sodium channels down did it do anything so you said well how much you weigh I said I weigh 80 kilos you said okay we're going to give you 400 milligrams of light a cane intravenously and I said Dr. Mackie I just took my boards a year ago that's a toxic dose you said don't worry we're going to do it in a cardiac monitored room you will be on an EKG and we will be able to defibrillate you if you have an arrhythmia so I said go for it so in 20 minutes I got 400 milligrams of light a cane didn't touch the pain did tried something else didn't touch the pain by now it was eight o'clock at night wow and you said okay the only thing left to do at this point is to go in there and do a series of injections at every single facet joint every single dorsal route every nerve route every dorsal route ganglia the entire length of your spine yeah I will not be able to diagnose what is wrong because I'm basically going to stop all the pain but then we will chip away at this over the coming months and I said great can we do it now you said no it's I had a clock at night we don't have an anesthesiologist I'm the only one here I said you're an anesthesiologist you said yes but I'm the one that's doing the procedure so I said well I can't we do that and then you said well we won't be able to give you any sedation and I'm about to stick 45 needles in your back and I said I don't care that's how much pain I am in right now so we go into the OR and you proceeded to put I think you know how to court his own you know be pivicane and you let me up up and down the back and two hours later I stood up for the first time in three months I was completely pain free this was remarkable so we get home it's midnight I say to my mom I'm not going to bed I'm going to go for a walk because like I hadn't walked in three months and you know the campus loop of Stanford very well I ran it yes yeah I walked it until the morning it's a four mile loop it's I just walked around and around and around till nine o'clock in the morning came back home went on to develop a planner fashion items because when you don't walk for three months and then you don't stop walking but put that aside and you told me look you're going to probably feel okay for a few days and then the pain is going to come back well it actually turned out to be two weeks that I was pain free and then the pain came back and over the next three or four months you repeated comparable procedures but with more and more precision I e narrowing in it what the problem was and it my memory serves me correctly it was mostly in the T12 L1 area though those and I think the ultimate diagnosis was look you lost so much disk space at L5S1 through the multiple surgeries if you look at my MRI today I basically don't have a disk at L5S1 that you've now developed this facet arthropathy that far up and that's where those nerve roots are going into kidneys and testes but what was amazing was these injections allowed me to go and do rehab which I took on like vengeance and basically rebuilt the strength in the musculature of my back and so within nine months I was like back to nine months of meeting you a year of the injury I was functional within two years I could get to the point where I forgot about it for days at a time like I gave an example I could actually sneeze without bracing wow that was something I couldn't do yeah for a year I couldn't lean over the sink to brush my teeth that's how weak I'd become like you you know just the just the moment arm of your torso leaning over I couldn't do that I had to fully brace and support myself to just brush my teeth so you asked like what was the lasting impact of that well one of and I've told this story many times and of course my kids know it well one of the lasting impacts was my absolute love for parking as far as possible from wherever I'm going because when I was going through this they wanted to give me a wheelchair parking thing yeah and I was like I don't want it you know it's just a psychological thing it's like I don't want it I don't care how far I have to walk and so now you know my kids know you sort of celebrate your legs by parking far yeah and in many ways that became part of this idea this thesis I had of this centenary into cathlan this idea of like what are you training for your training for life life is your sport and that can be something as mundane as being able to walk to the grocery store if you park if there's no spot near where you need to go and can you push the cart to the car and all that kind of stuff so the net net for me is it has been incredibly positive um again I'm incredibly grateful Sean to you because again had I not been at Stanford had I not had you know that girl friend who I won't name her to embarrass her although I think she's done the faculty at Stanford by the way you know I just think there's a lot of ways that story could have gone sideways so I so I feel incredibly grateful and the final part of the gratitude is that I would go on to Hopkins for my residency in an an emergency room that serviced some of the most opioid addicted people on the planet and based on my own experience with that I can say I always had a sense of humility about what they were going through I always looked at it as oh god I I feel your pain that is awful and I and I could have been there wow but by the grace so that's that's been my experience with it which is 90% good that's a great story you know I Peter I I listened to that and in one hand I remember it and another hand it's been so yeah it's one of a million stories you could have been talking about bob yeah as the doc and I'm listening to this and I'm like wow yeah that is the kind of thing I would have done you know late at night and just try to take control of the situation get it under control just put the fire out just spray the hose yeah because normally to be clear to the audience I would never approach that anacronic situation like that it lacks all specificity you can't learn anything from it but I remember you just being an extremist and we had to do something to help you so let me ask you question Sean how common or uncommon is my story because when when you meet a person like me is there a party that thinks we're never going to fix this guy like this guy is gonna this guy's life is over he's on 320 milligrams of oxy yeah he hasn't walked in months he's in so much pain the lethal dose a lie to cane did nothing is there a party you that thinks this is a this is a chronic pain patient this is a guy who's gonna be in chronic pain the rest of his life or do you look at a guy like that and say no no we can fix this what I usually look yeah I usually think of it is I'm confident we can really help them I don't know what help means curing is such a strong word and every once in a while we can cure just eliminate make it go away never comes back like my case like your case which honestly I didn't even know about until recently I was lost the follow up lost a follow up I'll tell you maybe and just a little bit like how I did find out and yeah you know why I don't use the word cure maybe like a surgeon would use the word because I don't want to set unrealistic expectations with patients but I don't give up you know I've never hit a point in my career with a patient where I've ever said we're done like I got nothing I got nothing you know it's we've got so many tools available to us now back when we first met we had a handful of procedures we had a handful of medications gabapentin new kit on the block opioids and says some tricyclips but that was about it and by the way that also that notion contributed to the opioid crisis because we didn't have tools now there's over 200 medications that have shown to have analgesic properties we have over 200 procedures that we do for pain scores of mine body therapies scores of complementary alternative therapies and physical rehabilitative approaches like the toolbox that we can drop on is so much larger often the problem is not with all the tools we have it's trying to figure out the right tool for the right patient the right context I frequently focus on getting people back to a good quality of life and giving them control of their life and their pain rather than a promise to eliminate pain in the acute setting it's free it is often it's eliminating pain because in an acute parry operative acute injury situation you just want you you need to eliminate or significantly reduce it before you can get people moving which was kind of in your case um yeah I I got to tell you I was I was tempted because I my memory of this was a little vague I almost I from moment I thought maybe I just look up my records on epic and just see what's what and like no man that's what gets you fired so I didn't I thought I I'm glad you filled in the the memory gaps and I'm just I'm literally just so happy for you can I ask you some questions about it all sure we kind of maybe build on some of the things we've been talking about so to what degree so one of the so some of the stuff that's going on when you were in this is you were in distress clearly there was a lot of catastrophizing going on if I can drop on that term you cut me off if I'm going off in tangents catastrophizing is this concept it was introduced by Albert Ellis in 1962 he was a psychologist and he also like the neologisms so he created a catastrophizing he created the word off-alizing, off-alizing didn't stick around. catastrophizing was not related to pain but got used for pain has three factors to it. Amplification of pain, rumination or repetitive thoughts about pain in its sense of helplessness or loss of control over your pain. Check check check. Yeah it's natural there's nothing like people we got a lot of controversy in the field on this term because it has such a pejority of an impact and unfortunately some of the docs have weaponized it against patient or your a catastrophizer tragic but it has real neurobiologic consequences because when people catastrophize when they have a loss of self control when they have rumination it negatively impacts these prefrontal cortical circuits that I mentioned these cognitive systems so that they can no longer downregulate your pain. They have abnormal connections to hypotherlamic regions which are key and hypotherlamic but to a terraridrenaline axis which I know you're very familiar with and so what you you know in an acute situation you get a release of cortisol for stress response you know this is a surgeon it's great it keeps us alive chronically terrible and so you get this alustaric alustatic overload and it starts to thin out that brain region you're no longer able to modulate and it's just worsening cycle that you get deeper and deeper and a lot of what we do in pain is we try to break those cycles and it's not one thing like I used the interventions the procedures to help break an immediate cycle to get you on a path we do this with other patients similarly and then it's learning skills. That's the very important point that I think shouldn't be lost on this which is the the breaking the cycle isn't the cure it sets you up to go after the cure. I mean I had to go through two hours a day of rehab for six months. Yeah well I mean I had to learn how to move again correctly. I had to strengthen the muscles that we're going to make up for doing what my spine would no longer do but you couldn't do that if you were in pain so you had to learn to do that and you had to be at least pain free enough to do it but not push yourself too hard that you would reactivate the injury like there was a there was a balancing act but then you know and you'd be able to sleep all these things and you had to be able to clear your mind and get out of that catastrophizing loop. Yeah that's exactly it and you had the resources to do this I was reflecting in your book and the early chapter you described a friend's mother I think Sophie and you told the story and maybe it was in the original version of it it got trimmed out and the edited but when I read that story who of this woman who shoulder injury and then went down this bad path. Yep can't golf can't garden can't do anything. All and it doesn't get mentioned in the book again may have been left out of the editor but all I'm thinking was pain all I'm thinking of is this poor woman probably had severe severe pain that was untreated and it put her down a spiraling path and what happens in these situations. Well one of the things we're learning more and more is social functioning so we call pain a bioscica social model but we tend to skip over the social small us but it turns out we've done a lot of data analysis on our own patients social isolation social functioning plays a key role in your overall pain and quality of life and you talk about this in your book from a social functioning standpoint. So you know my guess is she invariably withdrew she became deconditioned she may very well had a lot of fear of avoidance around moving her shoulder which set you up on a worsening spiral and what I think about and when I think of Sophie and I think about people as they get older that we need to manage your sleep we need to manage all the things you put beautifully in your book but I think we we we also need to help them better manage their pain so that they can have the function and do all the things that you you say so nicely in your book I don't know whether what your thoughts are actually I was going to say that I was somewhere recently where I was asked to define health span and health span is squishy to define because there's like a medical definition that I've repeatedly said I think is insufficient right so the medical definition of health span is the period of time in which you're free of disability and disease so not very helpful and I prefer a more functional version of health span and unfortunately it's too long for me to rattle off but one of the lines is freedom from pain yeah so that's you know just as it's important to have strength stability um a robeck efficiency peak a robeck output explosiveness I mean all of the things are going to reduce as you age but the longer you preserve them the better but one of them is freedom from pain yeah yeah you know the data on elderly people who get a hip fracture and then it's like spiral immediately downhill to death yeah the listeners of this podcast are not uh they're not strangers to those things oh I'm sorry if I'm repeating things not a real but that particular one is so I mean it's it's so tragic yeah and I just keep thinking if we could better help get their pain under control and address them from that holistic you know that standpoint and just get them back to a level of functioning would this story be written differently I'd like to believe it would I hope it I hope it will um yeah you know when you went through all of this you you get through the rehab like did you feel a greater one understanding of your pain what was causing it and the nature of your back and what you could do and it's safety yeah and it's actually been yet another benefit of this experience is the ability I now have to help my patients yeah so if you just look at the population and understand the ubiquity and frequency of lower back pain and you realize I don't remember the numbers but like let's say a third of people are going to go through some bout of lower back pain in their life um a number of my patients have also been in the loop of chronic lower back pain right and for these patients one of the most powerful messages I can deliver to them is learning that a setback is not permanent so part of the journey because remember it's not like in the nine months after this injury got better I never had another setback no within that period of time I would have days where I felt bad again now fortunately I never went back to laying on the floor for days that I never experienced that level of discomfort again but there were many days when I was very uncomfortable and it would wax and wane but over time and with every time that I would recover from one of those cycles my confidence would go up yeah the ability to know that this is going to pass and I'm going to have to make some adjustments yeah and I'm going to have to not sit and I'm going to have to change the way I lay and I'm going to have to do these exercises a little bit more that's okay this will pass and so I actually just got an email from a former patient he's not even my patient anymore and he said to me hey Peter just want to let you know man I have never forgotten what you said about this and I just had a big setback last week and this would have normally taken me down the spiral to hell and I hear your words telling me it's okay this will pass and he's like you know what it's a week later I'm already on the mend so there's no difference between the this not impacting physiology right it's impacting the psychology and the psychology is what goes on to impact the physiology so again I think of that as I tell patients this is not going to be a monotonic improvement right it's going to look more like the S&P 500 where if you step back 30 years yes it's monotonically going up look at it for a given week not at all yeah can go down it's it's quite volatile now the volatility will decrease over time but it never goes to zero yeah that's a great great story and clearly you've it's helped you be a better doc and help people you know I listen to your story and everybody's story obviously is very different and personal I have my own variant to this and you know I I don't talk about this much because I tend to be a little private with these things but I suffer from cluster headaches and all my life as far as I can remember I would get these headaches it was like a bomb going off in my brain how often every two years every two to three years it's a classic fall spring cycle and all through my teens my early adulthood I get these two weeks I'd be in just terrible the most insane pain I've ever had I've broken a lot of bones and sports nothing like trivial compared to that and nothing I would do would work I occasionally go to the emergency department they say it's a sinus headache and they give me on a histamine and they'd prescribe them and sure enough they worked because it always went away in a couple weeks right I remember in residency getting one of these and the midst of cardiac anesthesia rotation and barely able to get the patient to the recovery room and I just went into a call room and I just hung out the thing and the thing is nobody knew what they were I didn't know what they were but I was scared every time he came on I thought I had a brain tumor I was convinced and I thought this was going to kill me and you get really scared that it's never going away you eyes catastrophized after the end of like a couple weeks I'm like this is never what the hell am I going to do I can't work like this I can't live like this then I become a pain doc and I'm like well shit I got cluster headaches and how are they treated now well first of all just just to let people know what a cluster headache is it typically manifests as headaches that last anywhere from upwards of a couple hours they can occur eight times a day to you know every other day they tend to have these weird characteristics with their underclass of trigeminal autonomic cephalages fancy term for simply meaning that you get eye tearing redness in your eye I get what I refer to as a sticky eye sensation like my eyelid gets heavy in a droop's I get my nasal congestion but one of the major characteristics is extreme agitation extreme agitation meaning you know Beth and you know would say well you didn't do better to lie down like now it doesn't matter and I just pace you pace and you pace until it goes away um so what I did you know in the period of all this fear I learned every damn thing I can learn about cluster headaches every single thing what how many people get these or presented the population it's under rare condition it's one of those rare ones that affects men more than women but women do get them you think I would know the prevalence of this too but less prevalent in migraines yeah okay yeah less prevalent in migraines common treatments for these um there's there's a board of and there is preventative and what the preventative are like calcium channel blockers that you you can take a board of is you know the typical migraine medications the trip tans so I have stockpile so of you know trip dans a high flow oxygen so you know I knew I was getting one it's before these happen I get this pro-dromal phase with weird appetite sleep gets disrupted I know and a sticky eye sensation I was giving a talk at the nap of paying conference and I knew they were coming on so I threw a tank of oxygen in the back of the car and metal rescue it now if I can get it in time if you can abort these things in time you can save yourself several hours of absolute agony and you can catch it in like a half an hour so the long and the short of it is it was through that journey of learning that I became informed and I developed self-appacacy so when I got these attacks when I knew what they were I no longer had a huge amount of fear that would further amplify things I was fearful it was a brain tumor I was a fearful like I was having a subarachnoid bleed right I knew what it was it didn't change the sensory dimensions of the pain it didn't change the agitation that I knew even if I didn't catch it it was going away in a couple hours and that gives you control so when these happen I know I'm prepared I know it's going to be a shitty two weeks and I buckle up but I know how to deal with it I know I'll come out of it and it makes a huge difference in quality of life and that's you know what I message is I would try to give patience is it's about learning as much as you can about your condition being informed and putting that to use and ideally giving yourself a degree of self-appacacy over your health and when I listen to your story it had parallels there in that that journey that you have and you you've clearly used it it may be tried to say make you a better person but yeah and yeah I have a lot of empathy for uh people is a consequence well Sean this has been this been a great discussion um I think we're we're we're certainly better off today as a species having a medical discipline that is devoted to pain we have the luxury of caring about this now right you know there was a time when just not dying was the highest priority and now it's it's we need more than that it's not just that we don't want to die it's that we want to be able to live pain free not to be confused with discomfort free I'm still a big proponent of discomfort as I'm sure are you we should be out there you know working out hard experiencing discomfort but but chronic pain can be inflammatory to the psyche it's not something I would wish on anybody so it's great to know that that since my time is a patient there that department has increased log fold and I hope that's true and trust that it's true around the country so thanks for the work you're doing thank you Peter I uh you know it's been 20 some of your since we've seen each other and if I can just say that I remember when I I saw you you were kind of an intense guy and I've melod have you? I've melod since then I remember thinking to myself this guy is either gonna crash and burn or he's gonna do something really awesome and then decades go by and I get this phone call from Ian and he's like you know dad Peter just gave you a shout out on one of his podcasts about how you helped him and he's like how do you feel about that and I said I'm just so happy for him it's like I had no idea that he's done so well for himself and and and you have you know you are yes you're seeing one patient at time and providing great care but I think this format is reaching so many people and this is what we need more of we need more Peter at he is we need you like delivering these messages that are empowering people because you're you're making a big impact out there and I just appreciate you inviting me on to spend some time with you so thank you. Thanks Sean.