100% of people are heavily impacted by what we just discussed. They misinterpreted the data so drastically and scared everybody with so much fear that you actually have an entire generation that has forgotten how to prescribe hormone therapy. When you took estrogen and progesterine or estrogen alone, you had a decrease risk of colon cancer, you had decreased risk of fractures like significant decrease of fractures. Decrease of diabetes, we saw a decrease in overall mortality, a decrease in cancer specific mortality. The reality is this is half the population. This is not niche medicine. If a penis tripled up at age 52, we'd probably have a vaccine sponsored by Pfizer. Right? They created biagra. They would create this vaccine. No one even tells me. I love that analogy. There are two hormones we've talked a lot about, but there's a third that we haven't doesn't get enough attention in women. And of course that's testosterone. I don't know who decided that men get testosterone in women have estrogen. Like we have both of the hormones. We love to gaslight women and say, well if you have your period, your hormones are normal. And the reality is, that's not true. I know there are people in the Medicare system who are going to be interested to understand that. If everybody in Medicare, eligibility used vaginal estrogen, we would save Medicare between 6 and 22 billion dollars a year. They're going to their doctor for cultures. They're in the ICU with sepsis. This is a huge economic and mortality problem that we're dealing with and no one cares. We just got done saying that that study didn't show that. So why is that box labeling still there? We're killing women by trying to protect them. Hey everyone, welcome to the drive podcast. I'm your host Peter Atia. Rachel, thank you so much for making the trip out to Austin. I have been looking forward to this episode for a while and I'm willing to go on record predicting that this will be a very popular episode given the nature of our discussion. I am so thrilled to be here. I have been nervous for quite a long time but I'm super happy to be here. I almost don't know where to begin. But it might not be a bad idea to just give people a little bit of a sense of your background. You are a urologist by training and maybe help us understand how you're training in urology led you to what you're doing today because most urologists wouldn't be doing exactly what you're doing. When we think of urology, we think about, you know, prostates. We think about kidneys. We think about bladders. Yes, but what you forget Peter is that urologists are ultimately the quality of life doctors. We deal with urination problems and we deal with sexual medicine. No one cares about erections and orgasms in libido. Quite the way that urologist cares about and when we're board certified, actually it's not a gender thing. We're not penis doctors only. We wear board certified to take care of everybody's genital and urinary tracks. And so what the unfortunately society has led us to know a lot more about the men's sexual health and men's genitals than female genitals. And so my background, I trained in urology really because I was interested in women's health but I also was interested in sexual health sexual medicine. And I didn't like delivering babies. I didn't like OBGYN. It just didn't fit well with my personality. And what I love about urology is that we can see everybody and we can really dive deep on quality of life issues. And the magic of urology is also that you really can you get to know your patient. It's not like, you know, when you did surgery, you take out someone's appendix and you never see them again. Maybe you do one post-op visit. Urologists have deep relationships where both surgeons, but we actually care about the medical side of these quality of life issues. And so as I was going through medical school, I really realized that talking about sexual health quality of life issues, that was fun for me. I was good at that. And in medicine, you kind of gravitate towards what is easy, not what is hard. And so it's just been a joy. And really, I've been working to further the field of urology to make us better at taking care of women. And so really, I do a lot of educating and teaching to my colleagues about how we really need to care about the whole, you know, like everybody. I really mostly want to talk about it from a female standpoint today, truthfully because I think this is where there's just a death of great information out there and where I think there's an abundance of garbage information out there. So while I appreciate that your breadth of knowledge will cover both sexes, you'll probably notice kind of a bias in what I want to talk about vis-a-vis women specifically. So let's start with perhaps the biggest and most obvious difference between men and women. And that is from an endocrine perspective, women go through this period called menopause, which is a rather sudden and a abrupt loss of their sex hormones. And that's, you know, to be contrasted with the way men's sex hormones kind of decline over time a little more slowly. So again, the listeners of this podcast are highly area-dite and they won't need like the lengthy dissertation, but just give us a quick overview of what the heck is happening in menopause. Why is it happening? And then we can get into maybe what some of the symptoms are before women might really notice them. Yeah, well, you know, I certainly did my research and I am not a car person, but I know you are a Formula One guy. And I got a very interesting email last week that said, Dr. Rubin, my wife is seeing your practice and she, her libido is now like an F1, Formula One race car and I'm like a 1988 Honda Civic. What can you do for me? And I think that really my analogy I really like to look at is sort of the gas tank analogy. This idea that men, as they age, you know, sometimes we see a decrease in their gas tank. They're feeling low, they're feeling down, they've got erectile dysfunction low libido. Whereas women, age at age 52, their gas tank is empty, right? This is a castration event. We don't have many castration events in men's health. And so menopause is sort of a, your gas tank is officially empty. There's not much in the tank. Perry menopause is this time where it's very erratic. The gas tank is over full and then it goes to empty really quickly without warning. And so I like that analogy because I think it's helpful when we're talking to women about the reason you don't feel like yourself is because there's just no gas in the tank. So we see the ovaries are no longer producing estrogen, progesterone, testosterone, the way that they were during your reproductive years. I love that analogy. I've never heard it before, but it absolutely replicates what of course we see clinically, which is in Perry menopause. Why do we sometimes when we're measuring a woman's labs say every three months see periods where estradile is through the roof, FSH and LH are low and three months later it's completely flipped and of course with it go symptom. So can you explain why there's this, you know, if we have kind of hormones running like this during premenopause, they're like this during menopause, but it's this transition is nothing like linear. It looks kind of like the stock market actually, it goes up, it goes down and even it's not even just checking every three months. If you check it every 10 days, you're going to see a fluctuation. I'm obsessed with looking at the menstrual cycle. I'm obsessed with talking about numbers here because it is so fascinating and we are not taught to think this way and so I have a lot of curiosity about it. So for example, when you're in your, let's call it healthy reproductive years and by the way, nobody is the book, right? We think of that you talk a lot about continuous glucose monitors. I would love continuous hormone monitors and unfortunately I know there'll be a lot of unintended consequences in bad things that would come of you, but I'd be very interested because the book says, our low. So if you have your period that you're bleeding, that's day one, your low is not zero, right? In fact, it's probably somewhere 40, 50 is probably what the low should be of estrogen. That's true, that's true. And that's, you know, a peakograms per milliliter as opposed to testosterone, which we do nanograms per desoliter as you know. So, so, probably let's say 50 is your low. Then you go at ovulate and that's in your mid cycle and usually it's about 150. Let's say ish, maybe it's 200, 300, whatever it is. Pregnancy or level is 3000 or higher, right? It's very high. And so if you're in your normal reproductive cycle, you go from 50 to 150. So let's use the gas tank analogy. You're at a quarter, 10 get 50 and you go to three quarters tank at 150, then down to a quarter tank, you can drive wherever you want to go, you know, during that time. What happens in Perry, Mana Pause? And it is this chaos and erratic sort of fluctuation where your body is just wanting more hormone than it has your brain, your FSH is telling your eggs to do more than they can, sometimes they over-shoot. So now you are overflowing gas. We've seen Estr, I had a lady come in, you know, her day one, her estrogen was 200 and her day 10, her estrogen was 900, right? So this is his wild fluctuation in Perry, Mana Pause. And what I'd like to do now, just is make sure that anybody listening who wants a more nuanced overview of this, we're going to link to a video that I made a couple of years ago where I walk through the ovulatory cycle. And I draw the graph of estrogen, progesterone, FSH and LH, according to the nomenclature you're using by days. But let's also have you do an explanation now of the role of FSH and LH on the brain, because you've already referred to that. And what the feedback cycle looks like with estrogen, I just want to make sure people are following the physiology you're describing. And that video is so fantastic. We actually were talking about it before doing this podcast about that video. And I said, you know, if you asked most OBGYNs to draw the menstrual cycle, many of them wouldn't be able to do so. It's incredibly complicated and it's so confusing and we think our doctors know everything and unfortunately they don't. And so what happens is estrogen, you know, again, you have your period, your lining of your uterus is shedding, your estrogen is kind of it. It's all time low. And again, just to make the obvious statement, it's because most of the time when a woman ovulates, she does not get pregnant. Right. So that's why it's in this non-pregnancy state, right? You didn't make a baby, you're shedding the lining, your estrogen's about 50. Let's say to make it easy. Now it's starting to up, up, up, up, up and you're developing this follicle, right? So this egg is developing and then as your, you know, the LH is sort of your brain's sort of marker of, okay, it's time to ovulate. So that's when you pion a stick and you're trying to check if you're ovulating, it's checking your LH levels. And so you're going to see this increase in LH, that happens again. Everyone's a little bit different, but it happens kind of mid-cycle day 10 to 14, you know, somewhere along that again, you're all just not gynecologist. And so you get this LH surge, the egg pops out and it is the shell of the egg that creates the progesterone surge. So you actually don't make any progesterone really in that first half of your cycle. And then after ovulation, we call the second half the Ludial phase, which just means, you know, sort of that's when progesterone is around. And so you get this surge of progesterone when there is no fertilization, that that shell of the egg sort of evaporates and then you lose your progesterone and it is that withdrawal of progesterone that causes the uterine lining to shed. Now again, this is very confusing for people because hormones through that time, your ester, your progesterone goes from very, very low to after you ovulate, very, very high. And it's that cycle every month. Now, estrogen again goes from 50 to 150 back down to 50. That's what the book says. I don't know about you, but my patients are not all on the book, right? There's sort of- Yeah, a lot of my patients don't read the book about what their physiology is supposed to do. It's very disappointing. I agree completely. And so we're super interested in this is really trying- because we care about how people are feeling, right? And so everyone- you know, I'll say, I may say this a lot during our conversation is there's the book answer, there's the Instagram answer, and then my answer sort of somewhere in the middle, right? Is how we sort of talk about it and understand it. And so again, I think the numbers are helpful for people to see when you're pregnant, your estrogen's 3000. When you're sort of regularly ovulating, it's 50 to 150. Perry menopause, it could be zero, it could be a thousand, and down to zero in two seconds. So let's talk about why. So why is it that in Perry menopause the fluctuations in ester dial level are so dramatic? I think it has to do with the fact that you have a limited number of eggs, you're sort of getting to that end of your, you know, sort of bucket of eggs that you're born with, and sort of, and that's again controversial on the internet. And then so your body is really trying to do what it has always done, and it's just having trouble. It's having trouble recruiting the egg, ovulating, you don't ovulate every time, sometimes you ovulate twice, you know, or push out two eggs sort of in this Perry menopause cycle. So we can sometimes see really like high elevations, which can come with symptoms. And that's the challenge of Perry menopause is sometimes you have symptoms because you're too low, sometimes you have symptoms because you're too high, and sometimes it's that fluctuation. Like again, we'll go to the car model. You're driving a hundred miles an hour on the highway, and you go to empty gas tank immediately. That is not good for a car. That is inflammation. That is irritation. That is a lot of, you know, that is a lot of Perry menopause symptom. And so maybe to extend the analogy, part of the reason why a woman during this period of time can experience these enormous surges of estradile is if you think that there's say, a tank in the gas line, and you really, really want to squeeze the, the, the lever to get as much gasoline as you can in the car, sometimes you overshoot, and just you got a whole bunch extra in there, because again, you're, there's, there's volatility in the, in the follicle release. I know you would like this analogy. Yeah, no, I love it. You're welcome. The one other thing I want to talk about, because it's going to come up later when we get to HRT is, do you buy the argument, which is, the argument I have found most appealing, as to why women have varying degrees of sensitivity to the dramatic reduction in progesterone that they experience in the last quarter of the cycle, once the lining shed. So we talked about how, of course, during the Ludial phase, we're building you know, progesterone levels are rising. We're building up the enemy trio lining in preparation for pregnancy. Again, most of the times that's not going to happen, lining shed, progesterone crashes. This is what's referred to as, you know, obviously, PMS, and some women are somewhat unfazed by that, you know, and other women that's a big deal. And so the question is, is this about central receptors of progesterone and varying degrees of sensitivity? I think is a really important question, and we see this clinically all the time, right, in that if you give somebody, say, micronized progesterone or e synthetic progesterone, say, in birth control, you will see a wide variety of reactions to these different medications. And so I would say it has to probably do with the GABA receptor, right, and the metabolites of progesterone and how the body, you know, how the receptors in the brain sort of use these molecules. And so I think we just don't know enough about, you know, I tell my patients all the time, I wish, oh my gosh, we've so much work to do in women's health. We have so much research, we need done. This is why I come on this platform, not because I want to be on this platform, but I need smart people to be listening to this, to ask the research questions and to do this research, because clinically we see this all the time. You give it, you know, somebody, and I will pull up, put up that menstrual cycle with my patients and say, when do you start to have symptoms? Are you having symptoms when your estrogen is falling? Are you having symptoms when your progesterone is falling? And can we sort of hack the system to help you feel better and how are you going to respond to it? Because when we give someone micronized progesterone, I would say a third of the patients love it and guzzle it like it's candy and they're the happiest people in the world helps their sleep, they're just as anxiety changes their life. It's absolutely life-changing. A third of the patients are like, I don't really notice, it doesn't bother me, I've got no, you know, it's fine like it. But if you come, I need to take it, I need to take it, I don't need to take it, my uterus, no problem. And then you've got a third of patients who are very sensitive, right? The progesterone. And even within that third, it is extreme. I mean, we see progesterone allergies where people have horrible reactions to it makes me too sleepy, it makes me feel bloated, I don't like this. And so I don't as a clinician and an interested researcher, like I don't know exactly enough to be able to spot who those people are ahead of time. We've established now what's happening? We've established that during the period of parry menopause, the one consistent thing that's happening is inconsistency. At some point, we get to the place where the consistency returns, but now it's a new norm. And that new norm is, you don't make estrogen, you don't make progesterone. The signal from your pituitary, FSH and LH, begin monotonically rising, rising rising. And so, you know, if you were to do the blood work of a woman in her 60s, who had never been placed on HRT, you would see a very high FSH, a very high LH, usually above the labs cut off for measurements, you know. And then Estrodial and Progesterone non-existent. Let's talk about all the reasons why that woman that I just described in her 60s, who is now 10 years out of any hormones, what are the risks to her physical health, mental health, emotional health, the whole picture of her health, cognitive health, everything. What is what is she worse off for at that period of time? So I think there's a really important question in the sense of what is the risk of taking hormone therapy in that patient? And what is the risk of not taking hormone therapy in that patient? And so I think it's super interesting because we love talking about the risks of medication, but we don't spend a lot of time time of the risks of not taking medication. So if we think about that woman as she gets older, she certainly will have the microbiome in genital and urinary changes of not having hormone. So as a urologist, this is the actually one of the things that one of the couple things that will kill her, right? As the u-lose hormones in the genitals, which are very hormone sensitive, the bladder is very hormone sensitive, you change the microbiome, you decrease the acidity of the tissue, the bad bacteria grow, your risk of urinary traction infections increased drastically. So she may get recurrent urinary tract infections or pelvic pain. She may develop osteoporosis, right, which we know more people dive hip fractures about the same with dive hip fractures as dive breast cancer. So the risk of not taking hormone therapy, when you get a hip fracture as all of your listeners know, you're going back to the life that you lived is very challenging, right? Or you die. And so there's also the risk of we know dementia and Alzheimer's much higher in women and we can argue the data and I don't think we actually have good data about whether hormones are, you know, when to start them and if they're actually protective and how they're protective, but we also know that heart disease is the number one killer of women and we know that things get worse as you get older. So I think there are significant risks to that person and from the mental health perspective, I think there's no question that we see worsening of, now I will say, Perry menopause from what I understand of the data is actually worse on mental health and can actually love a lot a little bit once there's less erratic hormones. But again, an empty gas tank is still an empty gas tank and so we see a lot of challenges, you know, sort of in this time period. We talked about obviously the risk of dementia, talked about the risk of osteoporosis, cardiovascular disease, colon cancer, right, all of these are risks that are pretty clearly going up in the absence of hormones. So do you want to talk about the history of HRT? I mean, you know, it was a largely normal practice in the 1960s. They, you know, certainly had some fits and starts, right? They initially were just replacing estrogen. Figured out pretty quickly. I mean, within a few years that if you only gave a woman estrogen, you were going to run the risk of endometrial cancer going up because the endometrial lining just continued to get bigger and bigger and bigger and you eventually developed hyperplasia, which presumably became metaplasia and ultimately cancer. They figured out pretty quickly how to combat that if you just oppose the estrogen with progesterone, you keep the endometrial lining in check and this largely became the standard of care through the 1980s and into the 1990s and this was largely validated by epidemiologic observations, which showed that women who took hormones did significantly better. Now, people who listen to this podcast are well aware of how critical I am of epidemiology and it's certainly very easy to make the case that in the 1980s, women who were taking hormones had a healthy user bias, right? These are women that probably had better access to health care. They were probably more health conscious and as a result, they were probably doing many more things to improve the quality of their health. So the NIH did something that I think made a lot of sense. It was the right thing to do, which was they said, look, we can't rely on this epidemiology. We need to do a randomized control trial. They did it through something called the Women's Health Initiative, which had two components, a nutritional component that was asking a question about low-fat diets and then a component that was looking at the HRT. Would you like to pick up the story as to how the study was designed? Maybe talk about some of the potential pitfalls of it and ultimately how the results of that have been misunderstood and misinterpreted for so long? The fact of the story hasn't been made into a Hollywood biopic mega drama. I don't know, right? This is a big deal, a billion dollars of our resources went into doing this study and there are many things that we learned that were helpful and useful and this huge set of data that we're still using today to extrapolate information from and there was a lot of good that came from it, but there was a lot of misinformation and just really bad marketing or really effective marketing you could argue because what is so wild Peter is that when this study came out and they did a press conference. Before the study was published, they did a press conference. Have you ever seen the NIH do a press conference? That Matt Lauer talked about or that was made it on you, you know, like good morning America, like they did a press conference. I remember I was in medical school at the time, like I remember sort of this happening and they said, okay, this we had to stop the study early. It is increasing the risk of breast cancer and increasing the risk of blood clots and cardiovascular disease and we have to stop the study and everybody this there's different statistics out there but people say about 40 percent maybe of women were on hormone therapy at the time overnight it went across to nothing. You're talking billions of dollars of an industry went to nothing and the people who are prescribing the hormone therapy were like this doesn't make any sense. I do this. I've been doing this for 20 years, 30 years. I don't have a clinic full of people who are dying of blood clots or heart attacks or who get breast cancer like this is not my clinic whose clinic is this and then over the years, you know, then they published the paper and as we talked about or, you know, before we did this podcast is that they misinterpreted the data so drastically and scared everybody so with so much fear that you actually have an entire generation that has forgotten how to prescribe hormone therapy and this is where the nightmare that we're living in today because now we realize that the data was misinterpreted. So if we talk about and again and the WHI was one medication, one dose, that's it and it was a sort of birth control pill style kind of hormone therapy so a synthetic estrogen and a progestin it was not sort of the what we call you know more and we can talk about the marketing term bio identical but the FDA proved products that we used today like Astridile and progesterone their different medications that we used today and so you're talking one medication, one dose and we are still practicing fear-based medicine 30 years later whatever it is saying like we don't practice any other medicine like this. Well there was one study about surgery 30 years ago and that's the way we practice medicine, right? We evolve we learn new things. So what it is show let's talk about the good. When you took Astridin and progestin or Astridin alone you had a decrease risk of colon cancer, you had decreased risk of fractures like significant decrease of fractures, decrease of diabetes okay that seems like a good thing. This is in the hormones we don't even really prescribe anymore right? We saw a decrease in overall mortality, a decrease in cancer specific mortality and then when you looked at the cardiovascular data over time and again I'm a neurologist I'm not a heart expert but you saw there was actually no difference right? It actually wasn't so scary. Now as you get older we know birth control pills can cause blood clots so we do worry about giving a birth control pill to grandma because you can increase blood clots right? That's true. I agree with that. When it comes to breast cancer the most fascinating data that didn't make the press conference. Women who were on the Astridin alone so they didn't have a uterus so they didn't need the progestin therapy. Had a decrease risk of getting and dying from breast cancer right? And that didn't make the new estrogen was never this, even in that study that put the box labeling on all the products it's not true right? So then when you looked at the estrogen and the progestin groups there was a fear that there was an increased risk of incidence but not mortality from breast cancer and even when you look at that data there is questioning of the fact that the placebo group actually was more protected by breast cancer because many of them had been on hormones in the past and when you use a correct placebo group the the lines actually go together and so you're more of a statistics nerd than I am but the reality is there was no difference and so we scared an entire generation of people away from hormones because of a bad misinterpretation of statistics. So Rachel I don't know how good you are at sensing a person's blood pressure from across the room but if you were able to sort of project your your your vision into my carotid artery I see a bulgey. Yeah you you'd notice that my my blood pressure is up it I'm probably at 180 over 120 right now. First off I think that was a remarkable succinct summation of the WHO. I'm only going to repeat a few things. Bec not because I didn't think you did a great job you did but because sometimes hearing it twice highlights the egregiousness of this study. Shout it from every rooftop you can find. And truthfully I have friends, female friends and I have patients who to this day are paranoid about hormones and I just I want to offer yet another opportunity for them to sort of understand what's going on. So this was a study that had you know two parallel arms right one where women without the uterus were just randomized to either this synthetic or equine-based estrogen versus a placebo and then one where if you had a uterus you got MPA a synthetic progesterine and the estrogen. As you pointed out the elephant in the room here was the one finding that got all of the attention was that in the women with uterus group if you got the synthetic progesterine and estrogen you had an increase in your incidence of breast cancer. It turned out it didn't actually lead to any change in mortality from breast cancer but there was an increase in the incidence. Now the number is really scary if it's given in relative terms. It was a 24% increase in the incidence incidence for the listener meaning getting breast cancer right. So you had a 24% higher chance of getting breast cancer if you took the two hormones. On the surface that sounds devastating but again as people who lose in this podcast know we always need to think in terms of absolute risk. And relative risk doesn't mean that much if you don't understand absolute risk. So if I said to you Rachel I have a treatment for you that is going to fix a hundred problems but it increases your risk by 100% of getting hit by an asteroid. Would you take the medicine or not? Well you'd have to know what your base level risk of getting hit by an asteroid is and given that it's almost zero doubling it doesn't mean anything right. So the absolute risk increase for these women was 0.1%. So to put that in less technical terms it meant that you will even if you believe the results of that study and you've offered a great explanation for why the actual results should be questioned but even if you take them at face value for every one thousand women who were put on HRT an additional one got breast cancer though she didn't die from it at any increase rate to the women who didn't get the hormone. This to me is and I'd like you to push back on this although I'm worried you won't be able to because you share my bias. This is the greatest injustice imposed by the modern medical system in our lifetime. You are not going to get pushed back from me on that. I think women's I think that this is a disaster. I just got back yesterday from teaching at the largest internal medicine conference ACP the American College of Physicians and you're talking more than 20,000 internal medicine physicians. I was asked what a wonderful thing I was asked to give a course on female sexual dysfunction and it was wonderful. I talked a lot about menopause. There was no other menopause content at this course. There was no courses. How to prescribe. Given everything you've done my colleagues and myself have done to bring it into sort of just popularity. Patients are coming in asking questions and there wasn't even a course to learn. I can't say that's true for GLP ones or any of these lipid lowering agents or all of the things that you've been pushing. The problem is you now have a you have a brain drain I think because the doctors who prescribed hormone therapy either retired or died right and there was no one they taught ahead of them. Now I was very lucky. I had very good mentorship and incredible experience but we are now trying to make up for a last time to train people how to write prescription. It's not enough to say hey the WHI was misinterpreted and we've done a bad thing for people don't know how to do this and it's not a small, it's a huge problem and the reality is this is half the population. This is not niche medicine. The fact that menopause medicine is the tiniest little room of subset of gynecology which it should not be under gynecology, right? This is whole body medicine and yet nobody seems to care. Yeah it's really interesting to hear you say that because you're highlighting something that's as dramatic and potentially more dramatic than the thing I've tended to focus on. I've focused more so maybe I just take for granted that I got lucky and I had amazing mentors and they taught me how to do this stuff but it's also the nature of my personality to just be endlessly curious and show up in somebody's clinic for two weeks and do this. I've tended to focus on the lost generation of women, right? So I had my analysts do this analysis two years ago and I don't remember the exact numbers but the analysis was calculate for me or estimate for me the number of women who were deprived of HRT because of the WHO and calculate the excess mortality that was achieved through that injustice, through hip fractures, cardiovascular disease. We just went through the entire list, right? So calculate the number of lives that were lost the amount of disability that was incurred because to your point even if you don't die from a hip fracture 50% of survivors never regain the same level of function and I didn't even know how to quantify all of the sexual side effects that women unnecessarily endured all of the vasomotor side effects that they unnecessarily didn't even try to quantify that because I don't know how to but that's the thing that I focus on and again it's personal to someone my age because my mother and my mother and law are in that category, right? Like they're the ones that got absolutely screwed by this system. You're highlighting something equally and potentially catastrophic with potentially a greater impact which is we failed to train a generation of doctors to do anything about it and if that's not reversed the problem doesn't get much better. Yeah I mean the data's very clear on this right less than 6% of internal medicine OBGYN or family practice doctors get even an hour of menopause education in their training. Do you remember learning about menopause in your medical school? Zero. Zero. One minute. I didn't learn one minute of it and so here's the... I did learn that hormones were bad. Oh yeah you were right. So there's this so because you are taught hormones are dangerous or the bodybuilders take the hormones the snake oil salesmen take the hormones right like we don't talk about this in real medicine right so you actually have everyone says it's not my it's not my it industry it's not my thing I went to this internal medicine conference you know yesterday and all the internal medicine doctors were saying but this isn't this isn't my field like I don't feel comfortable right and endocrinologist was standing there saying I don't feel comfortable doing this I think you're a hormone doctor like that is what you do it is so embarrassing I've been asked to speak at multiple academic centers to teach on hormone therapy and every time I'm like is this real life I am a urologist teaching hormone doctors about how to prescribe hormone therapy and it is real life and this is why I'm so loud about it because we have to change this we have to change this on a big level because I need the ICU doctors and the pulmonologist and the card in the you know the heart doctors and all the doctors to know that menopause affects their organs right colon cancer why aren't why aren't GI doctors talking to women that estrogen prevents colon cancer why are we checking dexas at 65 like why are rheumatologists not prescribing hormone therapy I found out recently that psychiatrists because I do a lot of teaching about how to prescribe hormone therapy a few of us are very passionate about it and I was like sit with me I will teach you how to write the prescriptions I've had psychiatrists tell me their malpractice insurance will not cover them if they prescribe hormone therapy and I said wait a minute you prescribe post-partum depression drugs which are pregesting based right you do reproductive psychiatry which means birth control is a part of what you do and you're being told you're not allowed to prescribe hormone therapy when hormone therapy is one of the greatest antidepressants in the history of medicine it is insanity we're living in a nightmare yeah so let's talk a little bit about how we go about doing things so there are two hormones we've talked a lot about but there's a third that we haven't yet talked about that is very linked to these two hormones doesn't get enough attention in women and of course that's testosterone so before we get into how one should think about replacing hormones can you talk about the relationship of testosterone to women's sexual health and what's happening to testosterone levels during this transition from parry to menopause because of course this I want to bring this into the HRT discussion so it's super interesting and I'm very passionate about this topic and so I think it comes from this idea that I do testosterone for men all the time right I'm very confident I love prescribing testosterone for men's sexual health for and actually very interestingly enough when we prescribe testosterone for men remember their gas tank doesn't get empty it gets low right it's off label right we are doing off label testosterone therapy and men unless they have client filters or some you know significant medical problem like we're doing off label testosterone for men and it's very understood it's talked about the FDA just three weeks ago remove the labeling on testosterone therapy saying it no longer is a cardiovascular disease risk so that's a great news right so the thing about women in testosterone is it's actually not a menopause thing testosterone is an age related to client so in your 30s you're starting to drop your testosterone and testosterone I don't know who said who decided that men get testosterone and women have estrogen like we both have all of the heart like we we have both of the hormones sorry interrupt you probably heard me make this point before because you alluded to it a few minutes ago we measured testosterone in nanograms predestilator we measure estradiol and peakograms per milliliter if you normalize those to the same level women are shocked to learn that they have ten times the amount of testosterone in their body that they do estradiol at peak estradiol we way more right and I love sharing that right when you put everything in the same units we are testosterone driven beings both of us right are testosterone driven beings and so it's you know again and we don't teach this to OBGYNs no OBGYN knows what some do but but very few know about the role of testosterone in women's health and so we love to gaslight women and say well if you have your period your hormones are normal drives me insane this women are told this all day every day is well you you can't possibly have a hormone problem because you're getting your period regularly and the reality is is that's not true why because if no one taught that that curve that curve we were just talking about testosterone is nowhere on that curve and so we know there's a peak of testosterone around ovulation right that is nature's way of saying let's make a baby we know that we know that your libido goes up around ovulation because your testosterone goes up and so there is this age related decline in testosterone and here's another big problem we give women birth control pills all the time how does birth control work by the way birth control is high dose hormone therapy we love hormone therapy in birth control but as soon as you become menopause everybody's afraid of hormone therapy it makes no sense so birth control is high dose I would argue you know sort of the hormone therapy we're talking about the WHO that is more synthetic that has side effects that have issues like that so birth control turns off your ovaries and it adds back a final ester dial and a synthetic pregestin it doesn't add back testosterone so we are botching testosterone for women sort of for along the life cycle to be honest but if you take someone who's never been on birth control their testosterone starts to drop in their 30s so what are they complaining about it's not just a libido thing we know their testosterone receptors all throughout the genitals and the urinary tract so we see women have an increased risk of UTIs we see an increased risk of pain within her course or pelvic pain conditions we see there are some studies that indicate potentially depression and anxiety can increase because we do think there's a testosterone effects on the brain but we have global consensus and I don't know if you've read the news lately Peter but like we don't agree on too much as a globe but there is global consensus that testosterone and women works for low libido and so specifically the data is on postmenopausal women that's where the global consensus is but there is data in Perry menopause and much smaller studies on before that so but the consensus is it works but everyone has emotions about testosterone I don't know I didn't think testosterone was appealing but apparently it is a feeling for people because people hate talking about it and again nobody taught you how to prescribe it so people are and there's no FDA approved products for women except in Australia it's approved by their their governing body and so you have a lost art of knowing how to give people back testosterone when they are symptomatic and I think this is an area where women sometimes are also a bit concerned about what happens if I take testosterone because testosterone understandably has conjures up images of all sorts of things from large muscles big moustaches lots of other things so so how do you talk to women about this we we enjoy having these discussions and and also acknowledging side effects right like the most common side effect we see in women is acne right and and I don't think I've ever gotten to the point where I've seen any of the really dramatic side effects but I do tell women I say look there's a decent chance if you were shaving your legs every five days you're going to be shaving them every three days that that's that's a chance if you were kind of susceptible to acne growing up you might get a little bit more but it will have to back off um but how do you how do you talk about the risks of testosterone therapy I love talking about this and I'm actually grateful for celebrities because just in the news in the past few weeks Hallie Berry says she's on testosterone Kate Winslet says she's on testosterone therapy and they look pretty amazing to me and they don't look androgenized at all and so I actually want to do this study it's something my research team's working on is I think I have more patience who never start testosterone therapy because of the fear of side effects then actually stop testosterone therapy because of the side effects that's my sort of observation in doing a lot of this now when we talk about side effects I tell them think about a foreign teenager they have these great libidos but they have some oily skin acne you know but that's when you get really high with your doses we really don't see it clinically yes could you I tell them to put the I I use FDA proved to testosterone for men just a doses kind of one tenth the dose in a way they rub it on their leg because if they do get hair on their leg people are used to having hair on their leg and so they shave it they wax it they laser it whatever it is that they do with hair would leg hair um I don't have that many patients stop for acne oily skin again I think there's that fear when you get really high in the dose so I'm not a pellet a promoter or user because you get super physiologic levels and I can't take it out if you get a pellet put in and so if you have deepening voice or clitoromegally or you know a hair issues these are the challenges with some of these super physiologic levels but when we're using sort of reasonably dosed like topicals we really see magic happen and and I can't tell you when we get estrogen and progesterone right for our patients it is by adding that third piece that testosterone because your ovary does three it probably does more than three things but at this point estrogen progesterone and testosterone when we add that testosterone piece I it's wild although the patients come back and they say me wow I feel like me again it's wild right that's the piece wow I didn't realize how badly I felt wow that was the missing piece I hear it over and over and over again I can't not want that for all women right I can't not want to give them that as an option on the menu let's just finish the swing on on testosterone do you prefer than to rely on the topical version of which would be like an androgyl type product and just dose it at a much smaller dose yeah that's typically how we do it and how our guideline sort of look at it so is wish the international society for the study of women sexual health fabulous organization you can find any doctor to help you with menopause and sexual health by going to their website they came out with a really lovely sort of how to practice guideline that they took from the global consensus and they do recommend using sort of that FDA approved testosterone for men and using it at appropriately doses for females so I like test them which is sort of the one percent generic testosterone gel I brought I'll show it to you I brought it for you to show you it's a it's a five milliliter tube of gel our male patients would use the whole tube of gel rub it on their chest every day I very few men who do that by the way they injections orals those are much better and so I tell my patients use a blob or a point five ml so they can put in a syringe if they want to and dose out that point five ml they take a blob they rub it on their calf every day and so just don't use the whole tube should last you about a week or 10 days that's kind of it's an ish right like it's it's not an exact precision science but the patients can figure this out it's not that challenging and I I will say this and I think I've colleagues who disagree with me on this and I would love to know your experience I think testosterone I think for men too but that's my bias it takes a while to kick in like I will tell patients like you need to do this regularly and I think it's gonna be three four even five months before you're gonna really wake up and say wow this is working oh my gosh like someone just walked across the street and I did a cartoon style head turn with my eyes popped out of my head oh my gosh I initiated sex wow that orgasm was easier to have right it's these are the things that patients notice I also get patients telling me there's stress and continents is slightly improved why because of your reads for a has to stoster on receptors and we know that for all genders and these these are kinds of things my patients will report but I think I don't know what do you think I think it takes a while hmm it's an interesting question um I mean I definitely agree that that's true for some people that said I've also seen people who within weeks report feeling better now the challenge here of course is the only way you could understand this is through blinding right we just don't know how significant the placebo effect is and and therefore it's hard for me to to discount or know what we do because we have studies on testosterone which show I mean within my observation yes I want to ask you another question about netesto so netesto for the listener is a nasal formulation it's an FDA approved formulation um we've in theory it seems like a great idea then practice it has not really paned out just based on its messiness it's it's a gel a nasal gel we've had women use it vaginally you know nausily like what's your experience been with it so it's getting harder and harder to find these days and so I think similarly we've been interested in it and people have played with it before this idea can you do you know one squirt into your nobody likes to squirt things in there it is it turns out and so it's a challenge now I also any of these topical testosterone formulations a lot of them have alcohol in them so I don't recommend putting them on your genitals directly um but I do think it needs to be studied for this you know it's it's challenging finding the formulation of testosterone that is low enough like from the male side because we have lots of formulations for men that is low enough to kind of give an appropriate dose why isn't a female formulation being made buckle up buttercup so here we go we had a billion dollars that was put into it a billion dollars and a five-year study that was done at the FDA and it showed it was safe it showed that it was effective it showed that it was fine it wasn't that's here's the the TLDR on testosterone is it's not that serious right we wanted to be serious again not a feeling we wanted to be like all about aggression it's not it's not a feeling like it truly isn't um and so they did five years of study a billion dollars went into it and the FDA came back and they said oh women have breast tissue so we're gonna need five more years of data and another billion dollar study and every company was like I'm out right the benchmark was different for women men six months and this was a real goal post move yeah they just keep moving the goal post everywhere they move the damn goal post okay I talked about the labeling on testosterone being removed that it does in worse than cardiovascular disease why because they did the traverse study that your listeners know about that proved it the box labeling on estrogen products which says that estrogen causes stroke blood clots heart attacks probable dementia like we just got done saying that that study didn't show that so why is that box labeling still there we're killing women by trying to protect them why do you think this is happening if you if you if you try to steal man the case for the other side where where are they in their thinking on this I think medicine has a humility problem and a a deeply ability to say hey we didn't we didn't know what we didn't know back then we're learning and we're adjusting they don't like to say I don't know they don't like to say to evolve in their thinking and for some reason women's health comes with so much bias and it is the amount of money that goes into women's health research is like worse than it was 10 years ago right like like this is a paternalistic I mean I hate to put sort of sociology on top of this but what like again when I I as you know I spoken with one of the PIs from the WHI and I think she is by far the most honest broker of that group and I don't have good things to say about that group I really don't but I also can't even wrap my head around their thinking like I can't steal man their case I wake up in the morning and like how is this real life like we met okay I'll give you an example we met with the chief for the administration chain we met with the the I think it was the the chief medical officer of the FDA we were someone high up at the FDA it was a room full of parry menopausal women I was like yeah we got this it's a room full of parry menopausal women and we presented our case about vaginal hormones which is basically micro dosing hormones and they prevent UTIs by more than half when you use vaginal hormones you treat the genital urinary syndrome of menopaus and we said to them we said you're labeling this should not have the same label of all estrogen products you should remove the labeling and they said well we're really going to need industry to come at us to remove the labeling I said you didn't need industry to put the box on why do you need industry to remove the box but we no longer have industry in this field in any significant way because the WHI destroyed that industry so we have a huge problem where you actually don't have any money to his women's health I think Pfizer completely fired their women's health division saying yeah we're gonna look at allergy now you have entire department we did a study once on pelvic pain we were really in botulinum toxin and pelvic pain and I was on the call where they said oh we have a new CEO now and women's health is no longer priority like I heard those words so we do have a paternalistic problem we it's true and unfortunately it's not getting any better I usually do not subscribe to to theories like that I usually find myself thinking there are alternative explanations and we're just pointing to the most sensational ones but it gets hard to dismiss an argument as follows right which is if the tables were turned and the WHI was really the you know MHI right the men's health initiative and it produced equally idiotic results would we be in the same place we are today or would men have said oh hell no to the traverse trial right there were two bad studies that were done horrible studies that made no sense that showed testosterone had some dangers so they the FDA threw that box labeling on sit oh my gosh within minutes they created the traverse trial it got done in five years and within minutes when it was finished and it got published in the New England Journal of Medicine the box was removed and by the way the traverse trials not even a great trial like I've been so critical of the traverse trial I think you could have come to the same conclusion of the traverse trial if you knew how to read all of the data before and actually don't think the traverse trial added much but anyway yeah but that's the point I think totally because you could look at data oh there was an increased fractures from the top testosterone causes fractures that makes no sense we know that's not true we know testosterone helps bone mineral density and so you can make the same arguments of how you look at these studies how these studies are designed the flaws of them you're going to do a study for five years why are you giving people gels you know is that the right thing so why are we looking why do we care what the people of the women's health initiative said 20 years ago why is that even news right and why can't it die and because you don't have enough people like you standing up you don't have the internal medicine doctor standing up and saying this is wrong because they're not teaching it right you don't have the OBGYN saying this is wrong because they're delivering babies and women are dying in childbirth women's health like men up has health in particular is important to nobody right and when it's nobody's problem nobody takes ownership of it yeah I mean I do believe this is going to change and I and I don't know who said this but it's it's a it's a great quote that said funeral by funeral science makes progress and so you know that's not a that's not a that's not a great explanation for what's about to happen temporarily because you know it's going to be a while before everybody who held that belief in their in their soul is no longer around but it it does give me hope that a new generation of women will come along and take ownership over their health and and and look I've seen a change in 10 years I mean 10 years ago when I was prescribing hormones to women you cannot believe the fights I would have with their other doctors and I don't mean like you know we weren't fist fighting but they were scolding me like how dare you you know and they but but but it came with an arrogance of in at a lack of willingness to even look at the data now which I found ironic right it's like if if you want to scold me you better know as much as me and hopefully more but the this this sort of arrogance of I'm going to scold you but I know nothing and I'm not actually willing to have a discussion with you because I'd be like great let's let's turn to figure two in the jam up paper and let's look at this and look at the appendix and look at the supplemental data like are you seeing the same thing I'm seeing can we at least agree on the fact no we can't and it's so fascinating because I would never I would never tell my I do sexual medicine so I look at the whole patient I look at everything and I would never say to them hey you're you have to stop this beta blocker right now because it's causing your erectile dysfunction right I would never tell a patient that though the beta blocker may be worsening his erectile dysfunction but I would never say stop this medicine it's kill it's hurting you right I would talk to their doctor I would have a conversation but there's something about hormones that doctors who know nothing feel very confident in saying you can't be on this you must stop this without even having that curiosity of huh I wonder if the person who prescribed it actually knew what they were talking about and it is it is everywhere right we see this all the time now let's talk about the flip side because the unfortunate nature of everything we've just described is you create a fringe movement and unfortunately I've seen a lot of doc on a box hormone practices that are I believe putting women at risk and I believe are doing bad things to women in the name of doing good and I don't believe that these are inherently bad individuals I think they are I think they're ill informed I think they're just not that bright and maybe some of them are just actually charlatans and they're seeing an enormous opportunity here as a general rule I tell patients be very very suspicious of a doctor that is selling you hormones be incredibly suspicious of any physician who has their own compounding pharmacy within the practice and is giving you compounded formulations and also making money on it talk a little bit about the I don't want to call it the dark side but just kind of the fringe side of this world so I would argue that people care about their pain points people want to feel better people go to anyone who tells them here's you know there's a whole supplement aisle at CVS that makes all these wildish claims that we're going to help you with everything and the reality is is I just got done saying you're kind of colleges and your internal medicine doctors are going to in that 10 minute visit tell you that you don't need this this is not going to help you and so enter the fringe people the snake oil salesmen the people who are doing wildly inappropriate things that doesn't mean the hormones themselves are bad it just means we have a marketing problem here if we're not doing it and helping people people are you know they hear their friend did it they hear their their neighbor did it and they said I want what she's having right this is why we call ourselves the menopause see this is why we teach so loudly is because we're trying to bring it back into medicine and evidence based medicine and say you can actually do this quite reasonably in fact there are many FDA approved products that work you know much better that are more regulated that are totally safe you know here's what they are they should be covered by your insurance you know and giving them that knowledge because the problem is is when no one is right it's too quiet no one is giving people answers no one's even looking at the questions so then the fringe people take over and are unfortunately doing very inappropriate thing you know what we see this with men's health too right as a urologist we see shot clinics and all these wild PRP clinics and testosterone pellet clinics and compounded pellets and all of these things because my colleagues we are not doing enough to take care of men's sexual health and so these clinics exist to prey on those patients who deeply want to connect and get their answers right which is why my colleagues and I are even loud about it on you know for everybody yeah the number of online testosterone clinics is mind boggling and you know a lot of them are prescribing I think second tier drugs right and you know what I say I say you know with these things is the people who need it are not being offered it and the people who don't need it are abusing it right and that is true for hormones for everybody because they just they just talked about this the last men are pause meeting less than 4% of women are on hormone therapy right now less than 4% that's worse than 4% of eligible women who would be really be required less than 4% that's worse than 10 years ago it is so bad out there I need so I did the same calculations you did when I was on my Uber on the way over I said how many women are over 40 it was something like 84 million according to AI right and I said okay and there are about 3,000 people on the men-upos society website that doesn't mean everybody knows what they're doing or that they all do the same thing but divide 84 million by 3,000 it's a big number and we can't see patient panels of 27,000 people like that does not the math doesn't math there so we need people to step up and write the so who should be writing estrogen prescriptions who every doctor who sees a woman of that age every doctor who sees a woman of that age and so who actually does nobody let's talk a little bit about the playbook I want to tell you how we do it and um I don't I'm not saying we do it right because I don't think there's a right way to do it but I mostly want to hear how you do it because I bet you're way better than than we are. Maybe we take a step back and explain we've already alluded to it twice but I just want to make sure people are understanding this if a woman has a uterus you have to protect that end of me trail lining so even if she's in the camp women who don't notice being on progesterone you have to be on progesterone. We'll come back to IUDs and progesterone coded devices and things like that and let's just talk about the way you get progesterone so the progesterone's the easiest of the lot here right. Is there any reason when giving oral progesterone to use anything other than micronized FDA approved progesterone orally? What's the lovelies we need at toolbox because not everybody responds to the same thing I love micronized progesterone and it's a fabulous product so yes I think it's my go to first line sometimes we need to put it vaginally instead of orally to help with some of those sedating side effects so you can avoid sort of going to the brain if you put it vaginally and so we do find that cuts down a bit. The deer going to start orally. I typically start orally. We're going to start at 100 milligrams depending on your grams. Estrogen I typically start with 100 milligrams some people say you're going higher with your estrogen you may need to do 200 milligrams of progesterone that data is not very clear and so and there's really two ways to give progesterone you could do it every single day right so typically 100 milligrams every day and then some people in a lot of data shows if you do it cyclically like 200 milligrams you know 12 to 14 days out of the month in another way to do it. Both are fine but when we see many patients right they feel better doing it 100 every day because it can help us sleep an anxiety reduction. And do we believe that 100 systemically is sufficient to oppose estrogen? I think that's the way I think there is not enough data there and we need more I think if patients bleed it's a nice tell that maybe they need more progesterone I think there's some interesting that I've learned that some people say if you take it with fat or you take it with something to eat it absorbs better because my you know progesterone's absorbed very well which is why we always had synthetic progestins you know in the first place and so we're still learning sort of the capabilities of micronized progesterone but according to most menopause specialists out there they typically will use 100 milligrams every day or 200 milligrams 12 to 14 days of the month. So the only thing that we do I would say front there is while we start women at 52 a hundred we will generally take them to 200 if tolerated and if not keep them where they are at a hundred but we find women who are in that one third to one half group who are very positively selected towards progesterone they feel fantastic at 200 the most notable improvement is sleep. So would you agree with that that's the thing that most women are just over the moon we have well-sleeved together it is it's so fun to get to get to get sicker and mood improves. And then of course now so now let's talk about the other subset of women and this is a real subset. No question. I would say in our population it's it's about 10 to 20 percent for whom if you bring progesterone in the room something goes wrong. Their mood really changes now it can in some cases become depressive but more commonly what they tell me is and I'm quoting them this is not me saying it I become a raging bitch and I'm worried I might kill my husband so for those women we think progesterone's a bad idea and we then use a progesterone coded iUD so are you doing that or are you using a repository at that point? Yeah you can do either right you can say hey try taking this vaginally and see if that goes away right see if you're no longer feeling anger or bloated or you know have irritability and so vaginally can be an option we love a progesterone coded iUDs right they're great in perimenopause why because people think that you just kind of like lightly like dance into menopause it is like bloody murder healthy and right like you can be terrible you can bleed the whole month you can bleed heavy you can bleed when you're least expecting it so the iUD is very nice because it will stop bleeding and so you throw an estrogen patch on and some testosterone and that's your really great perimenopause plan now you can still take it and get birth control which is very important right and so you can add micronized progesterone to the patient who gets good sleep even if they have an iUD that doesn't add danger we love that right so we love iUDs for this population there's another others and then there's the synthetic progesterons which you can use as well I've seen people do things like slimmed which is a birth control a progesterone only birth control pill at a patch into testosterone to that as well now again a synthetic progestins sometimes can have mood side effects as well so they're not completely benign for all people um there's another uh i don't know if you've used this at all in your practice uh it's called duovey have you heard of this yes so it's just a um it's an oral estrogen but it also has what's called basodoxafine which protects the uterus but is not a progesterone based medicine i wish they were separate i wish we could just give basodoxafine alone any pharmacy so it didn't necessarily have these these oral estrogen if you don't have to now it's again oral estrogen is not evil um you know i'm a sex doctor we know that transdermals a little better for sexual function so that's again why i'm a big fan of transdermal products as well but that's kind of another option for progesterone uh people get uh historic demies for lots of reasons of we've had patients do that who really don't tolerate progesterone and then you can just use estrogen only are you referring women who are on what potentially might be a low dose of progesterone to their gyan for endometrial ultrasounds on some regular intro roll just to look for hyperplasia or anything like that so we really don't like to look for things um the nice thing about endometrial cancer from what i understand again i'm putting my urology hat on i'm not a gynaecologist it bleeds so if you now if you bleed um then if you bleed and you just started a new hormone therapy it's probably okay now for me i like to know if there's any structural things going on to have a polyptoof a fibroid is your lining super thick you know if you're in parry menopause you still should be bleeding right so it's that challenge i don't go looking for things that aren't uh bleeding because i don't necessarily want to find things um and so so no that at this point there's not necessarily a reason for routine surveillance because if you're lining is say six millimeters and you're not bleeding um are you really gonna put that woman through a biopsy and through a hystoroscopy and those have significant you know pain and and problems that go with that as well anything else you want to say about progesterone i think we covered a lot of progesterone now i think do you start it can confidently with the estrogen do you like to start one before the other i like to start one before the other in general because i like to people to know what's doing what i agree because you know when you just give when when someone comes to see us is give it all to me yeah it's always a disaster every time it's a one time it worked well for me but it's pretty much a disaster so i like to stack it so as we can and again you're not going to cause and endometrial cancer in in three months of using just estrogen and you're talking something that takes years and years and years to develop and even that data is not that clear cut so i'm not worried about me causing a uterine cancer now often again we'll start with the estrogen because i feel sometimes you'll start with progesterone if sleep is the major issue but i find like the vasomotor symptoms are so um it's such a big deal to get rid of those so i do like often starting with estrogen and then slowly adding in the other ones yeah that so i'm really happy to we're following your playbook already so yes we almost always start with estradial and we muck around for a while till we get it right and that's why i saved it for last by the way because it's the hardest in my opinion in my experience to get right then we fiddle with progesterone and then testosterone if they're not already on it but to your point some women are coming into pairing menopause already on testosterone okay let's talk about estradial um there are two other estrogens estradial is e2 but there's estron e1 and there's estriol e3 now the FDA only has a battery of approved products around the second estrogen which is the dominant estrogen there's no FDA approved product for estron and there's no FDA approved product for estriol but there are plenty of compounded opportunities around that in fact the most common of them is referred to as biased by estrogen which is an 8020 mix of estriol and estradial um what is your take on why that product exists do you view that as a reaction to the wh i i mean how do you think about it yeah i think as you said it right there i think that what happened happened is the women's health initiative happened in hormone therapy all went into the to the under the alley it went to the alley and i think one of the ways that these alley docked back alley doctors did it was saying oh we're using the safer version we're using this compound and we're gonna make it 8020 and we're gonna use the more safer option by the way i haven't seen that data uh you know and there is no data on biased in large trials that's gonna really tell me what it does and so and we're gonna just use this um and that's what got people through for a while and i don't actually blame those people if they had no alternative right if i were in the middle of the desert and i had the options and i was having horrible symptoms and i had the options of nothing or a biased cream like i'd probably slaughtered the bias cream on me but we don't have we're not in you know it where we are now we have lots of options we have FDA proved options and they're covered by insurance most of the time so i tend i don't prescribe it because i haven't needed to now if i have a patient who comes into me and they're feeling great and they have no problems do i have to change them we'll say well do you want to save some money like we could change you to a different formulation that's an option sometimes i'll even check if they're having symptoms we'll check their levels and i don't know if you find this but their ester dial level is essentially zero it's less than five and i'm saying listen i think you're just using fancy lotion i think you're paying a lot of money to put nice lotion on you and i don't know that it's protecting your bones and if we're using this to protect your bones or to stop your hot flashes or to help with your sexual health maybe we use the formulations that are a little bit better studied and that you know i know our absorbing in your body because i can prove it so that's my i know what's your take on that we don't use it at all i have used it occasionally in the past probably about 10 years ago um largely in women who were terrified of HRT and to your point it was viewed as look if you buy the argument and this is a biochemical argument there's no there's no human data that that demonstrate what i'm about to assert but if you and and again i say this because one can look at a whole bunch of biochemical charts and tables and talk themselves into anything being true but there's there are biochemical arguments to be made that estron and in particular one of them at tabelites of estron and i think it's four hydroxy estron the is the is the estrogen that is driving breast cancer so in an estrogen sensitive breast cancer given that you have so many estrogens is it more likely that one is responsible than another and and so the answer is oh you know some of the data suggests it's four hydroxy estron well estriol has no biochemical path to even get there in other words the there are no series of enzymes that can convert estriol into four hydroxy estron and of course there are pathways that will turn estriol weekly into estro diol so maybe you get a little bit more so in every all there's a long one in a way of saying you know no no no reason at all from an evidence perspective to use it we don't use it have not used it in a decade but that that was my half-baked argument in certain situations and in fact i did use it once in a woman who had breast cancer was adamant that she needed hormones symptomatically she really seemed to want it very badly and i felt that this was a reasonable compromise for what it's worth she got insanely better on the biased so how much of that was from the estriol how much of that was from the estro diol i have no idea when i teach this and i i do a lot of teaching of physicians holding their hands saying you can do this you can write these prescriptions and one of the things that i just keep coming back to is the sentence what are you afraid of right and i love that because when someone says well can i do it in this patient what do you afraid of can i use this product what are you afraid of and it forces i think in menopause medicine the reason we're all struggling is we're not yet at an algorithm or a playbook as you say that it's a one-size-fits-all what's so sexy about this field is we actually have to use our brains we have to use our brains we've to talk to people we've to get to know what's bothering them and we have to do the right tools for them which may be different in each person and so then it becomes you have to also understand what your patience afraid of right because that is the only thing that matters is what you're we take risks all the time i took a risk taking a car to get here right we take risks i with you ever drink alcohol you are taking a risk right we all take these calculated risks and we all have different calculations and so i love to push people of well if you were to use this so so patient comes in on biased uh is that safe well what are you afraid of am i afraid i'm going to hurt this patient i don't think i'm gonna hurt them necessarily but i don't know what's in that compound i don't know if the top of the bottles the same is the bottom of the bottle i don't know if it's good for her bones i don't know if it's absorbing in the way that it should be but i do have studies on FDA approved ester die all right and and then it becomes what am i afraid of with the with the patients well what are you afraid of about the ester die you afraid of cancer because you know that the women's health initiative people who used ester gen had a decrease risk of getting and dying from breast cancer our patients don't know this right yeah and you you mentioned this earlier i think this is one of the biggest limitations of you know how i talk about this thing medicine 2.0 which is very few people are conditioned to ask the question what is the risk of not acting uh you know we we we we we we have a reasonable idea of what is the risk of doing x what is the risk of doing y although in this particular example we seem to get that you know patently wrong but the what's the risk of not doing something is is very significant so let's talk about all of the different ways in which a woman can get ester die all through an approved tested chemically sound means yeah so um a little bit of nomenclature here right there is systemic ester gen right so when we're talking about hormone therapy whether you call it hormone replacement therapy the new way we talk about it is menopause hormone therapy or if you want to just say hormone therapy is totally fine we're talking about hormones for your whole body right uh estrogen for your hot flashes for your bone protection um uh for your skin here in nails right that's estrogen that's systemic estrogen but there's this whole other topic which i hope we talk about later because it's my favorite one which is local vaginal hormones which are to treat the genital and urinary symptoms of menopause and those are pretty much safe no i'm going to say they are safe for every human on earth including your 99 year old mother and law in the nursing home who is potentially could die of urinary tract infection so this is kind of the two separate areas and i think the question you're asking me is let's talk about systemic estrogen with systemic i and we can let's come back to that as we talk about genital urinary yeah because i got a lot to say about that one so systemic estrogen has a toolbox right we have patches we have gels we have rings which go vaginally um we have oral uh ester dial right um we have um those are the big ones there are injections that's kind of an old school way that i kind of use sometimes injections of ester dial valorate or sippianate um and so each one has pros and cons um and it's nice to have the toolbox because not every uh product works for every patient and the key is is getting it right for that patient because you need something that they're going to do and that they're going to do it for a long time because these are not things that you just you know do for a weekend let's start with the oral so we have an oral formulated estrogen um we don't use it that much i'm trying to think used to use it a bit more than than we did now honestly sometimes i would use it for women who were we were struggling to get the dose right on something else and i just needed something to get them through the weekend and it was like okay just i want you to just take a milligram of of of of of of this ester dial tablet tonight while we readjust your cream or your patch or whatever when are you using oral ester dial so i don't use it much um but that's not to say that it is there isn't useful i think it is actually very useful i don't need to underused right for example people are used to taking birth control pills they're used to taking pills they like pills you're doing for a a healthy person uh with no major risk factors of cardiovascular issues taking an oral estrogen really is not going to increase your risk of blood clots or heart attacks or anything like that at any significant worries some level it's no more increase in risk of blood clots than a birth birth control less it's less yeah so given the ubiquity with which women are on birth control pills where it shouldn't get into blood is not proportion yeah so what is your what is your advice to or what is your patient selection criteria on that in other words who are the women that you would say i don't want you on oral is this just factor five laden is this women who are obese like where do you sort of say uh the risk is a little too high so i tend to always start transdermal and again this is my sex doctor hat because we learn from this study called the keeps trial where they looked at oral estrogen versus transdermal estrogen and uh it's a fascinating trial but in that trial they found that um yes there's a slight increase of blood clots right with with oral estrogen but sexual function is better in transdermal and that's because of what happens to sex hormone binding globulin so when you take oral estrogen we talk a lot about first past metabolism through the liver it goes through the liver the liver lots of things go through the liver when you take medications um in this one in particular it can pump out more clotting proteins so if you're at any risk of blood clots just like birth control pills right if you're at any risk of if you're a smoker if you are overweight if you have a genetic predisposition to blood clots we're not going to use an oral hormone product does i make sense is that helpful um now i want to paint this because this is actually an area where i would love to see research i was speaking at a Harvard testosterone course with a morgan Tyler uh and mochera who you've had on the show and and i was speaking about women's testosterone use and um the speaker who got up there um to talk about a transgender hormone therapy talked about sublingual estrogen you get referring to sublingual estrogen and i got up to the micro i ran to the microphone i said what are you talking about i've never heard of sublingual estrogen there's no product who what are you saying and he says you just take an oral estrogen tablet and you put it under your tongue like a tick tack and you let it dissolve and it doesn't go through the liver and it works fabulously to increasing blood levels and i said oh my god this is it this sounds amazing and it doesn't drive up s h b g presumably because it's not going to deliver the liver which actually if you think about it logically i love logic here because we don't want to use we love logic is it will if you take an estrogen ring and put it in the high dose estrogen ring and you put it in the vagina same thing you absorb estrogen vaginally so what's the difference there right a sublingual estridile so i think it's fascinating i don't have many patients on it but i would love to see data sort of looking that direction because it's cheap oral estrogen is cheap uh you get lots of doses you can dose it you know does that mean you can get away with a lower dose you can get away with a lower dose absolutely you must right because of that upper dose effect so how do you dose it then so again i don't have patients on this and i haven't seen any studies on this but i i think you ask this guy yeah absolutely how does he do i think they typically again transgender hormone therapy is just much higher doses so my guess is one or two milligrams b ID is probably what they do if i were playing with it i would probably be nervous and i probably do 0.5 you know and i check levels and i do twice again this is not what i do in my clinic just as we think through what are you afraid of right what are you afraid of with this it's pretty fascinating stuff okay um let's talk about the peniply of topical ways you can do this creams patches what are the challenges of using these things how do they limit women's activity levels i mean i used to have this whole talk i would give women about what i thought was the best way to maximize the absorption of the cream and what i wanted them to do before they put it on and i wanted them to have a shower and i want to do two exfoliate their inner thigh and i didn't have this whole like routine that was probably so elaborate that it decreased compliance because like yeah yeah yeah so i thought that is not a series but i thought it was not a series but i thought it was true right for men and testosterone they we often find the topicals do not it's some they absorb beautifully and you get these beautiful levels and they feel great and then you do have a population that just doesn't absorb well through the skin and unfortunately we don't know who those people are right so it is i always tell patients that like i'm gonna here's the menu and we're gonna tinker we have to tinker to get it right for you because you're not like anybody and so patches a lot of people have heard of patches they like patches they make twice weekly patches and they make once weekly patches i find the twice weekly patches are much better tolerated and my patients like them better what's nice about patches is you have a wide variety of doses that you can play around with and so i always when i start patients on hormones i typically choose like a medium to medium low version because if you go too high initially they get breast tenderness and they get really annoyed with you and then you have to backtrack so i always like kind of tie trait up a little bit as we need to so patches are nice but for some people they don't stick well for some people they don't absorb well for some people they feel that they kind of drop off if you change it twice a week they feel like they get in a little lower we also notice women who use the sauna who are very very athletic and exercising like crazy you just haven't adherence physically and adherence problem yeah and there are people who are allergic to the adhesive so we see that as well so that's so some people are patch you know they love patches again you have to have a menu if you're going to a doctor and they give you one type of hormone therapy and that's the only type please run right they need to know the menu because you are not a you know it's not a one size fits all right so there's gels and there are number of different gels there's gels like the brand name is diva gel goes on your thigh there's estrogel which goes on your arm there's eva mist which is a spray sort of an aerosolized spray that goes on your arm gels can be really nice because it's every day so it's dosing every day the challenges sometimes they take a little bit to dry so if you're a busy person and you want to rub something on you want to run out of there I find gels not everybody wants to do something every day so again it's you got to get to know the people of like what do you what do you what do you like to do what's your routine you have to get it into their routine and sometimes you gotta work up to it and sometimes I have patience right they'll they'll use patches but when the summer time hits and it's hot and muggy they'll switch to the ring right or they'll switch to a gel like they'll those kind of what's the case for not just using the ring all the time oh so I love the ring so there's just two types of ring now this is important yeah it's really important because your pharmacist sometimes messes this up so there are two FDA proved rings now a ring just like a birth control ring you set it and forget it you put it in the vagina the vagina does not feel it like a tampon you don't feel it and it just stays in for three months at a time and it's sitting right up against the cervix it's not like a diaphragm where you have to place it or a menstrual cup or anything like that you just kind of push it in there and it just settles in and finds a place by the way if you have penetrative sex most people don't take it out they don't feel it like there nobody's bothered by this thing so this ring goes in there stays in for three months now there is a femoring which is a high dos ring which means if you have a uterus you need progesterone to protect the uterus and it comes in two doses 0.05 and 0.1 then there's an e-string which is a two milligram like localized estrogen ring that is you do not need progesterone if you have a uterus because it's just treating the genital urinary syndrome of menopause so it's not training your half flashes, subprotecting your bones it's not going to help your night sweats but it's going to prevent UTIs it's important that you know the difference because the pharmacist sometimes won't and he'll give you the wrong ring which could be catastrophic if they think they have a systemic ring but they have a local ring so the ring is lovely just dose is the only difference between the two right yeah they look a little different but yes the reason one is just a high dose and one is a load but it's the same frequency yeah both three months okay I thought you changed the e-string more frequently but good to know okay no three months now there's a company right now studying a product and I'm not it all affiliated but it is a one month ring that has both estrogen and progesterone in it which is very interesting and I'm curious to see where the research goes with that and it's a one month ring so so the issue with the ring I love the ring now there are women who you you show them and they're like I am not putting anything in my event like no I don't want that there are women who've used rings for birth control they love the idea I will tell you and we've been hoping to publish on this clinically again I don't know about you but my patients don't listen to the book they don't read the book and they don't follow the FDA curbs but my patients it peeders out like it literally stops working that last one everyone's a little different but I have patients where that last month they are dragging their half-flash it went on just swap it every two months so it's expensive so a lot of times insurance doesn't cover the ring it's about a hundred eighty dollars cash price when you use an online pharmacy called transition and so it's expensive sometimes they'll slap a patch on or a gel at the time to sort of overlap so they'll change it early or they'll add a different therapy or they'll stop using the ring altogether it is like perfect for like two months and then it kind of and we'll check levels again there's the book answer the Instagram answer and the doctor who been answer this is where checking levels is actually helpful I would love to you know I'm sure there are a couple of my patients that would actually volunteer to do this where we just do twice a week levels for three months while they're on a product while they're on a ring it just watch the curve it's incredible right because you will see it you'll check it you have a point one ring in and you should expect estrogen levels of 60 70 something like that and you'll see an estrogen level of like 13 and you'll be like oh my god this is not work right and they'll complain of hot flashes night sweats you know sort of their symptoms will come back and so we see a lot of ring issues with sort of dosing for that purpose and then another problem is if you have any kind of prolapse so as you as people have babies everything's can kind of prolapse and so people can the ring can fall out during bowel movements other things like that if there's not enough space in there so I had an ultra marathon right I can get expensive it gets expensive so I this ultra mirror this is where checking levels is beautiful marathon runner comes to me you know she loves her ring she's doing great she messages me oh my god I feel awful something's not right I've just like I don't feel like myself again I said oh you know where are you in your ring you know where are you in the cycle of your ring we talk about it so let's just check a level see what's happening sure estrogen was undetectable I said okay we need to change this ring and she messages I can't find it she can't find the ring it's not there she probably had a bowel movement didn't it fell out she didn't notice and then her sort of levels dropped so it's where the detective work kind of helps you kind of figure out what's going on with your patient so the ring is not perfect for everybody but I love the ring you know if you're in Perry Manopause and you have an iUD a ring you put a little testosterone you know every morning you know it's a mate like it's really a set it and forget it sort of you get vaginal estrogen systemic estrogen you get your pregesting from the iUD you add a little topical testosterone low very low maintenance and completely solution yeah and not that expensive like you can do it relatively inexpensively two things I want to talk about on the lab front we've talked a lot about labs so not sure if you share our our view on this we are really fistidious about using LCMS for estradile we do not want to use the Eliza based assays at all are you pretty meticulous about that or do you find that you're just happy checking any estradile I typically get the sensitive estradile level yeah that's what we get for everybody in same with the testosterone as well so let's maybe make that a PSA for people both physicians who are out there and patients we have seen that if you do not use the the LCMS assay right which is the very sensitive the liquid chromatography assays the results can be meaningless and i mean truly meaningless and the reason is that the Eliza based assays are so susceptible to interference from other molecules and there are some really known obvious supplements that completely obscure the findings so buy a tin which is in a lot of things will I mean render a non-LCMS test irrelevant but I think there are other things that were just not fully aware of so you know it is worth splurging and paying the extra maybe it's five or ten dollars be the cash price difference on that test but absolutely make sure when testosterone and estradile are being measured if you're the physician you actually have to go through the hoops and make sure you're ordering the LCMS test and if you're a patient you should be asking for it so we're going to get a lot of hate uh just so you know we get a lot of hate there's a lot of um there's a lot of disagreements uh when it comes to hormone therapy how to properly do hormone therapy had a check for hormone therapy and one of the places and it's funny because I truly believe and for anyone who's going to say mean things about me on the internet from this podcast I truly believe that actually most of us agree on like 98% of this like truly we want women feeling better many of uh most of us believe the data that hormones the benefits outweigh the risk and so I think 98% we agree there's the 2% where there is uh disagreement and part of it is also in the what we don't know yet right like the the unknown and the curiosity and sort of things and lab testing is one of those issues the book says never check labs if your doctor checks labs they are really doing something wrong you should only care about symptoms and then you have sort of the fringe that are doing all saliva-based testing every minute check labs do you know all these expensive labs which I do not agree with again the Instagram answer the book answer the doctor who an answer of sort of there are reasons to check labs and I do find labs similar to you my curiosity with labs is so fascinating when you can capture this perimenopausal fluctuations and show the patient the reason you feel so terrible is because your estrogen was a thousand and now it's zero and that hurts now do I need numbers to to to to to know that that's what's happening it actually helps patients quite a lot for them to look at this and see the data um what is your take on that because it is a very controversial issue I'm surprised but this is you have to understand I don't spend any time paying attention to the buffoons in the periphery on this topic so you know I don't like the term even I don't like the whole terminology around functional medicine I don't buy into the idea that you need to be spending and an ordinary amount of money on esoteric nonvalidated labs um again I think you can you can go to lab core you can go to quest you can go like any clear approved lab that knows how to do an assay correctly is all you need um our view and what we tell patients is the symptoms are the most important things but the numbers help direct my thinking this is how we manage thyroid this is how we manage sex hormones you know and and and to be clear like there's again I you know there's a character chair of the Dunning Kruger curve that I just find so helpful right so for the folks who aren't familiar on the x-axis you have experience right and on the y-axis you have confidence and in the in this sort of character version of the representation of this curve you initially have a huge spike which then falls into a valley and then a slow rise and of course the huge spike is referred to as the peak of Mount stupid followed by the valley of despair and the slope of enlightenment and it's just important for people to understand that when you are on instagram and youtube disproportionately you are seeing people at the peak of Mount stupid which is to say they have very low experience in insanely high confidence and these are the ones that are telling you that TSH I'm making this up as one example TSH must be between 0.4 and 1.9 and if it is any bit above 1.9 you have hypothyroidism and you need to be on armor thyroid or naturethroid or whatever and and and it's sort of like no none of that is correct okay and you just have to take care of enough patients for enough years to get humbled enough to know that whatever you think you know with rigidity is probably wrong you see don't my gray hair that I've grown it's true right and and I find you know what's so again that humility of medicine is I have made a car I am famous and my patience love me because I spend a lot of my day saying we don't actually know this is a data free zone here's what I think here's how we're going to use logic here's the tools in our toolbox but there is that ability to really know the data so well to truly understand there's a lot we need to figure out and that's why I have a research group and that's why we're trying to answer these questions because we have more questions than we have answers but I also need to get my patience feeling as good as possible and that is it's a dick ding to be honest yeah so here's what we do we focus relentlessly on the symptoms and we care what the estradiol level is we also think the FSH is a very helpful marker so if a if a woman's FSH is 78 and her estradiol is 40 I'm inclined to believe she needs more estrogen especially if she's saying I think I feel a bit better I'm just not sure like to me that says I'm going to go more and by the way with the labs being where they are I'm more inclined to push a little bit but again nothing tells me I've given her too much estrogen more than her saying her breasts hurt and that's the advantage of doing it with these short-term estrogens because I can pull it back really quickly so I don't know if that answers your question but I would consider myself an essentialist on labs kind of a minimalist essentialist but neither not an absolute is to any other direction and I love that and I think it's so re such a reasonable and logical like the logic there it makes so much sense to me so we're totally in line with that and that's why again it's very confusing for our patients on social media because they want the exact answer right and you're not going to find your exact answer from one doctor on social media right oh my gosh you said that I have to use an estrogen gel but I use a patch should I switch to a gel and it's not again it's not that serious there is a menu if it's working for you and you feel like you're getting what you need now it's good to get educated and learn about all the different options so that you can see what's right for you but I think expecting that one doctor gives you all the answers is not going to happen so anything else you want to say about systemic therapy before we go and talk about local therapy in the context of genital urinary symptoms of menopause yeah I think we haven't spent a lot of time really talking about the symptoms of menopause right what are we treating why do people have why do people need systemic therapy and I think you know I'm often saying that menopause has the worst PR campaign in the history of the universe why because we think it's for old people and we think it's just hot flashes and we think hot flashes go away there's actually not enough education like we can argue about E1 E2 but the reality is doctors don't even know the symptoms of menopause patients don't even know the symptoms of menopause right the person who was doing my makeup this morning she's like I just feel awful I feel like an old person I'm not sleeping I'm not fun anymore I can't drink I can't you know my joints are achy and as it welcome to you need hormone therapy right like I'm always teaching no matter who I'm whether there's a cab driver a hair stylist I'm always teaching but this idea of of of you have hormone receptors throughout your whole body it is a whole body experience so yes there's hot flashes and night sweats and by the way hot flashes are not just a nuisance that is a neurologic vascular genic probably event right the worst your hot flashes the worst your risk of cardiovascular issues and things like that joint pain is a huge one I never thought as a yearologist I would treat so much joint pain never in a million years did I think I cared about joint pain and yet patients come in all the time and say oh my god I don't get out of bed feeling old I don't feel creaky my joints recover again after I exercise and again am digastank inflammation when you I think hormones are natures a joint fluid if you will so so almost like break fluid right go back to the car analogy and we are gonna work it heck out of this mind so it's really cool so your eyes knee lubrication your ears need wax your vagina needs lubrication your joints actually need lubrication and so think of hornet teenager you've got oils oily skin so so hormones create these oils vaginal lubrication oil for your skin there are hydrogen receptors in your eyeballs right in these myobian glands so so I think of hormones like fluid so as you lose the hormones or the hormones go too high or too low it dries everything out and so you get joint pain you get frozen shoulder you get plantar fasciitis and now it was recently published on by Archmai Khalid Vonda Wright the musculoskeletal syndrome of menopause right this idea that so many women in their 40s and 50s everything starts to break down it's because the gas tank is empty and that inflammation increases it's such a simple and it's such a simple analogy so what are the symptoms you've got muscular skeletal symptoms sleep issues mood issues bleeding changes um obviously low libido orgasm problems or rousal problems pain with sex increases like crazy um I sent you a list here what am I missing you've got you've got a list there uh irritability very common one um I think the one that I was gonna ask you about is brain fog and depression um this is one where I think this is a I think this is a very unique one because it's one that gets easily dismissed as something unrelated same same more about those it's it's one of the most common symptoms and all women start going to doctors in their 40s like like doctors you I know you're listening and you get so many people and every day you say oh it's probably hormonal but you're not giving them the solution you're just telling them it's not cancer so the neurologists are seeing all these patients to rule out um you know a cognitive decline or all these other issues but really it's that brain fog because your brain is filled with estrogen receptors this is crazy researcher okay I don't know if you've had Lisa Muscone on but here's this researcher from Cornell neuroscience researcher who says hey I want to study Alzheimer's I want to do this this is just in the last couple years and she goes to her lab manager and says okay what's the assay for estradile and the brain I need to look at estradile receptors in the brain and the people at Cornell was like that doesn't exist she's like what do you mean that doesn't exist she's like how can we not look at estrogen receptors in the brain so she gets um Maria Shriver to give her a giant amount of money who gives her a huge amount of money so she now develops this assay this is only within the last couple of years she just published in nature very early findings that what would you expect right your body is efficient it's not going to do things it doesn't need to do so the hypothesis was that as menopause gets later and later the estrogen receptors in your brain are going to down regulate why have receptors around when there's no estrogen to feed the brain what did she find the exact opposite right that actually even up to 65 she stopped looking past 65 because she's like there's no way that's going to matter the increase in receptor density the older you get and it correlates to brain fog and irritability you can sort of correlate all these symptoms my reading of that was estrogen is so important in the brain that it has to upregulate the receptors as the estrogen level goes down and down and down and in other words it's a lot like the way the brain is treated for glucose the body will if you you are fasting the muscles will within days become completely insulin resistant it's their way of saying every molecule of glucose that that liver spits out better not go into the muscle it better go to the brain and so you look like you have diabetes in an effort to save glucose for the brain and I think that's what's happening with estrogen and could you argue that weight gain in menopause is evolutionary so that you make more estroner what up right that goes to the brain because it wants every more so that it can get right so this idea of hormones matter for the brain deeply right this is very important so it's fascinating research but you're going to see a lot of again think of a receptor as perimenopause is happening the receptors are full now they're empty then they're full now they're empty now they're have full now they're empty it is this is why we see ADHD pop up in perimenopause all these women are saying I have now new diagnosed ADHD it's real why because your brain is is having a panic attack because it's just trying to figure out some stability here which is my actually in empty gas tank so in menopause when you are totally empty the brain fog gets better right because there's stability of hormones and so on but if we just all I'm saying it's just adds some estrogen right to just keep the receptors happy the other one that we didn't talk about was the urinary symptoms so both urinary and continents and then the higher prevalence of UTIs you veluded to it a little bit but just maybe finish the swing on that okay so this is my favorite topic in the history of topics because we used to call this problem initially it was called senile vagina that was the initial yes there was a papers written on the senile vagina then it got up I don't even understand what that means it an old vagina I suppose but then it got changed to vulva vaginal atrophy or atrophic vaginalitis that was the terminology that was used to be unfamiliar with the time before that I was seen on the scene of vagina check the history books very fascinating so vulva vaginal atrophy was sort of the common name of this okay as you get older the vagina atrophy is it travels up it shrinks up you know again if a penis tripled up at age 52 we probably have a vaccine sponsored by Pfizer right this is this is they created by agra they would create this this vaccine no one even tells me so you're saying if by the time a man became 50 his penis became a shriveled up useless organ you you you're you're saying that the medical system would have probably done something about this you might be on to something Rachel I I I know what I'm talking about so this is right so so so this is the thing we just told we just called a vulva vaginal atrophy and we said well if you have pain with sex or a little vaginal dryness here's some moisturizer here's some lubricants here you go if you're really bothered really bothered you got me really bothered then there's the thing called vaginal estrogen that we could give you now here's the crazy part of this is it's not just a little vaginal dryness the vagina and the bladder need hormones right babies don't have hormones and that's why you see it's red it's irritated they're these small little labia manora diaper cream was invented right to because it looks so painful then hormones had they pee their diapers all the time the genitals morph and change with hormones right puberty happens and you have a change of the genital in urinary system and and so what happens is as you lose hormones it goes in reverse and so it changes the microbiome though the hormones keep the tissue acidic it grows the healthy lactobacillitis it is the vaginas supposed to be acidic it's supposed to be able to fight infection and without proper hormones you lose that ability to fight infection so you see urinary frequency urinary urgency vaginal dryness increase in leakage increase in urgent continents and recurrent urinary tract infections which can and do kill people okay we've known this since the 90s in the New England Journal of Medicine actually this was on estuary all they looked you could reduce the risk of urinary tract infections by well over 50% we have known this all along and yet and that was with topical estuary all yeah interesting yeah I wasn't unaware of that and yet there is no FDA approved estuary all formulation despite that fact yeah correct I think it's available in Europe so we so the name got changed in 2014 okay 2014 a bunch of people got in a room and they said you know what this boba vaginal atrophy thing that's kind of a bad name because it doesn't describe what's really happening to people so they changed the name to genito urinary syndrome of menopause g sm now there was one urologist my mentor was in the room and they almost didn't put the word urinary in it and he fought and he yelled and he's here this is the power of one person to be able to change the whole world and they said okay well listen to you we'll put the word urinary in it and I'm so glad they did because the urinary problems are the things that kill people right people are dying of urinary tract infection in fact a large amount of money goes to medicare expenditures when it comes to urinary tract infections and we published last year that if medicare patients use vaginal estrogen which is safe for everybody and $13 a tube we would save medicare between six and twenty two billion dollars a year billion just say that again please because I know there are people that are in the medicare system who are going to be interested to understand that okay so when you when you do a low dose local vaginal estrogen or dha product you can reduce your risk of urinary tract infections by more than half they're safe to use if you've had a history of blood clots breast cancer whatever medical problem you can come at me I can tell you that it's safe okay it will not only help with lubrication help with pain with sex help with urinary frequency urgency leakage but it will reduce your risk of urinary tract infections by more than half it's also inexpensive and covered by ur insurance if everybody in medicare eligibility used vaginal estrogen we would save medicare between six and twenty two billion dollars a year and in my opinion that is a conservative estimate because of how many patients are getting urinary tract infections they're going to their doctor for cultures they're in the ICU with this is a huge economic a more bid and mortality problem that we're dealing with and no one cares I mean again I always try to come up with this steel man and say is it that they don't care or is it that they're unaware or is it that they feel that it just needs to fall on the shoulders of somebody other than themselves so I think we have a marketing problem I truly believe this is a marketing problem because let me tell you but okay let me push back not because I don't agree with you but I'm just gonna put put my my hat on that says the opposite right so maybe I am too attuned to this but I feel like there is nothing more talked about right now I mean look at what Hallie berries doing look what Oprah's doing look what Gueneth is doing I mean there are so many very powerful very influential women that are talking about this why is this not in the zeitgeist right now it's getting better but again they don't know how to write the prescriptions okay so let me tell you you think there's not enough physicians talking about this then if it really comes down to prescriptions if it can't get them it's on over the counter if you can't get the prescription or if you don't go to your doctor saying that you need it we had an Instagram reel just yesterday that the patient said I sent my friend went to her doctor said she was having pain with sex asked for vaginal estrogen and her gyna colleges said and I quote you need to think of other ways to change your relationship from now on it's not in the cards for you what does that mean meaning you can't have sex anymore right and the fact is it's not about sex is about urinary tract wait a minute yeah this is impossible for me to fathom a woman went to her gyna colleges and said I'm having pain within her course yeah this woman any idea how old this woman is in her 60s okay and the gyna colleges said didn't didn't you think this gyna colleges doesn't know about estrogen honestly I don't know any more it's incredible right so so okay so we could argue via agra 1998 via agra comes out via agra changed the world billions of dollars what is via agra is a pd five inhibitor it relaxes smooth muscles of the penis increased blood flow gives you a rigid erection so it helps with a rousal for men okay if you take it micro dose low doses it can also help with bph or urinary problems right we love via agra we love cialis wish it was in the water we should study it in women um if this is the problem though because I didn't medical school oh I'm gonna talk about that but but I will argue we've had via agra for women long before we've had via agra for men and we've known about it since the 1970s and via agra for women is vaginal hormones what do vaginal hormones do they relax the tissue they increase her rousal they increase lubrication they increase orgasm they help with urinary symptoms so they do everything via agra does and they permit urinary tract infections via agra doesn't do that so you're talking about better than via agra it's inexpensive now it didn't use to be so when I got out of my training a tube of estra is with five hundred dollars wow because of people like mark Cuban and good rx and I've I've talked to mark Cuban on my dms in twitter and he knows more about vaginal estrogen than ninety percent of doctors but this idea of of it's not expensive a tube of estrogen is thirteen dollars right and you're saying that the reason that this price has come down is I know mark is a very hard liner against the pbs did mark basically take a sledgehammer to that yeah they changed they changed they changed they get and so it's incredible oh my gosh it's incredible and he understands it's he he literally understands the nuances of why vaginal estrogen is so important that's great I can't get doctors to do that I think he's he's incredible and so so so we've a marketing problem we have a product that is better than via agra for women it's been around longer than via agra it's inexpensive it's inexpensive what are we missing what is it's marketing we're not telling the patients we're not telling the doctors and we have a box labeling that says this product causes stroke heart attacks blood clots probable dementia breast cancer and needs to be taken with progesterone not one of those statements is true not one okay so we went to the FDA and says you got to remove the box this is not you're you're killing people and the FDA said we're gonna leave the box on this is a nightmare right so so can I can I just tell very personal story I promise it will take long so I was just spent my mother just died in November we spent six months in the ICU in Houston Texas six months my mother nobody was shipping an ICU for six months it was absolutely gut wrenching horrible time for me my mother had been on vaginal estrogen because you know of course I'm gonna one heard of prevent UTIs for many many years you know she's 70 year old woman many years so she gets into the hospital has a transplant has a catheter and isn't doing well is on ECMO and very sick for very long time and I said to the doctors I said I know this isn't the most important thing in the world but I'd like to restart her vaginal hormones because having a catheter being in an ICU and being a immunocompromise my mother's risks of a urinary tract infection are incredibly high and a urinary tract infection is going to kill this woman so I would like to restart her vaginal estrogen and because menopause medicine is a tiny little field in a tiny little corner they looked at me like I was an insane person I said what do you mean you can't this is this is like your mother is very sick right now I said I know my mother is very sick right now and this is one thing I can control I sort of did a do you know who I am because I'm on the guidelines committee for GSM for the American Urologic Association so for the transplant team I had to write up a whole I wrote up a whole S bar of like here's why it's important years the research here's all the literature here's the citations and they said but it'll increase her risk of blood clots I said no it won't vaginal hormones don't increase your risk of blood clots you're talking my it's like hydrochorded zone cream but compared us saw you measure all right those are very different things so then they went to the ICU team is an oh can't give this to her and increase her risk of blood clots had to convince them then the pharmacy they finally got them to write the prescription I had to teach them how to write the prescription pharmacy wouldn't dispense it why it increases the risk of blood clots it says so right on the box so I had to call and yell right I'm trying to run a practice in Washington DC my brother and father are trying to advocate with me because they know that this isn't they also follow me on social media they know this is important finally the pharmacy dispenses the tube of estrace there's no applicator the nurses don't know how to give it I had to show them and teach them how to give my mother who is on ECMO and you know ultimately passed not from a UTI thank goodness but but had to show them how to dispense I had to do all this being one of the leading educators on this topic what is everybody I'll still and guess what the teams changed every week we had to do this every week and to teach them why this was important and how to do this vaginal hormones should not be gynaecology it should not be a small subset of menopause medicine we could save Medicare between 6 and 22 billion dollars a year if people understood this if the box labeling weren't on there I mean I I it is so personal at this point and yet it is it is it's it's it's horrible well I'm very sorry to hear that that story both at the personal level but also at the the the sort of meta level of what is implied I want to clarify one thing Rachel if a woman is on a high enough systemic dose of estradyal does she also need later in life local estrogen maybe even not later in life so we find that systemic hormones are not often enough to help with the genital and urinary symptoms and the most doctors don't know this and you're not again what are you afraid of you're not adding any systemic risk it doesn't increase if you're estrogen level 70 on your patch and you add a vaginal estrogen her estrogen level is going to stay 70 you're not going to get that systemic absorption but you are going to reduce your UTI rate significantly how is that he been done it's a great question it's a very much expert opinion and and when the guidelines come out in the next couple weeks or actually when this the think of how intr it I think of how easy it would be to do a study where you took a group of women they were all at systemic target of estradyal and you randomized them to a placebo vaginal cream versus an estradyal vaginal claint cream you could follow these women for a year if they were in a susceptible enough population and you would get a very clear answer as to whether or not you're getting additional UTI protection and if the answer to that is yes just imagine the implications there at that point it becomes malpractice you're definitely and you are you're getting more you we know and we just publish the study that dha does the same thing it reduces the risk of UTI is by more than half why is dha doing it so dha is a fascinating so they've looked at a lot of oral you probably know this data better than I do oral dha the data is all over the place right because your adrenal adrenal reaction to the tata so but when you put dha vaginally it is this idea is that your vaginal enzymes convert it into both estrogen and androgens and what's so fascinating is we know that the vagina the vulvar vestibule the clitoris the bladder have androgen receptors so us using just estrogen in this tissue maybe missing the whole point we probably we do have patients that benefit from having an androgen in the tissue as well and the only FDA proof product we have is intro rosa which is vaginal dha now it's often hard to get for patients if I could get it for everybody I would it's fabulous because the tissue needs in these androgens so it's it's it's um the data is very good it's just we've just started using it so I don't have a lot of experience with it. It's going to change so there is some data not a lot but there's data that shows someone with urgency I mean give them vaginal estrogen switch them to dha it'll help those people who still have urgency. You think it gives you the same UTI protection? We we published on this so we just published in the menopause journal that it shows the same decreased risk of UTIs by more than half so that was a very proud publication that we just put out and so we use it frequently what's nice about the product it's a nightly product it's dha and palm oil so it's very moisturizing very lubricating and my mentor Irwin Goldstein published that actually it also helps the tissue called the vulvar vestibule. Do you know what the vulvar vestibule is? Well I know what the vulva is and I know what a vestibule is but I don't think I know what the vulvar vestibule is. It's okay so I'm obsessed with homologs. Homologs are sort of this idea of how one part you know I'll give you an example the penis and the clitoris are exactly the same. Yes, sorry they're homologs of each other right the head of the penis and the head of the clitoris homologs the um your rethra right they're all so so it's what part of the body and one is the same in the other so the homolog okay of of the labia sorry of the scrodo skin is the labia mature. Okay you're with me the prep use or the hood right they every every the clitoris and the penis both have a prep use or a hood to it um the so okay so there's a line that goes down a penis that goes down the the penis and the scrodo I'm do you remember what that's called? Meadie and rough uh you got it raffae yeah okay so the median raffae is the line that goes down the penis and the scrodo I'm straight line right in the middle what's the homolog in the vulva? I just learned this. Oh well it must be the vestibule. No. No I don't know. Close labia manora okay so it's skin it's echoed arm right so it is skin right and we're split open so if you take the median raffae and you split it right that's your labia manora which very hormone sensitive I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm very pot I'm not on tick talk but I am trending on tick talk because I talk about the labia manora shrinking and disappearing and menopause and the internet has broken because of it so the labia manora is very hormone sensitive tissue that we do not study and we know almost nothing about but it resorts in menopause inside the labia manora so if we cut into the median raffae in a man and we do this when we put in penal implants or we do your rethral surgeries we get to the male your rethra so Peter your outside of your cheek is skin right the inside of your cheek is different tissue right you agree one more sensitive one's thicker so the the skin of the of the median raffae is very different than the skin of the tube of your rethra you agree for sure so if you split open the labia manora you get to the urethra and that is the vulvar vestibule so the tissue that surrounds the urethra in a woman that goes all the way around and I will show you nerdy anatomical diagrams when we're done here because I need you to know this that is the female urethra it's called the vulvar vestibule it is made up of endo dorm so we think of the cervix as a transition point but the most important transition point that affects sexual health and a woman is when you go from echo dorm of the labia manora to endo dorm of the vulvar vestibule and then pass the hymn is mezo dorm okay it's fascinating anatomy why is this important super compressed it's super but it's so important because if you push with a q tip on the labia manora they'll have no pain if you push them on their vulvar vestibule they'll say that's my uti that's my interstitial cisitis that's the pain that I have with sex it is rich in hormone receptors it is so this is why 50% of women go off there endocrine therapy for breast cancer because they have urinary symptoms pelvic pain symptoms and it is all sourced in a body part that no one taught you in medical school and I did that on purpose because I knew you wouldn't know it because no one is taught how to examine it they put a speculum in and they bypass it completely and they are missing the problem so my back to the dha this tissue has estrogen and testosterone receptors in it so sometimes estrogen is not enough to help this vulvar vestibule tissue and so dha there's some data there's one paper to suggest that dha is enough and this is the one time that I will compound a product for a woman otherwise I use FDA approved products in my practice and I compound basically the amount of estrogen and estrogen top vaginal topical cream the point of 1% and I will use a topical testosterone point 1% different than the 1% we talked about for libido but a point 1% they rub it topically on this vulvar vestibule you cure pain with sex you help these uti symptoms interstitial cisitis goes away so many patients it's miraculous sorry tell me again point 1% t and what was the percent point 01% ester dha and we typically use like a versibase or a methyl cellulase base no but I would love to see that studied right I would love to see it's the base it can be usually a methyl cellulose or a versibase there's a base called a lodge that a lot of people are using right now again I am not a compounding junkie in any way this is a miraculous compound that gives like literally wool if you have a patient who's on vaginal estrogen systemic estrogen systemic testosterone the sapirai self pain with sex is still kind of hurts it's always the vestibule and the pelvic bone is super interesting isn't it fun um there are three other questions that I want to ask you going back to hormones postmenopause um and these are I'm saving the three most contentious questions for for last on this topic question one I buy your argument this is someone's posing this question to not me I buy your argument that hormones are safe but I am now 56 years old I finished menopause at 49 isn't it too late to do anything about it yeah so we have this idea in menopause medicine called the timing hypothesis or the window idea right so the question of the timing hypothesis is what are you afraid of what are we worried about worried about blood clots we're we don't want to hurt people we're worried about cancer we're worried about blood clots we're worried about heart disease but the question is is does the hormone therapy that we use apply to the data that we have and I would argue it doesn't and so there is a level if we don't know what we don't know but even the timing hypothesis using prem pro which was the medicine used in the WHI is under question so Susan Davis from Australia just wrote a big paper questioning the timing hypothesis and say actually when you look at the data really closely even it doesn't really hold mustard we shouldn't really be forcing people to like say you cannot start hormone therapy after 60 so I think this is where shared decision making really comes into play of what are we treating what are we trying to care about your bones do you care about your sexual health do you care about you know sort of your mental health and do you want to see a hormone therapy helps with these things now hormone therapies indicated for three reasons vasomota symptoms hot flashes night sweats that sort of thing prevention of osteoporosis which to me is a green light so anyone should be offered hormone therapy because who wouldn't want to prevent osteoporosis and the thing I just talked about a lot is the genitaline urinary syndrome of menopause so anybody of any age and I'm talking even parie menopause and premenopause vaginal estrogen or dha is safe and really helpful to prevent UTIs and should be used absolutely everywhere throughout life throughout life okay now I'm going to ask another question that is the extension of that question but I think your logic is going to hold the same which is the hedging strategy which says not only use as little as possible for as short a duration as possible says you really need to stop this after 10 years right I mean so even if you were lucky enough to catch a woman through parie menopause and you know you got her on hormones by the age of 49 now that she's 69 you got to stop it right definitely not so that's really the there is no data to suggest stopping and in fact stopping it all of your bone gains that's right they all go away quickly by the way that was the argument put forth to me with one of the authors of the WHO is by far the most willing to can see that mistakes were made right which was okay yes I will concede that the ester dial is doing amazing things for the women's bones but remember they're going to go away when you stop the hormones as though that was a necessary thing to do so keep them on right and again this idea of if hormones if it's not broke don't fix it by taking a woman off of hormone therapy you actually potentially could be disrupting any plaques that are there you could be causing vasospas like there are all these things that could happen and so we really don't want to take women off their hormone therapy unless there is a reason to and the only reason I honestly see is if a woman has an active cancer that you are going to target hormones as a target for your treatment of cancer that's not to say the hormones cause the cancer but we have a target sometimes because all body parts have hormone receptors and we have used hormones as a target for our breast cancer therapies and some other cancer therapies is that helpful does that does that make sense yes and it actually does tails perfectly into my third critical situation which is how do we manage hormones in women who are at risk of breast cancer from a familial standpoint who have been diagnosed with DCIS which is not cancer but increases the risk of cancer so that's kind of a subset of the first group and then in women who actually have breast cancer or have a history of treated breast cancer so I would imagine you see women that fit into all three or four of those buckets how do you handle it yeah so first we take a long time at my clinic and we get to know each other and we really try to dive into the data and say what do we know what do we not know and I always tell people you can't take hormone therapy because Rachel Rubin tells you to take hormone therapy you have to do your own research figure out what you you know what you're interested and so I have a lot of colleagues who are talking about this you had Alvram Blooming on your show and he has a great book called Estrogen Matters he's an oncologist who's questioning a lot of this research we have amazing colleagues of mine like current men who is a gynaecologist who had breast cancer as a young person there are 20s and now takes hormone therapy and talks a lot about hormone therapy and teaches courses on hormone therapy and breast cancer so I am always learning about well what data so I don't like fear I don't like telling women they can't do things with their body I like understanding well what are we afraid of and so when it comes to the braka patients if you do surgical menopause on someone and they don't have cancer and you do not give them back hormone therapy you are trading one problem for another you may give them extra life from a breast cancer perspective but you are shortening their life from a bone health and a cardiovascular disease perspective that is very clear so the other problem is the DCIS if you are not going to give someone endocrine therapy of any kind and they're done they have surgery they're done there is no reason why they can't take hormone therapy and then when it comes to active breast cancer there is a lot of emerging questioning in this patient population and again the question is if you're allowed to get pregnant are you allowed to take hormone therapy and that's really the pushback that we give some people and I think there's a lot of data that we need here but we need to be asking these questions I'm a urologist to stop when I came out of my training it was testosterone fuels prostate cancer now 10 years later it's you have prostate cancer sure we can give you testosterone no problem if you have metastatic disease we target testosterone so we're going to use castration level androgen blockers but that doesn't mean if you have localized disease that you can't have testosterone therapy so we think of testosterone and prostate cancer as a saturation model concept and I actually think we need to be using that model potentially when it comes to breast cancer and have more logic and understanding unless fear it's marketing prostate cancer is testosterone sensitive prostate cancer but we don't cut off testicles for the fear that an abnormal cell will happen in a prostate all a lot of breast cancer is estrogen receptive breast get not all of it right but some of it is that doesn't mean that estrogen causes cancer is that helpful like I think it's a it's insanely helpful and of course it echoes exactly what Ted Schaefer said when we spoke about this after discussing the traverse trial which was I think to me the most telling thing that Ted said was look if I have a man who's got a gleece in 3 plus 3 means he has prostate cancer and we are going to follow this and if it becomes a 3 plus 4 he's we're going to actually have to take this thing out we'd put him on TRT if he needed it and his argument was exactly your argument on the pregnancy side which is the reason we would happily give him TRT is let's just assume he's a man replete with testosterone would we castrate him during that period of time of observation of course not so why would I not give him testosterone if he needs it even though he actually has prostate cancer and this is again where that patriarchal divide happens is we're willing to take those risks and focus on quality of life when it comes to men's health we castrate women with the mere thought that they may develop an abnormal cell in their body and completely ignore their quality of life and all of those things that go with it and that women are more than breast tissue they are so much more than their cancer risk and we have to understand and actually have these reasonable conversations with women and what I say is your oncologist is not in charge of you they don't tell you they give you advice they are so that's like a pit crew let's go back to our car model you have a pit crew but you get to decide who's on your pit crew and who fits into your pit crew but it can't be just one doctor you may need someone to talk about your sexual health you may need someone to talk about your menopause hormones you may need a bone doctor you may need a you know a heart doctor so you need to collect your pit crew but with one doctor says no you can't do this with your body I don't like that termina I don't think it's fair anymore and when you give women information about how their bodies work they make great decisions for them they can look at the menu and say listen I'm most worried about Alzheimer's and I've looked at the data and this is what I choose to do or hey I'm more worried about osteoporosis listen my grandma died not sorry my grandma broke a bunch of ribs raised she had Alzheimer's and osteoporosis and my grandpa hugged her and she broke a bunch of ribs like that's not how I want to age right so what do I care about I don't want to get osteoporosis I don't want to get dementia and I've seen all the literature hormone therapy sounds pretty good to me right like and that's really the key I think there's a lot of people on social media maybe negative about hormone therapy but if you look they are on hormone therapy themselves they will say they have an estrogen patch on I'm sorry I don't because I don't pay any attention to social media there are people out there saying they're anti HRT but they use your chart so I don't what's their argument what are they talking about this idea that we are overselling HRT that not every woman needs HRT and I'm not suggesting every woman needs HRT but I want every woman to be offered the menu right I want them to know what they are like like just like I want people to know how to exercise and lift weights and eat healthy here's the menu if you choose to smoke and drink and do drugs that is your choice but I want you to know that the menu exists does that make sense sure what do women need to be aware of so not every woman can come and see you right not every woman has access to a doctor who has the breadth of knowledge that has select few do in this space so A how can women find practitioners near them and what do they need to be aware of what are the exploitative practices out there that they need to be mindful of and not get dupped into sort of some you know either dangerous therapies or you know just overly extractive therapies there's danger on both sides there's danger going to the doctor for 10 minutes and saying oh that's not safe you don't want to do this right and there's dangers of going to the very expensive pellet clinic that is going to overdose you and charge you lots and lots of money so you need I like being somewhere in the middle and getting a few opinions here right so this is where opinions can be following the a bunch of people on Instagram don't just follow one people follow a bunch of people if you like books there's tons of books now on menopause right there are some of your favorites so I mean you've got Mary Claire Haver is the most popular book called the new menopause either herish has a great book called Pick Your Menopause type there's been a hot and bothered as journalist wrote a great book on Perry menopause Jancy Dunn Tim's in Fidelityll just wrote a book about menopause who's also a reporter so you're getting a estrogen matters is a great book right really great book so this is there's a lot of books now thank goodness you know there's one called the menopause manifesto there's great books on menopause there's also podcast now there's great podcasts out there there's great Oprah just did a special on you know there's there's documentaries on PBS now so menopause is having a movement so you can't have this excuse anymore of oh my doctor doesn't do this go find a different doctor they're telemedicine company and what's the what's the website you remember post dot org is the menopause society website that doesn't guarantee you have someone who knows everything but menopause dot org means somebody took a test and put some effort into saying I care about menopause I I'm on that website but is swish isswsh.org is the women sexual health society so people who we care about menopause and sexual health so that's a great place to find a so those are two websites that can help you find someone again you have to advocate for yourself because no one will do that other than you and so I think the more you educate yourself the more you can find the right people in your pit crew we're gonna fill that gas tank and get you where you want to go do you feel that there are too many women that are still getting their hormone therapy in the in the sort of dark alley with with sort of highly sus individuals and if so what would be what would be a clue that you're in that camp because there's nobody that's in that camp that knows it right so what what who or what are the I want I want a woman who's watching this who's not getting great medical care but thinks she is to maybe get a bit of a hint as to what that might look like I think this is a problem when your doctor only has one type of men when your doctor says no you can't have anything that's suspect if your doctor says you can only have this really expensive product that has to be inserted into your butt four times a year and you have to pay me thousands of dollars that's extremely suspect compounded by me if you say you have to pay lots of money for this special compounded product that's safer and more effective I call red flag on that situation if you have to give very expensive saliva testing labs and they're making you pay a lot of money very suspect again that doesn't mean you can't do it if it's working for you and you're happy you have body autonomy you do what you want but know that there's red flags there I think the pellet industry we I have a big problem we have an FDA proof pellet for men okay it can be FDA proved I don't upset with a pellet as a concept if the pellet companies care about women do the studies go through the FDA show me it's safe if you believe it's billion dollar industry if you believe that it's the greatest thing in the world show me so that I have that so that I can start using it because I'm gonna because the FDA is a pretty good compounding pharmacy so do the work go I have my beef with the FDA hello you need to take that box labeling off estrogen products especially vaginal estrogen but if the pellet companies deeply care about women which they say they do do the work that everyone takes advantage of women all the supplement companies all of these they take advantage by promising these things to women but they don't do the work of science so that's what I ask is is just do the work Rachel as expected this was this was a fantastic discussion and I think it adds to what we're trying to do in this podcast which is really have nuanced and deep discussions about important topics you know not every podcast I do gets to impact that many people some of them impact nobody they're just really esoteric but they they they they fit into my curiosity window but but this is this is kind of a topic that really impacts almost 100% of the population because 50% of the population is who we just talked about but the other 50% of the population would be hard pressed to say that they don't care about at least one person in that other group so again 100% of people are heavily impacted by what we just discussed can I say one thing real quick is that I'm I'm also a men's health doctor and I lecture my neurology colleagues and I say and you talk about longevity and here are the things you can do for longevity I think you're missing one point and that is that men who are divorced single or widowed have horrible health outcomes horrible whether you look at mental health prostate cancer cancer outcomes horrible they die sooner so if you want longevity if you want to keep living how do you you have to keep people partnered and when do people get divorced between 40 and 60 that is the age of parry menopause and menopause menopause is killing men it is killing men because it changes their marriages and it leads to divorce which leads to death so I give this lecture of if men's health doctors if doctors truly cared about keeping men alive they would do menopause medicine because that is the most one of the most important ways to keep men alive so that's my other argument for you to focus on this and really make change here and I'm just I can't thank you enough for this platform because it is everybody's problem. Rachel thank you very much for the work you're doing and thanks for coming today. Thanks for having me