You keep talking about making me a kick ass 80 year old. I want to be a kick ass 40 year old. Yep. What's the flaw on that logic? If I'm going to be an awesome 70 year 80 year old, I kind of have to be an awesome 45 or 55 year old. We're going to be doing things now that make you crazy strong to help your lean muscle mass, the burns your fat, all those health risk things, but you're also going to be way more prepared for whatever life throws at you. As a person listening to us, who says, look, man, I've been not getting better. But how do you help that person think about whether or not there's an underlying structural problem that needs a surgical intervention or a more direct intervention versus you're not being instructed to do the right things and or you're being instructed to then you're not doing it. I think your rehab clinic needs to do more than just offer services. They need offer a plan. The magic word of capacities, what's all about. Are you building me back to what I want to do? If you're someone like me and you who part of our CD involves probably walking on uneven surfaces one day. Yeah. All of your training should account for that. If we're just doing bicep curls and calf raises, it's like I'm on these railroad tracks, but the minute you make me go sideways or rotate, it's trouble. What I always tell people to do is like, look at your kids. Like if you go to a coffee shop with your kids, I guarantee one of them will run and jump off a rock and do a twist and land it. When was the last time one of us did that? The pathway back isn't necessarily pain free or injury free. It's more of a trajectory that's going to get better. Pain does not always mean injury. Pain is your brain telling you, hey, I don't like what's happening here, but it doesn't always mean your broken or busted. Hey, everyone. Welcome to the Drive podcast. I'm your host, Peter Atia. Kyler. Wonderful to have you. Yeah, thanks, Jeremy. I want to kind of give folks a little bit of a sense of what you and I came up with a few years ago in the throes of my recovery from shoulder surgery. And why that kind of gave us this idea to take two things that seemed quite unrelated at the time, which was my recovery from an injury, coupled with this idea that I'd been marinating around this idea of a centenary into Catholic and a marginal decade. And why we decided to kind of put these, the best ideas or the themes of these together. So how does that sound? Sounds great. All right. So let's see, you and I met four years ago as soon as I moved to Austin. Yep. And we were kind of just, I don't even remember what we worked on because I think it was just like preventative stuff, right? It was like, yeah, you really wanted me to come over. I think initially just doing some DNS stuff, like some routine maintenance things. And somewhere around this second or third visit, I was like, well, what's going on with this shoulder? And that kind of kicked off this whole conversation because, you know, in my world, this idea of just doing one technique or providing one service isn't really a complete approach. That's right. So you're right. We were probably a couple months in maybe. Yeah. And it was clear that I was nursing this bad shoulder. And I knew what was going on because I had torn the laborum before the diagnosis I remember was actually made in 2009. I had my first Arthur Graham in 2009 for folks listening, who don't know what that is. And Arthur Graham is an MRI where prior to you going in the scanner, the radiologist takes a needle about yay long, right? Like four inches long. Shutes the needle into the capsule and injects contrast so that it really allows the MRI to show the laborum and how much it's detached from the Gleenoid Fossa. And so it was, it was patently clear at that time. I had a torn laborum. It was significantly torn, but not as torn as it would be, you know, 12 years or 13 years later. But I had largely avoided surgery by, you know, doing as much as I could to strengthen the the rotator cuff. And frankly, I was afraid to have surgery. Right. That was the bottom line. Is I didn't want to trade one problem for another, meaning I didn't want to trade pain and instability for immobility. And I saw that as the trade off. Again, folks listening probably recall that I had a podcast that did a sit down discussion with who is the amazing surgeon, Alten Barron, who ultimately did the repair. But what I was most impressed by in that experience, which turned out to be wildly positive, was that immediately you and Alten started working as a team. And maybe you could talk a little bit about what you guys decided to do in the sixth, I think it was eight weeks we knew prior to surgery. We scheduled it such that you could do something before them. What was that discussion like? Yeah, I mean, Alten did an amazing job in a lot of ways. But one of the things as a rehab professional that I really appreciated was how he didn't want to just cinch down that joint to wear his liability was so covered that that shoulder would be strong. But you lost a ton of function. And I think that is one of the key things that he did for us was he did the right amount, he put the staples and the sutures and the right places to where that shoulder would be functional. And we got to your shoulder well before it became any kind of more significant structural compromise. So it's really important window to do so. But I do remember that conversation because you had a date several months out where you're like, I mean, I have to use my arm a lot. I need to be strong. Yeah, it was it was I basically I needed to be able to hunt in September. Yeah. So we backed out of that said the surgery needs to be no later than March. It was January. Yeah. And then the question was, should you do the surgery right away or do you use two months to pre-have? Yeah. And so tell me how you thought about that. Yeah, no. I mean, that conversation was one of my favorites because I've done this before where if we know the big picture goal as well as the near term surgical date and then we reverse engineer, okay, I want to check off a certain amount of things pre-operatively to where that joint is ready. And essentially, the most simple terms, what you're looking for in that situation, especially with the shoulder because it's such a mobile joint is you want to make all the muscles around the shoulder just awesome. But we need to do so in a way that doesn't make the surgery, you know, more complicated or injure you more, right? And so we did a lot of things where we did not only use technology like BFR, but we also used very aggressive approaches on your core stability, though you're scapula, interacted with your ribs and all these things haven't effect on how my shoulder moves. And if my really mobile shoulder that has a torn laborum isn't stable and doesn't have a support infrastructure around it, you're always just going to ask for more pain. But what the best thing about that is the day you got the surgery, we jumped on it really quick once things were healing from the surgery itself. All those other ancillary things were actually functioning really well. So now we only had to really target the shoulder itself because the rest of the human was really strong and ready. Yeah. And so the things that I remember which are probably fewer details than what you remember is one, how much rotator cuff work we did ahead of time, particularly around superspinatus. So we really got that muscle as strong as possible in eight weeks. And that's, you know, anybody who's gone through that type of rehab, which I'm sure many people listening have, it's uncomfortable. I mean, you're burning a little tiny muscle that you're not used to working that hard. The second thing that I remember and hands down the most important thing was what you and Alton decided to do postoperatively, completely shattered everyone's understanding of what we do with these patients. Right. So the traditional view is, especially this wasn't a slap tear. No. This was a complete, like the entire laborum was hanging by a thread. And normally, as you said, a surgeon's primary objective is, he, I'm going to make sure that this is never unstable again. I'm going to cinch this down really tight and you're going to be in a sling for four to six weeks. And that's going to give it plenty of time to heal. All of that sounds great. But you'll never regain your mobility. You'll never regain the range of motion. You want the healthy range of motion you had. And frankly, you'll probably atrophy away. Yeah. And so Alton said, no, we're going to have you out of a sling in 24 hours. And I was like, how is that going to be possible? Right. And yet we did. And again, there's no way he could have done that if you guys weren't partnering on this. So how was that even possible? And why does that fly in the face of everything we would think of? Well, I think the broader picture here is what we touched on, the liability and it's really difficult for modern physicians and rehab pros to integrate. Professional sports try to achieve this as well. But they have time constraints and all these other constraints with how many people they're working with. So ignoring all those layers, I think the most important thing is to know, all the I had these conversations in detail. And he was really specific about, okay, did we get the training we talked about? Is that supersponatus, the Seratis anterior? All these other muscles that help stabilize are those like really good? And I had some metrics I was able to discuss with him. And he felt really confident in the stability of your shoulders. So if we're speaking to a general population, I would say that no sling or sling decision was based on what we knew exactly what we did. The other thing is that you followed everything to a T. One of the big complications in rehab, athlete or not, is our people following the rules. Are we going to take this athlete or individual out of a sling? And are they going to forget about it? And all of a sudden go reach for the cereal? Or are they going to follow the rules? And you were definitely a rule follower. So he and I had a high confidence in minimizing the risk. Yeah, and that you know, truth be told, I learned a lot of that the hard way from my first orthopedic surgery back in 2000 when A, I'm not even convinced I received post operative instructions. And if I did, I didn't read them. And I was breaking every rule there was. So yeah, I was, you know, the stakes were higher here in a way. And I think I was very mindful. For example, you know, people myself included when you have surgery, you tend to go on YouTube to learn all about it. Right. Right. And I'm like, okay, I want to see everything. I want to watch the post operative. I want to watch the rehab process. And so one of the big milestones you see for people with laboral surgery is when they do, when they basically can dangle the arm and, you know, rotate like a lightweight. Yeah. And you know, all of them was really clear like, you're not going to be doing that for a while. Right. We're talking about range of motion. Right. Without stress on the repair. Right. And very early on, preoperatively and post, we were able to do very general but targeted isometrics where there wasn't complexity and the joint itself. But we were loading the tissues in a very articulate and specific way. And that's how you, again, put this support structure around it. I was kind of described as like the role cage in a car. Like we want all the muscles around that to be ready to absorb force. So those joint structures that are getting the staples or whatever else in there aren't stressed. Right. We don't want to yank on those things while they're healing. Yeah. So in parallel to this, right, I'm continuing to sort of refine my thinking around the idea that we're all going to have this marginal decade one day and it does come across a sort of a depressing thought. Right. Like nobody really wants to think about the idea that there will be a day when you knowingly are unknowingly enter the final decade of your life. But at the same time, you know, to act as though it's not true, won't make it not so. So I think it occurred to me that the more deliberate we can train for that last decade as though we are athletes, the more we can enjoy it. Because as I watch people in the final decade of their lives and I've had the both privilege and cursive seeing a lot of it, I believe that the thing people complain most about is what's taken away from them physically. Yeah. Now there are lots of people in the last decade of their life that are lonely because, you know, they were miserable sons of bitches and their family, you know, they don't have family or friends. Yeah. All of those thing, there are many people whose cognition has failed them long before their body has failed them and that can be very distressing. But if, if I'm really thinking about this in terms of large numbers, more than two thirds of people, I would say in the final decade of their life when they're really thinking about what's impacting the quality of their life, it's this, it's the physical part. That's the thing I've lost that I missed the most. And sometimes it could simply be freedom from pain, but more often it's restriction of activity. Yeah, totally. So you, I mean, but I mean, that's my biased experience. You see much more of this. Tell me what you think. Yeah, it's a really analogous to the Proathletes I've worked with as well where it's really interesting to see these mature athletes who've been playing their sport eight or 10 years and they're starting to kind of look this reality that their career is going to be over. And they start recalibrating how they train because they start thinking about the long term and what's really fun for me is when they start to get that perspective of it's not just about this weekend, it's about the long game here. And I think to your point, a lot of people out there have the best intentions and they're maybe even working hard, but there's no precision. It's nothing's accounting for their specific details, their nuances of their joints and how they move and how their body feels when they move and they're trust in their body and all these variables, right? And a lot of people are either want to put in the effort and don't know where to start or a lot of people are putting in the effort, but it's not calibrated. Yeah. And I kind of even began to observe that in myself, which was their word, a lot of activities that I was doing where I was doing them because I'd historically always done them. Yeah. Right. Like we fall in groove. This is a type of exercise I enjoy doing. This is a turk type of workout I enjoy doing. And then I had to kind of take an honest assessment of some of these and say, okay, for every activity, just like for every investment, there's a risk and there's a reward. And the way you might think about investing in your 20s is probably different from how you maybe should be thinking about investing in your 60s or 70s or beyond. And similarly, the risk and reward changes over time. So for example, when you're 20, the risk is just inherently lower because you have better tissue. Right. You, you know, you, you, you, you, you, we could go through all the reasons why inflammation, so that's since like everything that changes as you age reduces tissue quality. And younger people, I'm sure you see this all the time, can just get away with doing things incorrectly. In fact, I, I, I, would you agree that sometimes some of the most gifted athletes actually have horrible patterns of movement, but because they're so gifted, it doesn't seem to matter. Yeah. I mean, specialization is one, right? Some people just born jumpers and then you train it. They, they practice it when they play and they get better and better jumping, absolutely. But more over it, it's almost like we're set up for failure, right? We're set up with this baseline norm of I could bench press 225 when I was senior in high school, but then that individual is not accounting for the 20 years of lack of, lack of activity, lack of practice. They, they've, they've at your feet. And then they jump right back into the gym and then they hurt things where they feel like they quote, can't do it anymore. And the reality is it's all about capacity. It's like if you don't use it, you lose it. And a lot of us aren't really thinking about what if I actually actively lost from an activity standpoint. Is it jumping? Is it mass? Is it strength? All those variables that you spoke to? But I definitely see this a ton on the injury and pain side, right? Injury doesn't show up out of nowhere. It has reasons why it shows up and it's compounded by emotional stress and all these other kind of multifactorial things when our brain perceives threat, we feel pain. Absolutely. Sometimes that's a physical threat. Like I even jumped in a long time. I started jumping, all of a sudden I wake up my killies' sore. That doesn't mean I ruptured my killies. But it does mean I was not prepared for that movement because I kind of been on the shelf for long time. And so I think a lot of people with that investment strategy analogy is fantastic and they should really incorporate that is making sure they're accounting for all the buckets that their body needs to do, not just with what they want to do, but what we know people need. Right? Demographics, Western society, age, all these things play a role to like if you pull up to step the stats. A lot of people will have a high risk for low back or high risk for an ankle or whatever. Yeah, the jump is a great example because if I go back to when I was in my sort of training peak, right? So basically age 13 to 20. Yeah, call it those years when I was training a lot. Jumping was an enormous part of what I did. Yeah. There wasn't a day that I wasn't jumping. So for example, I was skipping rope 25 minutes every single day and lots of those are doubles. Right? So you really up there, absurd amounts of plyometrics. And then from basically 20 to my mid 40s, didn't jump at all, right? Like not a single jump. Yeah. And that became one of the realizations was, oh, you've lost a lot of tissue liability. Yeah. And so as one example, now something that I do a lot of is like low level jumping. Right? And you're right. Like sometimes I get really worried. I'm like, oh, man, I don't want to have an achilles rupture. Like that is the middle-aged man in general. Yeah. Like I'm playing soccer with my kid and I'm just waiting for it. Yeah. Right. I mean, again, in my private practice to see this all the time. But what I always tell people who is like, look at your kids. Like if you go to a coffee shop with your kids, I guarantee one of more run and jump off a rock and do a twist and land it. When was the last time one of us did that? Right. And that's why they say maintaining play and always playing games. And and now and actually increasing that to where it's randomized games. Right. Like you're actually reacting to things because there's a neuroplastic effects as well. It's right. Just for the tissues like rehearsed load on the achilles in the foot. If you go and get a job and you drive to work and you sit at your cubic all day and you drive home and you didn't jump, that times five or 20 years it's going to cause a lot of lack of capacity and your tissues that you don't want to like learn the hard way. That's right. Because all I'd been doing in the intervening 25 years was swimming, cycling, hiking, which is fine. But it's not jumping. It's not reactive and it's and so again part of what made me start to realize this was as my kids got old enough and I was now playing sports with them. When you play basketball, soccer and baseball with kids, you realize exactly what you just said. It's not a predictable movement. It's never the same movement exactly three-dimensional short-long, quick-slow. Yeah. A lot of variables there. Which actually gets to this the idea that people listening to us are probably very familiar with, which is the centenary into cathlan. Have you give me some of the things on your centenary into cathlan? Yeah. I think for me wrestling with my kids, which means getting down on the floor, having the flexibility, wrestling with my grandkids, wrestling. Yeah. That's big. Just like play. Right? Because I'm not a child driver. Yeah. Well, yeah. We're depending on the kid. Yeah. If they're my grandkids, maybe. But that's definitely a goal of mine is is that bonding that you get when little kids are wrestling on the ground and I saw my dad recently doing that and I thought that was really cool. He's over 70 and he's on the ground, messing with my three-year-old and it was just cool to see. That's how I added that to my list. I was like, that's really cool that it was hard for him. It wasn't easy, but he got down there and he could do it and he didn't suffer from it. That's one of mine for sure. As you know, I fell in love with rucking over the last couple of years. I want to be able to really crank out some mileage, especially national parks as I get older. I'm not looking to be an ultra-marathon or per se, but I really want to be able to hike long distances, probably with a pack on it. What's, so if you're in your marginal decade, how many pounds would be your expectation? Do you want to be able to do, you know, give me some numbers. How many miles? How many pounds? Yeah, I think my numbers will be a little distorted because I'm pretty big guy. I'm 63 over 200. So I should be able to carry at least 20 pounds without worrying about too much for four to six miles. Okay. I like that, cool. Yeah, I mean, I want to be reading this on what kind of terrain. So I would like to be able to not to technical, like I'm not thinking boulders and rocks, but I definitely like to go hills up and down dirt track, all that kind of stuff without having to worry about it. Okay. What else? Another one is, I grew up being an athlete. My youngest seems to be the more inclined to be an athlete. So as I age, I want to be able to hang with him as long as I can. So that means throwing hitting a baseball as long as possible, who knows how their career's will evolve from an athletic standpoint. But odds are they're not going to be pros. I really want to keep that base where I can keep playing with them as long as I can. But to me, it's all about being able to still play with the grandkids because families, one of the most important things out there. And if your grandpa sit there and could do cool stuff, I think that serves as a great role model. Whereas if you're suffering from an injury, you're not healthy, then they want to hang out with you. But at the same time, kids want to go do stuff. And I don't want to be left out. Yeah, I agree. I think as much as I think there are probably examples where, you know, the wise old grandpa or grandma can sit inside and tell stories to the kids. I mean, there's value in that. But I think there's even more value in going to their world. They typically don't want to come into your world. You'd have to go to their world. So you have to be able to go fishing, like, and again, people listening to us who have young kids should not waste the opportunity to observe what young kids do. Yeah. And yeah, there'll be different technologies in 25 or 30 years. But I think the principles will be the same. Yeah. The kids like to play. And therefore, playing with my kids today is giving me a dry run of what I want to be able to do in 30 years. Yeah. And if you are building up these areas of need or you're accidentally letting these certain athletic kind of movements fall by the wayside, all of the sudden you're like, oh, man, I can't do that anymore. You know, I love coaching my kids basketball team. And one of the other kids in our team, their grandpa was out in the court with us one day. And you know, he was, I think 74. And, you know, he wasn't, you know, doing a wooden milledunk or anything. But he was moving and he could shoot. And every kid there, their eyes lit up. They're like, Grandpa can shoot. That's crazy. That was a cool moment, you know. And that's why I put on my list of just playing with kids. Might be my whole CD. I, you know, my wife might have some different to say about that. But I think for me, it's like, if I can play and if I can do all those things, then I'm, I'm doing pretty well. When I first introduced this idea of the centenary into Catholic on to, to, you know, the first of our patients. This is before, of course, we started 10 squared. Yeah. Um, one of the bits of pushback I got a lot was, you know, especially from people who were like in their 30s and 40s. They were like Peter, yeah, I'm not that interested in like 80s and 90s. Like I, you keep talking about making me a kick ass 80 year old. Like, yeah, I want to be a kick ass 40 year old. Yeah. What's, what's wrong with that? What's the, what's the, what's the flaw on that logic? Well, it's to me, it's everyone's drawn to this high performance. Be awesome right now, right? And that's like a boom best strategy, right? You might pull it off, but you're high risk. And eventually, you'll hit the wall if you're, if we're a race car, right? But if we're thinking long term, then by default, if I'm going to be an awesome 70 year 80 year old, I kind of have to be an awesome 45 or 55 year old. Like we're going to be doing things now that make you crazy strong to help your lean muscle mass, the burns your fat, all those health risk things, but you're also going to be way more prepared for whatever life throws at you. And if your buddy talks you into going skiing or going to do a volleyball game or whatever else, you're going to be way more ready for it. If you're thinking long term and building this crazy robust foundation, rather than chasing the newest technique or the newest technology. Yeah, the analogy I used with people at the time because archery is something I enjoy is that, you know, what we're trying to do is train you to be exceptionally accurate at 100 yards. And you're telling me that you don't care about 100 yards, you just want to be accurate at 40 or 50 yards. And I'm telling you, trust me, if you're an ace at 100 yards, it's like shooting fish in a barrel at 40 yards. And this is where the analogy is actually has a deeper layer of truth, which is that's a very non-linear thing. 100 isn't just twice as difficult as 50. It's like four or five times more difficult. And similarly, you know, to be really fit and healthy at, you know, in your 90s, is a dramatically more demanding feat than, you know, just to be a fit 50 year old. Yeah, there's a lot stacked against you, plus like variables that we're not prepared for or we could roll our ankle, but give me somebody who's strong all day. And if they spring their ankle coming out of the bar, they're actually going to spring it less odds are, right? So all this like insulation and capacity we put around us with the individual goals is crucial to prevent injury. And these injuries can stack up and cause a lot of trouble. And then we get less healthy. And that's how you get these multipliers where I was on track to be really good, but this knee arthritis or this multiple meniscus repairs I had to get because I wasn't stable caused me to actually lose my hiking ability. And then I'll send my gut less healthy. Let's fast forward a little bit, basically as I'm kind of getting better from the shoulder thing and realizing how fortunate I feel to have had this experience where, you know, I've known Altan for a while, then I met you. It's this kind of great connection. I sort of say, hey man, what do you think about this idea of we kind of build this separate little business that just focuses on the training piece that's outside of my practice, outside of your practice, but integrates it with everything that's necessary to train a person for the marginal decade. So you bring in all of the cardio training, you bring in all of the strength and conditioning, you bring in the coaches to integrate the whole thing. So okay, we're doing that now. Of all the things we do in 10 squared, I still think that your domain is the hardest for people to wrap their heads around. I think people understand, oh yeah, you guys, you guys will help me get a high VO2 Max. And you'll boost my zone two and you're going to make me stronger and bubble how do clients look at you? What are they on? What are they? What are they? What are they? Figure is going on with you. It's funny you say that because it always takes them like the assessment takes you know two days and we're looking under the hood a lot in a lot of different ways. And it's funny how they evolve like their perspective of it because you know what I was kind of forced to do in my career was become this, you know, I had I had experienced working with teams and all that other stuff, but I kind of became an offseason person for these athletes. And by default, I had almost become a strength coach, not because I wanted to that was my goal, but because these athletes needed that bridge from I'm injured to I might be injured to hey, I've got the green life for performance. And that spectrum we're always all humans are moving up and down that spectrum based on our recovery and all these variables, right? So what's been fun at 10 squared is I get to do all the assessment I want and it's not really a clinical assessment, right? On the one hand, we're of course looking at things that either have pain or that individual member has had a previous injury with and we're accounting for that and we're making sure that's on track or could be improved and we add those things, but then I also get to play around and look at what else is weak? What is this individual at risk for? So one example is we have a client who loves to surf. He's got a shoulder issue. So by default, surfing and swimming on a surfboard is a different position than a traditional freestyle stroke. So we had to make his shoulder uniquely robust in certain directions. And so that's part of his strength program. One of my biggest pet peeves in the rehab world is when people give someone 30 exercises that are really tedious and boring and no human sticks to that. They might do it for a week or two, but if it's not bridging to what they love and what they want to do, and we'll get there. So if we can bake in, having making ensuring that all the strength training won't make them worse, and then also make sure that we're baking in their little corrective exercises or improving the gaps, that's where you make a huge difference into how someone feels, but also how they can perform. So what are some of the things you see that, and I'm not asking this to be critical of what other rehab professionals do, but as a person listening to us who says, look, man, I've been kind of not getting better. I've had fill in the blank injury, so I've had tennis elbow that won't get better. I've had lower back pain that's just not getting better. I've had shoulder pain that's not getting better. How do you help that person think about whether or not there's an underlying structural problem that needs a surgical intervention or a more direct intervention versus, you're not being instructed to do the right things and or you're being instructed and you're not doing it. Like how do you walk somebody through that tree? Yeah, that's obviously to have you lived with law details. I think the first rule is the medical community, so your orthopedic surgeon or your neurologist and your rehab pro have to be in sync and have a relationship. And how often is that happening? I mean, it's very rare. Like what's really interesting is the philosophy and the individual just spirit of either the surgeon or the rehab pro, they have to be kind of committed to the service oriented field. Like if they're just doing it for money, they're going to do scale and they're going to do like the PT mill that there's four clients with one therapist and that therapist is probably doing the best they can, but they're just kind of outnumbered, right? And they're not accounting for this four different people all at once. So first off, it has to be one on one, right? Like you cannot tell me that you're rehabbing you the same way you could rehab my grandma who had a shoulder issue. Wait, are you saying that let's go sound like an ignorant question. Yeah. Are you saying that in some facilities, one PT will work with multiple clients at the same time and put them through the same workouts? Yes. Even if they're they have, even if they're quite different. Yes. Oh yeah. Typically it's a very cookie cutter approach. I see. And usually it's an insurance model thing, where you know they know that these certain exercises and putting ice or stem is going to be reimbursed by the insurance company. So the PT clinic is going to do that on everybody regardless of what they need. So that's one of the biggest pitfalls is it's never one on one. It's not custom. I mean in the same way I've had pro athletes come in and we're supposed to do shoulder rehab that day and the night before they did a ton of stuff to their shoulder. So I guess what? I'm not doing anything. Right? Like they actually need to recover that day. It needs to be customized, right? But to go back to your original question of how do people navigate this world? I think your rehab clinic needs to do more than just offer services. They need offer a plan. Right? This idea that, okay, this is what I offer. I offer cupping or dry needleing or whatever it could be. One service doesn't ever fix anyone and it definitely doesn't increase their capacity over time. The magic order of capacities what's all about. Are you building me back to what I want to do? So if your rehab clinic is a bunch of passive modalities on tables and a bunch of texts do an ultra sound and stuff, that's a red flag for me because they're not going to build you to get stronger and stronger. Number two is the orthopedic needs to actually be hunting down that physical therapy. So excuse me, a lot of times when I see the orthopedic world is they have to give their clients something for rehab guidance, right? Because they're not totally sure if their clients going to go to rehab can they afford one on one and all these other factors. So they give them this handout. Well a lot of times this handout is from 30 years ago and it's the same five or six could kick out our exercises, but then there's no accountability, there's no nuance. So there's just a lot of holes in this path to try to get your shoulder or your back or your knee from it hurts. Do I need surgery or not? Built all the way back up to you. I can do whatever I want. Now is this taking the extreme example of the other end, right, which is professional athletes. So you work with a lot of them. You work with golfers, football players, basketball and baseball players typically. Is there any other type of athlete I'm missing? I've had some incidental tennis people. It's okay. A lot of runners too. Yeah. Now some of those athletes come with deeper pockets than others and come from leagues where, you know, or so. So when you're talking about, you know, the NFL players, for example, is that problem completely solved? No, not at all. And there's a lot of environmental problems, right? So one of the biggest issues with all these people and I know I have friends that work with all these professional teams that are great and they're kind of handcuffed because they only have their athlete for so long. So you all of a sudden get this multiple cooks in the kitchen problem where even if everyone has the no ego and the best of intentions and their most science-based people, they're still not sure, okay, what'd you do last week? What are we trying to do? Are you in a contract year? Like there's so many variables for pro athletes. So in a weird way, a professional sports is wellness upside down, right? It's how can we get the most out of this athlete, this commodity for their contract? And that's not really a long term play. And so that's what's been really interesting at 10 squared. As we've had some pro athletes approach us with like this idea of, hey, can you guys be my reliable, like you're invested in me only and be my oversight? Like where are my gaps? Is this okay? Should I play through this pain? Because there are times you play through pain, there's times you don't, right? But the most important thing is this idea of having one person driving the bus who knows all your variables. Because if someone comes to us and changes their sentientering to Catfly, like they want to change one item, like hey, I really want to start doing jump rope every day. And then we look at their testing, we're like, look, you're high risk for Achilles. Let's begin your program. Some really good, articulate smart strengthening to get you there, rather than just hope it works out. So how do you guys do that? So, I never, I didn't ask her in advance if we could do this. So we might have to edit this out of our discussion. But can we use my wife as an example? So my wife is a client at 10 squared, right? Great example. So, so Jels are runner. Yeah. Like a little deer runs runs runs run run. Yeah. And so, so I don't, I'm pretty hands off. I'm very hands off anything that has to do with her. I'm already my design. Can you, can you tell us a little bit about her? Yeah. And, and what did you learn when you did an assessment of her? And how did that impact how she works with the other members of the team on the cardio side, on the strength and conditioning side? Yeah, other than saying that she's a saint for having signed up with you. You want me to talk, okay. Yeah. So, Jel was a great example of, she had some pain when she showed up. And again, I'll just talk about a detail and she can delete if she wants. But, Jel's a really great example because she had some pain when she showed up. So my job immediately is evaluate that pain. Is that a structural insufficiency? Are we worried about a real injury here? Or is that just an annoying nuance, right? Based on the testing I did. So, I did my clinical exam, but way more detailed than I normally would in my private practice because the 10 squared we have the time. And we want to remove confirmation bias. So, we don't want me to say, oh, your hamstring hurts, let's order number eye. Like, let's test it six ways and in a smart conservative way. And if all six of those indicate that, then we're going to do a number eye. Right? So, with Jel, we saw some proxmal hamstring issues. She's, of course, like you mentioned in Durin's athlete, her profile, her demographics, her running history, all pointed to there might be a tendonopathy there. And then based on my testing, it reinforced that. So, I said, let's get an MRI. Let's really evaluate this tendon because we knew in the near term within a year she wanted to run Boston. And as a injury person, I saw this as, look, she's okay now, but it hurts. Once we start stacking up her mileage, that thing's going to get in the way. Well, there's another detail here that I do recall, which obviously you recall as well, but it might be worth pointing this out to the listener. So, she normally only runs one marathon a year. Right. Last year she ran to, she ran her Boston qualifying marathon, which I think was Chicago or Houston or something like that. Yeah. And then got into the London marathon and went and ran that seven weeks later. Yep. And started to get for the first time ever a little bit of knee pain. And the other knee, the other knee, the side that was totally okay. So, can you explain why you didn't think that was a coincidence? Very much so. So, that story kind of perked my ears up, right, that history. And I saw her for an knee pain and brief to get her through London and that kind of stuff. But the way runners move, a lot of people don't appreciate, but running, even though I'm moving straight ahead, is technically a unilateral or single leg rotation propulsion drill. Explain what that means because it's counterintuitive. It really is. So, golfers are actually the same. They're single leg actually rotates to create that torque. So, what happens is my favorite term that's out there right now is called the spinal engine, which is really speaks to this reciprocal movement of the spine on top of the pelvis. And then my feet through the ground. So, those three domains, if you will, work in unison to propel me forward. It's a lot like with sailing, like you put the sail relative to the wind and it points me into direction. Yes. And so, all three of those domains have to work in sync. And so, when I all of a sudden see an athlete like Jill, she wasn't new to running. She definitely added her volume in a short window, which is a great recipe for injury. But that right knee flaring up told me, okay, there's something going on at either her feet or her pelvis that's not in sync. Because she essentially, with her mileage overloaded that right knee and created a repetitive stress injury. So, that's why I was saying earlier injuries don't just show up for fun, right? The great Almighty Bubbed and say, Jill, it's here right knee pain today, right? And so, whenever you see a story like that, and then you do the evaluation. And the way her pelvis was rotating, the way her core and her spine were set up. And also the way that left hamstring was affecting her motion. She was basically dumping into that right knee over and over. 10 miles for someone like her, no big deal. You stack up two marathon's pretty close with that much mileage. All of a sudden that right knee really flares up. And so, the right knee flare was actually an indicator of something else going on functionally. And it wasn't only about making her knee better, which is what traditional medicine does is like, okay, rest it, ice it, mocks, cam, treatment, rehab, chiro, whatever. And then the knees better. And then traditionally, those people go run again and three or five months later, it comes back. So we need to look at these asymmetries everywhere else, not just the side of pain. And so, if the knee is caused by the hamstring, what do you think is the cause of the hamstring injury? And why are women, middle-aged women, so susceptible to this injury? Yeah, great question. I think, demographically, you know, a lot of middle-aged women, it's getting way better, but don't strengthen ring number one. So the health of their tendons and the muscle fibers and the mass of the muscles just aren't normally as high and as strong as someone else, especially if they're an endurance athlete, right? Because typically, runners nowadays know that they need a cross-trained, but how they're doing and what looks like it's still a big gap in my opinion, right? So using the word cause is always tricking by my canics, but because it's always kind of like the snake eats the tail. They're all kind of intertwined, but the most simple way of describing it is that tendon overuse and what we found out with her MRI is that she had a true tendonopathy damaged to that proximal hamstring tendon, as well as one of the hip rotators that inserts on the same site next to that hamstring, had a little damage in irritation. That area was a byproduct of the way she was rotating through her pelvis and the way that spinal counter rotation was happening. Jill has a tiny bit of scoliosis, which just sets her up for that asymmetry, and so her brain subconsciously was basically forced with the decision of, do I jam my right low back or do I really try to pull with that left hamstring? And that combination over time created a little frame in the tendon. And the other thing I would add to this, which I suspect any woman listening to us, whose had kids will appreciate is even though Jill is tiny, she said her body never went back to pre-pregnancy. So if she talks about how she used to run before 2008, so our first child was born in 2008, and she ran a bunch of marathons before then, and then she's run a bunch of marathons since, and she weighs the same. This is not like, you know, she's been very fortunate in that regard that her body weight has changed my period of time, but she says she cannot buy a mechanically do what she used to be able to do. Now, when I hear that, I assume her pelvis was mechanically changed by having kids, and she feels it, but she can articulate it, nor can I necessarily, but she just says there's something different. I don't run, she felt like she used to float. And now she feels like she runs. Yeah, right, she's colliding. Yeah, I could definitely see that and I think a lot of women feel that way. My wife had the same experience. I think one of the biggest crimes in modern medicine today is that, you know, a running back, if we blow an ACL, we know exactly what to do, and there's a protocol, and everyone's like, okay, and eight months, this athlete will be back, but women, everyone cares about the baby, right? The baby's born even the mom cares about the baby. They sacrificed their own body just to make sure this, this little creature grows up and gets everything in needs, right? And so this focus on what women need the first year after is very lacking in my opinion. I hope somebody's listening to us, by the way, it's thinking of another type of a 10 squared, which is like, absolutely. What are we doing for women immediately post baby? Yeah. And again, it's, you know, vaginal and c section is too totally different operations or too don't you think too different? But there should be really robust, you know, rehab paths to get them back in amazing shape immediately as opposed to, yeah, well, we'll come back to this in 10 years. Yeah. Well, I mean, the complexity of what they deal with is fascinating, right? Because not only do they just add weight by adding this human, the relaxing hormone creates areas of stress and laxity that will shorten up and tighten up over time. Yeah. But it affects different women differently. Some women's feet change, right? In that environment of more relaxing and caring more weight, the arch and the foot gets affected. And so, in a way, I always look at it, it's like, okay, all these areas suffered a little bit of what you might call as an injury. But let's look at it, like, okay, it's a natural process. But how do we account for all these layers? Like, no one out there is telling women to do foot strengthening when there are two months pregnant, right? But they should be. I wouldn't have thought of it until you just said it now. Yeah. No, I mean, literally women just like we did for your shoulder. If you've found out your pregnant, you should start doing some foot strengthening things, some core stability stuff, making sure your motion. There's a ton of things you could do. Pre-hop, right? And then after, obviously, you know, God willing to say how goes and get the baby good. But then you start trying to strengthen the right way, you know? And I think there's something about the pelvic floor that is absolutely decimated in pregnancy or delivery, more to the point. Yeah. And I deep down believe, no pun intended, that that's a part of what is gone wrong in her hamstring. And I see this in many of her friends, right? Yeah. Because they'll come, you know, this is like very common complaint is that is, and then it doesn't present as even a hamstring injury. It presents as either knee injury or a high, like an Istio-Tuberosity pain, which is like the sit bone. And they say, oh, I just, I don't, I'm not, I'm not going to sit. I want to sit. Oh, yeah. One of my favorite words, the exercises down. He called me and he's a hip-ortho, great guy. And he's like, hey, you know, you got to help me out here. My wife has the same issue. And she's been doing traditional PT for like eight months and it's no better. And she's about to fire me, you know, because she's like, what are you doing? You know, but it's a very common thing. And that's what's been really cool for me to see these pelvic floor specialists that are rising. It's really cool field. A ton of expertise with it. I am not an expert in pelvic floor binding means. But like you touched on the pelvic floor is very much a big player and how we pressurize our interbdomal stability. It's basically the flooring of that whole canister that we're supposed to create with proximal stability. And so if the diaphragm or the pelvic floor is in doing its job, then our body's going to immediately start to compensate and create rotations and tilt around things. Let's, let's talk for a minute about the, the core. Like, again, I hate the term because it's so misused. But the way we talk about it is probably most closely aligned with how DNS thinks about it, dynamic neurmuscular stabilization. So maybe just say a moment about it through, through the lens that we think about the core as a cylinder. Yeah. Um, as opposed to quote unquote abs. Yeah, exactly. I think that's the starting point that I wish everyone could, automatically understand is that if you have a really prominent rectus abdominus that's six pack, that has nothing to do with how you stabilize your trunk, especially if I'm doing things in multi planes like tilting and rotating. So it's not just your oblique see there, but it's the deep stabilization system that not only pressurizes with our diaphragm, the pelvic floor, but it's also all the small muscles up and down my spine, including like multi-foot eye. Do all those muscles kick on and create stiffness in the right way at the right time. I think a lot of times people are accidentally overcoached into thinking they only need stiffness because the, the second step to that is, okay, now I can activate that deep stabilization system. I have that bracing. I'm pressurized. I'm using my transverse abdominus. All these other structures down there. Now can I do that with motion, right? And that's where you start looking at someone kicking or running or throwing, like that needs to be a dynamic system, not just a stiff system. And I think a lot of people, they don't have the first one. So they see a ton of these exercises like the DNS three month or dead bugs or whatever else you want to call them that create kind of deep core stabilization. But they don't see the next step after that, which is, okay, now how do I maintain that pillar and that strength and then I get a free shoulder blade or a free hip to move. And one of our shared clients, he had a lot of ridiculous nerve pain from a disc issue. And he was convinced, you know, he had some of that. But one of the most fascinating cases for me in recent memory because with him, we were able to actually find a trigger point that referred pain that mimicked that ridiculous nerve pain. So when we literally pressed on his glute minimus, he got referral that he thought was a tribute to his back, right? So that was it window towards, okay, that's a muscular issue. That's not your spine causing trouble. And then we gave him these stabilization drills which helped that glute just kind of relax for once. What we see all the time in the clinic setting is muscles are meant to be a muscle. My bicep is meant to contract in relax. It's not meant to be a shoulder stabilizer. But if my stabilization isn't doing its thing, then that bicep and the trap and all these other muscles try to help. And that's where we lose freedom of movement. But because your body is essentially perceiving a little threat, a little instability, and so it tightens other structures up. So then I see people coming in our office saying, will you try needle this or work on me or do soft tissue work? And you're like, yeah, but that's going to be the good of the stretch place. That's going to be a six hour benefit. But if we activate this deep stabilization system and get all the parts moving in unison and in sync, all the sudden those movement problems go away and you're much more robust and strong. Yeah, there's so much I want to say on this and I don't want to lose the thread, but I'll sort of say two things that that seem unrelated, but they're quite related. The first is, I wish there was another word for stability that didn't imply static. Yes, because stability and we just we we we sort of think of that as things that are not moving. Yeah, right? So rigid, stable, etc. But the true way to appreciate stability is kinetic stability. That's why in the book, which I know you haven't read, but if you do read it one day, no, I'm not too busy. I know. In the section of the book where I write about stability, the analogy I use much against the desire of my publisher who hated it was that of a race car. Because you can think in like, how does a race car explains stability? But if anybody's driven a race car or if you haven't, if you can take my word for it, one of the fundamental differences between a race car and a street car is that in a race car, you're transferring much more of that horsepower to the tires than you are in a street car. In a street car, a lot of energy seeps out because the chassis is not very stable. Right. And you might say, well, why? Well, in the case of a car, it's because it's more comfortable. Yeah, you know, race cars are not being optimized for comfort, they're being optimized for performance. If you're optimizing for performance, you actually want more stability in the chassis and the suspension so that you're transmitting more force to the tires and the tires to the surface. And similarly, when you think about an individual who has stability, they are able to transmit force much more directly to the outside world and they are able to receive force more safely from the outside world. Yeah. And that's why like no matter how long you ever gave me, I could never throw a hundred mile an hour fastball. And it's not that I don't have this strength. I'm sure that if you put even the, you know, even if you put a 20 year old version of me next to a picture, I could out, I could have outdone him in every measure of strength. But I didn't have this stability to be in motion and stabilize the capsule of my shoulder and transmit force like a whip through my arm. Yeah. And so you wouldn't look at a picture and thinks that's stability. But it's remarkable stability. Dynamics stability, absolutely. And there's a ton of analogies I've heard over the years. I'm not a car expert like you, but one of the ones I've used a lot in my practice is, you know, for while I had this really old truck that we were working on. And it was like a mid 80s Chevy kind of thing. And when you turn the wheel from, you know, my hands are at let's say nine and three, it wouldn't turn until my hands got to like 12. The steering on that thing was sluggish, right? So that dynamic stability, it wasn't very good, right? Whereas like an F1 car, a go car, that thing moves with the micro movement. So if you translate that to the human body, anybody listening, if I said, hey, do a skater hop or you leap laterally from one side to the other, how you land and how you can you stick that landing or are you falling over as you go? Yeah. So, and there's a million variables involved there. But the big ones, of course, are your rate of force, like can you absorb that? Can all your tissues, the arch, the killy, the IT band, the hip, your core, can all those tissues kick on at the same time to create stiffness. Number one, and a precursor to that is where's your balance? Like to generate that first force, where you organized or did you have to like throw your head in the hands a weird way to generate the force? But now I'm not in an optimum landing position. So what a lot of times you see in youth athletes is people rush to put strength on them, but a really good strength coach can put strength on a college athlete, you know, in eight weeks, right? But do they have speed? Do they have organized movement? Are they quick in all planes of motion? Is there balance really good? Because now my nervous system, my software is ready to absorb all these things. And then you put strength on top of that, that's a great athlete. And a lot of these genetic people that are just naturally really good, they have some of that kind of underlying ability to where they can land and organize well. And then later they put strength on. You know, pick a sport and you can show me somebody who was really athletic and they weren't really big and strong, but you can put the strength on later. And that's one of my biggest kind of personal passions is these like 14 to 15 year olds who just get buried in the gym and then they tweaked their back. I had one local team where it was a golf team and about 30% of their athletes had a stress fraction in their limers mind. Oh my, what? Yeah, it was absurd. How was the strength coach not getting fired? So I reached out to the head coach and the strength coach and to give all these people a little bit of a past, they're not really equipped because they're managing 200 kids. I think it's just a bad setup. Right? You have 200 athletes that you're supposedly managing a program for. And you're not watching technique whether or not you know what you're talking about. It's a whole another argument. But like the idea of, okay, we're going to do a high performance on a 14 year old and put strength on them. But no one's watching technique or teaching them the foundations of lifting. While at the same time, they're 14. We should be making them quick athletic and coordinated first because that's a platform you want to build an athlete on. You don't want to make a kid really slow but really strong when they're 15. Right? Because you can't train. It's really hard to train speed as you go there. Yeah. What is it that you see? So when a client comes into 10 square and you do an assessment, how do you gauge how far they are away from being able to do the dynamic movements? How are you engaging? What are you testing? What are you looking for to say? Yeah, this person could start doing plies. Like for example, one thing I love doing. It's kind of one of my, I don't have this on my centenary into Kaiflan list because we're being so strict about that only having 10 things. But I have kind of a side list of things that I want to be able to do. Like I want to know how late in life. I can maintain certain metrics. And one of them is how late in life can I still do a broad jump of my height. Cool. So why is that something I enjoy doing? Because it combines two things. It combines the concentric strength and power to be able to leap. But even more importantly, and at least as difficult is it requires the eccentric strength to land decelerate really quickly. Yeah. So how do you know when you look at someone if they're ready to do that, for example? Yeah. So we did a ton of work. And the literature and the science is out there to a degree for you stack things on top of themselves. So you start with isometric. And you progress people to more kind of in explosive or compound movements. Right? So let's assume that I don't have any injury risks at all. And you would determine that based on just my history? No, a testing. Yeah. A history testing, demographic risk. There's a lot of variables we look into for having concern about like musculoskeletal injury. That's number one. But yeah, every person is different that way. And we've had people come in who've had multiple surgeries and injuries. And then we've had other people come in who they're high risk for injury. But overall they're pretty good package to work with. Right? There's not a medical concern, if you will. So ignoring all the medical side of it, you basically, I really like following the principle that the exercise is the test. Because we basically look at everything about four to five different ways. But if I watch someone do, let's say a wall squat. So just to be clear, people understand a wall squat is just the level one. It's isometric. Isometric load. It's what we all used to do in like high school practices, where a burned your claws and your patella tendons. And we can even set you up to where you're on the right position. So that's going to tell us a comfort with the position number one. Right? Can they even get there? So tell me what is failure constituted by pain or not doing it for a certain length of time? Which we said we have has a qualitative and a quantitative associate. So the quantitative we have minimums or it's either time or percentage is a body weights for every test or distance is like you mentioned on the broad jump. But then there's also like how does it look? And then the how it looks one is the vague part of the movement world. So you're going to have your coach and myself both looking at it. But then we have other ways where we're confirming that with our motion capture machines, with our force plates, with our videos that analyze the movement. So there's a lot of ways to confirm. You can also see these things kind of cross over, right? So how does someone do on the double leg versus single leg? It gives us a really nice window to okay, where is the lack? Great example, two leg really strong. They're solid. We put them on single leg and they're abnormally less functional and weak and do have the range. So I'm immediately thinking okay, there's a balance control issue here. Because on two legs, I'm really stable. But on one leg, I'm significantly less stable and it's much more complex for the body. And so if there's scores, even though they're strong and there are quads have the capacity. But when they're on single leg, they're they're not strong and they can't stabilize. That gives me a window right away as saying this person has a major balance risk or things like that. And in the case of that individual, do you not progress them? No, we find their floor and we build from there. So some people will have really cool robust, you know, Instagram where the exercises for one region. But in another area, we're filling in gaps. We're building foundations and we're basically building them up from wherever those floors are. And the key for us is this big grid we have where we have every category movement we care about and then we build them from their floor. So what I always kind of, I'm really visual person. But I always say, okay, we have this baseline floor. Maybe for their upper body pole, they're on the third floor, they're bad ass they're killing it. But then their core stability in one plane is like in the basement. Like I'm worried about a lumbar stenosis or an nervous you. So that takes precedence first because I don't want this person to experience pain. And I want to build them up to where they're all on the first second, third floor of the building. Okay, so let's go back to jail for a minute. So we have this diagnosis, which is, okay, we've sort of figured out why your knee is hurting. We now have a radiographic diagnosis, that completely comports with what's being seen on the physical exam and symptoms. These are stubborn injuries. Yes. So what's the, what was the next step? So the next step was immediately, you have to have a part's approach first. Right? If I have a damage part, we've got to make sure does that need an intervention or not? How are we going to address that? So with Jill, we knew her foundational like underlying movement patterns or disfunctions, if you will, that were contributing to that. So we put a package together for her program, that was all of those underlying structural functional issues that didn't make the hamstring worse. We started building those right away. While we considered play the rich plasma, and she actually ended up going for it to create essentially regeneration of that tendon at the damage site, which she did perfect with. We had to have a lot of come to Jesus conversations about, you cannot run too soon. If we're going to go through all this trouble and financial costs, we want to make sure that that can heal as much as it can. So everything we did in her programming was to ensure we didn't flare that up. And then conversely, we really communicate with not just the strength team at 10 squared, but also her physical therapist off site and her running coach. And all of us had to put together this six month plan where her running coach didn't actually flare it up, right? Because he does have a window to everything we're doing. He definitely needs to talk to the PT as did we to where she could quote, get medically cleared. I should know this because I live with her. But I don't remember exactly how long she actually had to stop running. And I mean, I know that it was right after the first and second PRP injections. But does eight weeks sound about right? Yeah. So because of her timing for the race and she wants to run Boston, we had a little extra runway. So the more healing time you can get the better, we have a lot of people who are like really impatient dying here. If you're a pro athlete, you might not have that luxury, right? But that's what's been fun for me about 10 squared. I don't have all these environmental constraints. I could just get to look at people. When you're training for an event that's 30 years from now, you got to take short cuts. Yeah, let's take a breath and be really detailed, right? And so with Jill, the PM and R docks and the physiatrist will always kind of give you different amounts. But usually two rounds for her issue. So you do one round of PRP, basically do nothing and then you do another round about two weeks later. And then you slowly let that heal and you start to add physical therapy. So with Jill total time, we were doing a ton of stuff around the area of the injection right away. Like that's imperative. You don't stop everything. You just protect the area and you train everything else. So that is going to be one of the reasons why we get a lost success with her. And then back that up with, we really did targeted physical therapy for that site to promote the healing. So the physical therapy side, they're using a ton of things like BFR, dry kneeling, we're necessary. Everything you can just help those parts heal, foster that growth hormone, foster that protein synthesis, build that muscle up without a lot of force and the tendon, all those things that a traditional physical therapist that knows what they're doing, they can crush that. Yeah, and she for eight weeks had to swim. Yeah. So she was pleasantly open-minded. It's hard for every athlete to not do their support. I get that. But I've delivered that medicine over and over for a long time. And so she swam. So she didn't lose any true cardio, right? She yes, she lost a little bit of running strength. But someone with her background and her base and then keeping everything else really strong, she's going to hit the ground running and she's running now and doing really well. And so I always say I have two athletes. I've athlete that I've encouraged. Like it's okay. Those tend to be more of your traumatic acute like ACL type people where you got to show them in the lab and show them in the gym that it is okay. Keep pushing, you're good. And then I have the other athletes where you have to hold them back. Right? And so Jill's going to be that one like, let me go, let me go. And we have to play back cop just enough where science supports that. So where she doesn't flare it up again, because we need her to have a nice smooth progression. I'd rather her be really balanced and athletic and strong and feeling good on race day, not like a bunch of junk miles in that tendon and the knees starting to hurt her again and stuff like that. All right. So let's pick another type of client that you'd see at 10 squared, which is maybe somebody who comes in who doesn't have a great training history. Yeah. They don't have, they've never really been an athlete. Right. Um, and, but, but they, but they, the thesis really resonates. They sort of go, you know what? Like I get it, man. Like this is like I feel fine now. Even though I'm not particularly athletic and I'm not training a lot, but I'm young enough that it hasn't caught up with me yet. You know, I'm in my 40s or whatever. Yeah. Um, but I now accept that when I do my test, like because those people don't typically do very well on the assessment because it exposes, you can't, you can't hide from not having done the work. Yeah. Um, so how do you think about like where to start when there is so much work to do? So you talked earlier about, you know, this is on the second floor. This is on the first floor. This is on the penthouse. This is in the basement. We're going to focus on the basement. What do you do when everything is first floor basement? Yeah. So great question. I think number one we got to build the habit. So that's a big part of this is when your coach is basically in contact with you every day as much as you want to help bend and twist and develop that formula, to swear that person is actually encouraged to do it. They enjoy it. They like it. I've had people tell me, yeah, this core stuff makes sense, but I just hate getting on the floor. Okay, we got to pivot and change the program, right? Because if I just try to convince you to do an exercise that you hate doing, it's not going to last. That's number one. Number two is we want to really mitigate the risks of injury because those just you get some momentum going on the psychological habit side. And then, ugh, I pulled my hamstring. I'm devastated, right? So we got to get those foundations going. But then usually we look at the medical risk side. So some people, the CPAD test was terrible, right? Their VO2 numbers are bad. You know, in our society, you got to have a good heart. We want to get that off the table from a risk factor. So we'll probably really put that routine cardio in in a manner in which we don't flare up the things that could create an injury. So one client we had recently, he didn't know it. He didn't bring it up. He's never had leg or foot issues at all. But his testing, his calves, he's a big fall risk. His calves were crazy week. His balance wasn't good because he didn't have strength and he's definitely a high risk for an Achilles. How old is this person? 52. You wouldn't expect to see that in somebody so young, right? Yeah, but he just poured himself into his career and really successful, really smart, cool guy. But he just hasn't trained a lot of and he had kind of a health scare, which is what motivated him to get organized. Let's get this stuff right. You know, it's interesting to see his really successful, like analytical brain, use that scare to be like, okay, I got to get, I got to get sorted out. You can see he operates his business the same way, right? Problem identification, what's a solution? Problem solution, problem solution. So with him, he didn't know he had any of these risk factors, but he was a textbook for having a fall or blowing out his Achilles because of the weakness and the lack of capacity and strength he had. And if you were to handicap that, like, how many years away would he have been from something like that being quite likely? Is it something he's going to have before he was 60? Yeah, he's definitely in that bucket of he could have been, you know, it's a little fear of injury, but like he wasn't set up to like having to change direction quickly, or maybe trips off a curb after dinner in New York, right? Like he could have had something like that easily, right? Bit guy too. So, you know, top heavy, just like me, big tree fall hard. So with him, he wasn't even aware of that weakness, but the last thing we're going to do is give him a running program, right? Like we got to design his CPET stuff and his VO2 max training and his own two training around these inefficiencies with his body. And so the workout in the gym needs to link up perfectly with those risks and also what is the most important thing for him right now. It's not difficult to communicate to clients because did they ever feel like, hey, I'm not doing enough? Oh, yeah, a lot of people are overwhelmed, but what's been really nice is the data, but then the calibration. And so what's been really cool with some of our clients we've had for several months now is consistency is always the name of the game, especially when we're playing the long game, like we are. And with someone's going on a two-week vacation, we want to know, where are you staying? What is the gym look like? We will change your workout so that you can keep doing it while you're on vacation. And if you tell us, look guys, I'm going to be really active in the day. I kind of want to decompress. I've been working in my basement garage really hard for three months. Great, let's take care of the total human. Let's give him a 30 minute, like, small thing to where you can almost have that lightning of like the mental load, just decompressed, but he's still making gains and he's still building that up, right? That's what's been fun for me that I almost never got the chance to do, even though I wanted to with some of my athletes because there would be so many variables in the way. With this, if we get a video of your gym and we know, okay, they don't have a bench that goes to incline, but we do have TRX and they have a treadmill that goes to incline, but they don't have a bike. We can change their workout to where they keep marching along and it's an agreeable way for them. And it's not just like, oh, I was on vacation, I didn't work out for two weeks. Because you can also actually, if you don't work out for two weeks, we go backwards. That's a bummer. Yeah, this idea about foot reactivity is so important, right? I think, I've been much more attentive to it in the past couple of years and I've noticed the number of times when I've lost my footing and regained it. I've never had a fall. It's never resulted in anything because it's been it's been caught. But I keep thinking to myself, like, this is the type of slip that can be devastating. And I don't know how long I'll, like, I don't know how long because these are really type two fibers that are doing it and the type two fibers atrophying as we age. And is the jumping, is the types of jumping things that we do sufficient to preserve it? Like, what, you know, if you're someone like me and you who part of our CD involves probably walking on uneven surfaces one day. Yeah. So being at whether for you it's rocking for me, it's maybe going out and hunting or something like that. Like, you're not walking on pavement. Right. And you're not even just walking on, like, beautifully manicured grass. Yeah, it's slanted to the side. It's like pebble gravel. Yeah. Like, you're always going to lose your footing somehow and you have to be able to regain it. What are the most important exercises that you need to be doing to maintain all of the characteristics of tissue and nervous system to preserve? Yeah, I think the best way to answer that is more principle based. So I think number one is we behave in a three-dimensional space. So this idea of only doing calf raises my toes pointed straight ahead, insufficient, right? Because to your point, there's going to be moments where my toes are out or one toe is out. So we want to do all these strength exercises and multiplanes emotion. And that doesn't mean even in a static position. But that's like a lunge, lunging to the side, lunging backwards. Like, you want to train in a three-dimensional space number one. So all of your training should account for that. If we're just doing bicep curls and calf raises, it's like I'm on these railroad tracks. But the minute you make me go sideways or rotate, it's trouble, right? So three-dimensional number one. Number two would be to get motor unit recruitment, right? To really make sure that those muscles are firing, you need to do really heavy loads or things that are really fast, right? To get that nervous system to like wake up and respond. The problem with that is not of a lot of us are ready for that. So what usually start with is really long hold isometrics. So we put you in these different positions and find ways to resist that and pull and create stiffness and remodel those tendons. So we're essentially making those parts ready to start going into the danger zone that is explosive powerful movement, right? I don't I shouldn't say danger zone as much as I should say like this is an ask. Yeah, risks zone. So these heavy overcoming isometrics they call them. One of my favorites is that mid-diple is kind of a standard in the sports science world where you have a bar and you basically calibrate the machine to where the bar is about the mid-diple and it's almost like the very top of a deadlift and you just pull but the bar doesn't get to move. And the sensory input is like the four stacks and they're measuring your balance your force and all these other cool metrics. But holding that over time we're now isometrically loading the heck out of my grip, we're loading the heck out of my shoulders, we're getting into my feet, my quads, my hips and I'm just holding that for time. That sets all these up. And you just do this with a super super heavy loaded bar that's too big for you to lift. Not necessarily you can actually do an empty bar but you pull it up against the safety bars in the rack or something like that. I symmetric thigh pull is the thing to look up. But there's a lot of ways to load these heavy isometrics because that gets your tissues ready and you build that up over several weeks and that 10 in a dab and now it's ready to resist force. And then the way you bridge that is you start doing deloted plyometrics. So now maybe we do some sort of like a band assisted pogo where I'm actually pulling on a band ahead. Oh sorry, overhead. You're pulling down on that band. It's essentially lightens me right because the band's going to pull me back up. And now I get to train that speed and that quickness through the ground but it's not my full body way. And so that's a great way to bridge from okay now I've got the parts ready. Now can I d-load the amount of force and train the speed. Once I've got the speed going in the parts, now I just get to become an athlete and do body weight and beyond. And so that's where you see these really high level athletes, even at early ages, their trainers know how to build that paradigm up and bridge it across to where you don't get any injuries along the way but you get a really springy force resistant person. So so many of us like we touched on initially don't train pogo's, we don't train plyometrics, we don't play like if you go out to the local men's and women soccer league, how many people there over 40, not very many right? Now there's a lot of reasons why that is but we're not playing games and we're not reacting to stuff. And so we need to make the gym at safe space where we can recreate these things and essentially test out these movements so I don't lose it. And maybe just to even things out so Jill doesn't think I'm picking on her injury. Let's talk a little bit about my limitations. So the thing that's probably been my biggest source of nag in the past 12 months has been foot ankle. Like let's talk a little bit about those injuries, why they're occurring. And again, they're not debilitating. They don't actually prevent me from doing a single thing. But because I'm sensitive, I just want to know, like hey, like is this a harbinger of something? And so what's your assessment of what's going on in my, and how would you even describe it? Would you describe it as my ankle? Would you describe it as my you know, nivicular tailor joint? Like where is the actual issue in me? So with you without getting your foot out, you have a very mobile foot. So you know, you're swinging back around, like the swimmers have really great mobile feet, right? Like show me a soccer player who had their foot strapped and cleats for 10, 20 years versus a swimmer, like very different setups, right? So it's really speaks to how tissues adapt over time. So your feet have a ton of motion in them. They are not restricted. You also do a lot of barefoot work in the gym, which is helpful for you. Your feet are actually pretty strong, too. Like if we test your big toe and your smaller toes, you don't test outside the normal limits for strength requirements. But your biggest gap is that multi-positional stiffness and that ability to create force absorption through your tissues. And you're actually set up for that because you can move so much, right? You don't find those in-ranges, either the boany in-ranges or those tendons can't grab because there's so much play in that pattern. So what you accidentally do all the time is you'll go on a rock or you'll go on a hunt where you're off-road and you're getting all these angles, you'll slowly flare up a tendon and tendons are notorious for not hurting. And thank you for not telling everybody the last cause of injury. I would never. Just for the listener. I don't know why, but I somehow decided two months ago to pick up a pogo stick. Never done it in my life. It's somehow decided. Is that in the bonus since you need a cat on for you? It's like I'm going to add another activity. Pogo sticking up and down the driveway. Yeah, that goes in the bucket of you should have called me first. Like what? I mean, you survived. Second I started. I was like, oh, not a good idea. I'm just got your feet not at the other end. You know? So because your feet are so mobile, tendons are notorious for they don't really hurt at the time, but they hurt like crazy the next morning. And what you always routinely say, which is really common if you're playing or fasciitis, or pateler tendonitis is when I first get up, it's really stiff and creaky and soar and hurts. And that's because tendons love blood flow. They love movement and they love motion. And so all those chemicals that come with inflammation, if we're just sitting around or sleeping, that's the opportunity to get stiff and really sore and achy. So with that kind of symptom pattern, you're not really lost on what it is because that's classic tendon, right? You can walk, we can load it. There's no like failure. So we're not worried about a muscular strain or any other damage, but that tendon gets really hot and spicy, especially in the mornings, if you're not creating that stiffness. So we started doing with you is just that. And just to be clear, we are nine or 10 weeks ago, since my pogo sticking debacle. Yeah. I no longer have, it's no longer as bad, but every single morning when I get up, there is still incredible and sharp pain right at that tendon. Yeah. Why is this taking so long? Well, tendons are one of the slowest things to heal. And I guarantee if we really zoomed in and looked at all of it, like you probably have a little tendon-opathy in those tendons, little damage here and there, that could be contributing to that irritation. But the most important thing is understanding the tendon-stake months to regenerate. And if, you know, you and I have had a pretty consistent attack with it, but we finally got you on a really good like rehab program you're doing yourself where we're loading the heck out of it with these isometrics and we're building the load more and more and we're loading those isometrics in different positions. So one of the ones we do with you a lot is that front foot hover, but you're actually planar flexing. So where you're driving, you're doing as much of a calf raises you can in that split squat position and then we make you hold that while you do that split squat. So it changes the whole angle in the relationship. But it's a complex movement. So we've got a plate in front of me. Yep. Just basically finding a bump of the plate. So we're two and a half three inches up. Yep. The my front foot just, you know, ball of foot and toes are on there. I'm in a split squat. Yep. And what am I doing with that front foot? I'm lifting it. Yes. So to plan to flex. Yeah. For you, the goal was really training. So your toe off was one of the problems. So what happens with you is when your foot, you're actually your heel lands, you're driving your body forward, your foot's behind you. You would do like a little bit of a rotation out and create like a little bit of a whip through where it wasn't nice and pure rotation rolling through the foot in the toe. It was kind of complex and putting extra stress at the ankle. That times 10,000 steps a day will really, you know, pick at that 10 and make it sore, which is why you wake up the next day So what we're trying to do is put these tendons at different lengths and then putting a lot of load through them and then the complexity we're adding isn't necessarily at that joint, but we're actually adding motion and complexity above with the lunge and also the requirement of you having to stabilize, centrally having to stabilize centrally in that mid-party or body while that foot is locked in. So someone with a really mobile foot, you tend to really use that foot for everything and that's how you spice up those tendons and I'm essentially putting that foot in a position where that tendon has to heel and it has to get stronger, but then I'm making the other parts of your body reach that complexity and meet the demand. So this is the second time I've had this flare up. Right. This is the first time I had it was probably a year and a half ago when I really started increasing rucking volume. Yes. Was that unreal? I mean, this was caused by kind of an acute incident, which was the pogo sticking where I clearly over plantar flexed or dorsy flexed. Yes. I guess we saw that extreme dorsy flexion that did it. What do you think was driving it on the rucking side and what is more importantly, what does this mean for me? Where do I turn? Yeah. How do I make it? Because right now it doesn't matter. If this keeps happening and I'm in my 80s, this is the difference between reacting and not reacting and being able to get around a knot. So how do I prevent this from being a lifelong problem? Yeah, that's a great question. So I think the pogo, that dorsy flexion, or bring your toes up, the pogo, when it's a sudden like a cube force like that, you probably also just create a little bit of a joint irritation. It's analogous to jamming your finger. If you move those two joint structures together really hard quickly and your body can't absorb that force, that'll get a lot more sore than if it's just kind of a slow repetitive stress like the rucking. The pathway is, and you've noticed the relief, like when we do the manual therapy and things like that, that's a nice short term, like off feels a little better, a little less pain, great. But the bigger picture and the ask of your body is teaching it, how can it respond to this and how do I build that force in those tendons to where not only is that tendons start to regenerate and heal, but then it's also ready to react to all the things you do. So knowing for you specifically that you love to use those feet and the more barefoot you are, like you're more likely to do that, we need to do a ton more quick work with you that's deloted to train all those tendons. I mean, there are so many tendons in the lower leg and the ankle. We need to train all those tendons to get quick and stiff in different positions so you don't jam the joint or create a stress in the tendon. Should I be doing less barefoot activity? No, I don't think so at all. I think that's a pathway to frailty. Like you want to stimulate their sectors in the bottom of your foot. Do I want you running on like a river like barefoot with a sharp rock? No, because that's going to cause other problems. But I think having you barefoot makes your foot in mobile and strong, but then if we piggyback that with this specific type of training for where your gaps are, it's a huge payoff. Let's look at the other side. Most people don't have your situation. More often than that, people have a really rigid foot that's weak and stiff. So we're actually going with a whole other direction where we're trying to get motion in the foot. We're teaching that foot to separate rear foot and forefoot. And how do those people present? What's the pain or what's the injury they present with? Interestingly, they actually get a lot of symptoms up the chain. So that foot isn't, you know, our foot has so many bones on and all these articulations where we're supposed to comply to the ground. If that shock absorption goes away, like let's say I'm wearing these big goofy running shoes that they sell now, that have the rocker where it's all just like patching holes in the boat rather than optimizing movement, if we have a foot that is stiff, those force factors go up through the body. So now my knees, my hips and my spine have to figure out that force distribution because one of my best shock absorbers is the foot and ankle. If that's not doing this job, everything else pays the price. So I see a lot of people wear, like let's say the solace is weak and they're lower part of their calf so that control of their tibia as either walk or lunge isn't there so that ankle just kind of locks up and then they send all that force to their knee. That's why like one of my favorites is anyone with a chronic knee issue, I'm going right at that foot and ankle first because of the foot and ankle isn't up to the task that my knees take a beating. So I don't want to jinx myself and I hope I'm not doing it by saying this. Is this why despite all the crazy stuff I've done, all the miles I ran growing up, never really had a knee issue but boy do I get these feet issues? Do you think I mean it's a good theory but absolutely yeah, like you're really good wide mobile feet, like your knee is gets to be a knee, right? If that rotation that pivot joint that's supposed to happen at the ankle isn't like pronounce to the amount you want and it isn't mobile enough then that knee and that force factor is going to happen at the upper tibia and the femur where you now you start to get these little moniscous things that showed up out of nowhere. That torsion happens has happened somewhere. Let's talk about something that you touched on a few minutes ago which is around sort of fear and we see this a lot. We see this in the medical practice where we have patients that are you know where we're overseeing all their training and I sounds like you see this at 10 square as well where you have clients that are just coming in for obviously the training pieces of this. So is there any kind of common thread to this or does it come in all walks of life? I've seen it in former athletes who are injured but the injury is so bad that they just can never quite get back to you know they injured the back and then they're sort of like they never quite want to go back down my path especially if they've had multiple re-ingeries. Yeah. I assume you see this in people who are not necessarily athletes so what do you think is going on there and how do you how do you kind of work up the confidence to to accept that the pathway back isn't necessarily pain-free or injury-free but it's more of a trajectory that's going to get better. Yeah I love what you just showed there. The graph is it's always going to have peaks and valleys and you know when your brain perceives the ret whatever that could be maybe you're you know your dad heard himself playing football so you're scared to play football right but when your brain perceives the ret not only is your heightened awareness up right your nervous system is kicked up but we're more sensitive to pain so certain things hurt more when we're ill or when we're stressed then if we're not right and if we stick to just movement themselves a lot of people are afraid of certain movements because it hurt me in the past or they heard it could hurt them or maybe they just haven't done it long time so they're nervous about it right so you can actually empower people if you show them there's a rational reason why that that fear could be there or why that pain is there pain does not always mean injury pain is your brain telling you hey I don't like what's happening here but it does always mean your broken or busted another thing to think about is your image isn't always like a death sentence right like if we MRI 100,000 low backs there's going to be wear and tear especially if we're over 30 years old same goes for every other joint in the body does that mean we design your whole clinical plan around that no we really need to think about okay how much is there what do they want to do what are their strengths what are their weaknesses all those things we already spoke to so when there's fear involved you really have to address that because the individual needs to know that a you have a plan form that you understand their fears and then b we got to count for those fears in one way or another so I mean this is not data but in my private practice the amount of low back like flare ups just your traditional backspasm not a surgical candidate just like high back pain but no damage the amount of those people that have come in when their wife spots going to labor or they they're worried about getting fired from their job where they have like an emotional mental stress in their life the amount of those people is infinite like I've had thousands of people come in and go in my back flared up out of nowhere and then you start to dive in like what else is going on and they're really worried or stressed about something so what the goal there is you can't always fix those external cultural psychological emotional things but we can address them and identify them and sometimes they need therapy they need other things to address those but more importantly we need to empower that individual and give them rational reasons why you're like hey this might be why you've cleared up in that glute or in that mid back and this is what we're going to do about it and if you outline those plans for people and give them the tools now you've equipped them to actually help themselves this whole game of I'm going to take an extra review and look oh there's one little bone spur but now I'm going to scare you into like a 40 visit package to my car practical and it's something that game needs to go way fast because the only thing you're doing is making people feel more frail more afraid and you're actually only helping the bottom line of your business you're not helping that individual so it's really about empowerment with education what is it that you would see when somebody comes in that would make you say actually we need to immobilize you or we need to you know like what is that something that's only going to be on an exam where you see a motor weakness for example a mobilized how like put them in a boot or you saying well let's just let's look at lower back so if somebody shows up with a lower back complaint to you what's going to make you say no actually the answer is you know seeing a surgeon or complete and total rest or you know how are you what is kind of your algorithm on people presenting with lower back pain yeah I mean lowbacks are great so number one is and for the neurons out there if there's weakness or you don't have bowler bladder function and things like that right away get a value weight right because the way nerves work if if there's pressure on nerves it could at over time create permanent damage now a lot of nerve pain is sensory right that electrical sciatica type stuff it's that tingling and that weird thing like that but the real number one that you look at is do they have weakness or do they have loss of some sort of you know control foundational control right that's when you got to get integrated with neuro and orthos right away um if we don't have that now you're in the like decision making domain right so this means you you're going to do the rectal exam make sure your tone is there yeah exactly okay that's definitely on the longest of things I refer out for okay um so if you're in that kind of mechanical low back pain or even some disc nerve issues but no weakness now there's a ton of strategies we can do almost as a first diagnostic step to see how your body responds now what I mean by that is we're not going to do some crazy aggressive therapy or treatment or manipulation of the spine but we're going to do some sort of intervention like muscle work or Mackenzie exercises for discs which are highly researched and really effective to see how the body responds to those things if your body responds in a positive way even for two hours that's a great indicator like let's keep going down this road because even the best surgeons that you and I have both talked with about mutual clients they'll say let's give this little time and see what your body does things can heal the natural process of the body can take care of themselves so a disc bulge one of my favorite examples actually is a disc herniation she confirmed on MRI she would do a Mackenzie protocol which again is fantastic scribe for people what that is so Mackenzie protocols are really great system that um you essentially put the patient in various positions and you do these like gentle arching or pumping and you're basically trying to take pressure off that disc to where slowly over time that bulge can re-center and balance out can people do these by themselves you need to be yeah okay you can go and we can link to where people can go and look yeah Mackenzie protocols fantastic their website has a database where people can find people in their town so if they have nerve pain it's a great place to start because all those Mackenzie practitioners know what I just outlined too like this is a Mackenzie thing this is not but what's fascinating about Mackenzie sometimes even in the room they'll get a reduction of nerve symptoms while they're and so nerves provide very like productive information like you can trust symptoms of a nerve really well so if I get what they call a centralization meaning I'd satac pain all the way down the leg and then you put me in this one Mackenzie position and now it centralizes to the hamstring that's a great idea that's a great diagnostic indicator exactly and so just because that individual might have an MRI with a disc herniation that does a mean it's an injection or surgery right away obviously part of the decision making is what is there what are they having to deal with in their life what is their timeline all those other factors but if you can encourage a hot disc patient to wait and and make sure that they're actually letting things heal and run their course they could be much better off and forward at 10 weeks. Some will always the sign of a great spine surgeon right just once you rule out the acute weakness the thing that is a surgical necessity yeah the ones that want to wait are generally the better surgeons yeah we've chosen the better side for sure yeah but this case I was going to talk about earlier she's at fast anyone so confirmed discerningation and then she had an annular tear which basically the annulus is a part of the disc and it best analogy to describe it is she had like a little thing that was a equivalent of like a cuticle they're just kind of peeling off so traditional protocol we started to turn on Mackenzie's great lady we're actually still friends but she was really hurting so we worked with her for like two three weeks and every time we put her in that Mackenzie position it hurt her worse and it was local pain but the ridiculous symptoms reduced so long story short what we learned over time she went back over to another place try that for a while didn't work the disc herniation was actually taking care of itself but that annular tear was still sticking out creating extension base pain so after about a year of rehab her body was able to scar up and that healed and it was fine but it was really interesting to me was she needed Mackenzie's early but then we actually had to cease the Mackenzie's because we were jamming that annular tear and so then we were storage is more pillar strengthening dynamic neuromusco stabilization all those other things so it's like different things at different times played a big role I mean when we it's just it must be amazing how often we all encounter hopefully not personally but professionally people with lower back pain like this statistics are sort of you know I don't I can't imagine there's too many people listening to us who don't have personal or indirect experience with it either obviously through themselves or through somebody they know closely there is something about it that I can really relate to being nerve-wracking it really is it can be terrifying and and and and also demoralizing I think is how I would describe it just demoralizing when you lower back hurts in a way that I don't it's not the same as if you're shoulder elbow knee or hip hurt no it's different I mean the best analogy is I spray my wrist you know I might have to wear a brace or something but I can generally function I can go to a movie but when your ribs or your back is hurting not only are those muscles much more big and powerful so when they react in spasm they're really good at it right like these small muscles my wrist when they react in spasm I go that's kind of sore but the low back I mean that group of muscles is really good at freaking out right the type one fibers postural stuff a lot of detail the other thing is you can't do anything without affecting you right you sitting in a movie hurts walking hurts I mean these people it's a fixed them constantly and that's a big part of the rehab story is finding these little winds where they can actually do something and it either does get worse or have a verbid makes them feel a bit better um the human body is meant to move so you think it's a scalable I mean I feel fortunate that you know we're able to take care of people where we have the luxury of doing this very bespoke approach and yeah you can you can you can integrate your strength in conditioning with your cardio with your PT rehab and all that stuff and it's all it's all great but like do you see a day when this could all be app and AI driven where any any person out there with any set of lower back symptoms could be provided with the feedback that they would need to to take care of themselves if they execute absolutely how would you get the feedback I mean is that basically is it just I just said you have good enough image recognition software that is that would that be that would that be a necessary step that if you were using such a device like an app you would have to be able to set up your phone on a tripod to be able to able to capture you doing it because the advantage of being able to do this the first few times with an actual person like you is the queuing is so important a lot of these exercises are not um there's not natural yeah well especially if you're that person who's suffering from that injury then odds are you didn't perform these exercises well subconsciously so that's what's set you up for it right what is interesting is the the video recognition software is getting fantastic I've demoed a few now where they're like the AI is actually watching someone do movements and saying hey you know this was too far out that way or whatever but that also goes in the bucket of everyone moves differently right like my femur length is different than yours so the angles with which I'm going to lunger can be a little different and so this idea that if you take principles and you know the symptoms and then most importantly you know how people react to really conservative loads that almost tells you more than did their tibia rotate three degrees or not I could care way less about three degrees of tibia rotation based on AI software and care way more about you know what I did these lunges in this setup and we activated some neuromuscular reaction to where my glute fired a little bit better my knee felt way better right and then when people give us that good kind of qualitative feedback now you know how to trim up that program so I think the AI part of it's going to be more that it's going to be less about oh what degree did it move but more about how did you respond to each drill that's safe and then we go from there right yeah agree and that's where training the AI is much more nuanced and complicated 100% yeah image recognition is one thing but it's yeah knowing what to do with that information yeah knowing am I going to do an overhead dumbbell in a dns three month and all these other nuances versus the legs right like there's certain cases that I'll do that one for one and the other for another and it's it's really a matter of knowing what you got to start with and then we test it a little bit and then we test it a little bit more and then now comes our dictated by how do they respond to that exercise and why did you kind of gravitate towards this I mean we didn't really get into kind of telling people your story but sure you know you went to Cairo school yep but then you immediately went out and did a sports medicine thing you yeah and worked with the New York Giants why did you just opt into kind of the role you're doing now which is much more in the PT rehab space then it is the what people I think assume of traditional Cairo practice which is here's a here's a 40 adjustment schedule you know yeah and like I'm an a crack and again I I don't have a point of view on that but yeah what drew you more towards the the side of things you're on now yeah I mean I think it speaks to a bigger thing which I'm really degree agnostic in the sense that I hope someday in the future there's like a more clear certification or degree where there are Cairo's and PT's and frankly strength coaches all three of those people I would trust way more to do rehab and get someone better like who would I send my mom to I would send my mom to all three of those people if they have certain skill sets and like approaches right independent of degree or yeah credential totally because you know the Cairo degree was my baseline training that's where my license is and all that but the traditional view of Cairo is with the manipulations and the adjustments like you know that's 5% of our week at my practice right we are practicing we have Cairo's and PT's but you can't really tell who's who because everybody's doing what we call as active rehab so one of the things I always tell people I don't care what their degree is but if you're going to rehab clinic and it's one to one relationships so it's not group but it's one to one and they've got a bunch of weights in there as well as the traditional bands and stuff now that's an indicator okay these guys are going to build me back up to something actually strong not just like make me coming here forever and do rehab purgatory why I do the same micro drill over and over right like we got a build over time so I'm really agnostic to a degree but yeah that said my story I basically tried to create a residency for myself right out of Cairo school and back then it was really manual therapy based I learned a ton we were I was by far the lowest guy in the total poll which we all know that works a lot of time a lot of learning but I was there to soak it up and everyone always thinks that like pro sports is the top right and it is in a lot of ways but it wasn't really for me in terms of an official team relationship because I just didn't like that personal schedule and it was pure chaos like you spend a week fixing somebody up and then they go out there and get blasted again you know like oh that's bummer it's kind of like when my son builds his tower magnetiles and his sister knocks it over it's like the look on his face was me every Sunday you know so I really enjoy the off-season side I really enjoy more of the project and I really like realized early on that when you're only doing pain relief manual therapy work there's a lot missing right we're not building people up right so that's when I just started doing this deep dive as much as I could learning from as many people as I could about the foot and balancing and her muscular training and all these other things to where you know it's a compliment and my private clinic when people like what are you like we actually have people coming off it's now we're like I need to go see my carpactor later and one of my other docs a bit like well I'm a chiropractor like what I had no idea they've seen this for years so we're probably supposed to identify ourselves better but the regardless for solve problems what is the role for what most people think of when they hear chiropractic right the adjustments yeah like what does it do well I mean I I guess like I don't want to ask you to sort of be critical if that's the word of a profession that you remember of it but the fact that you aren't out there doing it 24-7 suggests either you think it's really really valuable but it's just not something you want to do or you don't think that it's valuable enough and so how would you how would you advise somebody that came to you and said hey Kyler I have injury x my neck my back whatever um I got this awesome package of 40 visits for x no more dollars with my local chiropractor I see him for eight minutes a week twice a week actually it's really special um uh do you think that's a great plan? No and the way I would describe it is I mean I've benefited from getting adjusted myself like things get out of whack right like things get stiff you sleep on a plane where like that's a real thing but it's a tool in the tool belt and the really good practitioners have a bunch of tools and so I could say the same thing about chiroprat adjustments as I could dry needleing or active release or um a colonel taping like a million tools out there the really good practitioners have a huge tool belt and they know when to use which one at what time yeah so just throwing cupping at somebody and hoping their muscles get better it's insufficient in the same way I'd say just adjusting someone over and over it's not enough there's more that could be done and so what I get asked a lot especially now that I'm older like oh my friends I've accumulated over the years like I didn't account for as I got older there'd be more questions exponentially because they're all getting sore and hurting but what I always tell them is I need someone who's got a bunch of tools in their tool belt I need someone who's going to literally treat your case um as something unique every time it's not just like this oh we everybody here signs up for twice a month like that's a big red flag for me and I really want everyone always building towards more strength you have to be adding strength that's what makes things stick that's what optimizes movement that's what makes people feel empowered unless frail and frankly builds them more of like a moat around themselves to where if they do step off a curb weird or they sleep weird on a plane they're less of a triage patient they're more of just like almost sorted it but they still work out and the workout helps it so isn't safe to say then that whatever the suite of underlying modalities are from adjustments to taping to cupping to needleing to active release to manual that you name it the goal of all of these and the more of them you can utilize the better is to create a window in which the individual is safe and out of pain so that they may do the work to retrain a movement pattern and increase strength. Yep is that if you were going to do some terms absolutely we say that sometimes about even horizontal injection like I don't like people racing to get a horizontal injection but if you tell someone that's strengthened and that really hurts when they do a lunge they're going to look at you like your jerk so at some point we need to do something to get that pain down so then we can open that door and run through it and running through it with strengthening and making them stronger okay so let's kind of put this now all back together right we've kind of gone really deep down one of the three pillars you now have basically two things you're trying to do you're trying to do everything you're doing in concert with a broader agenda of creating a precision training program not an exercise program not a workout program a training program for an athlete who sport happens to be life and you have to be able to do it with the strength and conditioning coaches the cardio coaches and then the other thing you have to do is you have to do this remote because most of the tense-quiet clients are remote because you said they come to Austin for two days they do a whole bunch of assessments they go away for six months then they come back some of them go away for less but yeah you know a lot of them they just they go away for a year and they come back in two months because they're out of the country and it's just not easy for them to be here so how are you able to do this remotely what are the challenges and what what enables it to to to make sense yeah what do they need when they're back home yeah that's a great we get that question a lot because even you know before 10 squared like some of the athletes I would manage you travel a lot like a couple my golfers you know they would call me and say my back hurts from the hotel room and I had the luxury of knowing so much about them and how they moved and what their body looked like I could take all that and then be like well what are the symptoms we rule out the scary medical stuff and then we try some exercise right and we were able to get a lot of results for these athletes and they're about to tee off and two hours and compete right so we've taken out model and if we know when we were designing the assessments that 10 squared one of the biggest themes was we need enough time to know as much as we can right like a lot of people want it to be faster but we're like we need to have that initial step needs to be so in depth that we are certain about all the factors of how you move and where you're strong and things like that when I have that certainty and I'm not flying blind and someone calls me and says you know what my knees really sore after doing these exercises we either hop on a zoom and just talk real quick and I can actually test them on zoom because the exercise is the test so many people think they need a doctor to do like a lockman's test and pull on their leg the story the profile and then how they respond to the exercise that is the test and so we can program exercise is really effectively in a remote way to kind of probe the fence or test it and if it responds the right way we definitely can fix it quickly I had to climb this week it showed her his bugging him we did a zoom call took about 20 minutes we have our library attend squared I fired him off a few exercises he message me like feels up better he didn't have to go to doctor he didn't have to go anywhere now obviously if the story was different and I was worried medically I'd concierge that in the sense of I'd find him some a local and refer out but if I'm not worried medically and if we think it can respond to load we're gonna load it and a lot of times people are shocked that we can make their neck tension go away with an exercise in the same way that if they traditionally got on massage or something they'd get that relief it has to do with what your body does when things are off and if you load it it'll actually respond more because your nervous system's involved as well I want to tell a story on that vein that I is one of the most incredible experiences I ever had this would have been in 2018 or 2019 and I had kind of the first flare up I'd ever had of my lower back since 2000 right when I had my bike surgery and all that nonsense so I'd got 18 maybe 19 years maybe it was early 2019 without a single flare up and then it happened I get the flare up and at the time I was working with this guy it was my first person I'd ever met who did DNS and so I had already learned about intribedominal pressure we were doing all stuff in fact when I went to see him my back was totally fine it was actually I had 10SL though I had this 10SL though and he figured out pretty quickly that my 10SL bow was completely due to my scapular instability and my chief complaint was when I do a lot of pull ups my elbow hurts sure like that I'm in play tennis right yeah so we had fixed all that but I kind of was like this is amazing like I want to know what else is going on and then independent of that I get this lower back flare up and so I'm in there seeing him on one day when I'm in honestly like about the worst pain I'd been in in years by the way his training by the way is also a chiro so he's a chiro by training who probably hasn't done an adjustment in 20 years sure just doing DNS and I'll never forget the exercise he had me do because I was like I don't know how this is going to work dude yeah so he laid me on my back and he had me get into like an imaginary leg press position you know those old school leg press machines where you're pressing up yeah not the one where it's on a slope but the the rack moves vertically super old school yep so I'm on my back I'm in that position and he is now laying on top of me so he's got his pecs basically on my feet sure and he's queuing me through really good intributional pressure and isometric contraction pushing yep and low and behold my back is getting better and we're doing sets you know 10 second 20 second 30 second and at some point I'm getting so strong like we need more resistance so now we go and build a makeshift thing under the squat rack where I'm on you know I forget I was on a Smith machine or a squat rack where basically now I have infinite resistance kind of like how you described it with the partial deadlift yeah and I am getting to the point where when I walked in there I wouldn't have been able to push 10 pounds away from me that's how much pain I was in and now I'm convinced I was pushing 600 pounds of force against that immovable bar yep and I've never felt better sure and I couldn't understand how that could happen yeah how is it that I could not walk but limp into that guy's gym that day in so much pain and spasm yep and in our later I feel like a million bucks sure how could that happen well two things one thing in your story is you know it really speaks out pain is inhibitory right like when your brain is perceiving that threat in that pain it starts to just kind of it goes in a preservation mode right where it's like look I'm not going to have you run the fastest 40 year life because I don't trust all these movements I'm trying to figure this out I always my analogy is like it's like that hand on the buzzer with family feud where the brain like whenever it feels threat it's like I'm going to hit this buzzer and I'm going to send you a pain signal doesn't mean your damage it's just like I'm hovering and if you're really stressed or it's a really high level pain it's like I'm going to do it first sign of trouble right yeah so number one it just really explains you know your story is that kind of effect but then it's like okay how do we get the brain to take the hand off the buzzer what loads can we introduce to make these muscles like one term in the in the musculoskeletal world or reciprocal inhibition so if I'm going to contract my bicep like crazy my tricep almost has to eventually get enough signals where it can't fire right your brain might be trying to fire it and it's got this co-contraction going on and there's that protection going on but the more stimulus you give that bicep eventually that tricep has to let go so what he was doing is he's putting you in very specific positions to where you had to load something where neurologically your brain says I'm going to turn this other thing off and I got to actually meet the demand of this force because force is how your nervous system responds and so he was loading one direction so much that eventually that QL or whatever else could have been spasming with you had eventually kind of melt them like go not only were you now activated and stable and feeling stronger but that muscle was in this inhibitory contracted state and then I let go one of the things I say in my private practice all time my first five years out of school I was working on the QL like my thumb has got scars from it I don't touch the QL anymore like about eight or ten years ago I realized you don't even have to beat someone up so much and it weird way these kind of exercises are more gentle they're more therapeutic and they're more active they're active so it's long term like you're tapping into that nervous system and so demoing an exercise or having someone do a very specific exercise based on the profile and their symptoms is actually a great way to make someone feel better and you just got to give them the right stuff again it's it's it's I consider that one of the most profound experiences of my life from a physical perspective and also in how much it changed my point of view about what back pain is and isn't and I don't want to suggest for a moment that if you're sitting you're listening and you have back pain that's the answer going find a guy to do that but but I'm saying that there's so much more going on than we realize and so much of back pain is not surgical and so much of back pain can be healed with retraining a movement pattern and and getting our nervous system to kind of get out of the way I have a lot of clients that come in and they're like look I'm nervous about the kind of thing or they they have some fear around it they heard stories whatever right so I'm like they're like can you help my neck though absolutely because there's a million other ways to cook this recipe to where we normalize the motionier joints we make the muscle strong again we re-establish the relationships of your shoulders and your scapular neck there's a million ways to make someone feel better with exercise where you don't have to do aggressive therapies I don't care if it's stem cell or PRP or prolo or dry needleing or caro it doesn't really matter exercise needs always be the answer and you can do therapeutic exercise actually doesn't lot for people that drops the pain too and so walk us through the framework because you've got it I love your framework for how you approach me so what's the framework yeah so first off you know kind of that bifurcation we talked about earlier where you know are doing need a consultant orthopedic or neurosurgeon right that's number one so we're gonna make the decision the story the incident what it looks like like if we're talking me if you know their soccer player they twisted it really weird yesterday it's all swollen on the joint line I'm more worried about the joint if conversely if it's a runner where it's been kind of often on for a long time no acute incident no joint line swelling the pain is kind of vague those are two very different presentations so ones gonna be more like orthoconsault ones gonna be like let's let's tinker around as a rehab pro and see what we can do right so that's the first bifurcation is basically playing doctor and being like what's the right path the other thing I really want to encourage is that the best orthopedic surgeons in the world like you spoke to earlier they don't want to do surgery or inject everyone right away they're referring out all the time and a lot of clinics nowadays have like a physical therapy clinic in house and there's all kinds of constraints with that and the best orthos don't just give someone a list of every pt clinic in town they're actually referring to different clinics based on that clinic strengths and experience right some clinic specialized in running some specialized in strength training like if your orthos specifically searching out different pt clinics that's a huge win it's a great sign they know what they're if they just give you hand out and they're like go call somebody that means they think all pt's the same and all rehab's the same and it's not right so that's number one once we've got past that bifurcation of knowing that it's a rehab case then the protocol really turns into what is the safest and smartest way to create a change maybe it's a manual therapy maybe it's trying to make maybe it's one of those treatments we spoke to earlier or maybe it's a strategic load that decision is a lot of times based on the patients comfort like how you read the room are they they like cattle rancher dude who wants to push through pain and they're gonna go back to work tomorrow or they someone who's really scared because the pain is high right we got to build trust we got to get them some sort of pain relief to show that we're medically being responsible and making sure we're going their eye direction but then once we've created that change then we start to load it a lot of times if I have a joint that I know is permanently compromised let's say someone with total knee replacement I'm not gonna actually beat up the knee a lot traditional insurance base rehab is gonna go after that joint because that's the code that's associated with it and they know they're gonna do that really well what I'm gonna go for first is the foot the ankle the hip and their pelvis in general because if there's a lot of low fruit there I can enhance the pelvis strength or the foot strength and I can actually buffer that knee to where it doesn't have to work nearly as hard and those people get a reduction of symptoms overnight kind of this was really a ton of fun enjoyed sitting down with you it's not normal that I sit this far from you but at a distance you look just as great as ever devastating as always thanks a lot