Getting this looked at now is a great way to get ahead of an infertility problem 10 years hence. For sure. Women are born with a finite number of eggs. Actually the most eggs you'll ever have is when you're in your mom's womb. So let's just walk through how IVF works. Usually about 70% of the eggs for a list. That's an important message for anybody listening. If you're trying to get pregnant, you should not be on a GOP when agonist. Right. You can be on it pre-pregnancy just the recommendation is to stop for at least two months. Okay. Now having said that there have been lots of you may have read about a zempick baby. Do you caution women or do we know anything about too much exercise? Extreme exercise can be associated with fertility issues. We talked about cemion analysis being kind of a marker of other health outcomes. Your periods are also a marker. Don't wait to get pregnant to figure that out. There may be something important you need to know way ahead of time. If a woman came to you at 20 and said, I just want to double down on my career right now. I want to do x, y and z. I think I want to have kids. I at least want the optionality. When should I freeze by? Hey everyone. Welcome to the drive podcast. I'm your host Peter Atia. Hey Paula. Thank you so much for coming to Austin and sitting down to share some remarkable insights. You know listeners last week will have heard us talk about all things that pertain to male fertility. As promised, we're going to now talk about fertility but from the female perspective, the physiology here is different but no less complex. There are some pretty unique things about it. One of them being that unlike sperm, which seem to be an infinite resource, men are constantly generating literally billions of these things. The exact opposite is the case with women. Tell us a bit about that. That's right. First thanks for having me. Thanks for inviting me. It is true that when an embryo or fetus develops the gonad differentiates into either a testis or an ovary. And the main difference is you said is that sperm is produced throughout a man's life's time whereas women are born with a finite number of eggs. Actually the most eggs you'll ever have is when you're in your mom's womb as a fetus. And by the time you're born, there's about 2 million or so eggs. And by the time you start menstruating, you're down to maybe 400,000 or so. Wow. So fivefold reduction from birth to say average age would be maybe 14 when a year. Yeah. Yeah. 12 to 14. And we don't know why exactly that happens. But most of the eggs in the ovaries actually undergo a process we call a treasha. They basically die. So once a woman goes through puberty or girl goes through puberty every month, if she's not on her monocontrosception, one of those eggs grows. Actually probably a group of eggs every month starts to grow but then one kind of takes over and it's released from the ovary and usually finds this way into the the thlopian tubes. That's the tube connecting the ovary and the uterus. And then normally, if there's not sperm around, the egg is just resourbs and there's no pregnancy and the lining of the uterus sheds and a girl or woman has a period every month. If there's sperm around, there's a chance that that egg might fertilize and that fertilization usually happens in the phlopian tube actually. And then that now, as I go to embryo, travels down the tube into the uterus and some of the time implants into the wall of the uterus or the lining of the uterus and establishes a pregnancy. Okay. So let's now talk about a woman in the prime of her reproductive age. She's 20 years old as an example. And let's talk through the cycle of what is happening and the role that hormones are playing. One of the things that to me has always been fascinating about this is the selection. So with males, we don't have to think about that problem. The selection tends to be maybe more metabolic or stochastic. In other words, which sperm is the sperm that makes it? Isn't really pre-determined? How is it that let's say from day zero when a woman begins her menstrual cycle? And all of a sudden, everything starts to turn towards the next cycle. She's about 14 days out from ovulation. We start to see the interplay of loot-nizing hormone and follicle stimulating hormone, particularly FSH. Walk me through what's happening in that period of time that ultimately leads to one and only one egg being the chosen one. Yeah. Yeah. It's a little random in women as well, actually. But it's true that the pituitary hormones, namely FSH or follicle stimulating hormone and LH, loot-nizing hormone, are what drives growth of the, we call them follicles, the eggs are inside the follicles. And as I said, usually a cohort of eggs starts to grow and then... Tell me what grow means. The follicles start to get bigger and the cells surrounding the eggs start to divide. And what do they look like prior to all of that happening? These are cells that only have 50% of the genetic material, right? They've already undergone myosis. Yes. They're kind of arrested in myosis. Myosis is not completed until they actually ovulate and then in some cases are fertilized. Yes. So we have an arrested cell that has one of each of the mother's chromosomes, including one X chromosome by definition, one of her two sex hormones. And it's kind of this question makes sense, but it's, is it still in its young phenotype? In other words, if the, if the woman is 20 years old and all of the cells in her body are functionally 20 years old, is this egg prior to ovulation still basically an infant cell? As far as we know, although there's some data recently to suggest that perhaps the cells surrounding the egg are met about a glee active, maybe aging. Certainly we do know that the quality of the eggs decreases right as women get older. So that affects how the eggs and the chromosomes ultimately divide. That's part of the reasons harder to get pregnant as you get older, even though you're ovulating, you may be releasing an egg every month, but that could be abnormal. And if it's abnormal, it likely won't fertilize and you kind of don't want it to fertilize if it's abnormal and establish your pregnancy. But you're right. They're pretty much arrested in time. During, certainly, you know, before puberty and then every month a few start to develop and then one, we don't really know how that one egg is selected. It's definitely her monofactors play a role, but it's somewhat random, one kind of grows and then eventually is released. Now, not to anthropomorphize this too much, but one would sort of assume that natural selection runs strong. And if a woman by the time she begins her fertility stage of life has 400,000 eggs, just say on average, she only has a finite number of shots on goal. Right? Let's just say 12 per year and I don't know. Let's just say, if you look at peak reproductive maybe 20 years. Right. That's a tiny sliver of 400,000. That's true. You would have to assume that there is some selection that's happening to pick the best few hundred of those 400,000. Is there any evidence that that's happening? Only in that the ones that usually result in pregnancy are chromosomally normal. So most of the embryos are chromosomally abnormal and that's because most of the eggs are chromosomally abnormal. So there is selection in that sense that at most of the time only the chromosomally normal embryos are the ones that implant and continue to develop. And when you say chromosomally normal, are you referring to the egg or the zygote? The zygote, but most of the abnormalities in chromosomes that happen and the zygote are believed to be related to maternal age. And does that mean we think that the abnormality occurred way before ovulation or when do we think that that occurred? We think it occurred in the stage of myosis that happens as the egg is developing that much. That ripening phase. Okay. So explain how that happens. So if you were to sample eggs from a five-year-old girl, nowhere near reproductive age, do we both so every one of those is in a state of frozen myosis where how many things have to happen before it is ready to undergo full myosis. In other words, how does it go from that stage to just, I'm sorry for using big words to the listener and please feel free to explain what I mean by anyoploidy. But how do you go from that frozen myotic state to an anyoploidy state and please explain what I just said to people? Sure. It's a little bit of a black box, of course, because we can't see exactly what's happening. But the way we understand it is that the cells start off, including eggs cells, is having two copies of each chromosome, but eventually has to become one copy in order to combine with a sperm that also has one copy of each chromosome. So during that process, there has to be disjunction of each of the pairs of chromosomes. So there are 23 pairs of chromosomes, including X and Y, the X chromosomes. And during that disjunction phase is when we think most of the errors happen, because if they don't divide evenly like 23 and 23, you're going to get an extra one, you're going to be missing one, and then when it combines with sperm that also has a half-loids set of chromosomes, there's going to be an abnormal number and that affects development. And that completion only occurs during the 14 days leading to ovulation. ovulation and then fertilization. Yes. Okay, so that explains why to my earlier question, there must be something even though they are quote-unquote frozen in time, there is either something going on with the egg or maybe the metabolic milieu around the egg from those cells that is changing the probability of success for that division of genetic material. Right. And because as we know, that as a woman ages, the probability of successful division goes down. Right. So something changes as a woman ages, but we don't understand exactly, but whatever it is that's going on makes those chromosome errors much more likely. I'll tell you a very interesting story. So a very close friend of mine has a son with Down syndrome. And he's he's probably 20 now. So this is the son, of course. So this the story I'm telling occurred roughly 20 years ago. So when there's son was born, I believe he was their third child. Obviously this is, you know, but this is probably at a time. I don't think they knew until this was, in fact, I know that they didn't know until birth. They hadn't done amniosenties or anything like that. So they're, you know, they're sort of dealing with this right in the aftermath of their son's birth. And the doctor, the the GUI and came in. And my friend says he never forget this, the guy looked straight at his wife and said, look, it's important for you to understand that this is your fault. Oh my god. My friend said he wanted to jump across the table and kill this guy. Yeah, I don't blame him. But then what he realized is what he was actually saying is this is the result of the egg releasing one to many. So they're, they, you know, he had two copies. Was it 21. Yeah. So two copies of 21 instead of one copy of 21 came from the egg. And you know, it's interesting. My friend, when I have talked about this many times since, and he said, I really came to appreciate what he was trying to do there. All be it. And then completely in a proclamation way. He was just trying to explain that there is a reason for this. It is maternal and whatever. But anyway, it always stuck with me as like, that's a great lesson in bad bedside manner. For sure. Yeah. But, you know, he made the point. So, so the point here being is, while trisomy 21 is a very common form of anyploidy. It's also not lethal. There are many lethal forms of anyploidy as well, right? Right. Trisomy 21 can be lethal, but not always. Okay. So some of those pregnancies do continue. And they're depending on the chromosome of your maladies. Some only do a develop to a certain point and then stop developing. And some are actually compatible with life birth. But usually have some abnormalities. And do we know, for example, that for if you were to look at all miscarriages that occur inside the first trimester, would you be able to hazard a guess as to what percentage of all miscarriages inside of 13 weeks are likely the result of anyploidy? Definitely the majority of them probably close to 90 percent. Wow. Yeah. Okay. So in other words, maybe someone listening to this, whose experienced miscarriages early in a pregnancy can take some solace and understanding that that was the body's way of correcting something that was inevitable sooner rather than later. Yeah. I think that's true. Yeah. The very miscarriages are very common. Yep. And that's the most common cause. Although there are other causes. Usually we don't do a whole lot of testing if it's just one miscarriage because that's very common. We just assume fetus or embryo was abnormal. But if a woman has like two in a row, then that weren't some additional testing to make sure. We're guardless of her age. We guardless of her age. I mean, obviously the chances of finding something else goes down as a woman gets older. But yeah, because you don't want to miss another cause that's potentially treat it well. Okay. Well, let's put a pin in that because I actually want to understand that more. But that's interesting to me that if a 40 year old woman had successive miscarriages, you wouldn't just chalk it up to, well, she's 40. Of course, these are anyploidic eggs. Okay. Yeah, that's true. I mean, that's most likely. Most likely. But you don't want to miss, especially at 40. You don't want to miss some treatable other treatable. Because you only have so much time. Yeah. So again, one of the lessons here hopefully for people listening is if a couple miscarriages, they shouldn't feel that they've done something wrong. That's fun. We're going to beat herself up thinking, oh my god, that I have one too many cups of coffee was like, I'm under too much stress. No. Yeah. Greater than 90% chance, this was a bad split. Yeah. And that's the way. Okay. Yeah. So let's go back to this process. So it's day zero. So a woman just begins her period. We're just getting ready to embark on her next fertility cycle. The pituitary gland is secreting, loot-nizing hormone and follicle stimulating hormone. Walk me through what is happening in the next 14 days that leads to that ovulation. Right. So a group of eggs or follicles are starting to grow. One gets selected. We don't really still don't know that. We don't understand why. It's random. Wow. And that follicle that's in a follicle. It's follicles kind of a fluid build, just like structure that surrounds each egg. So that continues to grow. And then eventually what's happening hormonally. So those cells surrounding the eggs are producing estrogen. That estrogen is preparing acting on the uterine lining to build up the lining to potentially support a pregnancy. And then what happens just before our ovulation is there's a surge in a hormone called LH, loop-nicing hormone. And that's what we think triggers ovulation or release of an egg. So all that has to happen before an egg is released. So it kind of busts out of the ovary. Finds its way to the tube. How energetically demanding is that. We learned last week in talking with Paul that the ATP requirement for those sperm to travel hold that distance is unbelievable. How passive versus active is the movement of that egg? How metabolically demanding is it? I don't know that we understand it completely, but you would imagine that their energy is required for that to happen certainly. It's not passive. It's not just sort of a diffusion down the philopi-intubes. Right. Prosthag landings are involved and a lot calcium all kinds of things up to happen for that process to occur. Okay. How long the proximately just keep people a sense of how long a philopian tube is? Probably a few centimeters, like back to 10. And everyone's probably used to seeing the image of ovaries being these little eggs and philopian tubes having these little fingers that tug up on the eggs. What is actually in between that space? How does the egg get from an ovary into a philopian tube? Is there an actual connection there? There is actually, yeah, they're not stuck together, but they're kind of in close proximity. So that those fimbre or finger-like projections kind of sweep up the eggs once it's released from the ovary. Got it. And it's otherwise in direct contact with the peritanyum. The ovary and the tube space between the space between the space between the. Yeah. Yeah. The picture's always show like the tubes out here, the inside here, but they're actually everything's like closer together in the pelvis. Yeah. And you mentioned, okay, so egg is now in philopian tube. How long does it take to get through the length of the philopian tube into the uterus? About five or six days? Okay, so completely different experience from the sperm which are racing at rakeneck speed. They uncover that distance in seconds. Right. So what regulates the speed with which the egg travels through the philopian tube and how does that impact fertility? Is there a scenario whereby it happens too quickly and things don't work? I don't know about too quickly, but there are hair-like projections in the tubes, Sylvia, that kind of help with motility of the egg down the philopian tube into the uterus. The abnormalities on the female side have to do more with potential abnormalities, have to do with like scarring in the tubes or if the tubes are blocked, then then it interferes with the egg like encountering the sperm. And what leads to that? A number of different things, infection probably most commonly, but also scarring from previous surgery potentially or a condition called endometriosis. So there are a number of things that can affect the tubes as well. And so is the day for it, assuming a woman's cycle is predictable and normal and we would just say day 14 is ovulation. That is the day that the egg leaves the ovary or that is the day that the egg reaches a certain place within the philopian tube. Pretty much the day that the egg is released from the ovary. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. And usually encounter sperm in the philopian tube. And that's where fertilization usually happens. And then it takes a few more days for the embryo now or preembrow to travel down the rest of the tube into the uterus and hopefully implant if it's normal. Now, one of the most interesting things here that is worth repeating even though we talked about it last week in case anybody missed it. How many sperm is the egg encountering at the time of fertilization? Really? Yes. Yeah. Millions. So why is it? And I know the answer to this question, but it is so cool. Why is it that one and only one sperm out of millions or even less than that? But let's just say it's hundreds of thousands. Why does only one get to transmit its genetic material into that egg? Well, once an egg is fertilized, there's sort of a chemical reaction if you will that happens to prevent any other sperm from fertilizing eggs. Because that would be bad. Yeah. You only want one sperm and one egg to combine. Yeah, it's like an electrical force field that immediately activates around the egg. Exactly. I find this so fast that it is fascinating. Yeah. So, okay. So now we have and by the way, what is the relative size of an egg to a sperm? The egg is actually much bigger in the sperm. I don't know exactly in my crons. How big it is, but I feel like I used to know this answer and it's shocking how how disparate they are in size. Like the egg is I believe the biggest cell on the body potentially. Yeah, I've checked on that, but I believe that's true. All right. So yeah, you have this massive egg that's basically like this sun and like this tiny little sperm which is like the earth and you know, colliding with it. Okay. So, fertilization takes place and how long from fertilization, how long from impact until you have that single cell, Zygote that actually has a lined up pair of chromosomes? Is that a matter of hours? Yeah, within a few hours. Okay. And then what is the process that occurs for cell division? When that Zygote goes from one to two to four to eight cells. And so a how long does that take? And and b at what point does it implant into the uterus? Yeah. So most of what we know actually about this is from a vitro fertilization or IVF because we can actually see that happening in the petri dish. So usually the with IVF, an egg is fertilized with the next day. We can see if it's fertilized and we know if it's fertilized because it has what we call two pronuclei. So DNA from the sperm and DNA from the egg. And then over the course of the next couple of days, it divides into maybe six to eight cells. So about three days after fertilization, it's six to eight cells and then by five to six days, it's about 60 to 80 cells. And that's kind of the stage where it implants in the uterus. So five, six days after fertilization. All right. So with that said, now we've a pretty good understanding of what all needs to happen for fertilization and implantation. What is the biggest risk to that? And when does it cease to become a zygote? By the way, I don't remember any of my terminology here. You have zygotes and blastas, fears are blastas. Yeah. Yeah. A zygote, I think, is still a single cell that's been fertilized and then it starts to divide. We call it a pre embryo. Okay. And then by two weeks, we call it an embryo, but in IVF, we call it an embryo even in the first few days. Assuming that we have chromosomal alignment, it's two weeks out. So we have a two-week-old embryo that is implanted, what is the greatest risk that is faced by that embryo to coming to fruition as a fetus? Or in fact, going all the way into the third trimester. Like so in other words, we've taken the biggest risk off the table, which is anuploidy. What are the other risks it faces? So once a pregnancy is established, I mean? Yes. So if it's a normal embryo, chances are pretty good that it continues to turn. Okay. So normal, so normal, if we're a macromole, it means chromosome or normal. What else requires normality? Any other genetic issues that get in the way here? There are other genes that play a role in embryo development where those are less understood, but there are certainly other genes involved. So you could have a chromosome-ly normal embryo that fails to develop for other reasons. Okay. Okay. And then there could be uterine factors that also play a role. So a number who may implant, but if there's some structural abnormality for example in the Uvers, maybe that pregnancy can continue and may result in a miscarriage. Got it. Okay. So let's talk about a patient that comes to you and they're going to say, you know, we're having difficulty conceiving, what are the questions you have to to render the diagnosis of infertility, meaning we need some intervention versus, you just need to make a few adjustments in something and I'm not willing to put the label of infertility on. So how do you, is that about be the first bifurcation in thinking? Yeah. We want to take a full medical history, both partners if it's a couple, and that includes, you know, medical history, reproductive history, psychosocial history, sexual history, all those things are important, lifestyle factors we ask about all those things. And the definition of infertility is is trying for about a year. So I'm protected in, of course, for about a year without success. That's the sort of medical definition of infertility. But we start our testing after a year in women who are less than 35 and after six months, if the woman is older than 35, even though it may take longer to get pregnant, if you're older, if there's something wrong, you kind of want to know about it sooner rather than later. So if a couple, female partners over 35 and they've been trying, having time and of course, at the right time, and still not pregnant, then we would initiate some preliminary investigations. On the female side, what's most important usually is we want to ask about the woman's menstrual cycles. You know, are they regular, she's tracking ovulation? Do, does it look like she's ovulating, et cetera? The male side, you know, we want to ask about sexual function and they had a semen analysis. If not, we usually order one because we're interested in the sperm concentration, the motility, the sperm, the shape of the sperm, those types of things. Yeah, one of the things I was very surprised by in the podcast that we did last week on male fertility was how infrequently men are getting evaluated and how many missed opportunity. Then there was how much how much wasted time is being generated because infertility is being assumed to be the responsibility of the female, responsibility might be the wrong word, but it's just assumed that well, that's more likely where it is. So, through no bad intention, the guy is not getting evaluated when the reality the issue could have been with him all along. That's right. Times wasted. Right. When you look at the data, it's about a third of the time, it's a female factor, a third of the time it's a male factor, another third of the time it's some combination of male and female factors. So, yes, definitely one of the first things that we do is the semen analysis on the male partner. And do you guys do that yourselves as well or do you? At the fertility class. Yeah. If there is an abnormality, we usually refer that male partner to a reproductive urologist for further evaluation. But these days, it's recommended, actually, that men, even if they're not trying to get pregnant, sometimes assess their semen analysis and because it can be a marker of other health problems, just like a woman's menstrual cycle can be a marker of other health problems. So, I should qualify that one year timeframe. If you have some reason to believe that you have a fertility problem, I wouldn't necessarily wait a whole year and then go see a provider. If your cycles are regular, if you think you might have places to go over, you send or something, then you definitely want to see somebody sooner than a year. Is it possible to say anything about fertility rates changing over the past 50 years? Is there any statement you can make on that? Yeah, there are some data that seems to suggest that infertility rates are increasing over the last several years. It's pretty common. I don't know if your listeners know, but about the lifetime risk of infertility for each person's about one in six. So that's close to 20%. In the last few years, the United States seems to be kind of a plateau of the prevalence, but let me just ask you to clarify in question, Paula. So if a woman gets pregnant in her 20s, but then in her 30s meets the criteria for infertility, which she be considered one of those one in six? Okay. So we're going to say that the one in six means someone who wants to get pregnant at a certain point in their life can't. Exactly. Lifetime prevalence, exactly. Exactly. And as far as the reasons for the increase in infertility prevalence, it's not super well understood. Part of the reasons delayed child barriers. Is this what it does say? You could make it 100% if every woman decides to have a baby when she's 70. Like defamation will have 100% for mortality. Exactly. Exactly. Exactly. Yeah. So women are waiting longer, of course, to start their families, to pursue education, careers, etc. Maybe they haven't found the right partner. And so that defamation is contributing to increase rates of fertility. There's some data that show that sperm counts are decreasing globally. It's a little controversial, but that might be plain and roll. There might be a slight increase risk and sexually transmitted diseases as well. So all those things are probably factors. Is there an analysis that's tried to get at this by normalizing to female age? Because it seems to me that if you could say rather than make it lifetime prevalence, because that's going to be subject to all the problems you stated. But what if we just said for women aged 28 to 32 to 32 to 35? Like if we made narrow buckets of age, we could we could then kind of get a better sense of whether there's a true infertility issue. Has that analysis been done? It's definitely been looked at by age. I don't know the data off top of my head. It's been looked at by age over time. But definitely your chance of infertility is higher. If you're 40 compared to, if you're 20 or even 30. But do we know if a 30-year-old woman today has a higher rate of infertility than a 30-year-old woman 50 years ago? We think so, but I don't know that data off top of my head. I got it. And so if the answer there is yes, we would then, I don't know that it would answer all our questions, because it could still be explained by decreasing sperm count. It could still be explained by increasing paternal age. You know, this would be very difficult analysis to do. Right. Environmental factors as well. Our exposures are different now than we're 50 years ago. Well, and then the question of course would be if this is an environmental reason, what are the environmental triggers now? You mentioned STDs a minute ago. So how do STDs in which STDs play a role in fertility? The ones most well-earned are to probably gonorrhea and climediore, which are very common sexually transmitted diseases. And on the female side, those particular infections can ascend to the phlopian tubes and cause scarring in the phlopian tubes, which then interfere with that process that we talked about earlier, or the egg in the sperm meeting and can lead to infertility. And is that something that happens if it is left untreated, or is that something that's easy to address with antibiotics, if caught early? I mean, if it's caught early, then it's usually treatable with antibiotics, or there are some issues with antibiotic resistance, especially with gonorrhea. But usually if you catch it early, it's treatable. But if it's late stage, or it's unrecognized, or untreated, then it has more likely, more likely to send to the phlopian tubes, where usually cause fertility problems. How prevalent is gonorrhea today in the US? I think it's pretty common. Really? Yeah. Yeah. In certain populations is more common than others, but unfortunately. And there's a number of reasons for that. Some of it is just lack of awareness and education about safe sex practices. Maybe less testing, as well, especially you saw that during the pandemic for sure. How does it present? In women usually with pelvic pain, fever, vaginal discharge, those are the most common symptoms. And is it equally transmissible from male to female and female to male? It's probably more transmissible from male to female. And is it an STD where the person who has it knows it? Like if a male has it, does he know he has it? Not always. It's not. It's not transmitted this readily. Yeah, not always. Okay. What about HSV? Does that factor in fertility at all? Not as much. No. Climity, again, I apologize for my ignorance. I just don't remember any of this stuff since taking the USMLE exams. Tell me how Climity presents and how it impacts fertility. The same, actually. Yeah, very similarly. So pelvic pain, fever, usually they're both present together. Okay. And does it have the same pathology where it creates? It ascends the phalopian tubes and scars the tubes. Yeah. So if it were a case scenario, if a woman undergoes a severe infection with one or both of these, it's not treated in time. She has completely scarred phalopian tubes. Is it still likely that she could get pregnant through IVF? Are the eggs still general? Is the are the eggs in uterus still preserved enough to? Yes. Yes. It doesn't usually affect the uterus or the eggs or the ovaries. Yes. Now, she may not know that she has blocked tubes until she starts trying because you wouldn't necessarily feel different if you're two sort of blocks. So one of the tests we were talking earlier about, you know, what testing we might do in addition to a semen analysis and getting immense real history, etc. is we usually do an x-ray test. It's called a histrocellpingogram or H.S.G. for short. Yep. And it's done specifically to evaluate whether or not the tubes are open. So are you just injecting contrast in, you go into the externally, you go into the cervix, into the, and you just inject die and take an x-ray. Exactly. And you're looking for how smooth. And so tell me what is a normal phalopian tube look like on that test. So first the die. So it's done in radiology facility usually by radiologists, although some gynecologists do this test as well. But usually fills up the uterus so you can also see the uterus. And then the tubes are kind of like these wire like, yeah, what's the diameter of a normal phalopian tube in that setting? Like less than a centimeter. Yeah. That's that's pretty big. Yeah, the whole tube, but the actual sort of opening. No, yeah, how big is the lumen? My crons. Oh, wow. Okay. Or millenures. I don't know. Exactly. But you can see it. Definitely see it on. Yes, right? And you can see it. It's probably a millimetre or more than not my crissure. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. And then the die is filling up the tubes and then spilling out the tubes. So you can see that. The ovaries are not visualized because of the finger-like projection. So it's actually spilling die into the parent neum at this point. Right. Okay. Right. And based on that visual inspection, a train radiologist and gyn can say, that is smooth, that looks great versus that is jagged and or obstructed. Right. Now, if it's obstructed, I assume that the woman has a much bigger problem, which is every month, one of those eggs comes out. It's not getting past the point. Right. Does it just atrophy and get reabsorbed? Yes. I see. So it wouldn't necessarily cause pain. Yeah. No. By the way, we didn't talk about this earlier. We took it for granted. This is happening with two separate sides. Yeah. And like it's just mind boggling to me that there is one that is being selected and the one that's happening in one side, somehow that signal is making it to the other side to say, you don't, you can't do it this month. Right. How does that sound? That's what I who knows. We don't know. We have no idea. No idea. No idea. Something to do with the receptors on the eggs in particular, her monolmule you, maybe there's some, you know, nerve, the players are all, we have no idea that actually. But it is on average 50% from one side and 50% from the other side. And it's a coin toss. Right. And it's not necessarily alternating, but it's on average 50%. Right. It would be like heads is left, tails is right. If you throw it for enough times, it's 50-50, but not necessarily back to back. Exactly. Yeah. Again, I, this is mind boggling to me. Yeah. It's fascinating. It's not only, it's, it's mind boggling if it were just one overy. But the fact that these things are physically, you know, a foot up or not a foot, but half a foot apart. And some signal is transmitted in this woman's body. Yep. I mean, it's, yeah. Yeah. We don't quite understand it. That's incredible to me. Yeah. Yeah. Or, you know, whatever that egg that's being selected somehow develops the appropriate receptors or whatever that only it can respond to, you know, the hormones. Yeah. It's not necessarily signaling to the other ones, but it's something is happening to that one that's being selected. Yeah. That's making it the so-called dominant ballacle for that cycle. Yeah. I suppose that's a more likely, unplausible scenario is that something stochastically triggers one and only one to develop a high enough receptor concentration for FSH or LH or something so that it becomes the only one that can receive. It's the only one that develops the radar. Right. Now, of course, when we do in vitro fertilization, we're giving much higher doses of FSH and multiple X are growing. So you can overcome this process and get multiple X to grow. Yeah. But we don't totally understand physiologically. What makes just one grow each month. Okay. So let's say you do the analysis and I assume if you if there's scarring on one side, but not the other, would you intervene or would you just say no, we just have to, it's just going to take twice as long for one to get through. Yeah. There's still a chance to get pregnant, although whatever process calls the scarring and the one to, probably affected the other tube as well. So just because it's open, doesn't mean that it's functioning normally. Certainly can give, give it a few months of trying. But the other issue you have to worry about is what we call an ectopic pregnancy. If that tube is not normal, if fertilization happens, that embryo can implant in the tube. And that's kind of a very dangerous situation because obviously the tube can accommodate a pregnancy so usually eventually that causes pain and if it goes unrecognized. So surgical emergency. Yeah. Exactly. At how many weeks of gestation is a woman typically? Because that's, you know, I did my training in general surgery. So that was one of the things we were always thinking about was ectopic pregnancies for women presenting with abdominal pain. But I don't think I know the answer to this question, which is how many weeks of gestation is a woman when she's showing up in the ER complaining of abdominal pain? Usually about six to eight weeks pregnancy. It's two months pregnant. Right. Now, remember we time, yeah, pregnancy from like two weeks before ovulation. So she's, you know, by the time she recognizes that she's pregnant, she's already a month pregnant. Yep. So in the next month, it's probably the most common time or those, the topic pregnancy is present. So when a woman has an ectopic pregnancy, can that philopian tube be salvaged? Sometimes, sometimes if you recognize it early, it can be treated either medically or surgically and that tube can be salvaged. If you recognize it late in the tube ruptures, then often time the treatment is to just remove the tube, plus especially if it's not functioning normally. Yeah. So when you remove that, let's just say it's a young woman. She's 25 years old. You can't salvage the tube. You end up taking the tube. You're leaving the ovary. Right. So you still want her to have her endocrine system intact. Right. What's happening to the eggs that come out of that tube? They just get released into the abdomen, the puritanamin, resort. So do you tell that woman your fertility rate just went down by 50 percent? Kind of. Yeah. Yeah. She can still get pregnant. If she has the other tube intact, but most of the time if the egg ovulates from the right it's going to try and go down the right side. Although there have been cases where, you know, you can ovulate from the right ovary and it can travel down. It makes it's way over to the middle of the way. It's way over there. Yeah. It's rare. Wow. So it could happen. Yeah. What are the risks for actopic pregnancy besides former STDs that lead to scarring in the tube? A previous surgery, pelvic surgery in particular like ruptured appendix or something like that. Endometriosis can cause scarring of the tubes. Those are probably the most common. Okay. Any genetic component to this? If your mom had an actopic pregnancy or you? Not that we know of. Let's go back to our hypothetical case here. So woman comes in. Let's just assume for the sake of simplicity. The work up on her male partner totally fine. Yes. His sperm are fine. The radiograph shows that she has at least to the to the eye normal phlobion tubes. What's the next step in the work up? So we want to assess her cycles and ovulation. So if she's ovulating regularly, then we call that sort of unexplained. How do you know that she is? Let's say she is determined by the fact that she has a regular period. Does that alone tell you that? Usually. Usually it would be unusual to have regular periods and not be ovulating. But what it could happen? How stringent is your definition for a regular period? It's not 28 days necessary. Not necessarily. Yeah. There's a range. You know, it could be anywhere from like 21 to 35 days Wow. That's a pretty big range. Are you more. So you are less concerned with the number of days of the cycle and more concerned with the fact that whatever the days are, it's just repeating over and over again? Yes. If you mean duration of the period, yeah. That's not as important as how frequently the period is. How you'd be happy? It was 21 days, but it was always 21 days. That's better than 24, 28, 31. Well, there is some normal variation. So sometimes all, I'll see a patient should say my periods are very regular. Sometimes they're 26 days. Sometimes they're 32. I consider that normal. Yeah. It's not. Okay. Usually, always 28 days are always 21 days. There's some normal variation. Irregular would be your skipping months or maybe you're getting a period, every three months or and what's happening in that situation in a young woman? Yeah. There are a number of different causes. Probably the most common is something called polycystic ovary syndrome. It's a very common hormonal condition. We don't know exactly. What causes it? I feel like I'm saying that a lot about women's health. Right? We don't know exactly what causes and because we're not investing enough in women's research. Why do you think that is? This this came up on another podcast on HRT, which is another one of my big sort of rallying cries, which is how pathetic it is that we haven't done in a research. I mean, why do you think this is given how important a subject this is? You know, political reasons, I think gender inequality, all kinds of reasons like that. Do we have a sense objectively that there is a difference in this type of research? Or do we think it's just that well, maybe there's equal amounts of funding, but the innate problems associated with the female reproductive system or female health in general are so much more complicated that even at equal funding levels, we're going to be far behind in our understanding. Yeah, no, I think it's a good idea. There's just a data that the funding for women's health research, it's like 10%. It's like up the overall NIH budget, for example, it's very small. If you look at reproductive health, it's even smaller. So it's a huge issue. Let's talk about polycystic ovarian syndrome. So what's the prevalence of it in, let's say women age call it 15 to 30? Yeah, super common about six to eight percent of women will have polycystic every syndrome. Most common symptoms are irregular periods. Also evidence of high-endrogen levels, and that can usually present with acne or excess hair growth. We call that here's a toism obesity or being overweight. That's also part of the syndrome, not everybody who has the same. And the endrogens are specifically testosterone. Could it be just testosterone just DHA, DHA? But both, but typically elevated testosterone from the ovaries. Yeah. Okay. So is that the cause or the effect? We don't know. We don't know, but it's definitely almost all women with PCOS that they have higher endrogen levels. And why is PCOS seemingly also highly associated with insulin resistance? Again, we don't know exactly, but we think the endrogens play a role. We think there might be some genetic factors that play a role. I don't know that we understand why, but we certainly have recognized in the last several decades that most women with PCOS also happen to be insulin resistant. But we don't know the direction of causality? No. We know that not everybody who's insulin resistant has PCOS, of course, because not all diabetic, serencelerate. There we also know that some women with PCOS are not insulin resistant, correct? Probably on some level they are, but they're able to compensate. And certainly it's more likely if they tend to be overweight as well. So it's definitely multifactorial. And I guess it's like we're treating PCOS now more like other complex diseases, like obesity or hypertension, etc. There's lots of things going on. But based on what you just said, if there is any causality between them, it's more likely that the PCOS is driving the insulin resistance than the other way around. Given the number of women that are insulin resistant who do not have PCOS, yeah, that's probably true. So then the question is what do we need to do to treat PCOS? Right. So depends on the goal of the patient, right? So if they're trying to get pregnant, there's one set of treatments. If they're not trying to get pregnant, but they have PCOS, then we usually focus on their cycles, because it's generally not a good idea to go too long in between cycles, because what can happen is the lining of the uterus can overgrow. If it overgrow too much, it can become what we call hyperplastic, worst case scenario cancers. You definitely don't want that. So it's important to be shutting that lining or to be on hormonal suppression so that that doesn't happen. If the goal is to treat the hyper-indrogenic symptoms like the acne and the hercetism, again, hormonal treatments, usually effective for that. When you say hormonal treatments, you mean like spironolactone and things like that? Well usually start with birth control pills. Birth control pills are very effective for most symptoms of PCOS. It'll regulate the cycles, decrease endrogen levels, help with the hercetism and acne, etc. So let's talk about why. So a birth control pill is a high dose of a synthetic estrogen and progestin that's given 21 days and then paused for a week. I mean, meaning you take it every day, but the last week is a placebo. So is the reason that that helps with the hyper-androgenism because it raises sex homoenbinding lobulin so much that it mobs up all the excess testosterone? Part of the reason. I'm impressed by your endocrinology knowledge. Yes, that's part of the reason. And by the way, you can't take it that way you described where you have a bleed every month, but you don't have to. Many people take it continuously these days so you don't have a period at all. But then doesn't that address the issue that you were talking about or does the synthetic estrogen, the synthetic progestin offset the hyperplasia and then you don't care? Right. When you take the combination of estrogen, progesterone usually the line becomes quite thin. Then anyway, okay. Okay. So two mechanisms of action. When you're taking those hydroceases of estrogen and progesterone, it's suppressing the pituitary hormones, namely the LH and FSH. But the LH is what drives the testosterone production in the ovary. So that's one mechanism. And the other one is the one you describe. So the estrogen component of the pill will increase the sex hormone binding lobulin. So you have less free testosterone around. So again, that will help with those symptoms. We talked about. Okay. So women with PCOS doesn't want to get pregnant. Right. Just wants to reduce the androgen impact and protect her uterus. A constant or a contraceptive is a great strategy. It's a great strategy. Yeah. There are others. You know, it could be a progestin IUD. That's a hormone way of IUD. So there are a number of different ones or just taking progesterone every few months. That usually will help protect the lining, but probably won't decrease the hydrogen levels. Can how often do you place women who have PCOS also with insulin resistance on metformin? Do you find that or any of the other diabetic agents to be particularly useful? Occasionally. Yeah. And that's an important point because women as we said who have PCOS or insulin resistant, which predisposes them to diabetes. So those women need to be screened periodically for diabetes. And we commonly use metformin to either treat pre-diabetes or to try and prevent diabetes. Does insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes independently impair fertility? All things being equal. Absent PCOS. That's a loaded question. Yeah. In some cases, I mean, there's some data that shows that metabolic diseases of chronic diseases can impact fertility mechanisms again are unclear, or probably related to both ovulation, dysfunction, and also endometrial receptivity. Okay. So now, I assume that's the easier way to treat PCOS is the woman who does not want to get pregnant. So now let's talk about the woman with PCOS, but who is also trying to conceive. Right. What is your playbook? So we always counsel these patients as well. I should mention whether they're trying to get pregnant or not, especially if they're overweight or obese weight loss helps with all the symptoms of PCOS. So healthy diet, lifestyle, etc. And how much of a role are GLP1 agonist playing in this? Now, how much more success are you having with treating PCOS that way? Yeah, increasingly. And they're very successful as you know for weight loss and there've been some studies on PCOS patients specifically very effectively. What if you know any of those data? I'm not familiar with you. Yeah, they work really well, just like they work. Can people with diabetes or people who with obesity without diabetes? Problem is you can't get pregnant while you're taking them in the current recommendation is to stop for at least two months. And you pardon my ignorance why? Because we don't have any data on whether they're safe. Yeah. And so FDA is saying when FDA, I forget the FDA's classification for this. There's like ABCX or something like that for every drug. Yes, and I haven't looked for that one specifically, but I'm sure it's like X because we have no data. Okay. So that's an important message for anybody listening. If you're trying to get pregnant, you should not be on a GLP1 agonist because we don't understand the impact of that. Right. You can be on it pre-pregnancy just the recommendation is to stop for at least two months. Okay. Now, having said that, there've been lots of you may have read about a Zempek baby. So like people getting pregnant on GLP1. So there is a registry. And so far to my knowledge, there haven't been reported birth defects in that type of thing, but obviously we're talking about small number of patients. Yeah, that's the second point. Now that you mentioned that, now we're called hearing about that. So presumably these are women who have taken either, you know, some of GLP1 tied to a Zepatide and presumably they get pregnant, yes. Either intentionally or not. Okay. So that's a very interesting, interesting registry to follow. Right. Right. Now, of course, once they find out, they're pregnant usually. There's just a council. It's not a plan. Yeah. So we don't know what would happen if you continue on something. Anybody wants to do that? Yeah. Study at the moment. Yeah, it doesn't make sense. We certainly don't want women who are pregnant to not want to eat. Understanding that a woman who's got PCOS is going to be first counsel to make these changes that effectively help her lose weight and increase her metabolic health. Let's say she is somewhat successful, but still unable to address the concern. Right. So luckily, they're very good. Obulation and do see medications available. So what we would typically recommend for someone with PCOS to help them formulate more regularly is a medication called letrasal. The brand name is Femara. It's just a medication you take for five days in your cycle and then we can usually assess the ovulation with ultrasound. And what does it do? Basically, it's category of medication called aromatase inhibitors, which blocks the conversion of testosterone to the estrogen. Right. And the estrogen that lower estrogen, somehow triggers the pituitary to increase the accretion of FSH and LH and that stimulates the ovary to again get one of those follicles. And is the reason you use something like an aromatase inhibitor as opposed to clomophene or Hcg is just that it's a smaller nudge and you're starting out with it? No, we used to use clomid first line for PCOS, but then there was a study that came out several years ago comparing the two and show the pregnancy rates were a little bit higher with letrasal. Clomid's perfectly good as well, but letrasal's better for PCOS. So if you have access to letrasal, that's very counterintuitive. Well, if you think about it, when you you take an aromatase inhibitor, you're going to lower estrogen, but not, I mean, I guess it depends on the dose. I guess I'm trying to think of like an astrasal, which I'm more familiar with than letrasal. I suppose if you took a milligram of an astrasal every day for five days, you would drive estrogen down, but I didn't think you would, I didn't think that that reduction in estrogen would lead to a high enough amount of petrope and releasing hormone, which is effectively what has to be happening. It has to be going up to drive this accretion of LH and FSH. Right. Yeah, yeah, that's again, that's still counterintuitive. To me, I would just think that giving 50 to 100 milligrams of plummet would have a much bigger impact on that. It also works, but yeah, correct. Yeah, randomized control trial had to have comparison show the pregnancy rates were better for some reason with the letrasal compared to Clomid. Okay, and does it matter when in her cycle, she takes the letrasal? Usually, it's recommended from day three to five with the first day of full bleeding we call that day one. Yep. So early. What if she's not on what at the point is, is she's not having her period, how do you then time it? We induce superior, not a real period, but we induce a withdrawal bleed by giving progesterone typically. Okay, so you give a woman progesterone and then by withdrawing the progesterone, you cut that's so cool. Yeah, you guys are so manipulative. I know. How much does this research zone do you give? Usually about 200? No, 5 to 10 milligrams of a mojoxy progesterone acetate, or you can give micro-nice progesterone for about seven to 10 days. Only five to 10 milligrams of micro-nice progesterone? No, micro-nice progesterone 200 milligrams. Okay, yeah, so the full party dose of micro-nice progesterone for five days. Yeah, but drugs see progesterone acetate five times. Yeah, and then and by the way, do you have a preference for MPA versus micro-nice? No, not really. Okay. It's because it's such a short. Yes. So you give the full dose of endometriol progesterone for five days. Yeah. The second you take it off, it's the withdrawal of progesterone that causes the lining to shed. Right. And then we call that day one and then you set on day five, we go ahead and start ripening the follicle right, ripening the follicle with the aromatase inhibitor. Three to seven. Yeah. For five days. Okay. Wow. Yeah. Very cool. Yeah. And then we usually do an ultrasound around a 12-ish and you could see one of those follicles starting to grow. Usually, not all patients will respond. So sometimes we have to increase the dose or sometimes we have to try a different medication. But most patients with PCOS will respond to that medication. So would you say that every single woman out there with PCOS who wants to get pregnant has access to a doctor that understands what you just described and can do that for her. Or do you worry that too many women are being shunted to IVF too soon without an attempted something like this? I definitely think they're probably not enough people who totally understand management of PCOS, especially in the context of fertility treatment for sure. And even in the context of non-infertily treatment, often what I hear from patients had irregular periods. Somebody told them to start going on the birth control pill. They never told them why. They didn't even know what they had PCOS, right? It happens to be the correct treatment. So great. But you know, they've gone years now, not understanding that they have PCOS and the implications of that, which as we talked about their metabolic implications, etc. So that's a problem. But once they want to become pregnant, very few general gynecologists are set up to be able to treat patients with either a comment or letra's also some of them do, but it's not like a fertility clinic with reproductive and chronologists because we're set up to do monitoring seven days a week in that type of thing. But not everybody has access to it for fertility specialists kind of buried dependent on where you live. A little bit better now with telehealth, but still access to the salon. You have to do the sonogram when you're doing this. You don't have to, but you want to know whether the woman's responding meaning that she's actually ovulating. There are other ways to assess that. If she gets a period at the right time, that she probably ovulated or if she gets pregnant, of course, or you can check a progesterone level in the Lugneal phase. The second half of the cycle, if it's elevated, she probably ovulated. Yeah, we just happen to use ultrasound just easier. And how much of what you're describing is covered with typical health insurance? Depends, depends where you live, and the United States is very state dependent. So some states have infertile insurance mandates where your employer's insurance policy has to provide, infertility, diagnostic, and treatment. But many states infertilities not covered, or they might just cover the testing portion, but then not cover the treatment portions. So that's a huge problem. Okay, you're in Oregon. I'm in Oregon. And what is the state there? We don't have an infertile insurance mandate yet. Although we're working on it. It's actually a bill in session. This regular session now that we're trying to get past because we infertilities of disease, like every other disease, and we think it shouldn't matter where you live. You should have access to the appropriate treatment. So in our state, it kind of depends on your employer and whether they provide that particular insurance coverage. And so if a person has health insurance that does not cover reproductive care, how much would be the cost of what you just described the outer pocket. Yeah, so lecturers all and clomid or just oral maturity. Yeah, they're cheap. Yeah, but then you add the ultrasound monitoring that could be another $300 at your pay not a pocket. And then if you're doing like intra-utering insemination, for example, which we haven't talked about yet. But let's just say just what we talked about is still a really cheap treatment, right? Relatively. Yeah, so a few hundred dollars a month. But for some people that could be a lot. Yeah, but relative to what we're about to talk about right. This is this is still well within the purview of out-of-pocket. For sure. Compared to what's coming. Yeah. For sure. And so you kind of alluded to it, but I'm guessing you're saying, look, we would give this three tries. Would that be a fair assessment? Usually. So we'd go through three consecutive cycles of this. And it's interesting. So there's two ways that this treatment could fail. Right? The first is each time we did the ultrasound, we just didn't see an egg. So not respond. We were not responding to the follicle stimulation. Right. Let's talk about what the implication is there. Alternatively, you could say, God, three out of three months, we actually got ovulation. But we didn't get fertilization. Right. If you were three months of that, I assume in parallel you're doing the male work up because nothing would be a greater crime than going to a regular job. Right. And then you figured out the sperm was the problem. Right. But let's assume you have that box checked. Would you be more inclined to continue that treatment for another three to six months? Yeah. Yeah. And someone who hasn't been ovulating, they haven't tried for a year even. Right. Have anything met the criteria for total? Exactly. So there's nothing magic about three months. But that's, you know, at least a check-in point where we say, hey, do we continue doing this? Or do we move on to something else? So if it's a young person and this is like the first time they're ovulating in their life, then yeah, we give them more time on a less invasive treatment, less expensive treatment. Okay. If they're like 3840, you know, we probably move on to something else. Okay. So let's go to the first case I described. So you get no ovulation. Yeah. Okay. Three times no ovulation. We're not going to waste her time anymore. But she's still young. So what's your next step in the algorithm? So typically, so it's I mean, we've tried higher doses and different medication like plummet or whatever. Still not responding. Then we typically move on to a class of medication called Genata trope ends or essentially FSH or follicle stimulating hormone, same hormone. Not average. You don't give HcG directly. It's a little bit of combination. We do eventually give HcG to trigger ovulation. But so we could either use those medications with either time to intercourse or an intra-inion elimination or with IVF. Okay. That middle option with time intercourse and in some any intra-inion elimination is kind of fallen out of favor a little bit because those medications are very expensive. Quite a lot of monitoring, success rate with IUI or time intercourse is much lower than IVF. So we usually skip that and go directly to IVF. Okay. If you are going to use FSH and LH give me a sense of cost, what dose are you using of HcG? So if the plan is just for time intercourse and treat our insemination, we use maybe 1 to 3 ampules of FSH and 75 units. The whole cycle, if you include the monitoring, IUI, etc, could be like $3 or $4,000. So you can see, yeah, we're a big step up. Yeah. After a few cycles, it's almost the same cost as an IVF cycle. So you're like better off, especially if the patient wants to have or the couple wants to have more than one child. Yep. You know, the advantage of IVF is you can freeze embryos. So if you want to have two or three kids, you might as well just do IVF and bank those embryos because otherwise you're going to have to do the same thing all over again for your second kid or your third kid. Yep. I see. So basically, intra-utarin insemination has largely fallen out of favor based on does that also mean the cost of IVF is coming down? Is that also making it more attractive? Yep. So IUI's very common still. I see. Okay. But we do it. You know, we were talking specifically about the patient with the US who's not obligating. Right. Right. Right. Right. Got it. Got it. But otherwise, if you have a patient who is obligating and has maybe unexplained and fertility tubes are open. Yeah. In this case, you don't have to use a hormone to make her ovulate. You just need an ultrasound, which is relatively cheap to know when she's going to ovulate. Yeah, we still use the medication though because we super-opulate. So normally you just make one egg. So when someone's already ovulating, the goal of fertility medications is to get them to release more than one egg. So two eggs, three eggs, more eggs around, higher chance that one of them is going to be normal and one is going to fertilize. What does the graph look like of number of eggs versus probability of twins triplets, et cetera? Yeah. That's one of the downsides, right? So the risk of multiples with the oral medications, like, kilometer letters all, is about 5 to 8%. So not super high, but definitely higher than if the patient were to conceive without medication. So that's something we counsel them about. But it's very common as a first-line treatment to do oral medication with IUI, even in the context of normal sperm, I would say, although it's more important. Of course, if there's a male component and then if that didn't work in three cycles, then move on to IVF. And with the injectables, what is the risk of multiple pregnancies? Much higher, like 25 to 35%. Yeah. Okay. And how many eggs are typically? It depends on the dose of the medication. So of course, when we're doing IVF, we want a lot of eggs. So it's 10 to 15 eggs. But if we're doing IUI, it could be like three to five eggs. Or it depends on the dose and depends on the age of the patient, et cetera. So what's falling out of favors injectables with IUI? That's kind of, we don't do that very much. Got it. Makes sense. Yeah. Back in the day, when every time you're in the grocery store and you saw the cover of the national inquire, and then it was like, this woman just had 47 babies, like what the hell was going on in those areas? I think in the early days of IVF, well, even before IVF, when people just had access to injectables in IUI, most of the multiple pregnancies were from not from IVF, but from injectables in IUI. Because literally there were women having eight and nine babies at a time. Yeah. That famous octopalid case, I think that was actually an IVF case. So in the early days of IVF, when IVF was not very successful, we had to transfer many embryos to get decent pregnancy rates. And some of the time, more than one would take. So the pregnancy rates were the multiple pregnancy rates. But you're saying that situation, they would have transferred eight and all eight took. Yeah. I'm not saying it was the right thing to do, but that's what happened. Okay. One can split into two, but yeah. In that particular case, more than the recommended number were transferred. So now they're very strict guidelines from the American Society for Reproductive Medicine, which is our professional organization that almost always were transferring just one embryo these days. Unless a couple says, I'd actually like to have twins. Yeah. We kind of discouraged that. Why? Because twins are riskier. They're riskier for the babies and for the mom. So the riskier in an IVF setting? No, they're just riskier in general. But as is our IVF twins, do they pose any more risk to either fetus or mom than naturally conceive twins? Yes. There is some data that was suggest that IVF pregnancies are more complicated. Have a higher risk of complication than spontaneous pregnancies? We don't know exactly why. If it's the IVF or the fact that people who need IVF have underlying conditions that may predispose them to some of these complications. Overwhelmingly, the data is reassuring that pregnancies do find the babies to find. But we definitely know that twins, whether you're conceive them spontaneously or with IVF, the risk of almost every pregnancy complication is going to be higher. So this is the risk of pre-eclampsia, helps in blood clot like anything that is retention, hemorrhage, yes, need fersy section, all those risk premature delivery. Got it. All those risks are increased. So we don't intentionally like to produce twins although it happens sometimes, obviously. So, oh, this is fascinating stuff. So let's I'm just trying to take this in some sort of thoughtful order. Should we now move to IVF? Would you want to say a little bit more about IVY? We haven't really talked directly about IVY. I don't know what it is about when people say turkey-based or it went to me, pringe like that. It's just such a gross image to me. So I am deliberately not going to say other than that woman ago that I just said it. But just so that people know what we mean by intruder and insemination. Just to be clear, you are not using a turkey-based or definitely not. Okay, thank God. Must disgusting. I don't know why. Yes, so gross. So can you explain how IVY is done? We've already said that with IVY, you largely favor an oral preparation. Usually. Yeah. Okay. So that means you're using an oral set of hormones so that the woman doesn't have a massive proliferation of follicles. So male ejaculates, do you want fresh semen or do you care if it's frozen? What's the difference in success? Yeah, same, same. So we have, you know, single women as well and female same sex couples who would also be doing, and don't learn some ination in that case. And we don't see any difference between fresh semen and frozen semen. No, assuming the sperm is not on the ground. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. So the indications for IVY would be either those scenarios I mentioned, single women, same sex couples, or if there's a couple with unexplained infertile, you just can't find a reason. So you just want to try and sort of optimize their chances. Or if there's a male factor right. So if there's like this, you know, lower sperm count, lower mortality, the idea with IVY is that the female partner would typically take fertility medication to increase the number of eggs. She would track her ovulation when she's ovulating. She would come to the clinic. The male partner would come to the clinic, produce the sperm sample. We process the sperm, which is basically, you know, we collect the best sperm in a small volume, and then place that sperm directly into the uterus through the cervix. So the problem that you're able to overcome on the sperm side would be number and motility. Yeah, or morphology, like any abnormality in the Cemen analysis, as long as it's not very chromosome. So, I mean, obviously you can't overcome right. Right. So, so if the sperm are too few, they don't move well enough if they're defective in most ways IVYF. Yeah, it's more specifically XC, where we actually, in which stands for Interacidoplasmic sperm injection, where we actually take a sperm and inject it directly into an egg. So, first of the beer male factor, that would be the recommended treatment. But, you know, the sperm's a little bit low, but it's not too bad. Then I UI, we would try a few cycles of that first. Okay, so when in the woman's cycle, how many days before she ovulates, do you want to inject those sperm into the mouth of the uterus? Essentially, the day she's ovulating. So this is interesting to me because one of the things that I took away from the discussion with Paul last week was that if you look at the probability distribution curve of when a pregnancy occurs, the the ejaculate enters the uterus prior to ovulation. You have a, I forget what he said, 80% of pregnancies occur when the sperm are there prior to ovulation. Only 20, and I could be wrong on this I've already forgotten. I think only 20% occur post ovulation. So the tail falls off much quicker. Yes, it is true that if there's sperm around prior to ovulation, it can hang around for a while because it lives two to three days or so whereas the lifespan of the ovulated egg is much shorter. So based on that, wouldn't it make sense to put the sperm in prior to ovulation? You can use it just to risky to try and anticipate when that is. You know, if it's a straight couple, we'll tell them to also have an error course. There are a couple days around the time of ovulation, but the pregnancy rates in these probably back early studies that have looked at this show that probably the highest pregnancy rate if you do the insemination on the day. God. That you think the patient is ovulating and we're doing that with ultrasound. Usually, LH monitoring. So patient will either monitor her urine, LH, and remember LH goes up just before ovulation. We typically also look do ultrasound based on the size of the follicles. We can tell we sometimes trigger ovulation with HCG, which kind of simulates the woman's own LH surge. So if you want to be pretty precise. How big a dose of HCG do you need to? Usually 5,000 units, which is half a vow. It's a lot, probably more than physiologic, but it the purpose is to cause release of the egg and then we time the insemination to happen when we think the ovulation is happening. Okay. Do you ever do the following? This is like me just thinking out the box. Get the male to bank a ton of sperm. So take weeks to get or if she's going to a sperm bank if it's a single or same-sex couple, whatever. Just get multiple allocats of semen. And starting so on day one, insert, day two, insert, day three, give 10,000 IU of HCG, insert, and then day four insert. In other words, cover your bases and just have lots of seam and sitting around and then force the ovulation. Wouldn't that be just a... I mean, you could do that or the couple could just up-sex and you know, I think. Right, but we then introduce another variable, right, which is that what if the what if the semen are what if the count is low enough? Because if if he's ejaculating every day, you're not having a chance to fully rebuild the supply. What if his motility is anything other than perfect? Or in the other case, what if we're dealing with same-sex couples or a single mom? Yeah, there have been studies looking at like two IUIs compared to one. And specifically in like same-sex couples or single women, show no difference. And remember, especially if you're paying out a pocket for all these things, it has to be worth it to yeah. So at some point, even if when I proposed worked better, it's going to approach the cost of of the 5GF. Right, like how much better and is it worth like another $400, five days now your cost to be your IUIs cycles all of a sudden? Yeah. $2000, you know, yeah. So those are practical considerations as well. So feel free to partition this in any way you want. If you look at all uses of IUI, what is the success rate? And feel free to, again, divide that up into different cases. The pregnancy success rate really depends on the age of the female partner. So if it's a young woman in the 20s, success rate might approach success rate for natural consumption, which might be 2025 per cycle. But if you're, you know, if it's a woman over 35, might be 10 to 15 percent. If it's a woman over 40, might only be 1 to 5 percent per cycle. Wow. And that's because, again, it's all about quality of the egg. So even though an egg is released, maybe two eggs are released if those eggs aren't normal, they're not going to for a less than implant. Okay. So we've covered a whole lot of fertility treatments. It seems that the likelihood that a woman who's undergone some of the things we've discussed that still ends up going down to the IVF pathways is reasonably high. Yeah, the majority of people don't need IVF again. It depends on the age of the female partner specifically and what the problem is. So let's just go sub 35. Okay. So of all women who present with defined infertility, which if she's under 35, means more than a year of regular sex and no pregnancy, walk through the success rate of pregnancy by modality. So under 35, infertility for a year, how many are successful with just an oral treatment absentee IVA? Yeah, again, distorted depends on what the cause of the infertility is. Is it unexplained or is it PCOS? No, let's say unexplained. Yeah, unexplained? Probably less than 50 percent will get pregnant with IVA and have to move on to IVF because unexplained to me means either they're it's bad luck or more likely if something going on, we just can't figure it out. And those cases almost always IVF is going to give you a higher chance of success. Oh, sorry. Yes, that I can understand for sure. I'm saying how many of them will need to get IVF? Or is that what are you answering? Yeah, yeah, that's what it was getting at. And you know, for PCOS, their problem was they just weren't ovulating. So probably 80 percent of those people will get pregnant with just ovulationduction and IVI. So there's no therapy, basically, is the dressing of the body. Yeah, if it's very severe male factor, it's probably I UI, not going to work. Yeah. You know, so really kind of depends on the, you know, what the ideology of the infertility. And so now if we talk about age 35 to 45. Yeah. So, and again, let's take PCOS off the table in this age group. So let's just say we're talking 35 to 45 year old women. PCOS, not an issue and let's just also assert male, not an issue. That's been worked out unexplained infertility. So I guess now technically you would call it six months of, of of of of not getting pregnant would be sufficient. But here how many what percentage of women will get pregnant absent an IVF strategy? So depends how long you do it for, right? So most of the time we're only doing it for three cycles. It's like I said, it's not cost effective to do it for longer. So I would say in that age group probably the majority of women will likely need IVF. If they are not successful after three months, theoretically if you continue doing I UI, a lot of those people will eventually get pregnant. But we tend to stop at three. Yes. And so again, what tell me at three months again, what percentage are going to be successful with three cycles? In that age group, unexplained infertility. unexplained over 35. I don't know the exact number but probably under 50%. Okay, but that could be a third potentially. Yeah, because it's just right per cycle is something like in that age group, let's say 10 to 15%. So it's. So you go one minus that number times three. One minus that to the third power should be about 30%. Exactly. Yeah. Okay. So now let's talk a little bit about IVF. First successful IVF, baby, 1978. If my memory sort of. That's right. That's right. First was a test tube baby, which is kind of weird because I would imagine it was in a peach edition, not a test tube. But anyway. Yeah. Yeah. We've come along way since then for historical context, I don't know anything about that that girl. But do you know anything about how that was done back in 1978? Yeah. Actually, there's a recent documentary drama called Joy that goes to her name. A little name I believe is Joy. Yes. Well, that's a great joy. Brown. It's first Louise Brown. I believe your middle is Joy. Got it. But it's a movie about the first IVF. That's great. Now, of course, they tried for many many years before they had the first success that these were two doctors. So tell me again. What I mean, maybe this is all on the doctor drama and I can't wait to check it out. But what kind of IRB approval was there how much controversy was there around this? It must have been a huge deal. Yeah. There was a lot of controversy. Like, you know, this was playing a good phrase. Yeah. Yeah. And this was done at the time, primarily for women with tubal factor block tubes. I think, can't remember the exact details of the couple. But I believe they had tubal disease. And IVF works great for tubal disease because of course you're bypassing the tubes altogether. Where was this done in the UK in Britain? Okay. I see. So that's probably, I didn't realize it wasn't done here in the US. So, so tell me a little bit about technologically how they accomplished it back then. Yeah. I think the first cases they were actually doing surgery like under general. They were a self-reserved or less. Let's go back, I believe. Yeah. To retrieve the X. Oh wow. And then they were combining the X with the sperm in the test tube, petridish. And then I think they were transferring the embryo. Maybe back into the tube in those days or maybe through the cervix. I can't remember the details. But yes, a lot of has changed over the last 45 years or so. Wow. Yeah. Despite that success in 1978, what did it look like for the next 10 years? From 1978 to 1988. Yeah. How prevalent was IVF in terms of being, I mean, I guess when did it get to the point where anybody who could afford it could access it? Much more recently. Yeah. The first IVF baby in the United States was born a few years later. I think maybe 1980. One or so. Okay. In Virginia, I believe. And it took like probably many decades for it to become sort of commonplace throughout the world. So now most countries, there's you can access IVF, not everybody can access IVF. But in some countries more than others. But in, you know, depending on how you look at it, it's kind of you and kind of not, but you know, 45 years. But in medicine, that's, it's a relatively recent development and it's been only in the last maybe 20, 30 years that has become, you know, standard. Okay. So let's just walk through how IVF works and then we'll kind of dive into the ins and outs of some of the nuances. So, so a one comes to you, probably she's progressed through some layers of treatment. Yeah. Yeah. You know, you've collectively come to the decision that this is hands down the best opportunity both for success and, you know, risk. So how does the treatment go? Yeah. So typically we do a bunch of screening tests on both partners. I include some blood tests, a seamen analysis and ultrasound to get some assessment of their egg number, the woman's egg number. And then when the cycle starts, takes about two to three months to complete a cycle of IVF. And when you say egg number, are you determining that through an AMH or through a physical examination of the ovaries? But so we do an ultrasound, we can count the number of follicles. How small are these things? You know, a few millimeters. And you have the resolution to see that on ultrasound. Yeah. Okay. And that gives you some sense of about how many eggs that particular patient will produce with a variant stimulation. And we use AMH as a hormone. You explain what AMH is in how it works. Yeah. AMH is a hormone stands for antimilarion hormone. It's secreted by the cells that surround the egg. So it tends to correlate with the egg number. Okay. Doesn't tell you anything about fertility or pregnancy rates or anything like that. Ages still the most important factor in that sense. But it does give you an idea to have a normal number of eggs. So just number. So two women that have the same number of eggs. If one woman has high quality eggs, the other woman does not, they could still have the same AMH level on a blood test. Right. Okay. If there are different ages, they're success rates can be different. Yeah. Can you give me that remind me the range? So a pre-obually a sort of pre-pubescent girl who has a billion and not a billion, but right a million eggs, but who is not fertile. Does she have a higher low AMH? She has a higher AMH. We tend not to use it in that age group because it's less reliable. But in a normal AMH would be like about two, I think the year it's peak around predestilator, but leave. Less than one is considered low. So a woman who's older. But what's the difference between a 16-year-old girl who probably could get pregnant if she walked past a guy versus that never happens, by the way. But if you have like a 16-year-old girl who is at the peak of her fertility versus a 30-year-old woman who is still fertile but has lost a step. What's the difference in AMH? Yeah, it's a very narrow range. So like above two, we consider that's probably normal reproductive age. About two is two if that's different. Now it can be high two and patients with PCOS for example have very high levels. Okay. Different things. Yeah. Above two, you know, that's usually good number of eggs. Less than one, low number of eggs. So this is kind of a binary test. You're not interested. It's a continuum. It is, but you're not looking at, oh, this woman's 1.6. This woman's 1.7. This woman's 1.7. This woman. Yeah. Yeah. And you're going to like you look at a TSA or something. Right. Right. And the assays also vary variable depends where you have it done. Whatever just gives you a 90-year- Okay. Like are the egg number average for your person's age, more than average, less than average. And it helps us because we can determine what dose of medication to use during IVF and we also can give kind of expectation to the patient like you're probably going to make five to 10 eggs maybe not 15 to 20 in that type of thing. So it's anyway. When she's ready to start cycle, everything usually starts with their period. Usually we depending on the age again, but usually the patient starts on a couple weeks of birth control pills. And what that does is kind of suppresses the ovaries because we want all the eggs to kind of grow up the same rate. Yeah. Stop the pill. Then you start the ganata tropans which are this. That is injectable. Yep. And they're injectable just under skin kind of injection. So I mean H C G and F S H. Not a H C G, but primarily F S H. Okay. The little bit of L H. Okay. Okay. So you're on those for about eight to 12 days. And then every few days while you're taking those medications, you have to come into the clinic for ultrasound monitoring and estradiol levels, blood levels. And we can monitor how many follicles are growing, how big they are, et cetera. Usually medications are pretty well tolerated. And what dose of L H and F S H is she injecting relative to what she would normally make? Is it a two x five x 10 x depends on the age again, higher doses for women who are older, but much much higher doses. More than 10 x. Yeah. Hmm, maybe not quite. Okay. Maybe five. Okay. Timbagal symptoms. Most common I would say is bloating as the ovaries get a little more enlarged. There's a small risk of something called ovarian hypers stimulation syndrome when the ovaries get a little bit too stimulated, but that's exceedingly rare. Usually your signs is happening. We can always back down on the dose. Sometimes patient doesn't make it. So many eggs as we were hoping. So sometimes we have to increase the dose or change the protocol. But usually we guess pretty right. And then once the follicles are a certain size, that's how we know the eggs are mature. Because of course we can't see the eggs on the ultrasound. You can only see the follicles that continue. Yeah. Right. So then the patient gets Hcg, which is another medication, which kind of simulates her own L H surge. And the purpose of that medication causes the final maturation of the eggs. And if we did not do an egg retrieval, she would release all those eggs. But of course, we time the egg retrieval to happen just before the woman ovulates. So that medication is very time sensitive. And to be clear, were you only giving her FSH before, are you giving her L H as well? A little bit of L H, but mostly of the H. And why are you using L H versus Hcg? Kind of just to simulate the physiologic. Is that a good one? I didn't realize there was a difference appreciated by the body between them. I thought I thought that there were similar. So we use Hcg for, but the body of course doesn't have Hcg until the patient's pregnant. Yeah. But it works well to as a substitute. So there is L H out there as a drug. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. It's combined with comes as a combination drug. With the FSH. Yeah. Got it. I see. Yeah. So how do you prevent her from ovulating while you are giving her FSH and L H? And she is building and she is the right thing. Yeah. Yeah. Good question. There's another medication that we give. It's called the G&RH antagonist. And basically blocks the L H surge from happening until I see. So we're giving her FSH. The L H that's attached to it is very, very low. Right. And that will prevent an ovulation. Yes. The antagonist. Well. Yeah. That's basically blocking the G&RH, which is another hormone. I'm surprised that the fact that you're giving her so much FSH with a little bit of L H isn't enough to suppress the G&RH. But anyway, it's clearly not. Yeah. You have to see her that. Okay. So you give her a G&RH antagonist. And that basically puts a block between her hypothalamus and her pituitary. Right. And so then now you control the switch. Right. And the switch is in the Megados of HcG, which is an L H analog. Right. And do you harvest the follicles in the philopian tube? Or do you dig into the ovaries? In the ovaries. Yeah. Okay. So the Egregory Volt has happened two days after that HcG trigger. Wow. Yeah. I would have thought, so it would have taken two days for her to 36 hours specifically. So she usually takes it in the evening and then the retrieval is the day after in the morning. Okay. So once it comes into your office, a day two days later. And like, walk me through this. So you layer on a table. You've got an ultrasound on her over and you're literally putting a needle in there. Well, first of all, she's asleep. Phyllis, sleep or just local. Yeah. Yeah. So this is done in a surgery center typically. Okay. We're clinic with anesthesiologists present, ib sedation, so it's like a colonoscopy or dental extracts or something. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's all done vaginally actually using the ultrasound. And that day there's a needle that's guided by the ultrasound. That goes through the vagina into the ovaries. So we don't do transdum. Dumb question. Why? It seems don't you have a much straighter shot going through the abdomen? No really. We just don't want to go through the peridneum. In there's a lot of stuff between the abdomen and the in the ovaries. You can't just manipulate and move the bowel out of the ultrasound. It's much easier through the vagina when they're sitting right there. Yeah. So again, just pardon my ignorance of the anatomy because again, I'm probably still locked into the image of the ovaries being like this. But you're saying no, Peter, the ovaries are probably sitting right on top of the vagina to the side of the uterus. Just stick a needle on either side. And so literally out of the vagina, not even going through the cervix. Yeah. Okay. So that still strikes me as a very delicate, complicated procedure. I mean, that's a surgery. Yeah. Relatively minor type surgery. But so how much do you have to dilate the vagina? Because what I'm thinking about is how to get your hand in there. You don't guide the needle. You don't have to get your hand in there. Yeah, you should watch a YouTube video. But it's just the ultrasound probe. Yeah. And then there's a needle guide. That is the needle guide inside the probe or a long side. Alongside. Okay. Yeah. And the needle, it's a long needle, right? So your hand's not in the vagina. 16. Okay. And it goes through the vagina into the over. You're doing this under ultrasound guidance. You see exactly. So you, that somebody else is obviously manipulating the ultrasound for you. No, you have it in your hand. It's a vaginal ultrasound. That's right. Yeah. So you're doing both. Yeah. So you're looking where you go. And with the ultrasound and you're using the needle to puncture the overy, get into the follicles. And the needle is attached to like a vacuum suction. And so the fluid and the follicles collected goes through the needle into the test tube. And then that test tube is handed off to the embryologist. They look under the microscope and try and isolate the egg. Now, yeah, I'm just so full of dumb questions here today. Paula, how do you prevent yourself from sucking out like 300 non follicle eggs and ultimately destroy your long term fertility risks? Well, you only go into the large follicles. Yeah. Which are really the only ones you can see on ultrasound. There's gazillion bags in there. But you can't even see them. And you're not running the risk of sucking up those eggs. No, no, you're just going into the follicles. It looks like a big is the ovary. The ovary, you know, a few centimeters at that point. But each follicles about two centimeters, I would say, and there might be 10. How is each follicle? Two centimeters? It's a diameter. But you said the ovaries only a couple of centimeters. No, it's like maybe five six, like a small, like plentiful or something. Okay. Wait a minute. It's a three-dimensional. Yeah. So if you have a plum or a tan-dreen that is the ovary, you're saying each follicle is two centimeters in diameter? Roughly. That's huge. One point five to two. I mean, I wouldn't have even thought it was one centimeter. How many follicles are in there? Well, on average we get 10 to 15. So yeah, maybe the ovaries is bigger. So I'm thinking more and unstimulated ovaries more like a plum when it's stimulated, more like a grapefruit. Okay. All right. Okay. I see. So you have really good resolution of where the follicles are. Yeah. Okay. So you're not running the risk of sucking everything out of the ovary. No. No. And we're just getting fluid, right? We're not touching the tissue of the ovary. Just the fluid and the follicles. Okay. But if the it's only a 16 gauge needle. Yeah. Does that mean you're puncturing the follicle? Each follicle. It's punctured before it enters the needle. Yeah. The fluid. So you do it one at a time. Yeah. You go pin into a follicle burst it open and the egg cause a 16 gauge needle is probably only a millimeter across. Yeah. You suck out all the fluid. And you don't have to take it out each time, right? You can go from follicle to follicle to follicle. You just have to go in typically twice once on the right and once on the left. Yeah. That I mean again, this is that that's pretty interesting that that works. Yeah. If you it's easiest maybe to just like watch a video of it and then you get the idea. Yeah. I'm just thinking of all the things that could go wrong and how like the needle could get gunked up with like tissue and then you got to pull it out and put it back in. All those things can happen. Yeah. You know, there's always a small risk of bleeding, small risk of infection, small risk of injury now. The more. And this is happening. You do this on both sides because presumably you're stimulating both sides. Yeah. Okay. So how long does that procedure typically take? Happen out. Okay. And you've got the embryologist next to you and here she is under the microscope going check check check check check check check. Yep. And here she is validating that you indeed are getting ripened eggs and they look different presumably, right? Like those are easy to identify under a light microscope. Basically they tell us they got eggs. We don't know if they're mature yet we know nothing about them yet. I see. But long we get the eggs. They go to the lab and then the rest of the process happens there. So in the retrieval we're just aspirating all the follicles trying to get as many eggs as possible. Okay. So then let's just assume that the woman is doing this not to just freeze her eggs but because she wants to get pregnant. Okay. Would you then go ahead and when she wakes up have a discussion that says we got this many eggs how many would you like to fertilize? How many would you like to freeze? That discussion has happened way upstream. Yeah. Typically we're fertilizing all of them. Got it. Okay. Yeah. There's no reason not to fertilize. Okay. So tell me the time course now and how you move from retrieval to fertilization. Right. So then the the eggs are sitting in the petri dish in the lab. What's the medium? It is this proprietary medium that it is proprietary. Yes. No. So meaning each lab will have its own medium. There are commercial companies that make it but the exact exact components of it. Not entirely known. So there are different companies that have different mediums. Yes. I believe there's more than one but it's meant to kind of emulate the the fluid in the tubes like word fertilization would normally happen. So how much of a competitive advantage is it for an embryologist? How many options do they have to choose from commercially? Of media? I think there's not many media companies. Yeah. I see. Yeah. Is this a huge area of innovation in the field? It must be. Really? I mean. I would have guessed this would be so important. I think they got it down. Okay. Was there a day when this was a problem? I'm sure. Yeah. Maybe in the early days. So you've got the embryologist transfers this to the media? Yep. Okay. Few hours later the eggs are inseminated. So with conventional IVF, we just put a bunch of sperm in there and let the fertilization happen by itself. With XE or interest rate of plasma experiment injection, the embryologist takes a single sperm and injects it into each egg. And the only time again you need to do XE is if the sperm is so dysfunctional that it can't even on its own with no barriers make its way to fertilization when placed in direct proximity to an egg. It probably could but maybe there's two few sperm. So anytime there's a male factor we tend to do XE. Any male factor you just ran out of XE. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. And in fact, a lot of times it's done even when there isn't a male factor because fertilization rate is a little bit higher with XE compared to IVF in very few cases. You don't get fertilization so you don't want to find out. Oh, by the way, sperm can't fertilize your egg. That's the whole problem I'm on because then you got to lay the egg. So for again, for a couple listening to us now, this is something they need to be talking about with their fertility doc which is, hey, do you do XE out of the gate no matter what or yeah, it's a little controversial because it adds cost. How much cost? You know, it's probably another thousand dollars or two thousand or something. Probably a thousand. Okay. But so the data to be clear shows that XE and IVF have similar success rates for non-male factor. But I'm just telling you that a lot of times we're doing it anyway because we don't want to find out small, very small percentage cases that have zero fertilization. That's like not all that conversation. Yeah. Yeah. Because you've lost those eggs too. Right. Right. So that's part of the reason that we do it. But technically, if you just look at the data, success rates should be the same. Okay. And conventional IVF, if non-male factor. But a lot of times there's sperm factor so we're doing XE anyway. Sorry, what do you these go into the media sits at room temperature? Sorry, at body temperature, you put it into a 37 degree of the body temperature in incubator and then all the micromanipulations happening in. What are the types of manipulations that are needed to foster the right environment? How much you are moving the fluid around? How often you changing the media? This is like the most important cell culture experiment of all time. Pretty much, pretty much. And to be fair, it's done by the embryologists and up by me, but they stripped the eggs first, which means they removed the cells around the eggs. Then a few hours later they're injecting the sperm into each egg. And then the media these days may or may not get changed over the five or six days that we culture the embryos trying to like not have to take the embryos out of the incubator if we don't have to kind of thing. So by the next day, usually we look at the embryos to see or the eggs see if they're fertilized. Usually about 70% of the eggs fertilize. So let's say we get 10 eggs. You can expect maybe seven of them. We'll be fertilized in another seven embryos. So we discard the unfertilized eggs, continue to culture. Can you tell that grossly or are you having to move them under a microscope? Under a microscope. Yeah. And then we culture them in the Petri dish. At this point are they all in one dish or are you separating them? They're in one like droplet of oil and there might be more than one droplet in each dish. How are embryologists trained? How does one become an embryologist? Yeah. Well, there's no clear pathway. There's not like a whole bunch of embryology schools. So that's probably why I wanted to be an embryologist. What would I do? Mostly like I'm a apprenticeship. Almost you might start working in a fertility clinic and do some basic kind of lab prep work initially. Most of them have some sort of, you know, undergraduate science background. But you don't have to. But anyway, you gain experience in the lab and then eventually you become a junior embryologist. So it's like a mentorship program. How many years would it take for if I started tomorrow working as a lab tech who was doing nothing but cleaning Petri dishes? Yeah. How many years would it take for me to be the head embryologist in your lab? It might take four to five years. It didn't take a while. Yeah. Now there's some formal schools available as well that with online programs, with some in-person components. I mean, this seems not to take anything away from what you do, but you could have the best fertility doctor if they don't have a good embryologist. You're not going to have great success rates. Oh yeah. I would say the lab is almost more important than what we do because they're just more variability. But luckily, you know, at least the United States labs are pretty, pretty good. But yeah, that's like the- Like think of the point in the way. I mean, I- because I used to work in a lab. Yeah. I just think I just can think of a hundred ways that could get screwed up contaminated, jossled, like all these things that could go wrong. Super important. Yeah. So I'm most of the success rate. Probably more related to what happens in the lab than anything I do or one of my physician colleague does. I guess the question is, how does it- Well, let's finish the story in the one come back. Yeah. Okay. So how many date you go to 14 days? No. No. No. No. Five, five days. Okay. I have six days. And depending if we're doing a fresh transfer or freezing the embryos or fresh transfer weeks. So you'll take both, right? We do both. Yeah. Although these days most of the time we're freezing. Because you're doing genetic screening. Because we're doing genetic testing. Okay. So let's go through that exam. Okay. So we're capturing these embryos in the Petri dish for five to six days. Mm-hmm. Then we look at them again. The ones that have made it to that stage, which is usually only half of them. So remember your seven. Now maybe they're three or four. So what explains that? So most likely the ones that didn't make it are the premise. I'm only abnormal ones. Remember we talked earlier about those ones. So not making it. And there were a reason it's only half is because by definition you're doing this in women who tend to be a bit older. Like if you were doing this and if not that one would do this, but just as a thought experiment, if you did this exact thing in 18-year-old girls, presumably you'd have a much higher success rate. Yeah. The blast, we call that the blast stimulation rate is a little bit higher in younger women. Also you have more eggs and more embryos, of course, right? Yeah. But yes, the blast stimulation rate, the ones that make it to day five or six is a lower percentage. The older woman is because higher proportion of those embryos are just going to be abnormal. So the ones that make it to day five or six are more likely to be normal, but that not necessarily normal. So we can also do genetic testing on those embryos, which involves biopsyne them. So we take a few cells from the embryo, freeze the embryos. So yeah, let's talk about that. So how many cells do you have at five days again? Uh, altogether you might have like 60 to 80 cells. Okay. So you take two or three of those. Pyrusic. Pyrusic. Yeah. And they're from the perimeter. The trophobloss, right? So that not the embryo directly, but the cells surround the embryo. You still have full genetic material there. Yeah. And so you do that for each and every egg and then you every embryo. Sorry. And then you freeze each embryo? Yeah. I mean, with the freezing process is like. So the freezing process, uh, these days is one called vitrification is called in, and it's like this special kind of freezing that doesn't result in ice crystals. So how do you do that? There's a process. It happens in the lab there's a machine. It does it that lowers the temperature and uh, so the rate at which they lower the temperature. Right. It's rapid. Okay. So it's like a nitrogen, the right, basically. Right. Right. It's supposed to all day as we did slow freezing. Um, so it becomes like a glassless, glass-like state with all crystals. But the, it works really well. And the survival is really high. And then you store them at what temp, like liquid nitrogen temp? Yeah. So they're, it's not like in your freezer. No. And, and then how long is it take typically to get the genetic results back? Uh, typically within a week or two. Okay. Yeah. And what depth of genetic testing is being done here. Are you doing whole genome sequence or are you just looking at a handful of SNPs that are pre-identified as the ones that matter? Yeah. Good question. So it's evolved over time. And I should say it's still very controversial because there's always a risk of harming the embryos. You're only looking at a few cells. So is it really representative of the embryo? I mean, we do it a lot. And the data definitely shows that if you transfer normal embryo, it has a very high chance of implanting. But the issue is recently has been, are we discarding embryos that are maybe normal? Uh, because we think they're abnormal based on the genetic testing about the genetic testing is flat. So whole, there's a new, a new genetic testing is really easy to identify an employee. That's, it's a chromosomal analysis is triggered up to do that right? Okay. Right. So most of the time we're using something called next generation sequencing, which is you know, very high level sequencing, but it's not whole genomes sequencing. So you're getting targeted. Yeah. And you're looking mostly at chromosomal abnormalities. Unless you know that the couple is a carrier for some genetic mutation that you also want to screen. Yeah. So let's say one of the parents, well, this would be a bad example, but... Sistic fibrosis, like let's say both. Yeah. So both of them have our carrier for CF. And so there's a one in four chance that you're going to get two copies of CF. So then you're looking directly for this CF. Exactly. Exactly. Exactly. Exactly. Exactly. A sickle cell. Yeah, there's a whole bunch of them. Okay. And part of the screening we didn't mention it, but most people doing IVF will get carrier screening to see if they're carriers for any genetic mutations. Usually. That's a pretty common scenario where you have two people that are CF carriers, neither of whom have CF. Most of those people would say, I'm going to do IVF because I don't want to take the chance that might kid. Okay. And then what about people who come in and say, oh, but, you know, one of us is each in APOE4 carrier. And so we're each a three four and we would really like to not select a four four as an example. Yeah. So one is that are you able to look at that and to, you know, does that sort of cross an ethical line? Yeah. It's a little more controversial when you're talking about a non-deterministic adult consequence genes. With variable penetrance, right? You may or may not get Alzheimer's or whatever it is, right? So it's a little more controversial, but we're kind of going in that direction. I would say we're definitely going probably in the near future towards whole genome sequencing where we can pick up even mutations that happen to know of what we call denover, right? Like you might not be a carrier, but it might just happen randomly. So you could pick up some disease that way. And then what you're talking about is like, like, Barack, you know, Barack? Yeah. You know, often we know ahead of time patients carry or we can test for it, but LPA for cardiovascular disease. Yeah. There's a whole bunch of things, right? So people are starting to talk about polygenic screening of embryos, but it's a little more controversy because the science is quite settled yet. And it's one thing if you're already doing 9vf and we have these embryos here and we're just going to add another layer of testing, like which one of these embryos is at higher risk for like whatever diabetes or high-peter gender? Whole different story if you're saying, oh, you should do IVF because of because we want to, you know, get the embryo with the lowest risk of these diseases. So we're not quite there. There's a very controversial plus it's expensive and, you know, we're already talked about cost barriers and there are ethical issues as well or we now, you know, is there a form of, you know, positive eugenics and that type of thing? So that particular type of testing is still controversial, but anti-poit testing, testing for chromosome abnormalities is pretty routine, pretty standard. Now there was a day when people weren't doing any genetic testing and the embryos selection was just based on morphology, right? Yes, yes, which is back in the days where we had to transfer more than one embryo because we didn't know. You could look at two embryos and they could look both normal, but one of them is chromosomeally abnormal, one's not and you can't really tell. So we had to transfer more embryos to get decent pregnancy rates. Now with genetic testing because we know that a chromosome or normal embryo has a pretty high chance of implanting, not 100%, like maybe 70, 75%, so there's still reasons for some reason. That's not the whole story, right? Because even chromosome or normal embryos sometimes don't implants. Yeah, that's lower than I would have guessed. Is it? 70 to 75% for something that's cromasomally normal, negative guessed at that stage, given all the selection of state tests. What is the concordance between chromosomeally? Let's go one step further. Chromasomally genetically normal and good morphology. How can be portrayed to a Christian? It's good correlation. We use both, right? So if there's one of if there's discordance there, which one are you relying on, or are you discarding, unless you have concordance that's positive for both? In reality, the ones that have poor morphology are even frozen or biopsied, they're just started. Because we knew. So we selected it out. Yeah, so there might be a little bit of difference in morphology between the ones that you've actually decided to freeze and biopsying keep. And presumably have the genetic testing on all of them. Do you would preferentially, of course, transfer the ones that are cromasomally normal, even if the morphology gradies is a little bit lower. Yeah, so you have, so we've selected out bad morphology. Let's just say you harvested 15. You fertilized 10. Seven had good morphology. Six came back genetically good. Those would be reasonable numbers? Yeah, the six out of seven is high. Yeah. So five came back genetically good. Let's say, a young person. Yeah. So you got one third, one third of what you harvested, you could implant. You're saying each of those is 70 to 75% success rate and yet you would only implant one at a time. Yeah. Which is interesting. Because if you implanted two, let's do the math. You're talking about 50% chance. That's right. Let's just say, yep, twins. Yeah, which is high. Two high. We just can't take that risk. Yeah. I mean, you know, obviously, you know, we believe in patient autonomy, patient usually gets to make that decision. But you're going to make the case for where this one is not a gradient. Okay. If you want to help the baby in the end, you want to help the mom. Yeah. Okay. So now let's talk about not it's time to implant. So how does that process work? So that process is much less complicated. But equally important. So usually does it's timed, right? It has to happen at a certain time in the cycle. So we either use the one in its natural cycle to time it and time it at the time that implantation would normally occur, which is like the second half of the cycle. Or we use what we call a controlled or program cycle where we basically give the woman the hormones. And then again, time, the transfer to happiness specific time. The actual process kind of like a pap smear. It's basically doesn't require any anesthesia or anything. We do do it under ultrasound guidance. So abdominal ultrasound. We saw one of the embryos draw it up in a little catheter with a little syringe on the end. Place the speculum in the vagina and then just pass the catheter through the cervix. And we're looking on the ultrasound for the placement. And where are you implanting it? About 1.5 centimeters to 2 centimeters from the top of the u-race. So a few centimeters through the cervix. And how do you make sure it doesn't come out? I mean you can't, but it doesn't usually you put it in there kind of slight, describe it kind of like more like peanut butter in there. It's not like you can stand up and it comes out. It's a total volume you're injecting. Like the deep microleaders like really small. Yeah. And what is the inside of a uterus look like? At that stage. Because you've timed it so that this is a uterus that doesn't have a lining yet, right? That's the lining. How thick is the lining? It's about 7 to 10 millimeters. But it's going to get a heck of a lot thicker. So it's still, it's only, this is technically only about 14 days past her period. So are you doing it artificially more into the luteal phase? So it's roughly 7 days or so after ovulation. So the one is thick and ready. Okay. And that's one of the things we check with ultrasound before we do the transfer to make sure the lining. So what does that, what does it actually look like? Is it like, is it it's a tentacle fingers or on the ultrasound, which is how we assess it? It basically the two walls of the uterus are, you know, opposing each other. It's not like you can see. It's a potential space, not a potential space. Exactly. And then on the ultrasound, the lining has a different equidensity than the one on the cell frame. Right. So we can measure the thickness. And basically the combined thickness of the two posing walls has to be at least 7 millimeters or so. And if you get in there and do the ultrasound and it's not, are you going to come back and try to do it another day and have you lost that egg because it's been thought or can you keep that egg in the medium now? We essentially assess the lining a week before we do the transfer. I got it. So we would not thought the embryo unless we were sure the line is going. It's go time. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, because once it's thought, I mean, you can refuse it. No, I'm sure it doesn't do this. Not a good idea. Yeah. Okay. So I see. So once you put that egg in there, every, that's right. That embryo in there closer to the top of the uterus. It's in that it's largely being held in place by the opposition the wall. And then are you done or are you still doing ongoing hormone therapy? Um, sometimes we give supplemental progesterone. That's another hormone that helps maintain the pregnancy and then usually, you know, 12 to 14 days later, the patient has her first pregnancy test. Hopefully she's pregnant. We usually follow the pregnancy for the first few weeks. Can you tell she transfers to her non-ivid? Yeah. Wow. Um, I just kind of amazing that this all works. Yeah. I've been doing it for 30 plus years and I still find it fascinating. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So how often does a woman go through all of this and for whatever reason you can't get enough eggs or the eggs you get are not cromazomally normal and her next alternative is an egg donor. Yes. Unfortunately, more often than we would like, uh, again, it depends on the age of the patient. But sometimes, you know, patients do multiple cycles. Maybe they don't have any normal embryos or maybe even the normal embryos where we transfer, don't take or number of different things can happen. So the most common reason someone would need an egg donor is usually a internal age. So someone who's older and is tried to get pregnant with her own eggs hasn't worked for whatever reason and then now she's looking at egg donation as an option. That works really well. So usually egg donors are young women and their 20s, early 30s sometimes and they produce multiple eggs and then the age of the uterus doesn't seem to matter as much. So the success rate with donor egg is quite high and so about 75% whereas, you know, for women over 40 using their own eggs, success rate might be 10 to 20%. Her in cycle. Per cycle? Yeah. Wow. 10 to 20%. Yeah. For a 40 year old woman. Yeah. Untested embryos, right? Or the name it, not get any embryos, right? Normal embryos. Yeah. I did not really realize it was that low. Yeah. How many times can a young woman be an egg donor before you worry about? Is there anything you worry about if you're counseling these women? Because I assume the same women are coming to you as egg donors. Yeah. Sometimes people do it multiple times. Sometimes they just do it once. Does it pose any risk to you? No. There's essentially undergoing the IVF process themselves or the least the first half of it. So there's the risk we talk about over an hyperstimulation which is rare. Rists associated with the retrieval and Esthesia. But is there anything that like restricts her ability to get pregnant later in life? No. Barring any complications from major complications. It does not seem to impact future fertility. What is the typical fee for it's collected by an egg donor? It's usually between five and ten thousand dollars depending on where you live. Okay. So that's a lot of money. There's real incentive to do that period. Yeah. And so a woman could do that a couple times a year if she wanted to. So the guidelines up to six times. Six times a year? No. Six times lifetime. Oh. Okay. Up to six times. Yeah. And that's a little bit arbitrary but you know the professional side is decided. That's kind of a good number of times. Maybe most people don't do it that many times. You might just do it once or twice. And so what do you and maybe you don't do this? I don't know. But how women who undergo egg donation or IVF via egg donation? What do you discuss with them about the appropriateness of timing in explaining to the children that they have a different genetic mother? So before anybody does egg donation or even before they donate eggs, we always have them meet with one of our mental health therapists. Just as a cycle educational visit to go over these types of questions and best practices around what to tell the child went to tell the child. General rule is tell them early and tell them often. So you basically want to normalize the thing. And you definitely want to be the ones to tell them and you don't want them to find out some other by some other means like somebody context them on 23 amere or something like that. And early means what? Like telling them before they understand reproduction? Like how are you telling them? Again, it's a little outside my area of expertise but when they're quite young like it could be like four to six years of age or then it might depend on the child and you know how much her they are, etc. But basically in there's different ways to introduce the concept. I mean obviously if it's you know a same sex couple or if it's a single person might happen earlier, suppose to a straight couple. If someone's listening to this and they're trying to figure out how to select a good IVF clinic. What what what are the things they should be looking for? Because I would have to assume that it's like any other field of medicine, right? Not all doctors and not all clinics are created equal and just because you see a lot of advertising doesn't tell you anything, right? So so in the other way, you're going to have to become a very very intelligent consumer. For most people, this will be the single most expensive out-of-pocket health care expense they have. Yeah, that's true. And so it's not just that it's the most expensive health care decision that we're ever going to make, it might be one of the most consequential as well. For sure. And yet I mean, I know what I suggest to people when someone says Peter you know my wife and I are thinking about getting IVF, what do you think? I just go down the rabbit hole of like here's a hundred questions I would ask. Yeah. And it usually begins with tell me your success rate individually. I don't care about the national success rate. It means nothing to me. So how would you counsel someone who's trying to come up with their checklist of questions to ask? Yeah, there's a good, it's a good question. And you know, these days is a little bit easier because obviously there's the internet and there's suggested questions online. You could look at, it's true there is some variability amongst clinics. Although there's a lot of consolidation happening in the field as well. So a lot of practices are becoming common to most clinics. But some of it is practical, right? Like which clinics are close to where you live? Because as a... Yeah, you gotta go in every few days. So you can't be going to another state. And you know most people can. But in most major cities you have multiple options. In most major cities that's true. Yeah. So you're right about individual clinics, success rates although technically it's hard to use those to compare them to each other because you don't necessarily know the patient population, right? So how do you normalize it to... Right. So one thing for sure look at the success rates. And we're one of the few fields of medicine where actually you can get clinic specific success rates. So... You mean publicly it's available or... It's available? Yeah. So... Where do you find it? Well the CDC... Until recently, there is a law actually this is you have to report every IVF cycle in the success rate that was passed in the 90s. So because of that the CDC tracks this, although all the people that work in that department were fired recently. So we don't know what's going to happen with that. But also our professional organizations called Society of Assisted Reproductive Technology has a website called SART.org is the URL. And all the clinics in the U.S. or most of them are on there. And they have to report their success rates and they're published every year. There's usually like a two-year lag because the babies have to be born and everything. So I would send people to that website first. Look at the clinics in your area, look at the success rates, keeping in mind, right, that populations might be different in different clinics. I probably would go to a clinic that does a sufficient volume. You have to do at least 100 cycles I would say, but ideally more than that. Your clinic has how many doctors? Our clinic has about six doctors. And how many total cycles do you guys do a year? We do like six to 800 retrievals a year. There's a lot of variability. There's some clinics that do thousands. There's some that do like 50. So that would be one factor that I think is important just volume. Like, and you have how many embryologists? We have something like nine embryologists. Yeah. Yeah. There is a shortage of embryologists, you know nationwide and reproductive chronologists because of demand for IVF is going up, right? So I would definitely look at the clinic's success rates, look at the volume, the other thing, you know, with the internet, especially, you can look at patient reviews, you know, word of mouth, and got to take those with a grain of salt, right? Yeah, they tend to be negative selecting. Right. Not everybody who has a great experience, necessarily going to post it on Reddit. But everyone who has a bad one does. Yeah. Yeah. So you have to take that with a grain of salt. But they're objective ways. And you can also like, interview your doctor. Yeah. What are questions you should be asking of the doctor that are independent of the objective metrics that we might have just discussed? You can ask about their sort of philosophy about protocols, about things like add-ons, like genetic testing, you know, for example, is like, are you a clinic where everybody is encouraged to do a genetic testing? You know, that's not necessarily the clinic I would choose, right? You talk to the patient about the pros and cons and you let the patient decide. We do a lot of genetic testing, so it's not like I'm against it or anything. But, you know, you want to get a sense of the vibe of the clinic. You know, are they just, you know, interested in money, not that doctors, everything like that. But you know what I mean? So sometimes it takes having a consultation with one or more clinics to see where you feel more comfortable. You know, on a little bit bias towards some academic centers just because our missions include education and in research, etc. But there's several very excellent private clinics as well. What would be some red flags if you're going through this process? And by the way, do you have a, is, how much of a Delta is there in cost within a same city or, do prices tend to converge within a given geography? Yeah, within a given geography they're pretty similar and it's not cheap. Yes, so what are we at today? Fully low to cost? You know, when IVF cycles probably around $20,000 per cycle. That doesn't include genetic testing or does. Including genetic testing. Okay. Per cycle. But how does that compare to 20 years ago? Is that more or less inflation? Prices like most things have gone up. It has. Yeah. Okay. I mean, in all, I guess it should go up just based on the cost of labor that goes into all these. Yeah. And there's, you know, even though the genetic testing is coming down. Yeah. Innovations and things like, you write like you think as volume goes up eventually prices go down. But that quite hasn't quite happened. And that's new things get out of it. And it just tends to become more expensive. And most people are probably still paying out of pocket. Most people are not getting this covered by insurance. Again, depends where you live. Yeah. Yeah. But across the country. Yeah. And I think there are now there are 24 states that offer some kind of fertility coverage about 15 of them include IVF. So most of the, you're right, most places. They're paying out of pocket if your employer doesn't happen to offer infertility insurance coverage. Yeah. So red flags. You know, again, the communication with the clinic. So a lot of your experience is going to be communicating with nurses and, you know, just setting up a coordinator's. Yeah. So you you know, you want to get a sense of what that is like because that could be stressful if it's not smooth. And oftentimes, you know, our clinic included sometimes it's not smooth. I mean, there've been, you know, some things we try and do like texting and apps and things to make the communication, you know, easier. But it doesn't always work the way it's supposed to kind of thing. And you want to get time with your doctor. So some clinics, you hardly ever see the doctor. And you see maybe the ultrasound on a firm not that that's bad. You know, but it's kind of nice. Some patients prefer to have that sort of more frequent interaction with their actual probably a sweet spot in volume where you, it's from an inverted you ship where if they're too low, they don't have the reps if they're too high. It's a bit of a sweatshop and if actually you want, you want in the middle there. Yeah. Okay. Let's pivot now and talk about a few other things. So what's on the horizon medically for extending fertility? So there's a, there's a study going on at Cornell or Columbia. Columbia that's looking at the use of rap a mice and to extend fertility in women. Now I have to be honest with you, I, there was a day when I knew what the study was and what the inclusion criteria were. I, I, I, I don't get the moment. I'm assuming you are more familiar with this than I am. Well, what is the question that is being asked and how is it being asked in this study? Yeah. So there's a lot of interest in extending fertility right? Like up until, you know, 100 years ago, women were basically dying at 50s. Yeah. Average age of menopause. So it's a kind of a recent phenomenon that we're actually living a third of our lives, you know, postmenopause. But infertility starts to decline way before you go through menopause. So there's a lot of interest in trying to extend fertility. Now, of course, egg freezing, which we haven't talked about yet, is one of the ways you can extend fertility. And it works pretty well as long as you're young when you freeze your eggs. But again, it's a relatively recent phenomenon, not a, you know, usually covered by insurance and it's expensive, et cetera. So it's not the answer. Because you're paying basically half the IVF cycle to harvest and then you're paying to freeze. Yeah. Exactly. What's the cost of freezing? About a thousand dollars. Well, $10,000 for a cycle. And then about a thousand dollars a year for storage. And you're recommending that women, if a woman came to you at 20 and said, you know, I'm going, I just want to double down on my career right now. I want to do x, y, and z. I think I want to have kids at least want the optionality when should I freeze by? Are you going to just say, do it now? Because no. Yeah. Yeah. I wouldn't recommend all women in their 20s freeze their eggs, because most of those eggs will never be used. So you'd be doing it for nothing because most of those women probably not need IVF, they're pregnant spontaneously, right? Got it. Okay. This week spot we think is like early to mid 30s. That's where it makes the most sense. Like, because you're about to kind of get to the probability cliff where it starts to really decline. Okay. Right. And if it doesn't, if you think you might want to have kids, but you're not in a place in your life where you think that's going to happen in the next few years, then doing it early to mid 30s. It's probably the time where it's most cost effective. Very highly likelyhood that you will use them. If you have for the first kid maybe for the second kid. And you know, it might be worth spending $10,000 and $1,000 for you. And do you freeze them? You freeze every egg you retrieve? Only then a mature one. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. And what's the for a typical 30 year old? You're going to get what we talked about earlier. Probably 10 to 15 per second. Sometimes more, but that's not true. And how many do you recommend a 30 year old do? Yeah. So there's some calculators online. So the younger you are, the fewer as you need, because more of them are going to be normal. So someone 30, you know, I think 10 to 20 would give you decent chances success. No guarantees. There's never any guarantees. But even, you know, study show that even if people use those eggs and then are not successful, the fact that they did something proactively, there's some psychological benefit in doing that. So even if, you know, ultimately doesn't work out or you don't end up using them. But at that age, maybe 10 to 20, obviously if you're, you know, as you get closer to 40, you might need 20 to 40 or 50, which is not practical for most people, right? Because you can't do that many cycles. And it's expensive and there's a risk involved. So so I think egg freezing is a great option for for women. I also think as a society, we should try to make it easier, obviously, for women to have kids during their peak reproductive years or 20s and 30s. So the whole different question, but I think heavy options is a good thing. So back to the Rapa Mison question, they're basically saying, look, is there a way that we could push that out a little bit? And so how is this study testing this? Yeah. So Rapa Mison, as some of your listeners may know, is kind of used in other sort of anti-aging contact. So there's some animal data that shows that maybe Rapa Mison might extend fertility in that. Remember the egg cell death that we talked about earlier by preventing that to some degrees so that the eggs last longer in your fertile for more years. So there's some data in like mice primarily, there's some data show that it's not helpful as well. So the data I would say is mix in animal models and the study at Columbia is actually trying to test it in humans. So believe it's a few months study where they're giving relatively low dose of Rapa Mison, I forget exactly maybe five milligrams daily. And then they're daily, not weekly. I think it's daily. Okay. But in first time. Percentual. Well, we'll pull it up and put the ash on. I should have known this. Yeah. And then I think there are outcome markers, AMH. I believe it's that home own. So I don't know, I'm not. It's a relatively inexpensive study. They're not, they're not, they're not. Invasively looking at follicles. And because what you have to believe then is in just a period of a few months, you could pick up a signal of more or less AMH reduction. Right. And even if you can, like, what does that mean? Really, AMH is, so this study could be negative. And if the study is positive, it's interesting. If it's negative, it probably doesn't tell us much. Right. If it's only three to six months. Right. Right. To really do the study, I mean, you need like, you need a few years. Right. You need pregnancy, outcomes, or at least, you know, menstrual, you know, menopause, age of menopause. So that would take for a long time. And you'd have to take it for many years. Probably. Right. Yeah. That's going to be a really difficult question to answer. Yeah. Yeah. Humans. Yeah. And, you know, I'm, again, because of the animal data not being consistent. You know, some studies show, yeah, maybe it's helpful, but other studies show that it might be actually harmful because of the way it acts as being immune as a press of things. So I certainly, for any listeners trying to conceive, I would not recommend wrap up my sin. But yes, I'm curious about the data coming out of Columbia and other studies. Are there any other things that a woman can do to maximize her fertility beyond? Let's, we've already addressed sort of PCOS, we've already addressed kind of the metabolic stuff. But, you know, we hear things all the time like stress, sleep. I mean, these things seem self-evident. But what would be kind of the most common things you would be saying to a woman who is otherwise experiencing eye-atrogenic for lack of a better word infertility? Yeah. I think all those things are important like lifestyle factors. They're rarely the sole cause of infertility. They can, they can certainly exacerbate infertility as well as any other disease. So I think the lifestyle factors that promote health are generally the same lifestyle factors that promote fertility. So healthy diet, you know, avoiding. Is there anything we can say more on that? I mean, it's like, what is a healthy diet as it pertains to fertility? Is it different? Right? Does a woman who's getting ready to conceive, does she need more fat in her diet? For example? Yeah. Yeah. As you probably know, the data on diet is not great for anything, especially not fertility. So I would say there's very little evidence that there's particular diet that's good for fertility that's different than what's good in general. So for most of my patients, I recommend a Mediterranean diet that diet is palatable most people and has fair amount of evidence that, you know, it's reasonably healthy and that's like a lot of fruit and vegetables, whole grains, protein mostly from, you know, fish and olive oil and those types of things. So it's not that different from what I would recommend for anybody. By the way, I think I said, I had for Genica, I meant idiopathic, but you know what I meant. I think from the end of the, yeah. So what about supplements? I'm sure you get as this question all the time. There's no shortage of over the counter supplements that people, you know, report in grace fertility. I get asked these questions all the time and have blank stares because I don't know. Is there anything you can point to and I love framework. So maybe one framework is are there supplements that correct legitimate deficiencies like vitamin D or B vitamins where we could make a case that supplemented with these things happen? And I'm talking beyond just the prenatal vitamins that are obvious and necessary. We'll leave that to the side because it's so self-evident. Versus supplements that are kind of more grab bag mystery supplements where you're not actually correcting some obvious deficiency, but we think it might increase fertility. So the day around supplements, even, less robust than the day to her own diet, I would say. Yes, if you're correcting deficiencies, I think you can make a case for that. So there's, you know, a lot of women, reproductive age women are iron deficient, for example, and they need to be on iron supplements. You mentioned prenatal vitamins obviously full of casters important for anybody trying to get pregnant. People who live in Portland, Oregon, like I do, we tend to be vitamin D deficient. So I usually recommend vitamin D for people. But other supplements specifically for fertility, the ones I most commonly hear about are things like Coke U10 or DHAs, another one. And there's some data that might be helpful again. It's not very robust. DHA, which just increases endogenous testosterone pressures. Equality, like who knows. Yeah, I mean, the data isn't great. So I don't want to improve libido. Maybe I think people have studied that. It doesn't work so well. Okay. Yeah, it is a week and Virginia right. But yeah, the data is not very promising. But so for most of these things, you know, the data is not there. And probably will never be there, right? Because there's symptoms that are there. Yeah, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. So it probably doesn't hurt, though. And so I'm, you know, relatively supportive of patient wants to take Coke U10 or some data around it. Sure. And do you think it's just psychological where? No, no. If they, if they, if they take it and they feel that they're doing something better, it reduces their stress around it. Like it's for me, I can't help but think that stress has such a negative impact on fertility. Oh, for sure. And on many aspects of health, for sure. It's so difficult to quantify, right? Like we can't act. We don't have a biomarker for stress. Right. Even measuring cortisol doesn't actually tell you anything about the experience of stress. And so I just think so many negative health outcomes are a result of it. And therefore anything that a person can do to improve their stress. Yeah. I agree with you. And if taking supplements helps with that, sure, I'm all for it. Yeah, I'm not advocating that we should be going crazy on it. Right. I have it in split. But I just wonder if any of the efficacy of those things is mediated through that reduction of stress. Possibly. Yeah. And as long as it's not harmful, that's, you know, great. So, and when we say the data isn't there, it's just because it doesn't mean that it doesn't work. It's just nobody's shown when we're in other weather works, right? So it's quite possible. Yeah. Cook you tend to have some effect that we don't know about. And, you know, my feelings if I don't think it's harmful. And, you know, patient wants to take it. Maybe he helps with their stress, sure. I'm for that. Other things, you know, stress, every almost everybody has some degree of stress in their lives, right? Like some more than others, unfortunately. But it's really hard to get rid of all the stress. Like it's not helpful to tell patient. Well, you just need to be less stressed. I'm like, okay, now what? But, you know, finding ways to cope with the stress is really what we're talking about. And that can be different for different people's, for some people, it could be exercise for some people, it could be meditation for some people, you know, whatever mindfulness is. Whatever it is. But definitely, I think it's important. Same as sleep and we talked about diet, you know, exercises is important. Do you caution women or do we know anything about too much exercise for women who are trying to conceive them? And we certainly hear stories about, you know, college athletes and women who are doing a lot are actually having difficulty even maintaining a regular menstrual cycle. So, if you're dealing with a woman who's, when you're taking that social history and you're trying to understand, what are some clues to you that her exercise might actually be too much and that might be impacting her fertility. Right. Right. So, extreme exercise can be associated with fertility issues, although I think for most patients of benefits of exercise as we know. Yeah. But how are you dealing with what is extreme for so-so? So, if it causes any change in a person's cycle, so for some of the most more extreme athletes, sometimes they'll their periods will stop altogether, there's a condition called reds, it's relative energy, deficiency, and sport. And basically the body is very smart. If you think like, there's not enough energy around to support a pregnancy because we're spending it all on this exercise. We're just going to like shut the whole thing down and it works really well. But the patient stops menstruating. So, obviously, they're going to have difficulty getting pregnant. They're not ovulating. If you're not menstruating means you're not ovulating. Also, has other implications that for things like bone health, because the ovary in addition to making eggs also makes estrogen and estrogen super important for bone health. So, yeah, definitely if you know one lesson for the listeners, keep track of your, we talked about the seam analysis being kind of a marker of other health outcomes. Your periods are also a marker. Of course, if you're on hormonal contraception, you might not know what your natural cycle is doing. But if your cycles are regular or if you're not having them at all or if they're super painful or they're super heavy, and sometimes you don't know what super painful or super heavy because no. It's not because of that, right? But thankfully, this generation of young women is talking more and they're seeing an internet, et cetera. But don't wait to you're ready to try to get pregnant to figure that out. You know, there may be something important you need to know way ahead of time. And we've already talked about obesity, but on the other side of that is there a certain body fat level beneath which fertility is also impacted? Yeah, there's not like a cutoff, but certainly being overweight or obese can impact fertility and being severely underweight. But for the underweight people, similar mechanism, if you're brain thinks, there's just not enough. It's usually going to manifest through a mental area. Exactly. Exactly. Yeah. So healthy weight, healthy diet, exercise, sleep, sleep can also disrupt its sleep. Good effect ovulation and fertility stress. We mentioned all these things. All things you mentioned in your book as well are all the same things that are important for fertility. Lastly, what do you think is the most promising area of research? And if we're sitting here in 10 years and we're talking about this and we're looking back at the last decade. What do you imagine you will be most excited about from an innovation perspective? Yeah. It's a very exciting field of medicine. There's always sort of the innovations happening. I think let's see, Genec testing will continue to evolve as we learn more about genetics. I think that'll play a big role automation in the lab. You know, a lot of the steps we talked about earlier are like literally embryologists sitting at the microscope doing these things. But now there's some companies developing these like lab ownership concepts where you put in the egg, put in the sperm, embryo comes out. So microfluidics or yeah, microfluidics, it's a whole process being automated, which I think is it's very interesting, right? And it could potentially improve access if you could put these. So do you see this as more of a cost reduction or more of a success improvement? Maybe both because you know reduce error potentially, um, usually the cost that things tends to go up before any time, anytime there's an innovation before it comes down, maybe ultimately it'll come down. But I imagine costs worth increase. So that's kind of an exciting area in vitro maturation. That's where the eggs are like maturing in the petri-dition instead of a in a woman's body. So potentially in the future, woman wouldn't have to take all these injections and you just take the immature eggs, put them in the petri-dition and give the petri-dish the medications if you will. That's in very sort of early stages, not quite as successful as conventional IVF yet. So we're not quite there. I assume because it's difficult to harvest, un mature foggling. And even that maturation process, we haven't quite gotten it down like it happens in the body. Um, other things, a real game changer would be something like in vitro-gemmy to genesis, which is making eggs and sperm potentially from skin cells. So even if you run out of eggs, if we could take like a skin biopsy and, you know, reprogram that cell to make a nake, then potentially, you know, anywhere we in that. Very early. I think we'll see it eventually. It's been done in mice. So we're probably 10 to 20 years away. What's the obstacle? Basically reprogramming skin cells, it just the whole process, it's very complicated and not easy. People are trying their couple of companies. Meaning it is the challenge taking the skin cell back to a stem cell and then the stem cell in the brain. Yeah. And which of those two steps do we think is harder? Skin cell back to stem cell or stem cell into egg? I think they're both hard. Um, I don't know, there's a couple of different approaches including, you know, we work do research in this area as well where we're taking essentially the nucleus from a skin cell and putting it into a into another into an egg into a placing the genetic material. Exactly. So we don't have to reprogram the skin cell. We're just working on it. And is it easy to separate the chromosomes? No. Okay. It's going to sound. It's very complicated. But because I mean, myosis and, but, and it's hard for it to happen efficiently and equally, it's that it was working on it. But we're, you know, probably 10, 20 years away from. But that would be an alternative way to get to that. But then you need donor eggs so that has its own limitations because it's not like donor eggs are easy to come by either. Yeah. That's true. Although I guess what it does is it, it helps the older woman who is able to make follicles, but they're just exploiting exactly. You're a solution to that problem. Yeah. Yeah. Another thing we're working on is something called mitochondrial replacement therapy where basically similar concept you were taking like you have an older woman. Let's say she undergoes IVF. You have a donor that undergoes IVF. But you take the nucleus out of the older egg and you put it in a younger egg. So essentially the cytoplasm is from the young egg, including the mitochondria. So we think part of the ageing and just like other aspects of ageing, you know, acquired mutations in the mitochondria. So you have a young cytoplasm. Young mitochondria. Maybe those eggs will do better or that nucleus will do better in that young egg. Unfortunately, you can't do that. And you know, it states legally, but we're, we're doing trials in other countries. This is kind of a remarkable field. Again, it's still amazing to me how well this works. Right. Like if you think about it, this is, and I don't mean this in a, in a, in a disparaging way at all. It's, it's very brute force. Right. It's very mechanical. So. And yet we're, you know, as a field, not, I think having an enormous impact that is, is relatively recent. You know, and you can use sort of think about the timescale of this. So it seems to me that early intervention is better. Yeah. You're point about women who have any sort of irregularity in their cycle. If they're in their teens or twenties. Yeah. If for no other reason, beyond just the discomfort of it at the moment, getting this looked at now is a great way to get ahead of an infertility problem 10 years hence. For sure. That to me is a very important takeaway that that I don't think it's probably appreciated enough. And while I don't think we have a high listenership of 18-year-old girls. My guess is that message through parents who are listening might, might make its way to potential future patients that would, that would, would find up find themselves on your doorstep. It's also comforting to hear just how high the probability of success is in the modern era today. And it sounds to me like we're converging on quality. Right. Where is that would imagine this? This was a field that was a bit like the Wild West 20 years ago where you had a bunch of charlatans out there who were maybe not charlatans the wrong word, but just low quality practitioners. And I'm guessing today with consolidation of groups we're seeing less and less of that. More standardization, yes, for sure. I'm still blown away at the concept of the embryologist and what's required to do that and how that we don't have a more formal training path. Especially given that you said that we have a shortage of such people that seems like an incredibly rewarding career for somebody. So hopefully we can foster that. Well, anyway, Paul, this has been great. I feel between this podcast and the podcast on male fertility, I have a much better sense of this and how to address it, both very different problems, but completely comfortable. We're later for sure. Yeah, appreciate your time and your expertise. Thanks for inviting me. It's been fun. Thank you. Yeah, thanks for having me.