I want to understand more about living. And I have an idea that we could learn a lot from people who are dying. One thing to get right out of the gates here is body's die. Living things die. I think a lot of a sub-sorb, a notion of death that it's some foreign invader or something that comes out of the woods and grabs us. And otherwise, I was just fine. And then, not. I'm wondering if I should be in palliative care now. I mean, there are realities. I mean, palliative care is just good health care. Yeah. It is just one of the cool things that are in branding. But yes. Yes. Yes. It really does. Are there certain regrets that people have shared with you more often than others? What they all seem to have in common is they regret not letting themselves feel. Artificially or accidentally putting a wedge between you and anything. How much of either of you followed the sort of cellocybin work, the Roland Griffith's work? I think it can be. Amazing. It's a medical decision making, power of attorney, things like that. So one sort of public service announcement here is advanced direct is very important. You can download a form on life. Yes. Like this is a freak. But you don't need a lawyer to do this. What about the role of forgiveness? I would say more commonly what I see people needing to learn how to do is forgive themselves. You've always spent a lot of time with people in, by definition, the final stage of their life. What have you learned that changes the way you live your life or the way you want to live your life? Hey everyone. Welcome to the Drive podcast. I'm your host, Peter Atia. BJ. I'm amazing to have you back again and project great to meet you for the first time. Thank you guys for coming out here. BJ, you and I go way back. You're a previous guest on the podcast and we've spoken a little bit about some of the topics we're going to get to today. But when I reached out to you a few months ago to talk about this idea, you immediately suggested bringing Bridget along. So let me just share with folks what I wanted to talk about and I would love for you to share why you felt that this would be a great three person discussion as opposed to a two person. So I reached out to you and I said, look, BJ, I want to understand more about living. And I have an idea that we could learn a lot from people who are dying. And people who listen to this podcast know that I think that quality of life matters as much and potentially more than length of life. And a big part of that probably comes down to things that people think about during their life and during the end of their life. And maybe that there are regrets that people have that only surface at the end of life. So anyway, I kind of ran this idea by you. Actually, I think I ran the idea by you as do you even know anybody that would have thoughts on this and you said I'd love to talk about it. And so yeah, well, first of all, thanks for having us, Peter. It's good to see you, buddy. And I just love the setup for this conversation. I think we're very happy to be talking to you in general, but also to kind of continue to form the it's not quality of life versus quantity of life kind of false dichotomy that you've done so well to re-approximate. So we're really happy to be here and talk about this stuff. So, but why bridge it? I mean, so for me, a couple of thoughts. I mean, one is I just love bridge it in a mind and we get to work together and mirrored ways over the years. And the subject, you'll hear us again and again, we're going to work the idea that there's an objective and approach to death that is the way to go. You're not going to hear us citing much data because it's not a very well. It's an easily studied phase of life and what data do exist in to be qualitative. But this with all that subjectivity, it feels really important to have other voices sharing their point of view on sort of a similar outlook. So that's in part why bridge it. And also to for both of us, I just I mean, to speak for you, but I think the one of the things we should get up front to is, first of all, I haven't been my work in the last four years has pulled me farther away from being at a bedside. You know, and but either both of us have spent many countless hours in hospital bedside and other places that will be drawing from. But I think to get to the questions that you're interested in answering, so much of the work preparing for dying begins earlier in life, one way and another. So the idea that I think for your audience to imagine deathbed scenes that in the final moments there's this great epiphany or a climax of some sort can happen, but that's really not the norm. A lot of the action is in the days, weeks, months, years preceding the death moment. Mendef is a moment. And so one thing I think we want to get across as you've brought quantity and quality of life, we need to bring dying and living together. They are part of a whole. They're not at odds. And so that and so and so when do we begin dying, Peter? Like the second we're born exactly. So in some ways, all of us have some access to the subject already. Bridget and I are just a little bit closer to it on some level. So Bridget, what drew you to this space? I'm sure this is a question you get asked the moment people find out what you do. It's, it is an uncomfortable place to to stand. What's drawn you to it. You know, we all have our places in the world. And while this is an uncomfortable place, maybe from the outside for me, it is a pretty comfortable place. And that was sort of what got me there. I had many people in my life die. And I was in pretty close proximity to those deaths. And I wasn't freaking out. And so there is something in me. I looked around and a lot of other people were freaking out. And I was sort of like, oh, this is weird. And my unaffected, my guarded in a way that makes it some kind of numb and no actually it was more just that there was something in me that was okay around dying and also really curious about it. So that's how I got to this work. Can you say a bit more about that? What, what if you're comfortable with what were some experiences you had growing up? Yeah. My cousin, Kristen died when she was 13 and I was 18. She had pulmonary primary hypertension. And I was with her the day she died. And as you can imagine, a 13 year old dying is a pretty chaotic scene. She was not in a like official dying process that anyone was recognizing. So it was a crazy, entramatic. And there was just a stillness in me. I mean, I was very affected. There's a lot of emotion. I felt fear and overwhelm. But I also felt really able to be there for others. You know, I was 18 and the adults around me were as you can imagine all over the place. And so it was less about others, although I felt quite connected to her. It was more about being able to be like stay in my own body and be in my own experience and pay attention to what was happening, make contact with what was happening. So it was a pretty internal kind of experience and awareness. It wasn't until later experiences with one of my best friends, moms a few years later that I felt sort of that capacity in relationship to others as like a main supporter. The first imprint was really like there's something in this experience for me. PJ, people who listen to our first episode will be familiar with your story. But invariably there are a few people here who aren't. You want to give the super readers digest for a view of your story and how it probably shaped a lot of what you do today. For sure it did. I mean, so I went into medicine very simply because I had been a patient. I mean, I had no, it's not like I was pre-ordained ahead into medicine or I had never considered it. But at age 19 sophomore college, around the time bridge that you're having your experience at the bedside one way or another, my I was in the bed thanks to an electrical injury. At Princeton I was screwing around on a commuter train and climbed up on top and I had a metal watch on my left wrist and the electricity arc to the watch and that was that was that. So came very close to death. The lost and you know, you could say part of my body died. I had lost both legs and one arm. Part of them. And so that was a really big wake-up call to make. And for people who aren't familiar with that type of injury, I mean, I've seen you without a shirt on. I know with the, you know, it's it's it's not like, oh, we just cut these things off and you'll be, we'll be home Friday and we'll see what clinic next week. The burn, the magnitude of these burns, the skin graphs that are required. How long were you in the hospital? I was in the burning it for about three months. So burning it's horrible. Oh, just, that's a special place. It's not, I don't know what to compare a burning it to. For the patients or the people providing the care. It is careers very, very special people in those units. Yes. And careers tend to not last very long for a lot of reasons. There's a, these are houses of pain of a certain kind. So anyway, three months in that particular setting, which was that says a fair amount to your point about the complexity of electrical injury. I mean, that means I was on the edge for a doctor. Did you do lose kidney function? I don't recall that. I don't recall that, but I wouldn't be surprised if it was dinged. I remember, I remember looking over at the monitors many weeks in and my heart rate was, you know, 190 and, you know, just sitting there. You know, so there's a lot of fallout from an injury like that. And it takes a long time for the body to settle in and declare what's going to live and what's not. So the amputations were sequential. They take a little bit to see what tissues viable, all the while the risk of the way generally people die from burns is infection because you lose your immediate defenses to your line of defense of your skin. So hyperstair oil environment, no windows, nothing natural about it at all. You know, anyway, so that went on for a long time and tell I was out of the woods and then it was clear I was going to survive and then becomes the sort of longer work of learning to cope with this new body. And that's a, that was then tailed a lot of morning, a lot of grief, a lot of effort, a lot of creativity on my behalf as well as a lot of people around me. So took many, many months and very, to get out of that setting from the burning it into a step down unit and then into a rehab unit and then outpatient. And then begins the work of re-entering the world. And that's its own challenge with the visible disability. And as you say, the skin grafts, I was, you know, I used to be so ashamed of that, look, I used to cover it up. And then, you know, there was the work of kind of getting used to it and being comfortable in my own skin, literally again. And that took about two years before I was going to show anybody this, you know, and then five years again, hit another milestone for me to sort of being, inhabiting my own life again in some level and being anything other than an object to glare at. So anyway, there's a lot to say about, you know, a very slow process and it's ongoing, you know, I recently had a procedure. We don't need to go into details, but it's fall out from a, a central line that was being placed in my neck that got botched and clotted off in 35 years later, I had fall out from that. So it's an ongoing process all the time. I get new legs every two years or so, and that's its own process. So it does not end. So a moment ago, you alluded to the idea that kind of movie deathbed scenes are probably the exception and not the rule. I want to kind of explore this idea a little bit more, but I also want to help people maybe understand the population level, what death really looks like. So on this podcast, we talk a lot about causes of death, right? People who listen to me are very familiar with the forehorsemen, and we know about cardiovascular disease, and we know about cancer, and we know about neurodegenerative disease, and we can talk forever about these things. But we don't really talk about the very, very end, perhaps with the exception of a fatal, myocardial infarction and about 50% of MIs are fatal. But about 50% are not, and they're just setting you up for maybe heart failure or something else. So as difficult as it is, I'd love for you to sort of explain the mechanics of death, and we can start with the more common cause of death, which is cardiopulmonary death. We could talk about brain death after, but I'd love for both of you to sort of describe what's happening, both medically, socially, cognitively, like to the individual through that process. Peter, do you mean like the the the moment's leading to the death, as a body shutting down? Yeah, in those final hours, what is really happening? What does it mean to die of cancer? Right? Like, well, you know, I think for many people, it's a very foreign idea that this woman had breast cancer. Okay, there were cells in her breast that all of a sudden acquired mutations, those cells escaped from her breast and went to other parts of her body, but there's still a bit of a disconnect. Why did that? Why did the invasion of those cells to her bones and her lungs and her life? Well, Bridgio, me talk about a little bit of some of the medical physiological stuff, and you can talk about that. Yeah, that's fine. Yeah. Well, starting with this sort of more kind of cut and dry, more anatomical physiological things happening as a body's trying to die. And I like that phrase trying to die because we often find ourselves intervening in a body that's trying to die. It is one thing to get right out of the gates here is, and then bodies die. Living things die. It's, I think, a lot of a sub-sorb, a notion of death that it's some foreign invader or something that comes out of the woods and grabs us. And otherwise, I was just fine and then not, no, and as you don't know better than any of us, there are all sorts of things we can do to promote life. And there are a lot of ways where wired to hang onto life and to run from anything that's a threat to us. Those are all true and all natural. But included on the list of natural things that we do is die. So, you know, it is, that's what a body is supposed to do. I just want to get that clear. There's nothing wrong with you for dying. This is the way it's supposed to go. So, your body knows how to do this. So, let's talk about what the body knows how to do. I mean, in general, depending on the cause of death, whether the pathway might be cancer, as you're mentioning, or heart disease, or neurodegenerative diseases, there's a final common pathway of a body kind of shutting down. And it tends to shut down by organ system, you know. And it doesn't follow a neat and tidy pathway. It can happen kind of spontaneously in a kind of a moment, they're here and then they're gone. But very often, especially these days, most of us, like 80 plus percent of us will die of chronic illness. We will meet the thing that eventually waits our death while in advance of the death. So, we'll get that diagnosis. That someday will be the thing that ends our life. That's it's own. We could talk about that. That's its own kind of ball-o-axe. It comes with that fact, whereas no days, many of us, most of us died more spontaneously. You're very alive than you're very dead. Not a lot of in-between. So, in this in-between thing to get to find to your question, Peter, is the sort of shutting down phenomenon. So, oftentimes, if we're trying to prognosticate, help a person or family get a sense of how much time is left. We're looking at things like, are they in and out of bed, you know, much? Are they getting up and out of bed? So, if you're asleep on the couch or in the bed, 50% of the day, you know, and if that's sort of a progressive process, more and more fatigue, more and more tired, that usually in the context of chronic illness tells us we're heading towards the end. An interest in food and fluid is a big one. So, a body trying to die, a GI tract that's on its way to shutting down will stop sending hunger signals. And this is a big one for the audience to hear because a lot of us, you know, food equals nutrition equals nourishment equals life. So, if we see someone we love or ourselves not eating, the impulse would be, well, put some food into us. That's life. I don't want someone to starve to death is often my way to- And also love, right? Yes. How we show our care and exactly. Symbolically, the act of feeding another is, you know, the nourishment, the love to your point project comes with that there's so much around food. But then before we cut over to bridge to explain more, that's that could piece of the puzzle. You know, the body again is sending you a signal, don't put food in me because it will hurt. If a gut is not able to process the food, it sits in place and can cause pain, same with fluids. If we're forcing fluid into a body that's trying to die, that fluid will pool and cause trouble. So, the judgment of call wind to push the food and fluid and wind not is up to really a dialogue, you know, sort of a song in response with the patient. Once, you know, you might try a little bit of fluid and if that ends up in their lung or ends up swelling, then we pull back. But back to your question. So, as a body's trying to die, it will stop sending signals for that food and food and that's to be generally respected, not pushed past. Mental status. So, people often get really fuzzy in their thinking or all, and delirium is very common. So, oftentimes they'll be disoriented. I think it's 1912 and they're in a forest somewhere where they're in a hospital bed. So, that's very common. And BJ, delirium is not uncommon in the hospital. A lot of times with, otherwise, very healthy patients who are in the hospital to get surgery, the loss of circadian rhythm, the use of narcotics and other medications can easily induce delirium in a person who's otherwise not going to die. Is this a different form of delirium and what is really underpinning it? I don't know that it's a different form of delirium per se. Ultimately, it's a similar pathway, and it looks the same. So, you can have a hyperactive delirium, which are very easy to spot someone's jumping up and down on her bed and going kind of nuts enacting in a way that's not compording with the context of their sitting in a hospital. So, hyperactive delirium can be easier to spot. Very often it's hypoactive delirium, which is we often miss, especially in the hospital setting. Might just be a little tangential thinking or not quite clear on what day it is, something that's not so obvious. I'm very often the person's just silent. And that's more often the case I'd say at the end of life. It's more likely to be a hypoactive delirium, and so it may be hard to spot. And the person's been sleeping a lot anyway, so you might miss it. But one reason to bring it up is because if you don't know what to look for. I think a lot of family members and loved ones will be at that at the bed, trying to e-count every last moment with this person and looking for clues about what's going on for them and last relational moments and exchanges. And very often I've heard from a lot of people reports of, well gosh, my husband never said a mean word to me in our 50 years of marriage. And I've been traumatized for the last two years since he died because of his last words to me where this vulgar something or other. And or he told me that he had to get out of his own. Some harsh comment. And it, oh, I, one of those big takeaways out is just please keep delirium in mind because what it also means is that person who is delirious is not, you cannot stop yourself. They are not themselves. So whatever they're saying, you, you really cannot take it literally, you really cannot take it literally. So that poor woman was suffering for, you know, if someone had told her about delirium, then she would have understood. She took it very literally and was suffering immensely. So anyway, that's a note about delirium. It does feel like an important moment to pause just to note a couple of things, which is, you know, delirium at the end of life we take as seriously as we would in a more acute setting where someone's an ICU with expectation to recover. And we think about environmental factors that influenced delirium, like lighting and noise and interruptions, right? Because if we can minimize delirium, we want to want to want to treat it and care for it. I think the other thing about this space is that we enter into the like rich and nuanced and complicated space of interpretation and the meaning that's being made around what's happening. Right? So in that story, someone's, I was sitting at a bedside once with two daughters and their mom was dying. And she had been mostly quiet. I hadn't really talked in a couple of days and we're sitting there talking about her and telling stories and the her kids are telling me about her and she opens one eye and she kind of sits up and she says to her daughter, I love her jacket. And I looked at the daughter and the daughter just bursts into tears. And you know, I'm sitting there thinking like, oh, this is so nice. Like mom gives a kind of like, I'm expecting something positive and the daughter's like, she's never complimented my clothes before. If anything, she always looked at my, my dress in this critical eye. Like this is so off, you know. And I think that could be one of those projections that we're going to get to the end and dad's going to say mom's going to say the thing that we never heard them say. And they may and that might not feel good. Right? So it's, it's complicated and so interpersonal and personal and subjective event. You know, it's one of the reason why two of us being here together and why this work is done often in teams because we could both be in the room with the same person and have very different kind of hits or interpretations around what's happening, what's most important in the room, what needs to be tended to. I've had this so much to say about this stuff and that delirium thing. I mean, there's a big on this point of altered consciousness and what people are saying what's coming out of people. It's also true that deep dark secrets can sometimes get revealed. That's also true. So it's so much needs to be interpreted and it's there for how lightly and because you don't, there's these are final moments. You may never get the clarity of what mom or dad or that person actually meant in that comment, which is another trick to holding death in our living is to hold it lightly because we keep, we will find ourselves wine to apply a story of meaning on all of this stuff as a human's what we do. But one of the great lessons around this work is just, you know, just to hold that carefully and lightly. It's not always what we think it is. And on that note of delirium too, I will say as a medical person, I was taught that delirium is inherently a kind of suffering that it's uncomfortable that that to be confused to be disoriented as itself uncomfortable and the certainly problematic for the loved ones. So we always medicated it with anti-cycotics, how it paired all in others. We just thornsy just shut it down. I will say my own arc of my career as I've gotten, as I've sort of deluded the medical piece with other ways of thinking. I'm not so quick to shut that down. There may be something either vital happening for that person in the bed to express whatever's in there and maybe something that's helpful for the person to hear. I gave you the counterpoint that it's a hurtful for a loved one to hear in a de-contactualized way. But I think one of the meta messages here is dying, it doesn't can't always be shouldn't, perhaps, made me to use that hardware to be so tidy and immaculate and clean and perfect. I want to disabuse, I think we both like to disabuse that notion of that that's a good death. So a quiet death, the person. So I've been increasingly would not medicated delirium unless I had a conversation, if you were my patient, I'd say Peter, hey, there might be moments where you can be a little confused, et cetera. And if that happens, would you rather, maybe there's an opportunity for me to ask, would you like us to kind of air on the side of Medicaid and that and help you sleep through it? Or talk to family about that? But the bottom line here is, it's not such a one-to-one thing. When we see this, that means suffering, that means medication. It's much more mysterious than that. One of the things I've been thinking a lot about lately is how people died hundreds of years ago and thousands of years ago. So let's use thousands of years ago before before the advent of any medicine at all. So admittedly, they weren't living that long and admittedly, life expectancy would have been into the mid to late 30s. But people always confuse that for meaning nobody lived beyond that. Of course, that's not true. It just means so many people died young, like infant mortality was through the roof, tons of trauma and infection. But clearly, there were people that were living into probably their 60s. And I'm sure some of them were dying of cancer. Right? So I wonder, absent any medicalization of death, what death looked like then? Do we know anything about this? I mean, I don't from the books. I mean, I can imagine. But, and I think we knew that people died more acutely. But to your point, that's probably because they didn't know they were harboring a tumor or atherosclerosis, whatever else. So it looked like they were. And I think suffering, I think an average human had a different relationship to the day-to-day suffering and pains that went with being alive. And I think modern life has been tempting, has tempted us with the idea that we could always be comfortable. And that pain is a problem to root out and fix quickly, get back to the norm, which is comfortable always, which is just crazy talk. So I think part of it is we've induced people's pain by offering these fixes to them. By virtue of having something to offer your suffering, we might be more primed to tune into our suffering and seek that fix for it. And we kind of pulled this ourselves forward over time through modern life in such a way that back in the old day, I don't imagine that people were so distracted by their daily aches and pains. So I'm kind of getting off your question. I don't think we know, and these among us, I don't think we know from an historical, like I couldn't tell you factually what used to be the case. But watching patterns and knowing that human nature hasn't probably changed so much in the last couple hundred years per say, I think one is that people harbor to much that lived closer to death, death and what they didn't and live closer to pain. And so in some ways, they suffered less because it didn't have, wasn't tainted by a sense of injustice or why me. I'm projecting, which is an irony because as I think about a person dying in their 80s today, I think of that as kind of a remark of a privilege, like that we could be alive in this period of time where we could make it into such an old age. But yet at the same time, it feels like a tragedy, even though ironically, the tragedy is those people that were dying thousands of years ago. I want to ask you a question, Bridget, unless you wanted to say something else about that, but I was going to ask you a question about pain. Please. Okay. So when you're talking to somebody who makes the decision to enter hospice care or palliative care, and I want to come back to making sure people understand the similarity and to choose their to quite different things to get into them. But let's take an example of an individual who is cognitively completely intact, but is faced with a terminal illness. And let's maybe even talk through different examples. Somebody that's got something is debilitating as Lou Gerig's disease where their mind is completely intact, and they're suffering a neurologic disease is going to kill them versus an individual with a cancer that has metastasized in just a matter of time. What are their greatest fears when they come to you and where does physical pain and discomfort rank on that list? I mean, it's such a humbling question. It's a little bit hard to answer when you put something like Lou Gerig's disease and cancer next to each other. Pick one. Let's talk through. I think the thing I want to say before picking one is the path that gets you to the intersection where you are thinking about entering hospice or able to tolerate that idea is very different, right? If you're facing neurologic illness or cancer or heart failure, right? Like the experience that patients and the folks around them have had maybe quite short, maybe a decade, maybe with really successful treatments, maybe this kind of downward feeling slope the whole time. And so you're really primed, I think, in different ways that intersection depending on what this last chapter has been like, have you been mostly healthy and felt pretty good and something happens quickly, have you been in and out of the hospitals sort of in this endless cycle, right? You're holding very different experiences and people have honed their muscle of adjusting and adapting and adjusting and adapting very differently, kind of depending on their experience of of the illness they've had. It's also really, really color developmentally depending on where that person is in their life, are they 42 with two young kids, are they 85, having lived a life they feel pretty good and full about. And so that's all the layer, you know, that's not all, those are a few of the layers of context that really inform. Given how much there is to unpack there and how I realize I want to go into all of that, let's take the step back and help people understand the difference between palliative care and hospice care. Yeah, great. So I sort of think of it as like palliative medicine is the big umbrella, palliative care is the big umbrella, and hospice care is sort of like the very end or the sort of backside of the umbrella. P palliative care is a medical specialty usually provided by a team for folks with a serious illness. Serious illness can be defined lots of ways and is defined differently in different health systems, kind of depending on how they're staffed and how their palliative care programs are kind of created to function, what purposes they're serving. But some of the BJU jump and at any point, but some of the big differences is that with palliative care generally there's no limitation around any disease directed or modifying therapies you might be pursuing and you don't have to be dying inherently or even clear that you're facing death. You could be diagnosed with a very serious cancer that actually has pretty robust treatments and you could live for quite a long time. Meaning many, many, many years. Many, many, many situations. What is the objective of the palliative care team? To think really holistically about who is this person? Where are they in their lives? How do they make sense of what's going on? What do they understand about their illness? Who's supporting them? All really grounded in this are their ways that we can help this person feel sort of as well as possible to treat the symptoms related to serious illness, to treat the symptoms related to the treatments of different serious illnesses. But in the context of whole life, which means you could have an onoclinic day, you could be seeing two people that seem on paper generally the same, right? Similar age, demographic backgrounds, diagnoses and be dealing with really different things when you walk in the room. Yeah, I mean, no matter how you slice it, the goal is, is the focus is quality of life. Period. Whether it's got a care hospice and by the way, for both bridges, so it's inherently interdisciplinary as Bridgette's saying. That's why Bridgette's social worker and I'm a medical doctor, but we work with chaplains, nurses, music, and atologist, potentially art there, as funters. In the subject matter, suffering in quality of life, there's no one discipline that has a lock on that stuff. But whether it's pad of care or hospice, the focus is really on helping someone feel as well as possible. And that is an inherently holistic question because it gets at their identity. Yes, as well as possible as defined by them. Right? And so for someone, that could mean very aggressive paid management. And for someone else, it could have a different relationship to the experience of pain. And they wouldn't put that at the top of the priority list. They might put more concrete or relational kind of supports, you know, higher up on their list. So our, you know, the beauty of our jobs and our work is to meet this person in this moment in time and identify what's up for them, what's most important and sort of where where it is that we get to meet them to work towards quality of life as defined by them. So what is the transition then for an individual from being under the bottom umbrella of palliative care into a more narrow, defined level of care as hospice? Yeah. I mean, I think there's some, you know, there's some like a world of ideals in that and then there's what actually happens. And the reality in this country is that folks are admitted to hospice very, very late, you know, the length of stay on a hospice program. This country's something like three week average. And so it's actually quite little bit of time. And when I think about when hospice is a good fit for folks, I think about wanting to stay out of the hospital, being in a place where they are ready to or being forced to grapple with the reality that there is not anything left to do to change what is happening in their body to change the cancer to delay the neurologic illness and or folks that are more explicitly ready to be supported in their end of life care or in their transition. And just done with chasing the treatment, you know, done with chemo. Yeah. Maybe there's it may be a, you that came on might have something more to offer them in terms of life spent, but they are just electing to be done with that. So whether the weather came out and other things have run out of run their courts and there's nothing left to try, which is often the case, or they feel don't worth what they're trying. They are just telling us that they're just, they don't want to try anything else. Either way, they would be much more likely to be hospice ready. Now you're saying the average length of stay in hospice and really there are as I'm aware of it and so correct me if this is not correct. There seem to be three paths to hospice. There's hospice in your home where you go back to your home and a hospice team comes there and cares for you in your home. There is a palliative care ward inside a physical hospital that provides hospice care, but it's still within a hospital. And then there are outpatient hospice facilities dedicated facilities for hospice that are not hospitals. With those three encompass the, the, how hospice care is delivered or is there another one? Sort of in terms of sites of care. Okay. This is where it starts to get really warm and complicated. You can shut us up, Peter, so many different so many tributaries. But to kind of back up a little bit, it may be orienting for audience here. So as Bridget's totally correct, palliative care is the larger umbrella. Hospice is this sort of subset of palliative care devoted to the final months of life. So to be real clear, same philosophy in a lot of ways, but by insurance and reimbursement lines and by policy designation, you can get palliative care alongside curative intended care. You cannot do so in hospice. When you go on to hospice, you have to give up that curative intended care. I can't just that. I mean, you can't have an IV line, generally speaking. Yeah. Generally speaking. So there is, it is a, the way it's set up is a crossroads. We'll make the point that dying and living look a lot alike. But in the man-made world of policy and health care structure, there are some important forks in the road. So one of them to go on to hospice is you no longer have access to or don't want curative intended care and things to go with it. And also someone somewhere has to certify that should nature on its course. You likely have six months or less to live. So those are the two forks in road to qualify for hospice. Poundative care, those are neither of those applies for a lot of care. So that's a really important distinction. So I'm trying to kind of, in one other point to make there as well. Poundative care is the larger umbrella. Hospice is the older one. So we started in this country with hospice. And since the 1982, when Medicare got in the business, we had those restrictions. And then people in the 1980s and 90s realized, why are we waiting to the final weeks and months alive to deliver this kind of loving care? And so the pat of care was born as a younger, bigger sibling to come to get outside of those restrictions. So it's a wonky issue. Well what's interesting is you just said that hospice care was the original. And it was six months of life expectancy. And today we're at a point where median or mean is three weeks in hospice. Well if that's true, and we think about what we know about what individual looks like when they have three weeks left of life, this is usually a person who's already in delirium already in the early stages of organ failure. This is a person who probably is already spending more than 50% of their time sleeping. And what I guess I'm hearing you say, or maybe I'm imputing, is should they have moved into hospice sooner? Have they have they been unnecessarily discomforted by pursuing therapeutic intent until that three week mark on average? Brad, you want to jump in there? No, you go first. No. I would say as in broad strokes, unequivocally, in general the answer is yes. I think we know that patients and families wait too long. They're suffering more than they need to and taking on treatments that are no longer helping them for a longer period of time. But there's a what can feel like a charade portion of care. And there's a lot of reasons like the patients and families not wanting to look at that piece of the puzzle yet denial is a thing, you know. And also referring physicians, perhaps is the the bigger reason that they are not seeing the writing on the wall or don't want to or whatever else. So it's very often that the physicians don't bring up hospice until way late in the game. So for many reasons, I think it is a generally true statement that we wait too long to invoke hospice. We wait too long based it based on our own state of goals of feeling peace and having some comfort towards the end and not wasting our time doing things that don't help us. And we also get into these situations where in my wife tells a story about one of her very close friends who died in 2018 from She had an abdominal cancer and her wish was to die at home. Mm-hmm. She was re-emitted. I think for a bowel obstruction and she was never able to get out of the hospital. Right. So she died in the hospital and this is probably probably not an uncommon situation where I think back to patients I took care of who heroic measures were done. Right. So maybe someone had an aortic dissection or a ruptured abdominal aortic aneurysm. They're old. They already have organ failure. You go ahead and do it. But this is a person who was cognitively completely intact when they came in. Three weeks later, they're intubated. They're on dialysis. You can't transfer that person to hospice. Right. Right. I mean, because of the moment you turn up because they can't have the ventilator. You can't have the dialysis. The moment you turn those things off, the person expires. So they're going to expire and I see you. Never what they wanted, probably. But so how often do you use in your experience are people in that no man's land where they now have missed the window to go into hospice? All I can say is not uncommonly. I don't have numbers to say. But that is not an uncommon story. And that's why if the second eye here someone say, I never want to die in hospital. My ears go out as a potential referer. Like then this person should really, we should really look to get this person to hospice. But this is be jay. I've never made anybody who wants to die in a hospital. I mean, I'm going to go on record right now and say, I don't want to die in a hospital. Now, I hope that my death is 35 years away, 40 years away. If I'm lucky, I don't want to die in a hospital. Yeah. I've watched too many people die in a hospital. It's never, ever, ever what you imagine it should be or could be. The goddamn beeping, the smells, the noise, the chaos. It is awful. Yeah. So if you were my patient, you were our patient, you know, would be, we'd be interesting to go down that road a little bit and brejji may have different things to say. But I hearing that and the stridency with which you said versus like, I don't want to be in a hospital, a hospital suck, but to hear that kind of level of passion, which comes from having been there. Exactly. Most people might not be as, you know, adamant about a design, but they haven't, they haven't watched a thousand of these deaths. And I'm, because all the more reason for me to really take what you're saying very seriously, you know, where of you speak it here. So, you know, so if you were under, if I were in any way involved in your care, I would pull up a chair and say, Peter, I heard you say that, buddy. And first of all, I might ask you like, is that a throw, I come and do you mean that today, you know, like really kind of get into get behind with what's what you're saying there and to see how durable a choice that is in the night, might say it very explicitly, like even in the abstract Peter, some day as you know, there's going to be something that's going to come along and is going to eventually your death. So let's, you and I are going to keep a real hawks eye on this together. And there's going to be crossroads along the way around treatment decisions. And what they're oncologists or cardiologists or whatever doctor may not share with you is what it means to take on this treatment and what might happen. And you know, we'll together, you and I will interrogate all these decisions and really dig in to see what's going to, what might land you unexpectedly in a hospital in a ways that you're kind of feel stuck. And I would also say to Peter, part of dying, well, is also letting go of all the things you can't control. There's not going to be so many things that we can dictate. That's right. I could get into a car accident tomorrow that ends up in an ICU where they struggle valiantly to save me, but I still die. And that means I'm dying in a hospital. Yeah. So exactly. So I would sort of disabuse you of some absolutism around this. But then we would, we would, you have just given us our marching orders as the thing to look out for you as Peter at Tia to not suffer more than you need to where you are when death comes is a huge point for you. So that's noted. So we'll we'll wrap that into our care together as we move through time. And we'll make decisions with that in mind. But that is because you were explicit about it. And then you say most people, and who wants that? That's true. But that conversation rarely happens. Rarely actually happens to get that goal stated into the kind of care plan. Yeah. Let's give a couple of examples of where that discussion has relevance. Right. So now let's go back to a couple of these examples. So you've had that discussion when a person is still in palliative care before transitioning to hospice or you sometimes waiting to have that discussion in hospice for the first time? Which conversation? About where? Yeah. Where? Oh. I think it depends. I mean, I think it depends on the kind of clarity or adamant a person comes into. So it might be one of the first conversations you have. Right. If somebody's had a really visceral experience in their own life, it could be the first thing they're thinking of with the diagnosis of advanced cancer or something. And it may be a conversation that's happening sort of weeks into hospice, depending on how things have evolved with the family and or how they're changing. So I think, you know, I do want to just step back, which is like I have seen very beautiful hospital deaths. Yeah. And I've also, yeah, the reason I'm so jaded is when you come from where I came from, you're running codes on people you're relying, right? They're dying while you're doing chest compressions on them and you're shocking them and you're breaking them. Yeah. Yeah. And so yes, I should really clarify. I'm coming out from a very narrow point of view that has maybe skewed my view too much. Maybe. Sure. I mean, we're all informed about those experiences, right? And the, the, I haven't, you know, not a physician. So I haven't had this experience, but I think coding someone while they're dying is a incredibly painful experience for the team providing that care potentially. But I have seen beautiful hospital deaths and I have seen people very clear in their sense that not dying at home is the goal. Yeah. You know, that to die in their living room with their kids watching is intolerable to them to know that they're leaving their family with that imprint because it is an experience that we've plucked out of our living rooms and most people don't have a familiarity or comfort with it. Plenty of people, I think maybe especially younger people who are dying are very clear. Like, no, no, I'm not going to do that at home. And if that means I'm in an acute care setting, like, okay, that's, that's sort of fine with me and preferred. And by the way, from an insurance perspective, because that must factor into this, if is there a fundamental difference in what an insurer, you see MS or otherwise will provide based on the option? Yeah, I mean, it's a great question. I kind of go back to your initial kind of laying out of the three trajectories into hospice. And I think we should be really clear. Like, the lion's share of hospice is what they call and reimburse for as, quote, residential hospice, which means in a place someone's living. Their home, their assisted living in a car or sometimes, I mean, it's a rather their calling where people are. It also could include the hospice facilities, like the resident hospice residences. Which are uncommon in this area. Yeah, so 80% of hospice happens where people live. Okay. And the remaining 20 is either in a hospital hospice unit or a dedicated hospice facility or nursing home. Or nursing home. Why is that rare? Because I don't, I would have assumed that the most economical and desirable place to provide hospice care would be an a dedicated facility. And it's for sure it's the assumption. So, you know, I've had hundreds of conversations being the social worker to go in and describe hospice and give hospice education and so many people, what the assumption is is hospice is a place that you go to die. And overwhelmingly that is not true. Right? Hospice is a service that comes to you where you are. And it's very, I mean, there's a lot of people that fear like, I'm, you're suggesting hospice you're going to send me away to die and that is a barrier because people don't want to be sent away. But then there's also disappointment of, oh, there aren't like a plethora of choices of places for me to go. We actually have to figure out how to hunker down and make this happen at home or find, and what does the regional resource of resources? What is provided? So, if an elderly couple who live alone, one of them becomes terminally ill, elect hospice. And let's just assume that the, if it's the husband who is sick that the, that the wife is not physically going to be able to do much, she was able to care for him before he had one critical last event because these things were typically as a step, right? You know, he's sick, but then he falls. And that's the sort of straw that breaks the camel's back. Does the home provision cover full-time support or something, nothing, even remotely close, which for how would she care for him if he is now bedridden, requiring pain medication, requiring medication for sedation, and any other form of comfort care? I wish you clean him. Yeah, you're pointing to, I think, one of the biggest systemic issues we have in this space, which is little to no reimbursement for caregiving and for the provision of a way that is from a hospice mean, then if you're not giving that. It means an expert team that's available 24 hours a day and comes to you basically as needed. And that, that could be once a week, that could be once a day. Certainly, I think the goal is often like a couple of times a week. And this is a, this is a huge, I mean, this is part of why hospice is underutilized, is because it doesn't always have the resources that people need to manage care at home. And the reality is, is that when somebody goes home, it's usually a communal effort. You know, folks are coming in and out when they're not working, they're taking off time, working, they're pulling in friends. If there's the resources, their hiring caregivers, which is quite expensive, thing to do. So it's a huge lift on caregivers, care partners and families to have someone diet home. So I didn't realize that. So you're saying that if a person elects home hospice care and they need full-time support, they're paying for that out of their own pocket. Yes. Yes. Which is very, that can't be cheap. No. No, I mean, there's multiple ways to hire caregivers. But, you know, in the Bay Area, for example, the range, the hourly range would be something like 20 to 55 dollars an hour, kind of depending on if you're hiring and trying to live your community or aid. No, that's just like a home health. Yep. Yeah. I got there so much to say and this stuff here, I mean, I mean, one year, as you're talking, you're reminding me about this home point just to make this case, like a lot of us in the abstract would say, I want to be at home when I die. Yeah. But then when it comes down to it, you know, when a few weeks turn into months and the family's burning out because it's at least 23 hours of the day is family and friends doing the work. So, you know, so a lot of us say, I want to be at home, but when it comes down to it, that is not always necessarily the easiest place or possible or even possible for all these reasons. And then to your question about why are they're not more hospice houses, just from that one's going to if they are not willing to pay to have someone come to your own house, they're certainly not going to pay for you to have a facility. Exactly. So, right. And so the medical system separates social services from medical services. So, the room in board of a facility, the infrastructure of the house, those are not be considered medical issues. So, therefore, are exempted from coverage. So, I worked at a hot one of the very few hospice houses in the country and it had to close as famous as it was, the world over. This sweet little six bed hospital is known all over the world. And it couldn't make it because there was, it does just no financial pathway. So, it's complicated. There should be more of these places and to note around your very reasoned incredulity there because that's much less expensive. When they alternative, it's to go back to an acute care hospital. But as you know, this is not a rational system per se. It's why you see that couple that you mentioned where he's dying and she's home and she can't bathe him. She can't deal with his bed pin. It's why you see in those stories, people go into the hospital, go to subacute rehab, maximum Medicare days, go home, go back into the hospital because there is this sort of not always explicitly called out or intended sort of like, how do we maximize the benefits that are here? It's one of those examples. And unfortunately, medicine is full of these, especially in the United States. And I'm very, I have a lot of great things to say about the healthcare system here. I really, probably know where I'd rather live with respect to healthcare, but there are so many examples just like this where both the payer, so actually I would say all three, the payer experience, the provider experience and the patient experience would all be better with a different system. Totally. It's more expensive. It's worse for the patient. It's worse for the care team to have the patient do what they have to do now to game the system. It's a real shame that even if you didn't care about the quality of an individual's life, if you just acted economically, you could just the bank account. You've just fallen the beans. Yeah, that's part of the joy and craziness of working in this part of the healthcare system. Because there's such and there's a, you get a line of sight as you say there could be this alignment where it's better care for everybody involved and cost less money. The whole part of care in the hospital has done a really good job over the last 40 years of gathering data. A week saved the health system lots of money. We improved care. All the stuff works, but it's still not scrutinizing the system for all sorts of reasons. You know, the the six month prognosis component of the hospice benefit was really an arbitrary place in some ways that was about getting it funded. You know, the sort of original thinkers were like, yeah, that should be a year. And that's probably more rate. You know, it should be you should be eligible if you're pregnant. But the fact that it's three weeks on average tells you how many resources are being course. Yeah, on the highest price provider. Yes. Yeah. It's, it's, it's, yeah. Well, the last, you know, for thinking about the last weeks and months and the swirl that's happening because you're getting sicker, all of these things are changing in your life. You're, you know, so much is changing your probably your, your touch with the healthcare system is really high that in that time to also get really sober maybe for the first time about what's important to you. Where do you want to be? Can you see this thing clearly? Like, it's almost an impossible time to do. So let's, let's focus on that for a second because this strikes me as a cultural issue. Right. It, uh, and you, you to live in this world, um, I would say I'm adjacent to the world, but I don't live in it. And most people aren't even adjacent to it. So death is a really foreign thing. The reason I suspect that this can gets kicked down the road so much. So much in fact, that after all the can kicking, people get to the end of their life, there's no road and there's just a pile of cans. So what is it culturally that prevents us from talking about this when we're 50, when we're 60, when we're 70, when we're 70, yeah, like, why, why is it because it's, it's, it's become such a, I don't, I don't know if I want to say it's a black box. I don't want to say it's a mystery, but but it's just something that we don't want to talk about. And as such, I feel, I really believe that that's why we get to that three, we, okay, fine, we're pulling the plug. It's three weeks and you fall off a cliff kind of thing. Um, do we know anything about other cultures? You know, do we know how is it in Japan? How is it in Europe? How is it in, in other parts of the world? Do we know anything about how, how, how, end of life functions there? A little bit culturally, there's a lot to study. I mean, often, it'd be so fun to take a couple of years and really study the anthropology around dying and which cultures, how cultures do this differently. We've been dying a long time. You know, so, but one thing, I think, is a great skill. Yeah. Yeah, we do. You will definitely do it. Yeah, I think you will not fail. You promise you. So, um, and I think what you're calling attention to, there's the, the culture, so I scanned an ABA in cultures, um, Japan, a place that generates its elders, you know, and aging and dying are different, but they bump into each other a lot. So, I, my armchair read, I'd say, life in Japan, where the comfort of being in old skin might be a different experience, but there you're still left with the sort of natural phenomenon, culture phenomenon of aging, bumping into this health care system idea. And that is the cognitive dissonance. We have these systems that are engineered and wired in such a way that are so at odds with mother nature on some level and so, blind to cultural issues in the name of science and so many sort of reductive ways that I think it's still, if you were in Japan, I think you'd still find a health care system that struggles with this question, even as the culture, uh, maybe doesn't as much. Similar probably in Scandinavia, but I think in those places, I know in the Scandinavian model, you will, one of the things that comes up for people then of life is, you know, other living issues like housing, like, you know, your relationships, they're still there. So, we, one of the things that makes dying harder in this country is the social determinants of health in society are not cared for, so you're still having your housing issues when you're trying to die. You still got billpaying things that are, you know, that's the stuff that makes dying extraordinarily hard in some cases or in many cases. You're saying that the lower, the wider net of the social safety net here compared to a country like Canada or Japan presumably just adds one more stressor to an already stressful situation. Largely, in any one sense doesn't do a justice, because as you said, the health care systems, these places, they can also do amazing work, and so I don't want to just blindly categorically denigrate a health care system in any country. There's some good things happen, but it is such a mixed bag, and as many problems as it solves, it creates some other ones, especially around issues that people are struggle to look at to your point still holds. Like, that we do have a problem in why Bridget and I came this far, science to see or smiling face, but to talk about this in such a way that allows an audience as large as yours to begin to think about this before it's sort of too late. This is, I think, all of our work as citizens to begin to rope this part of reality into our view so that we can prepare ourselves for it, and we can live with these realities and not be so surprised by the fact that we die someday. In part is so that we learn how to advocate for ourselves versus, yeah, I'd love to see our health system mature around these issues, and we'll continue to work on that or towards that. But I think the bigger note for your audience is what can each of us do to prepare ourselves in ways that the health system is not? In some ways, you're going to have to say no to health care to die well in this country, it's something you kind of have to say no thanks to medicine. One thing your audience needs to appreciate and why advanced directors are so helpful. For example, the system is it is by default modes of our health care system would be just do more stuff, prop your body up anything to give you a pulse. Unless you've written or stated otherwise, we're going to just try to protect you having a pulse. Most of us don't equate having a pulse with actually really being alive and that becomes a problem at some point. We in this sort of carnival where we can really prop up a body almost indefinitely so it becomes a you have to find a way to say no to that and unwind what that hospital can do. You have to get out of the way of that to die peacefully in this country. Does that make some sense? No, no, I mean, it makes so much sense and as you're saying it, I'm just reflecting on the internal struggle that I think most nurses and doctors experience and I we don't talk about it but I remember during residency the pride that I took in how heroic we could be. What we could do for a patient in the ICU, like how many central lines I could put in you and how I could look at all the different cultures and figure out the five antibiotics you need and how good I was at managing your dialysis and getting that CVVHD to manage the pressure and this and that and how I could alter the antibiotic into aortic balloon pump to just keep your heart like we were there was such a sense of awesomeness in like this technology. It is awesome. But then you take a step back and you're thinking, what am I doing? What am I doing? This is a physiological experiment. It's not a life anymore. Yeah. And you would say, well, is there a chance that this person's going to recover? Well, of course, there's always a chance, but how big does that chance need to be for the expected outcome to justify what you're doing? And there's two ways to answer this question. The first is economically. That's an easier way to answer it because expected outcomes are probabilities. It's what is the expected outcome of this survival multiplied by the cost of this intervention. You take the dot product of those. You add them all up. There's the cost of your health care system with respect and of life care. Let's put that aside. There's the human one. Right. There's the how many people are spending their last weeks or months in an ICU where they are for on tents and purposes no longer there. Right. Because the amount of sedation you have to put on a person to keep them in that state is extreme. They're now swelling into a Michelin man and is this what we want their families final memories to be. Something I have such a visceral memories of sitting in those family meetings in the ICU where the person the bed is unrecognizable. And the expectation that physicians and nurses and social workers and spiritual, that the healthcare teams should be able to have all of that expertise knowledge, not all of it. Just some of the expertise knowledge that you just outlined. And then also the very nuanced interpersonal capacity to with a relative stranger asks some of the biggest philosophical questions in a moment of crisis. I mean that is like in some ways a beyond human expectation of physicians which is where the and many do it. I mean just like with profound grace and beauty. Even when it really doesn't feel like it to them. But that's where sort of like the consumer side or the patient side is like you know come in having wrestled with it. Not because you were given a diagnosis of a serious illness but because we all do die and that and that kind of gets back to your original question like this is hard because it's kind of impossible to imagine not existing anymore. To actually psychologically spiritually philosophically grapple with like I'm here and I won't be and my children are here and they won't be and my spouse is here and they won't be and maybe I can kind of wrap my head around that being true for my grandparents maybe and then my you know it's like this is a fundamental sort of contemplation of being human and you know it's a good muscle good. It's a it's a life-giving muscle I think to start to flex when you are healthy. When you feel good when you're like it is actually true that I don't know when I'm going to die it could be because I'm hit by a basket could be from some unexpected instantaneous physiologic thing or it could be some process when I'm 85 like we don't know and collectively we have a hard time talking about and being in spaces together when when fundamentally we don't know. So let me ask you a question let's assume we put you in a role where you're you're an advisor that walks through the oncology ward okay outpatient oncology so they bring you in for a consultation with and maybe you tell me this is actually not a bad idea but they just say like we're going to bring you into the outpatient on-board on Tuesdays and we just want you to meet the patients okay now these are patients that are in all stages of oncology so let's assume that this is a breast cancer ward or not ward clinic and that means you are dealing with women who have just been diagnosed with pre-cancer, Dr. Carson on my side to DCIS all the way up to women who have progressed through every intervention and are now facing completely unresponsive stage for cancer okay you are introduced to Jody Smith she's 42 years old she's a mother of two and she has she was recently diagnosed with what is turning out to be a stage three breast cancer so she has a mass in her breast that they have removed and it's surgery they also found lymph nodes under her arm but the work up of the rest of her body found no evidence of cancer so she is now going to undergo chemotherapy plus or minus radiation and by the way I'm not entirely familiar with the odds on this but let's just say it's a 50% chance cure rate so and there's a 50% chance that this is never going to come back there's a 50% chance it will come back and by the way if it comes back she will die from this it will go on for years but it will come back in a distant organ what would you say to her when you introduce yourself and let's just assume she understands why you're there and what you do so if she says to you do I really need to meet you shouldn't I be meeting my cancer doc yeah what would you say I mean the do you need to meet me question is interesting um you know I think what I would want to know is what has this meant like what has this experience meant her so far right like what is so let's say she says this has been the most jarring terrifying thing I have gone through in my life I'm 42 I have a seven year old and a five year old that are my world it has never crossed my mind that I wouldn't be a grandmother and I'm now being told there's a 50% chance I won't be a grandmother but I'm a fighter and I have faith that these are amazing doctors and it's a coin flip I'm going to get heads yeah I mean I would join her in that I think I would also want to normalize the fact that she has never imagined anything other than being a grandmother I mean I think so much about those initial you know encounters or meeting of somebody is about rapport building right you have to get into a back and forth so that they feel you as another person there that's curious about their experience and you know you were quick to kind of like add context for me but you know actually the process of someone feeling comfortable to say like I've always imagined being a grandma and I'm going to be a grandma right yeah that's probably three discussions right that's not like that yeah there's a least I probably maybe no our kids names or she's told me something like you know she's asking it yeah but it's a okay skipping ahead but it's also skips over into like there's an international component that people I think are sometimes caught off guard by and also really welcome because they have been having this experience and you know nobody's had the time to say how are you what does this mean to you are you know oh you're waking up at night what are you thinking about when you wake up at night what what is the biggest worry that this brings up for you you know has it has it crystallized something into greater clarity I mean it seems to me that first of all based on the definition of palliative care she would be a great candidate for palliative care because she is still 100% for course press treatment but palliative care would bring in she doesn't seem to me that she needs someone to manage her pain she probably needs someone to talk to and talk about what she thinks about when she wakes up at four in the morning scared to death yeah right and that's probably not something that I'll call her in but she may need somebody to to learn about other impacts of the treatment and how that's affecting her life and is there anything to do to mediate that right so maybe her her interest in sex or her sexual function has changed and nobody's asked her about that nobody's thought with her about like how do we you know what can you do to adjust and adapt to still have access to that part of your life even though you have stage three breast cancer or with with stage three breast cancer how many of the theoretical patients that I just described of which there are tens of thousands in this country if not hundreds of thousands how many of those patients are in palliative care right now in very fraction yeah well I'm a couple reasons come to mind one is that people can flate hospice in paddock hair and so people say I'm not ready for paddock hair or they're saying I'm ready to think about dying yet yeah because it's it the idea is once I'm in palliative care we're not fighting yeah we're not treated which is and untreated and you know you say what palliative care is and people meet you in their failure they're like well why wouldn't who wouldn't want this and there is that kind of wondering if I should be in palliative care now I mean palliative care is just good health care yes yes yes yes yes yes yes often we're doing this very basic things what feel very elemental like sitting down and saying hi Peter I'm BJ you know yeah introducing yourself with some of the magic about care I mean that's a little it's extreme but that's true often what bridges doing our people our colleagues are doing is just some very elemental work that gets skipped over and everyone's expense so that's true um but I also don't want to land there the work of palliative care while often is very rhetorical not just the prescription pad for the MD often gets um we don't value the psychological elements is much the relational elements existential elements so I don't want to say palliative the work of palliative care is easy it does tend to the fundamentals of care in ways the rest of healthcare doesn't but it doesn't stop there there is real skill set that bridge has for meeting you timing her questions how she hears you when she calls this conversation and says it for the next time when she decides to bring up the potentials for suffering when she introduces mortality those are all that's a real felt experiential thing that doesn't just happen happened has it so I guess I'm saying two things there's a real skill set to this work that often gets shorts cited which is another reason why palliative care doesn't get invoked very often is you'll hear physicians especially and other people health systems oh I don't need palliative care I do that or they're not ready or they're not ready or I you know I'll take care of that I yeah because they're saying like I care about my patient I treat their pain um that may be true to a point but very often why people don't get palliative care back to your important question there is one I'm misunderstanding about palliative care is two an unrest in mating the work that goes into this relational stuff and so therefore a lot of people pretend or think they're delivering palliative care when they're not and third would be capacity you know we don't have enough of people who are forced to stop thinking about that so there's a big three reasons why people don't get into palliative care so let's say you get to know her better how often and let's just say she says you know I I really love being able to talk with you about this stuff because I'm scared and by the way this treatment's hard like my hair is falling out I'm sick I don't have the energy to like play with my kids right now like there's there's a lot of stuff in life that is really difficult even as I am hopefully going through this journey to come out on the other side healed how often would she get to interact with the palliative care team it's a there's an insurance based question ago it's a health system it's a health system staffing question and also you know a question about in any given system sort of what are the named priorities of palliative care in that system which can be quite different so there isn't a great way to answer that question I think it depends on it depends on staffing it depends on if she has other supports if there's a way to connect her to other supports and I think you know this is this is where our work at metal health I think folds in because the health system is not staffed or primed or any other number of adjectives you know to support people in the ongoing way that most would benefit from that's really like a community based resources you or intervention it's like where people are actually living their lives with this illness is where that support kind of is gonna come from and you know I think most people find that in their lives from their spiritual community or church community or friend group but I would still guess that from having somebody outside of their lives right you know her telling me her you know sharing your fears with me is very different than sharing your front your fears with your friend who's having their own very personal like you can't die how would I live without you you're supposed to be a grandma with me like don't talk about that right they're bringing all of their own you know myriad protections and guards from this subject into their caring for that person I think so often when we meet people in this counseling space right we might be the first person who hasn't kind of you know with all of the love and all of the the good intent minimized what the person is sharing because it's hard to tolerate our our people's fears you know we want them to feel better we want that to stop for them and so we say things like oh but you're gonna be fine like look how well you've done so far it's gonna be okay so how would your interaction change if I put you into a neurology clinic and you were meeting people who were all newly diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease so now we have people who show up with cognitive impairment but they're still pretty they're still good they're actually still okay but they've now had that emiloid pet scan the demonstrates the buildup of emiloid in their brain and certainly to the eye of a skilled neurologist the diagnosis is unambiguously clear it's a clinical diagnosis of course and they've now been given the diagnosis you were in the early stages of Alzheimer's disease we don't know the speed at which this is gonna progress but we know that it's more or less monotonically going to get worse yeah what are you asking that person I mean this is a very beloved space of mine that I've gotten just been more time in in the last few years and I I um I think for a lot of people one of my first questions is you know what do you understand about what's like what are the doctors told you what do you understand right because a person may have had many visits with their neurologist and the neurologist has given very clear information but let's say that this person for the sake of this case study watched their parent die of Alzheimer's disease and there's a strong erratitary component here and they now understand they were let's just say they'd been in denial for the last year while they were in the throat of a big exam they were like oh I don't know I'm probably just a little tired it's probably just you know a little distracted yeah but now they've been confronted with there's the emiloid pet scan there's the C2N blood test and here are the results of the cognitive test and you know you are on the same path as your your mom or your dad and they remember they remember what it was like for the last four years of that person's life so let's assume that there's not a lot of ambiguity in their mind about what what's what's happening yeah I mean I'd want to know more about their experience with their parent I'd want to know the things that they're most worried about so I'm I'm gonna just say I am most worried that I'm not going to be able to care for myself that the people I care about are going to need to take care of me and it's going to inconvenience them and I'm not ready to to to to to lose my mind like I'm young I'm this person let's say this person is 68 years old like this is on the verge of being early onset right and they're realizing that they did in another couple of years they might not be sent him and they're basically saying like this is a high functioning individual this is a person who's still working who is contributing who loves their life and they're basically mourning the loss of that yeah I would not enter after their mourning right like of course like of course like sort of of course to their feelings and it's sometimes that's hard for me to like pluck questions that I would ask out because it is such of a such a like in the moment thing but it's like tell me more about how much you don't want this to happen why what's the worst case like what happens between now and there like you know there's a certain amount of like creating and allowing for space for people to say the things that they're catastrophizing in their minds that they're so scared of that they don't want to have happen to lay that land in order to come back to in a trajectory of so you know yes you've laid out like a path but also so much uncertainty actually for like when how the per progression will happen and when and what the changes will be and the impossibility you know just how hard it is to to not know what that will actually really look like what are the considerations because again they're just in palliative care they're going to go and try all sorts of therapies deep down they know that the therapies in this space are far less efficacious than the woman you met earlier with breast cancer where she's really got a shot yeah this the most these therapies are going to do is slow things down but look if you slow them down enough maybe something experimental comes along so they're going down the path of I'm going to do this palliative care thing because you seem like a nice person and I like talking with you but I'm I'm going to do everything I can to slow this down yep so now let's fast forward a year or two things are getting worse what are the things you want to understand before you're so far gone that they can't even like walk me through the things you need to do to help them in their family prepare for what is effectively inevitable. How do you be a jump jump in if there's things bouncing around for you? Well maybe I could say real quick to kind of just double click as I say what you are saying I mean though early work whether it's a cancer patient or someone dealing with Alzheimer's that early work is so much of relational getting to know the person laying out a sort of safe place for them to fall apart share their fears without being shoached all that stuff so Bridget saying that I just really it's really key and that might take all of the first visit you may ask no questions about the diagnosis it might take five visits before you get to anything that for the reason you're supposedly there all that is to getting to know a person because we know there's some magic and a person being seen bearing witness them getting to express themselves is its own therapeutic value but then as the provider you are you are learning about what makes this person tick what inspires them what turns them off what do where their fears lie etc so you're gathering all this knowledge said that'll help you as you go down the road with them over time to be able to spot the look around the bend a little bit of this person and see what's coming up for that might be coming up for them and then you can sign up to them and say hey remember last time we talked about this or that thing or I know you told me how much this or that thing is source of fear I just want you know I'm not gonna I'm gonna be here with you or you know it just lends a much more specific ability for you to accommodate and accompany this person that's so much of the work is really it's an accompaniment and looking around the corner with someone so I just want to kind of before we move off that into other things that's what I just want that to get really clear what grids points are not casual kind of you're not just stalling for time that is the early lattice of foundation that's the foundation then the person gets to feel seen heard and held and then when that trust is in place a lot of other things become possible so so just to back up I think it's also rated it's not inherent that because somebody saw their parent die of Alzheimer's and they've been diagnosed with Alzheimer's and it's the worst thing that they could imagine it doesn't it's not inherently true that it ends up being the worst thing that they could imagine right they actually we don't tend to it's speaking of massive generalization but we don't tend to anticipate our ability to adapt very well especially when like the worst case thing is happening and you know sometimes having had familiar you know been intimately involved in this worst case thing you kind of surprise yourself or your kids surprise you know there's there's these things that unfold that you wouldn't have guessed would be a part of the experience and I think I really tried a whole space for that right to stay curious about like okay you're very sure that this experience is gonna look like this and together we'll see what it actually looks like and feels like I do you know in this instance like let's say that this person was also married or partnered I'm just so acutely aware of that spousal or care partner experience because potentially and are they part I mean sort interrupt you but are they also a patient like or is there a patient confidentiality thing where you can't really be there to support them because your patient is the spous foundational documents about a care the unit of care is the patient and family so okay so this is a very unique part of medicine then yes in another version we still bump into you know the western autonomy individualistic like the patient is the patient that is not we are not documenting in the chart about their spousal or if we are we're doing it very carefully but you have more of a attitude because you can think of the entire unit of support of that that that that that patient would define in this experience of Alzheimer's like the person whose body that's happening and like the experience of if we don't and if we don't start to get better at this in a major way right like her often experience right uh is central to their well-being is central to how to manage how far into this relationship or you broaching um you know medical decision making power of attorney things like that I mean these are these are and and are those those difficult discussions in that they they they require sort of a cognitive acceptance like I'm actually now putting medical decision making into someone's hands who are not my own because in the future I'm going to lose the capacity to make those decisions I mean how difficult the discussion is that you can really depends on the person right and how how you know have they really truly managed all of those decisions by themselves or they're used to some back and forth or they have a different model that's quite intertwined so um for some people that's really hard to imagine I think in my experience like in the neurologic illness space so often if a patient has someone which not all do that person's coming to visits right because they've been showing signs where they're not remembering or you know they couldn't get to the doctor's office on their own or get the zoom up by themselves etc so they're often presenting with somebody else and there's immediately another person to engage with their experience I mean the number of times spouses, adult children just are immediately brought to tears with the question how is this been for you because no one has asked them not because they didn't want to but usually because they don't have time right then neurologist is mostly there to think about the patient yeah yes yeah this gets complicated all of these things are such tips of icebergs I mean in that unit of care thing even in pad of care and why one reasons why we started metal outside of healthcare is to make good on that promise yes the unit of care is patient family but we always when I was working in the medical system in the cancer center anywhere in the matter like you can't build there's no way to build for the spouse so we'd sneak that family into the side or sometimes have an appointment with them or we would dub tail it in the appointment with the patient so it's yes there is space at least intellectual and emotional space preserve for the family members but very often it's still short-tripped with because the billing is yes so there's a lot to say about that and that's another reason why metal I mean probably 60% of our clients are the family members because there's just no place no one's asking about their experience to bridge this point so what are some questions you're gonna ask that patient as their cognition is declining and things that you need clarity on from them their wishes what do you want to understand well you brought up advanced directives in the dance care planning and so let's just spend a moment on that that's we should all fear 18 in this country you should have an advanced directive yeah and my guess is virtually nobody who's young and healthy has one that's true hey virtually anyone who's older and isn't healthy has one exactly I mean you know we have some questions in studies and also just casually if you give a talk how many people have an advanced directive you know maybe 20% of people raise their hand how many people think advanced directive is really important like most people raise their hands so there's a none of us many of us are not doing the thing we know we're supposed to do we just it's this just deferable thing like life insurance you know anyway so one sort of public service announcement here is advanced directive is very important you can download a form online like this is a free but you don't need a lawyer to do no you do not need a lawyer to do this so um and the most important thing to come out of an advanced directive if you had to pick sort of one of the questions that gets asked it's probably the proxy if God forbid you all the sudden you know an accident or something happens and we can't ask you Peter what kind of care is important to you who do you want speaking on your behalf in such a moment is that and that's probably the demos important question to get clear on and you know why would a young a young healthy person think about that so my first advanced directive I was in my late 20s when I actually finally did it even I been in these conversations for a long time and I one day was imagining you know something unexpected happening not being able to participate in a conversation lying in a hustle of it I was managing my parents who do not speak to each other trying to make decisions over their child and my you know casual partner at the time you know mostly casual partner at the time kind of sitting there trying to figure out how they belonged in the scene I was like I don't want that for them regardless of what happens to me and my body or you know what they actually choose like to actually put myself in the position of the people that those choices would default to yeah like I didn't want that for them I didn't you know if I was at all senty and I definitely didn't want to hear it but I didn't want them in throws of totally unexpected grief to be trying to negotiate that really surely it's an awesome responsibility I I'm very honored to say the number of people that have asked me to be the decision maker for them I can't imagine how many have asked you this BJ but I mean there are more than a dozen friends who have asked me this and I say the same thing to all of them which is it's an honor to do it but we have to sit and talk like it's not you can't hand me that stick and just sign my name on there because I like we're gonna have dinner we're gonna have a bottle of wine we are gonna talk in this through and you need to know how to do this job need to understand what you want and don't want yeah good on you because a lot people don't do that and again the job is not for you to and so I'm not my will yeah exactly the job is for you to honor the other persons which is speak on their behalf so to do that well you have to know the persons wishes and that's not a couple of questions that's a big old conversation and just as you do with the bottle of wine and dinner like that's what we're doing with patience you're setting a table that's comfortable often you're sitting you're asking intimate questions as providers you may be sharing intimate details too as part of a relational set a table for intimate things to happen so I just want to borrow your table setting there that's what we do too it's a important piece of getting to this level of detail so and it's also true like you don't have those conversations once and when a bridge is saying a lot of really important things I want to double click on another thing like that the advanced rective the the conceit is problematic right on the shoots you're asking someone to imagine putting themselves in this future oriented position where they're in a situation that they can't imagine where they can't speak and so what will they want then so it's a problem it's a problem it says best it's is is best as we have you know but it's a problematic tool and as people move through life with illness or disability their realization of what they can or might like to live with shifts you know we have data around this right you ask a bunch of healthcare providers if you were brought in your own emerging department quadriplegic from an accident would you want your colleagues to save your life you know most providers said hell no I could never live like that no go ask most people live with quadriplegia if they're happy to be alive and they said yeah I couldn't have imagined but you know same with me I okay you're going to lock three limbs off you cool that like no yeah but then you you know as it goes in this life we are adapted we have capacities that we don't know until something comes along to pull them out of us so part of this you know mind-bendervative as directives to allow room for that for a person's sense of themselves and their capacity to change in any direction so the all of that is a preamble to say you have these conversations over time multiple times and let the person change over time I think it's also like this is one of those places where you want to focus on the things that are important to you the experiences that are central to good days to meaningful time because you know having counseled a lot of people actually in the acute moments of having to make these decisions being able to reorient them towards like you know what I've heard you say is that your dad was like always in his garden he wanted to be at home like if you could hear your voice that's what and it was important to you blah blah like the ventilator doesn't get us there right that the what are we moving towards is is much more motivating than not doing x y and z not into bathing not resuscitating because those things for most people like exist from scenes from TV shows and are still pretty far away but we can really but it is easier for people to choose like the scene that we're going towards that they can square against how they knew their person so I I sort of I mean there's there are people who are very clear about abnc interventions being something that they would never want and and I certainly honor that maybe I hold it with a little bit of grain of salt but I honor it but I'm more interested in what I have been asked to be in that role to understand you know what what makes this person's life not because it's going to perfectly translate like if I can't dance under the full moon and volley like my life is not enough and you're like okay but what if you could like see the full moon from your bed like is that you know like we we that's that's a really important point where did I never thought of it that way I probably have just always had a bias towards okay what are the things we don't want to do right the where we talk like think about medical lingo DNR DNR no chess pounding no intubation blah blah blah blah but I like this framing better of okay like what are the minimum set of requirements you need to have to be really to just still hold some delight in life and you know what do we need to get you there that those are those are the steps we'll take there's some language around that Peter by the is a movement to change DNR to A&D allow natural debt to get away from the things we're not doing and the things that we're are doing just to make that point in it interesting because that's taking this that has that taken hold yet I don't know that it's taken hold but there's a there is an effort to dry I like that yeah I think you're going to your point it's a really if we have a sense of rolling towards yeah even if we have to be very flexible and allow our mind to change on route that's just a much more viable it's it's much more it's a much more deliberate path and it's also very helpful for those around us to know what to do versus just not to do what are the differences that you have both experienced in dealing with dying cancer patients between those that are quote unquote old and those that are young I mean of all the chronic diseases cancer obviously disproportionately strikes the young you know people in their 40s and 50s don't really have to worry about heart disease and neurologic disease for the most part but they're far from clear of cancer and there's actually an article out recently that even suggests that the incidence of cancer is rising in young people so I'm curious is to what you've learned about about living and dying from through the lens of cancer in the tragic cases which I'm just using this term sort of loosely where everybody agrees the 45 year old dying of cancer is tragic versus the part of life when someone is in their 80s and 90s and dies of cancer hmm well one thing that leads to mind my experience with younger people um I mean you can get very philosophical to say what is an old what is old you know you know and I've seen some kids die duh which I mean that's a whole new level of whole new level of sorrow and senses of tragedy on some level for the parents very very different level of engagement or awareness yes tentally I have but I have and I write and actually the child the kid the young person I have seen some we want to be very careful to not be judging and grading deaths this is why the problem of good death is a really problematic construct but and in terms of something instructive to learn from I've seen some younger people die so beautifully and adapt so remarkably to the reality that they're living it's just stunning why why do you think that is I mean my senses because you know could say because they haven't yet been around on this plan along enough to develop such concrete notions of identity I am BJ I am this I am not that expectation expectations since when do you think that kicks in BJ I think it's a spectrum of develops late teens early 20s I would say something like that is our sense of as we individuate and our identity sort of set up is something relatively independent compared to our earlier years but you know I certainly feel different about myself now than I did when I was 19 but but to your point I think these sort of these these the as we said earlier dying is a natural thing well do it and you know hey you know what's the problem is it's but when the problem is hey that it's really hard and the if there's a problem around dying it's the social pressures or the expectations from ourselves or others that make us feel that this is somehow that we're doing it wrong or that there's something wrong with me for dying etc this is where a lot of the problem comes so a kid and I may just have a much more fluid sense of themselves in the world I think that's a big one they may not have developed haven't seen enough of the planet to attach so firmly to it you know perhaps but those are just can those are guesses but there is a there's a theme and we have a colleague Chris Adrian who's a pediatric pad of care, rocket metal you know he would be interesting to talk to him but that's my experience with younger people it's now it's a very different conversation with their parents so yeah so that's one thing I mean they give space just up as a note like how complicated is because the grief the sort of anticipatory grief of a dying person is very different than the anticipatory grief of the people that will go on to live without them and that's the space that we're trying to negotiate these decisions and make plans right like kind of two very different developmental tasks overlayed right and I think in the experience of children of course this is not universal but in those experiences of children who are sort of clear like I think I'm dying nobody is willing to talk to me about that kind of like looking around for another kind of sober person to engage with them there but that's just kind of an amazing thought just to pause on that for a moment I've never really spent much time thinking about it because I actually didn't spend that much you know in pediatric surgery you saw some children who died but you usually weren't they really want to medical or pediatric service by that point so I don't I don't really understand what the what the what the what the metacognition is of a dying child but so so a 10-year-old child is is who's got cancer let's pick something like that there they're they're they're they're they're aware that something's happening I suppose I'm certainly are deeply yeah more than often sometimes with a more direct shoot to kind of the truth theiness of what's happening then then adults around them including the physicians and clinicians yeah yeah you know it's I think there's an arc for our development or we know a lot of kids yeah we go out in the world and as adults and we take on we try on all these other outfits for size and do the things we're supposed to do and should and stuff and then there's this can be this return to a sort of a playfulness and a lightness within all-age that would have you thinking that our wisdom was never higher than when we were kids we just didn't get seduced into thinking that someone else outside of ourselves new more than we did and started externalizing you know there's we could draw lots of fans of home and around that fluidity with which my three-year-old and six-year-old will you know sometimes they'll wake up me like do you think nanodide last night when are you going to die like they just there is a kind of curiosity that they have without the attachment actually to like the the deep meaning that that we may as adults kind of get into anticipating and then because we're anticipating feeling it right they can kind of just like ask the questions like well you be alive when I die mom well you be old right like they're just trying to figure it they don't get a no way in the same way yeah maybe as a way of putting them into a check yeah no totally it's not comfortable so I want to go back to something you said a second ago you brought up kind of anticipation of loss and death and then the actual event and the loss once that person has gone and obviously those two states exist for the surviving only one of those states exists for the dying they don't really have so tell me about the experience for the person who's going to die what are the things that they express to you as their greatest fears how often is it again pain physical pain how often is it not existing how often is it leaving someone behind and their suffering and then similarly I'm curious as to what the anticipated versus realized experiences of the loved ones I mean I think for for many people there's real fear about the physiologic experience of dying of pain and other symptoms right and I think one of the beautiful parts of our work is in in the nature of people being linked to palliative care hospice care there's some ability to comfort that right that we are here we are watching those symptoms we're working with you so could we say that nobody in the year 2025 needs to actually suffer during death I mean is that it's at two an extreme a statement for example is there a pain that is so deep that it can't be reached by the most potent narcotic is there is there a shortness of breath that is so significant that it can't be offset and palliated by probably an narcotic as well like a if you and sorry good we're going to say yeah well just from that sort of medication medication physiology yeah at that end of the argument or conversation yes to your question I think we can say that no one in 2025 needs to die suffering is long as you include the potential for sedation to be part of that it may take so much narcotic to quail your pain or your shortness of breath yes that we are actively putting you to sleep so if you include what's called palliative sedation then I think that is a true statement yep I think I just want to make a quick note on the use of narcotics in the setting like narcotic is a police term right it's a term of law and voice enforcement and the medicines that are being used in the time are opioids and it's only an important I mean not only it's an important distinguishment because opioids are often one of the central medicines in managing the symptoms related to dying and related to serious illness at a certain point and people for good reason in 2025 and the setting of how opioids exist in our culture are scared right and so you know yeah so it's an interesting I recently to podcast with Sean Mackie who's a pain specialist and we talked a lot about opioids because on the one hand they are a very important part of the tool kit of a pain specialist they would be an even more important part of your tool kit and they have been the most widely abused class of drugs in the history of modern medicine those two statements can be simultaneously true absolutely doesn't detract from the former yes right yes and there's a there is a fair amount of work you know if opioids are being used to manage people's symptoms and was serious illness like we we need to pause and ask the questions of like how do you feel about this medication being prescribed you have experience with it right because everyone comes with some imprint around the meaning of these medicines and if we want to help people use the medicines correctly to get to that place where they might be as comfortable as we're able to get them like we got to peel back the layers on the relationship to the medicines being is that a common phenomenon where people show up with a belief about this and is the belief that it's I mean it sounds like a silly thing to say do people think it's cheating do people think there's some nobility in suffering through death I'm certainly some people some do and not only like some people feel that pain is redemptive right that they don't want their experience blunted or muted or you know that they have such a commitment to a quote natural experience or they have been a person that never took pharmaceutical medicines or drugs anyway that this could be a real diversion from how they've understood or been comfortable in relationship to medicines and and I would say often there's there's a need for conversation in this space and at this point like unless you're living with no access to media everybody has some touch point reaction and bias about about these medicines and so maybe it's not a long conversation but it's a really important conversation and a lot you know people are worried about addiction people who are sober wondering how this impacts their sobriety right there's a super interesting thing I'd never thought about so you take an individual who's been sober yeah and their wondering wait can you really give me a benzo if you give me yeah if you give me fentanyl and morphine is that violating my sobriety how do you answer that question I answer that question usually with more questions around their sobriety what that experience has been like where they are with it now has it been important that there has been sort of absolute abstinence like you know that it exists if from different people questions that sort of there I might put in the camp of identity like do they are they telling you I mean I might say there is no from where I sit Peter there's no nobility and you suffering on necessarily being pain on the necessarily you as a sober person allowing me to prescribe you an opiate at this stage your life to me personally as your physician poses no moral quandary to me at all but what about you you know you're you're the person who's living in these shoes and and if you tell us absolutely no it's absolutely no benzos okay we will listen to you that may mean more pain than then otherwise but that's your call so the bridges point to be back to more questions and not putting it on the pace even though it's not even saying and by the way Bob you can change your mind anytime let's live with this decision today exactly if you wake up or you want to change your mind yeah not to change exactly yeah yeah and but in making it but also I'm in my your bridge I'm always knowing sort of the social clouds around some of these issues I will go out of my way to say we don't you know you're not gonna get addicted to these medicines we're gonna be using them judge judiciously a lot of people in the here get the morphine that's a there's a phrase I hang the morphine sometimes is a euphemism for essentially utilizing impatient and I mean it's not legal to do that anywhere we're not going to kill you you know we're gonna use only as much medicine as it helps your symptoms okay so there's a lot of room to clarify how we will use these medicines what they mean and what they don't mean so even if someone doesn't ask me those things I usually find an excuse to say those kinds of things yeah I think we have to step back to for a second because we're using suffering and pain yeah we're using suffering in a little bit of like a I would say not correct way because someone can have all of their symptoms pretty well managed and feel pretty comfortable physiologically and have an extraordinary amount of suffering so to say in 2025 nobody needs the suffer at the end of life like I think that's impossible pain yeah I think that we can for the most part we can say we will do everything we can to help you be as comfortable as possible like can we say we can do that perfectly no tell me about I mean I guess the outside of the well I think you're drawing one of the things you're saying bridge and I think it's really important is there's a difference between pain and suffering and we need these things those words and we're kind of casually yeah so help me with that a little bit more so pain we understand I think we understand shortness of breath and things of that nature yeah exactly so so let's let's bracket those can all be managed physiologically and we have done so pharmacologically now talk about the residual of suffering how much of this is sadness how much of this is grief how much of this is some yeah tell me more about what the suffering is once you've addressed those receptor bound physiologic things yeah I mean it's one of the reasons why you know precise new on symptom management is so important because it's when the noise and the volume of the pain often is turned down that we get to learn about the stories someone is telling or the things that are replaying in their heads about not getting to see their kids grow up or not getting to finish that piece of work that felt so important to them or the ways in which which they wish they hadn't taken something for granted right when when symptoms are allowed it is really hard to get into the places of suffering that are about in completeness they're about what you what we won't get to do or what we won't get to do with our person or our people there there's a whole sort of pot spiritually existentially around faith and relationship to God potentially or what that is for you and if that has stayed whole in this experience of illness right so there's just so much and like turning the volume down on some of the physical stuff really you know can I open up the space to you're nauseous you're not going to tell me how you're feeling other than the nausea you know only think on I mean it's so much like a lot of misconceptions around our work as we've had it time again one of them is that it's just about symptom management that we're symptomatologists essentially and now that's really importantly wrong it's a sort of hyper reductive and as Bridget saying in some ways the first thing to do is turn down the symptoms to degree possible so that the rest of you is present and that we can get to sort of like that's the starting line it's once we kind of get you comfortable enough so you can think about anything but your pain or your nausea that's when the real work begins of getting to know you and advancing your fears and your hopes and your dreams and that's the stuff that's really the meaty stuff that we want to get to and so comfort is a starting point in a way and just maybe to back up a little bit first so just what do we mean when we say the word suffering I mean I you know for me so pain is a sort of a stimulus you know there's safety to it tells us to stop doing what we're doing there's you know it's a it's a sensation it's complicated the pain pathway is not a simple one there's not a pain pathway and always involves emotion always involves cognitive stuff it just a matter to degree but that degree is so when we tip into something where your pain or other symptoms are causing a sort of a threat to your identity a threat to your sense of self a threat to what you see as real in the world that's when we get into suffering so suffering has a mosaic of physical emotional spiritual existential the whole the whole panoply of the human experience goes into suffering so someone may have an ordinate pain but if they believe that that pain is redemptive it's going to bring them closer to God or it's burning off some bad karma they're not suffering they might be very uncomfortable but they're not suffering it's not threatening their sense of self in the world and someone might have a very what looks to be a mild cause of pain but be suffering extraordinarily because that has undone their sense of being so that's yeah it's a really different notion it's not just the sort of physiological signaling cue does that make sense of it's a tweet yeah so let's not mix those terms or pivot a little bit to talk about how to pull all of this together right you guys have had good luck decades of being at the bedside for experiences that I'm sure you look back upon and think that was that was really a wonderful experience right that was that that that patient passed out of this world and their family escorted them out in the best way I can imagine and I'm sure you have seen the opposite I'm sure you have seen things that made you cry and made you think I weep for all parties involved what are some lessons we can take away from that what are I hate to call it do's and don'ts because that's such a stupid but you know what I mean what are what are some of the things that have in the process will come back and we'll talk about insights that you've learned from the dying because that's where I want to end it today but just from the process of the dying and their loved ones tell me tell me things you've learned that people should know that that that increase the probability of it being as positive as it can be versus the opposite well it's a toughie to toughie as we said the subject just really thwarts any sort of much objectivity or anything that smells reductive and in some ways that's the death that we as practitioners are heading for is something that allows for while we talk about a body or a person in decline that's our medical bias towards a physiology in the bodily it's also very possible that people can have behaving this incredible emotional and social and spiritual growth even as their body is in decline so part of it is our sort of naming and overcoming the biases we're born into in this particular culture in this particular world so and I think but what I want to answer to your question is it's so hard to answer but for me for me it these days the word honesty comes up for me a lot so the bullshit that we tell ourselves the partial truths that we tell ourselves the pieces of ourselves that we don't look at that we don't allow in because we're either ashamed of or whatever it is or blind spots or we've bitten the sort of autonomy in dependencing so much that we don't let any sort of social reflection in you know dying can be is this sort of great accounting it all has it's call coming out in the wash there so one thing that I see make a difference and head towards a do's and don'ts if each of us can take into our perhaps our responsibility but also our privilege to know ourselves over time and to dare to look and to see and to be true to ourselves to my way of thinking if you ask me this question five years ago I probably said some different but that's the bit that's my big takeaway these days as if you want to be ready to die well get real with yourself as soon or the better and because one of the things you'll allow in is a richer life right and one of the reasons why we would encourage people to think about death earlier in life is not just so to avoid the defaults of a medical system that doesn't think about these things but you also allow in the idea that you both your bigness and your smallness like I'm one of a zillion people has ever lived you know I'm a drop in the ocean but also allow in that the ocean would be different without my drop in it like that work of placing yourself in the world and feeling in right size to it all requires a lot of dynamic honesty and that takes effort you need to dare to look at yourself and that to me is sort of a big do if you do that well then the risk like so much of what we talked about today is it's not the problem of dying so much but the difficulties of uncertainty is so much of what we're kind of guarding against or working with not so much death but living with uncertainty and that's a that's something that we all do all the time so my answer to all that is you know get real with yourself and be as honest as you can one moment to the next and allow yourself to move and change with reality that's a mouthful but that's as close as I can come to a do yeah sorry does that and that's actually really a quite a profound one because on the one hand it seems so easy maybe not the right word so self evident but on the other hand it's so difficult and it's something that anybody with a modicum of introspection struggles with yeah and even when you think you got it oh I now I know I am well no it's relational beings whatever's coming tomorrow might yank all sorts of other things out of you that you didn't know or there so this sense of self this identity thing is a biggie I guess this feels connected but the word for me when I think about those like beautiful experiences or the ones that I walk away just feeling like not bad like I'd be okay with that is about connection right so and what does that mean like whether you or the person who's dying like your ability to connect to self to the environment to the people around you if there are there people there if your person around supporting like can you be connected and in contact with what's happening right it it when there's a lot of connection or connectivity in this time like the circumstance is matter but a lot of different circumstances a lot of different storylines can actually feel quite a liveening or even nourishing or validating because it is you know it's being in touch with what is real how many patients are permitted that medically in other words isn't that in part um constraint by their symptoms and the medications that are needed to again either sedate or control pain and then we talked earlier about delirium like I what fraction of of of patients that you experience in the final days and weeks of life have the ability to be in that state such a tricky question but I think many if the state is sort of any level of connection to what's happening right so maybe I'm not talking about like moving towards like totally conscious death or something I'm saying like even in delirious states there can be moments where there's just like real connectivity maybe we don't understand cognitively totally what's happening but your kid is sitting there telling you stories about the things that were important to them in their experience of you or there's some sensation in your hand that's receiving input from your spouse or the light you know like we just don't know that experiences so if we work towards environments and a focus on promoting the idea of connection I guess I just really believe that that translates regardless of mental status or like mental clarity and I think you know you said something earlier that like most people three weeks there's probably delirium I don't know that I think that's true oh yeah I don't or not me yeah I don't think it's most I think days before you maybe days obviously so common but I think I think there's option opportunity for connection the whole time well yeah especially if you include to yourself yeah and to other parts yourself then for sure and especially if also once you include inan objects and a nonhuman things I mean I have some of the most connected experience in my life have been with dogs you know for so once you broaden the scope of what you can connect to I think bridge it's points are really well placed you may have also allow surprise and to feel connection to a perfect stranger has happened to me I felt like my life has been saved by strangers many times one way or another say more just you know I'm just desponding about especially earlier days in these shoes and you know and it's feeling so alone and so in pain or whatever it is or just tired but just a kind of a person walking by just a little bit of eye contact a little wink just say hey I see you you see me just that infinite connect you just say nothing you may be they hold the door open but just just a little connectivity just the realization that it is an illusion to say you're alone um it's a really it can feel very real but none of us is actually alone so as you head towards the cosmos you know you know you are there's room this comes up a psychedelic work there's room to feel connected all sorts of things you can't name but you feel that connection you know so how much of either of you followed the sort of psilocybin work the Roland Griffiths work the end of life stuff and and what is your what is your take on um again not with standing the regulatory challenges of that um what is your take on that literature and it's it's efficacy I think I think anecdotally I have seen psychedelic experiences be incredibly helpful to folks that have kind of run into a place in themselves where they don't have you know they've kind of just hit a wall in their own imagination in their own mind as to what this experiences or what it can be that there's just this kind of opening that can happen um sometimes incredibly subtly that allows for just some you know slightly different insight not generated by the brain that you know so well or the parts of your brain that know so well and I think it can be amazing super helpful I'm really in my own experience and those of people I've worked with you know it's easy start feeling evangelical like this we should just be putting psilocybin out there like it looks in the water you know it's been there and let's be careful I mean I think we're gonna want to learn from reality as we begin to do more of this work in study let's be true to what we learn but on the whole these substances these medicines have been able to achieve you know in a session with a patient what you know months or years of talk therapy other things have been accomplished and you know it's not necessarily about learning something in those experiences can be but Mike's in for my time whether it's more that I get past my thoughts and I get into this embodied felt thing it's not a new it's not an epiphany it's just I feel the power of that epiphany or that idea in my bones and my flesh it's a kind of different kind of knowing which then allows for a super sense of connectivity you can't be disconnected that's just you know you're you are connected and you feel that and the therapy of that also you get to see what a well how silly our minds can be and it doesn't learn that very simple bumper sticker truth have don't believe everything you think and you then you come out of there with a new relationship to how you hold your thoughts and people get to that by other means right through meditation through prayer through deep transcendent communal experiences right so it's it's accessible by way of other avenues you've ever spent a lot of time with people in by definition the final stage of their life what what have you learned what have you learned the changes the way you live your life or the way you want to live your life well I can say something you know there's again huge beautiful question jazz Peter me but one is and maybe this is some really freer audience I think we all would love to you know I think many of us would say we'd love to be fearless and learn to go into our death unifraid or live a life so conscious that we have no regrets I like to kind of just my patience have taught me to kind of undo those strangle holds a little bit it's more the truth that I've learned from folks at the end is more like have a change of relationship to fear your relationship to regret the mark of living with no regrets yeah there might be an an or maybe something for you in that but I I'm not sure how if you're being really honest with yourself how possible that is so it's not necessarily it's it the lesson has something to do with coming around to accepting everything that's in you including the gnarly stuff like regret and fear and even suffering are there certain regrets that people have shared with you more more often than others well invariably or a bit invariably but they all the common thread depending sort whether it's I regret working to my chariote you know didn't spend this I didn't say tell my kids I love them that sort of the standard regret menu what they all seem to have in common is they regret not letting themselves feel or not letting themselves be true to the what they actually felt something got in their shame or something else wedged in themselves and separated themselves from themselves or separated themselves from other people they love and the regret has something to do about artificially or accidentally putting a wedge between you and anything you know like it could be spent a lifetime running from fear but if you watch a lot of people come around to when they finally got the cue that fear was just a natural part of being in a body like they became okay with fear they took away that sort of secondary shaming of fear and then fear became this it was sort of right size to them and it was defamed and I've seen that play out a lot of the same with regret you know so it's I think that the commonality back to your question is something to do with not being quite true to themselves or not allowing a trying to keep something out of their experience and all the work they did and when they kind of realized that it's all got to go anyway kind of welcome even pain just to get to feel anything is kind of wild and magical do people need to be really close to the end to typically come to that near inevitable realization or is that something people are realizing six months out where they can do something about it where they still have all their faculties and they can still you know mend a bridge or mend a relationship yeah absolutely they can happen anytime kids back to kids are doing you know they're coming their own works up they can do that pretty and so yes we can do this we can learn to do this is one another reason why we would invite the subject into our daily lives if you look at your window death and life for happening all the time you see it on your windshield you see it's like this is it's all over the place if you can sort of really be aware let these messages in then you can let the lessons in too towards reconciliation or why hold a grudge why be on any why would you ever cause suffering in another person knowingly or in yourself included etc so yeah and Buddhism was sort of a lot sort of founded around this question and to give you a life of practice around meditation how do you hold your mind so that you don't suffer unnecessarily so that you can be okay with the fact of your death so yeah there are bodies of thought and just your own personal experience of living daily life if you let it in you can gain these lessons anytime along the way of life yeah I mean I thought I don't you know if I think about my own learning like you you can't I don't think really hang out in this space a lot and not really wrestle with the reality that we don't know when we're going to die which means that this is my life I mean I think that's I've got too young kids so regular I'm kind of like okay this is my life just as like a management strategy but I think there's also like a a a tethered the reality that like this moment is what I have right it is not it may start to sound trait but it is not tomorrow is not promised to me ten years is not promised to me and if thought is true can I use that as this reminder that like this moment the way that I speak to you being tender when I do things out of my value system right staying really connected to now right is the invitation that comes from or comes next to our has come for me in being so aware of mortality right and that you do not have to be sick you do not have to be facing that in your life no one in your life has to be dying right now to be really to just take pause me like this is my life this moment and then the next do I remember that all the time absolutely not but it is a very available reminder practice yeah I stay intentionally stay connected to it I intentionally make it something my kids can be connected to because it's an arguable right we can we can have three different takes on everything that we've said today but it is an arguable that we are always living in the reality that we don't know when we're going to die yeah amen sister and I think that's that's a good back to sort of the do's and don'ts do have a relationship with all with mystery with not knowing you know do have a relationship with the present moment you know those are some pretty good do's I don't want to what I'm saying is not like light or easy it doesn't make me not afraid it doesn't make me you know not I feel very aware of how much I want to be alive and how long I hope my life is and also humbled by the fact that like what I have influence over and control over really in arguably is right now now you're not being ashamed of your fear and that's a difference I think a lot of people would be afraid and then what they're really experiencing is the shame of being fearful I'm very terrified every time I get on the plane yeah so and I think also sort of debatailing to is this word control comes up yeah it's a big one and I think in terms of if we're you know remotely dispense any advice you know it would be the frenety prayer it comes up a lot one way another I think a lot of your listeners will know this essentially sort of the ability to discern what you can control and focus some efforts there and let go of all the things you can't control and maybe in the middle identify that even though there are some huge things we can't control there is a lot we can influence right and that those are different and that there's like kind of a spets spectrum between control influence and like you know surrender and how do we build our flexibility well and how do you learn to sit with I think that message of the frenety prayer often I hear people myself included in the past but some friends take that that wisdom of that message and say okay I'm just gonna focus my attention on what I can control so I'm saying like I'm and then they have a lifetime of sort of focusing their line of sight in one direction I think what we let go of is the other half of that message which is not I don't give it shit about it because you can't control it like learn sit with all that you can't control practice not being in control that will serve you very well as you had to your death what what about the role of forgiveness how often do you encounter the dying who are wrestling with needing the forgiveness of someone or needing to forgive someone it's a big theme it's written about a fair amount that I love you know the things to kind of focus on I'm saying out loud I love you as I forgive you please forgive me these are thank you these are and there's you know these are tried and true messages that seem to cut a cross culture and stand up pretty well but so back to your specific question about forgiveness I don't know how to often I guess I would say more commonly what I see people needing to learn how to do is forgive themselves is probably if you know picking something in sort of common that one comes I see that a lot how does it present and how do you encounter it being at odds with themselves you know when there is no buggy man there is no they're just not comfortable with themselves they're at odds with themselves self-loathing self-critical even in the final weeks of life so if they've had enough so you know we have a bias there's a bias all the people we've seen have had the benefit of hospice and bad of care and so they've been loved on they've been heard they've been you know so there's an inborn bias to our experiences I don't know if I have like a good answer about the forgiveness piece I think I think it comes up I don't know that I think it comes up a lot a lot yeah again I think that might be the bias of people that you've spent time with over time those things have gotten to they're not a death there's no need for a death bed I mean there's not a lot of trueisms in this space that I generally vibe with and I'm pretty allergic to most of them but I will say that I do think there's kind of something to like people die the way that they live right like for most people those who lived in love die surrounded by love kind of thing yeah that or like if you had a lot of people around you maybe there's gonna be more people around you if you a person that dug into your life and really investigated your mind and you did that really easily and you shared your reflections and like that's also more likely to happen when you're dying right so if there's an experience you would like to happen if you're imagining into the future you're like I think dying in this way would be okay or more tolerable or nice or beautiful start doing it now like you want to forget like you're worried about forgiveness like investigate that now right you want to feel more connected how do you do that you want to be in your body more how do you do that right like that's the best way to get there at the end is that you're building those muscles now I mean some people do one-eighties with with a big diagnosis or the awareness that they're dying but mostly we lean on the places that we have hyper developed right because they're comforting because they're familiar in the face of this kind of vast thing I mean that might be the single most important insight of them all which is we die how we lived and we will what's the expression we we we rise to the level of our training it's really good effect right and it's in sports we talk about that right at fatigue you rise to level of your training and so we will we will default to our regular strategies the strategies that got us through life are probably the strategies that will get us through death and so what we should all be doing is imagining the death we want and begin practicing that at life and make that our scaffolding today. I think that about as good as advice as I can imagine is especially if you feel in the caveat that long the way I learn to deal with things when they don't go as planned you know again so like so that you don't have this sense of failure at the end I mean one of the saddest things I think we see as people who feel like they're failing at dying so no one to set it up as an accomplishment per se or an achievement per say but your advice that sounds really good to me. Right like we can't control for the outcome with certainty but we can build the muscles and the capacities that that are most likely going there are going to help us land in that place you know if you're a person who builds new coping skills or new ways of being in like high stress adversity like you'll probably do that then right yeah that's sorry it feels like a throwaway line when do we begin dying I mean you don't become a different person when you're dying you're still gonna be Peter you're going to be a bridge I'm gonna be a and that you know so it has already begun that active dying we never finished answering that question what goes in that like the final day or two when the body's really shutting down so active dying has its own kind of frame and we can revisit that any old time but everything up to that is some form of living so you can begin practicing this dying thing today well let's talk about that that final thing what is that what is that last 24 to 48 hours look like so the phrase we use is active dying to distinguish it from the rest of living dying and a body is you know is actively shutting down so system by system you know you'll stop your kidneys or shut down you're not making as much urine in part because you stop drinking probably a few days because days ago because your body couldn't handle the fluids so and thanks to kidney shutting down you get a buildup of toxic metabolites and get a little intoxicated little dreamy little that may be the course so that may be the the mechanism of your delirium so you're not eating you're not drinking as a general rule you're probably a little fuzzy and you're or entirely asleep breathing so the some of the two biggies those can happen anywhere along the way but the ones that tell you you're really close or when you have modeling of the skin this sort of lazy blueish experience where your body's just not moving blood effectively and you'll see skin changes and especially the extremities and breathing patterns change oftentimes you get apnea so long periods of no breath at all you often hear something that's sort of like a frightful phrase but the death rattle so which often is sort of a a gargling sound with breathing that's just because your oral pharynx is no longer the reflexes are dying out so you're no longer moving fluids as they pull in the back ear throat which is an important note there if your if your reflexes are no longer functioning you're not likely feeling it so a death rattle sounds pretty gnarly but it's generally probably harder for the audience in the person dying but those are the things that you that are typically experience in a body that's actively dying and that's only gonna last a matter of days at most hours to do a day or two I think the other thing that's happening is the experience for the people around that person right and there's so much to say in that space but I do think having you know counsel a lot of people there is there's a feeling of preciousness right we don't know when that last breath is going to come we you know maybe we really want to be there maybe we feel like we can't but often for someone watching and waiting it can be really hard to stay connected to our own experience so like people won't get up and go to the bathroom because they don't want to miss that moment they won't eat they don't eat maybe their appetite is low anyways which you know is fine but it is a time to be thinking about really basic needs and basic comforts for everyone in the space because that influences the space and the environment for for all and most people feel like this is the dying person's experience this is like all of the focuses there we're watching every respiration we're even matching the breathing we're creating anxiety in our own bodies because of that and if we can invite attention to everyone's experience and give permission to like you need to take a walk or take a walk it may mean that they die when you're not in the room and maybe that's okay maybe they die in the one minute you're going to the bathroom for the first time in six hours like it may just be that way that's a really really important point sort of like once you understand delirium and you can contextualize what you're hearing from a loved one that point rigid so it's pointy to as such an important one a lot of loving families keep these vigils and don't sleep don't do anything so that they can be there for the death thinking that that's the most that's the highest point to be there when someone dies is in that exact moment when they take their last breath and so it's a bridge it's point this is a lived experience for everyone so you gotta keep doing yet to sleep yes and it just I don't think any of us could tell you why this is but it is just a thing you talked to anyone who worked in hospice for a while it seems to be that a lot of people need to be alone for the final their final moments on the planet to really let go and so it's almost it's like I can't tell you why but it is a thing so you going to the bathroom or taking a walk or something and then the exactly the thing that that person needs to finally let go so the messages don't leave and therefore the person will never let go you're just potentially can make it harder and harder for that person to actually finally let go so go to the bathroom take a walk kiss the person goodbye on drink some water and know that not only they may they may be gone when you come back but that may be exactly what they needed to finally let go it's a hard one or family's to take in but it's just a thing well guys thank you very much for this discussion today very very very very very very difficult discussion not one we want to have I imagine for you guys that's pretty common you go to parties nobody wants to ask you what you guys do for the heck out of great story that the girls are holding yeah yeah it's yeah so but given how much of our time on this planet we spend heading towards the inevitability the one thing we will all be 100% successful at it's certainly more in the discussion yeah and more yeah and multiple discussions as we pointed out it's slippery it's huge and it's just I'm sorry to not it's it's a windy inherently messy conversation so it's not just us struggling to articulate something as much as we are articulating the messy this didn't complexity of something yeah well thank you guys thank you thank you beater