What do we think is actually causing aging? Can we stop aging? Can we reverse aging? Maybe the most important question in biology. All of the interventions that extend lifespan reduce chronic inflammation. But if we fundamentally want to get to a point where maximal human lifespan is changed and health span is fundamentally altered, we have to bend the slope of that line. Yeah. What is the probability in your mind that Rapa Mison is doing that? We're doing a study like this in Singapore on humans. Okay. Six months intervention with Rapa Mison. I'd like to just quit my job and do nothing other than these experiments. Did you guys do a study on your relief in A as well? We haven't published it yet, but I am happy to talk a little bit about it. We don't have human data, but the mouth state is really good on your relief in A. I think a lot of these supplements are impacting exercise. And so it's kind of a win-win. There's so many ways to just help a person find another five years of life and dramatically improve health span. Do you think that immortality is impossible? Hey everyone, welcome to the drive podcast. I'm your host, Peter Atia. Brian, thank you so much for being here. You might actually hold the record for longest journey taken to come to this podcast. In fact, I don't know if anybody could travel a greater distance than from Singapore to come out here. So thank you very much. It's my pleasure to be here. And I don't think you can get further from here from Singapore. So let's tell folks a little bit about how you wound up in Singapore. I guess just I'll speed things through a bit, but by way of background, obviously, you used to run an institute called the Buck Institute. Tell folks a little bit about what the buck is and what you did there. Yeah, it's a fascinating institute because it was really the first institute solely devoted to understanding aging and longevity. And it started in around 2000 with some money that was donated by a woman who died in Marin County, North of San Francisco. And I was the second CEO there in 2010. There about 20 faculty at the time all devoted to either aging or aspects of aging, very basic science. And as you can imagine, in the 2000s and around 2010, that was a significant component of the aging research field. It was still a very small field. And so the goal was really to help that institute grow. And it was tough times in the 2010s because the funding levels were low. And it was right before the real interest in aging in longevity happened around 2017, 2018. So we were really struggling to keep the doors open. And I think the buck's doing a lot better now. And as well as the rest of the aging field. At the time that you were there, how much of the funding came from NIH and how much came from either donations or industry? Yeah, it was very heavily oriented to NIH. And our goal was to get more industry funding. We started seven companies when I was there. Some of which are still hanging around. And also really tried to wrap up the philanthropy. But in a philanthropy for aging, wasn't really happening until around 2017, 2018 when people started really getting the idea that you could slow aging and prevent all these diseases and stay healthy and functional. And so that revolution happened around that time. The faculty there are, it's quite the star-studded cast, right? I mean, Eric burdens there. Judith MPs, he was there until she passed away. Yeah, that's an opportunity. So I mean, you really had a collection of people doing great work, right? Yeah, well Eric came after I left. He took over as an ex-ceo. But yeah, Judy was there, Henry Jasper. He's gone on the gin and tech. But Gordon, let's go on a bunch of other people working on aging. So it was a good group of people for sure. What do you think led to this interest that you've alluded to in 2017, 2018, in this idea of, you know, well, you describe it as you see fit. But something happened in 2017, 2018 that's brought a lot more interest into the field. However, one describes it. I think you just reach an inflection point. It's really hard to know what triggers it. Calico started a few years before that. We're Google's alphabet companies that was focused on longevity. They've not been very open about what they're doing. But it triggered a lot of publicity for the longevity field. It got Silicon Valley interested. And I think that I've been mattening. I use this slide that you have aging, pointing to all these different diseases. We started using that slide around 2005. And we were making the point around healthspend shortly afterwards. And really this idea of preventing disease and keeping people healthy interacting earlier. And I don't know. I'm so sick of that slide. I can't look at it anymore. But it's finally, and we weren't the only ones doing it. But I think there were a few of us doing it. And it really, finally, I think helped trigger a movement hopefully. Do you think the field would have, and these are dumb questions, as I realize as I'm asking it, but do you think the field would have accelerated sooner had it not been for some notable setbacks? For example, I don't remember exactly when GSK bought RISMera Troll. But I believe it was around 2006, 2007. It was clear to me, I think, by about 2010, that was not going to work. And I think it was probably clear to GSK around that time as well. I think. Yeah, it may be sooner. So do you think that that type of hype with nothing to show for it was a kind of a negative force in that equation? And maybe this, you know, in flexion point, could have happened sooner. I e-juring your earlier tenure there, could have been easier to have raised funds if there had been less of those examples. I think it's hard to know. I mean, it's unfortunate. I'm what happened. I mean, in one way, the investors made money off of that deal. And so, you know, in that sense, it was a success, but what was developed was not going to go anywhere, and that's unfortunate. I think that it probably slowed things down a little bit. Yeah. And I think because there's always this doubt about whether you can slow the aging process. And so when you have a major, you know, effort that's triggered around trying to do that, even though they ended up focusing on disease. And we can talk about the struggles of longevity biotic companies in that way. But when something like that, you know, fails, it probably does slow down other investor interest. Today, you're, um, insting a poor, tell me what you're doing there. So, you know, I kind of have one foot in academics and one foot in the private sector of these days. And the academic side were really focused on targeting aging. And, you know, and that comes back to what I alluded to at the biotech companies a minute ago. A lot of them are targeting aging pathways. But to raise money and get their drugs tested, they have to turn to some disease indication, which is understandable. And companies I'm involved with do that too. But, um, that's not what we really want to do. What we really want to do is slow the aging process and keep you from getting sick. And so, in an academic setting, we can test that clinically. So we basically have a whole range of animal models, a pipeline from yeast worms, flies, killyfish mice and humans. And we, you know, billion years of evolution there. Yeah. We bring interventions in and at the right place, validate them, really believing the idea that if it works across different model organisms, it's more likely to work in humans. And then we design human clinical intervention studies to validate that they're targeting the aging process. I don't think anybody knows exactly how to do that yet, including us, but we're doing our best and learning as we go. How is it funded the Institute, you're at? Yeah, mostly through the University and the government and Singapore, but we also have some philanthropy and we do contract sponsored research to test interventions from companies as well sometimes. How many PIs are there? So I run a program that has about 35 PIs in it. But a lot of them are doing other things. They're not all focused on that one concept. I just told you they have their projects around Alzheimer's disease or we just have this guy. Michael Cheese working on sleep and aging, which is so understudied, you know. And so it's kind of like an academic department, you know, people have their own projects. They're focusing on. Is there any department in the at a US university that brings together as many people that are focused on specifics of aging this way? Yeah, I don't think so. I'll, although I would say it depends on how you define aging. Yeah, if you branch it out to cancer. Yeah, yeah, then definitely, but I'm not sure if it's this focused on actual aging process. So let's kind of start with a question that I think will end up coming back to because it's so fundamental. I enjoy, you know, I enjoy going down the rabbit hole of fundamental questions in physics. Sounds good. And we're not going to do that. But I think the fundamental questions in biology, I think some of them center around aging. And so what do we think is actually causing aging? Okay, so I'm going to foreshare the physics since you asked that. Because we just had the first ever international conference on gyrophysics and Singapore. And it, I was one of the organizers and the reason I got behind it is the very question you just asked, you know, we've been debating what aging is for the longest time. And I think we would argue for two hours in some conference room somewhere in the world. And at the end of it, we would come up with the definition. Shit happens in the new talk. You know, it's really just, it's frustrating. I don't even want to talk about it now. And you know, Vadim Glattishov has been on like an evangelical rant about how do we define aging? We know how to define it. He asked that question in every conference. And I think it's a fair question. And we all throw our hands up in the air. And so the idea was we have a lot of data now. We're a lot of human data. And aging researchers are beginning to try to model that data. But they're not modelers. You know, I think most aging myologists are at least myself. If I have a skill, it's intuition. It's not writing equations and code, you know. And but the physics people, the theoretical physicists, and especially, they know how to model things. And they model things based on physical principles that are proven. Right. And so we've been trying to bring these groups together. And because I believe maybe the only answer to your question is that we have to write in an equation. And so early days on that, but I'm excited about where that's going. And do you think that these will be explainable through equations or do you think that this exceeds our level of intelligence to understand? And it's really going to be up to a black box that contains a neural network to understand this. And maybe we take a step back, actually. So for the listeners, they've heard us on this podcast talk about quote unquote hallmarks of aging. Maybe explain to people what the hallmarks of aging are, which I don't mean like list them all. But the content set up them. Yeah, I don't want to put you on the spot for that. But the idea that has been proposed is that there are hallmarks of aging. And why is stating those not the same as answering the question that you mean to me and everybody else struggling with? Well, this is kind of an existential crisis with me because the hallmarks of aging came on in 2014 or 2013. And then I wrote another paper right after that, called the Pillars of aging, which is kind of the poor stepchild of the hallmarks of aging. And that was because there was an NIH conference. And there were seven topics discussed in the ASPENA writer review on calling them the Pillars of Aging. So I did. But even in that review, I had the seven Pillars of Aging. But I connected them all with lines because I don't really think that these hallmarks and Pillars, which are like the pathways in the cell that are thought to be driving the aging process, inflammation, you know, epigenetic changes, these kinds of things. They're all interesting to aging and you can modify them or they get modified if you slow the aging process. But what strikes me is how entrained everything is. So if you take an intervention like Rapa Mai said that slows aging, it can impact all of the hallmarks. And so I don't really, I think those are like outputs or ways you can look at aging, but nobody is really just targeted. The idea that you can target each hallmark and then you'll live to live forever is not going to work because it's really the network that connects the hallmarks together. And to me, aging is a healthy aging is about maintaining homeostasis. It's about, you know, maintaining a responsive network and your body that sort of keep you an equilibrium responds to the events that are happening during aging, the stochastic events, the damage that's happening and it keeps you functional. And that network is highly malleable. You can influence that network by drugs or behavior. And if you do, you can drive benefit from it and you can read it out as an improvement of all the hallmarks. It's not like one thing of exercise effects only this hallmark. So I think it's, the hallmarks was good because it drove interest in the field as part of the reason a lot of investment came in the biotech sector. But it also is misleading because I think the idea that aging is 12 different things and you just need to fix all 12 of them is completely wrong. It's really about, you're body knows how to function in a healthy way. It's about trying to maintain that and maybe improve upon it. Do you look at the hallmarks, which I believe have been modified since the original paper and a few others have been added? Do you see an a rank order or a seniority of them in terms of causality? So for example, one of the hallmarks is mitochondrial dysfunction. Yeah. Now one could say that mitochondrial dysfunction occurs independent of another hallmark of aging, which you've listed epigenetic change. Alternatively, you could say actually it's the epigenetic change that occurs stochastically and that that is driving mitochondrial dysfunction. And if you reverse the epigenetic change to the previous epigenetic layout, you will correct the mitochondrial dysfunction. How do you think about the interconnectedness through the lens of causality? Yeah, I think the primacy issues of major one. I like the idea that mitochondrial might have been one of the primary drivers. Also, every time we do an experiment, we keep coming back to inflammation, all of the interventions that extend lifespan reduce chronic inflammation, or almost all of them. And then every time we create a new biologic aging clock, which we're doing a lot of now in my lab, you know, and we do principal components and figure out what the main driver is, it's always related to inflammation. And so I think there's something, it may not be inflammation, maybe a response, but it's so central that a lot of the interventions, I think, are working by dampening inflammation. But to your point, inflammation could easily be a readout state. Yeah, yeah, but it's certainly when you modify, I think when you modify, you get an outcome. You know, so it's not just an endpoint that you look at. How are you measuring inflammation and maybe walk me through how you're doing it in different model systems? So are you studying inflammation in yeast? Not so much in yeast, but you can study innate inflammation in worms and flies, because those pathways, the root of entry elements of those pathways are there. And then in mice, you have both a native and adoptive immunity that you can study. And so we look at inflammatory cytokine panels and a range of other things, and various tissues to see how that's changing over time and how interventions impact that. And we do that in humans to an our clinical stuff. And so what do you believe is the hallmark of maladaptive inflammation? Would you think that the hallmark of that is based on immune function? IE deteriorated immune function and or over aggressive immune function? Or do you think, no, the hallmark of that could simply be found in a cytokine profile that is not typical? I mean, this is maybe more of a technical question, but it's going to become interesting as we move our way into humans. Yeah, well, I think it's central to M2R. One of the things we were one of the earliest people to publish was that what's happening during aging is that baseline levels of M2R are creeping up. You can't turn the pathway off. And I think most of the interventions, certain toens M2R inflammation, it's not about doing anything super-physiologic with the interventions. It's about restoring the dynamic range that you had when you were youthful. And M2R is a great example of that. I'll bring it back to inflammation. You need M2R on when you wound your skin or you get an infection or you have a big meal in your liver, but you need it off the rest of the time. And when you're young, you're very good at maintaining that dynamic range. But what's happening with aging, at least in stem cells is that the baseline levels of M2R creeping up. People in this podcast are pretty familiar with M2R. We've had David Sabotini on any times Matt Cabernet as well. But I just want to make sure that for anybody who's here, who's either new or forgot, let's take a step back. M2R is so important to this discussion. Let's go back as far as we need to and explain M2R. Okay. Then talk about complex one, talk about complex two, talk about how one impacts the other. We're obviously going to talk about rap and mice in in that context. But take as much time as you need to make sure listeners really understand why M2R is so central across all of life that we've never known. Well, so our entry into the M2R pathway was in yeast. This is Matt Cabernet in I. And so we were screening the yeast deletion set. It's a set of strains which each gene is deleted. And looking for how many genes, by the way, in your youth? They're about 5,000. And then some of those are essential. So you can't screen those if you knock them out the yeast or dead. But about 70% of them, the yeast are still viable. And so we were trying to find ones where when you knock out a gene that the yeast lived longer. Surprisingly, there were like 300 genes that met that description. And that one thing I learned from that is that extending lifespan, at least in a simple organism like yeast, and there's also data in worms, is much easier. And anybody would have ever expected. And we can talk about that. But that's still a pretty cool tour to force in the 90s, right? You guys were doing this in the early 90s. We did the serto and stuff in the 90s. We did the full genomes screen in the 2000s. And that was in Seattle with Matt and so. But yeah, it was a lot of work. And we did it brute force. We had people sitting at microscopes dissecting yeast all the time. And I think there are 80 some authors on that paper, you know, for a yeast paper that might have been a record. But anyway, one of the main things we hit was the amtor pathway. And downstream of it is protein translation. We hit a lot of things in protein translation. And amtor is a nutrient responsive kinase. So it responds to the levels of carbohydrates and also amino acids that the cell encounters. And so that fit into the calorie restriction data, which I'm sure you've talked about that reducing calories can extend lifespan. So it seemed like it was going to be very central from the beginning in modifying aging. And I think that's proven true. Turning down amtor signaling across a wide range of species extends lifespan. I think the data in humans is also pretty. It's not fully validated, but I think that if you alter amtor signaling in the right way, you can probably slow age in humans too. Now, why is it then that the first human brush with amtor modulation shows up in the form of immune suppression? Yeah. So I think that's a bit unfortunate in a way, you know. So this wrap up my son is discovered on Easter Island and you've probably gone through the whole story of this. I feel like I'm overdue for a retell of it. But yes, yeah. It's one of my favorite. It's I'm a top five stories in science. That's pretty amazing actually. And I think I read you. Yeah, I read it. I read it. Yeah, I read it. I read it. I read it. I read it. I read it. I read it. I read it. I read it. I read it. I read it. I read it. I read it. I read it. I read it. I read it. I read it. I read it. I read it. I didn't even. I haven't even been there. I've been pressed. I think we're going to go back. I'm 2016. I'm 2016. So yeah. Yeah. But you know, this drug was, you know, had the ability to kill bacterial cells that was bacterial cytole, you know, they start with and then they discovered had impacts on human cells. And but the almost got thrown away and then gets restored and it makes a new life as an immune suppressor. And certainly if you use it at high enough doses and you really dampen the ability to activate tour, you can, you can impair the immune system. And especially if you combine it with cyclospor or some other anti-inflammatory or immune suppressor, then it's used for, you know, after Oregon transplant in those contexts. And do you think that it's that necessary combination with one to two other immune suppressants that allows it to shine? And I'm actually not aware of literature that looked at a rap immune or rap amicin in isolation as a as a as a potential treatment for Oregon transplant patients. I'm not either at high enough doses that may have that impact but I think the side effect profile would be too extreme by combining it with other drugs at lower doses. I think you're going to bigger effect. But I think the main thing for aging is that it's not immune suppressant. I think at the levels that people are taking it for longevity, which is once a week let the trough levels come down. And I don't think we're seeing immune suppression in that context at least not above background. So yeah and do you, what do you think of the the the window we got into this idea of immune modulation and maybe immune enhancement with that type of a dosing regimen vis-a-vis the the paper that John Manicon Lloyd Clikstein published about 12 years ago? Yeah I like those papers. I think there's definitely a nugget of truth in there and I think it can protect from respiratory infections if used correctly. So I still think rap amicin is the gold standard for a small molecule impact enaging. At the end of the day it may not be the best but right now I think the evidence is still the best. And I think coming back to the earlier thought when you have him to our creepy not when it shouldn't be that's driving chronic inflammation and then chronic inflammation is continuing to drive him to our so it's this feed forward circle of disruption that that that connects this nutrient pathway to inflammatory signaling. So I think that's one of the earliest events that's happening. So let's go back to something you said a second ago which is absent the equations biologists have to rely on their intuition. Yeah and so if we believe in the primacy of that deterioration that homeostatic deterioration that you just described what is driving it? Is this entropy? What is it that is changing? Well you know, entropy has been used often on ever since I started in the aging field. You know it's just a lazy term we use because we don't have something better to say. No but I think it's I think there's a nugget of truth in that and and I think ultimately and and I think that you know I work with Peter Fedach of it, Gerald and I think he's probably the deepest thinker in the aging field in terms of understanding this process of aging at a mathematical level. My only role in working with him is I had a I was a math major. Fortunately I didn't try to pursue that but I survived enough to get a math degree in college and so I'm kind of his whisper translator. I take what he says and try to help him reframe it in a way that the rest of the world can understand. He really thinks about things deeply and I think his view on it is that really what we're talking about is resilience. You know you can imagine you know if I'm an image you could imagine that you know when you're young you're living in this deep valley you know and you do all kinds of crazy things you get to much fast food you get sick you know and you diverge off the the bottom of the valley that lowest activation energy and you're biologically you look older but you're in a deep valley you keep getting pulled back to health and so almost no matter what you do at least in the short term you're coming back into health but if there are hills you can go over into what you would call failure states which could be chronic diseases or could be some major functional decline and that doesn't happen when you're young because it's a very steep hill but these hills are coming down as you get older and so when you diverge off the healthy state it's harder to get you back and occasionally you go over the side and then you're you know in a kind of a frailty mode once you have the later stage disease so the question is how to mathematically model that and it's you know it's more of a dynamic systems type of modeling and and when you look at the large data and I'm getting to the point where you're going to understand why why I need the physicist but when you look at the large data it it almost looks like there's a linear accumulation of damage and and so what we're doing now is we're trying to measure biologic gauge from large data sets like UK biobank and then we're breaking it down into principal components and when you do that a lot of the principal components don't track with aging they track with sex or smoking or something else the ones that track with aging usually there are a couple of them one of them is the primary driver and it's kind of going up linearly and that looks like damage and that that's probably the main driver of aging I don't it doesn't have to be damaged it could be stochastic events it could be subtle changes but when you say damage do you mean like what damage happens why I'm a guy trying to back off a bit because we don't it it may be a cluster of different types of damage it may be still casticity and not really defined as damage subtle changes here and there that each on their own have tiny little impacts but when they start to add up they they put stress on this network and eventually it starts to break down and so that looks linear and the problem is that mortality looks exponential and so if you model it into a mathematical equation that talks about these values going down that's a linear change but the chance the ball's going to go over the hill is an exponential change and so what I like about it is you can fit human data into an equation that this compatible with gumperts equations and exponential increase in mortality so I think it's on the right track I mean there's probably a lot of changes there's also another component usually in these biologic aging clocks that's age related and it's kind of oscillating and it sort of oscillates around that first component going up and I think that's why you see these methylation clocks are going up and down and changing and everything and I think of that component is how well you're functioning at the damage state you're at so you have all these events that are going bad and that's defining sort of your age maybe it says you're 50 but then you can be somewhere between 40 and 60 depending on you know how well your behavioral patterns what supplements or drugs you might be taking and those things are going up and down so that's why when you get sick you look older and then you get better you come back down you had that first driver's not changing it's the second one that's oscillating and most of the interventions seem to affect the second one which suggests that what we're doing right now is I'm going to say this and then I'm going to qualify it it suggests that what we're doing right now is sort of working around the edges you know we're we're doing things that may have five or ten years impact on health span which by the way is a revolution if that's successful I'm not I think that's a major breakthrough in medicine if we can give everybody five or ten years of extra health span but that these things may not impact maximum life spending humans and they may not get us to 150 or 200 in the kinds of ways to get there maybe a totally different kinds of intervention so we're thinking about that a lot with Peter right now and you know I translated my research and that translated as a matter my switch by research into translation about 10 years ago because I was like I don't want to be retired in 80 on a porch somewhere and not have any impact on humans but now I'm starting to think back a little bit to basic science because I'm starting to think that the interventions that we need to develop if we really want to have the big changes are not being done yet and we have to go back to some discovery science to do that so Brian there's a lot you said there that's really interesting and I'd like to unpack it both for myself and for the listener the first thing you said I want that I actually am not sure I understand is we have a linear process of we're going to use the word damage loosely and that over time that is increasing monotonically and linearly and not alterably no exactly superimposed on that so so we have you know damage occurring this way superimposed on that we have sort of cyclic episodic volatile change that probably explains a lot of the difference between 250 year olds that you might see you might see a 50 year old they look great you see a 50 year old they look like they're 75 right why and you or you might see it even within an individual you know boy at 50 I looked horrible but I got my act together and by 55 I've actually looked like I did you know 10 years center okay so that's this superimposed curve yeah and you're saying look everything we're doing from a translational perspective all the stuff Peter talks about by the way like wrote a whole book on this topic is how do you impact the oscillation yeah right well if you sleep this way if you exercise this way if you eat this way if you take this supplement this drug manage all of these factors you are absolutely going to put yourself on the better wave here right but you are not impacting this guy that's what I'm afraid is happening yeah but then you said something a moment ago that I just want to make sure I understand is your explanation for why aging follows a gump hurts curve as opposed to a linear curve is that all due to the the superimposed wave that goes on top of the linear curve or was there another reason that aging follows exponential gump hurts long now I think I had conflated too I'd hiss it once okay so let me let me associate that you've decide you've described the wave better than I do so we'll leave that but I think that you're right we're trying to get it's it's almost like we're trying to get to the best state we can be at for the damage state we're in that's right by the way I have never thought of it that way Brian I love that description and it's actually what I say to my patients because I get people that come to me and they say Peter you know I really want to live to 150 I'm told you're the guy and I say actually I'm not the guy yeah I don't believe it's possible what I believe is possible is seven to ten more years of infinitely higher quality life and if that's not what you want if you want something that is far in excess of that you're going to have to go to somebody who's got proof that they can do different yeah and I don't think there is any proof right I obviously don't think there is either but I do leave the idea open that it could be possible I think it may be feasible to do that but I don't think anything it's just I don't see any evidence that anything is coming in yeah yeah I'm a translationly I give you know I think the linear to exponential is the idea of the hills right so you've got a ball if you do it a two to mention you've got a curve that looks like this and you've got a ball here right and the damage is causing the the thing to come down and so the chance is the ball going over is actually now a good initial yep yep yep yep so even if you have a linear reduction in a height of the hills yeah the activation energy will increase the possibility of exponentially over the curve and by the way just trying to think through why that's the case is that the case because of is it a v squared problem and getting over the hill if we were to model it out as actual balls yeah I have a graph I I have a model of a movie that really helps people that are not mathematicians I think both of us have some understanding the math but a lot of people don't and I think that yeah it's something like that I think also it explains very well why you know treating disease doesn't work because you have 50 failure states you can go into it and each person based on their genetics and their life's value the hill to go over that failure state maybe a little bit different sometimes persons not going to go over this one but there's a chance you're going to go over a lot of different failures right and if you block one of them say you treat diabetes or something it you're still going to go over the other ones right yeah so you have the only way to really slow aging is to keep the hill higher yeah so no that's that's again that's that's both a beautiful model a mental model for how to think about it and yet still equally infuriating because I don't know why the walls are coming down yeah right why are the hills coming down what is the fundamental reason what's the particle reason I think the wall height coming down I think the hills are resilience right but even but even still why is it why is it really nobody understands yeah exactly I think that all right I'll give you a sort of half baked answer because it's all I can give you I think that the what's happening is this damage is impacting this network that's keeping you healthy this home aesthetic network and it's in little ways here and there and here and there and the network compensates for that and it does okay but it in enough damage happens you just can't compensate any more for events that are happening so when you get sick you get some you know viral infection or you fall down when you're 80 and break your hip you just don't have that homeless basis pathways in place to allow you to recover and compensate for that I mean that's sort of the best answer I can give you right now so if you had to guess and I'm hopeful that that the listeners are with us because this idea of the the linear and monotonic increasing in damage is is the thing that has to be addressed if we're going to make a step function change in human longevity right so we're we're I like how you describe it we're really tinkering around the edges right everything we do is tinkering around the edges but if we fund to mentally want to get to a point where maximal human lifespan is changed and health span is fundamentally altered we have to bend the slope of that lot so my first question for you is what is the probability in your mind that rap a mice and is doing that based on what you've seen in animal models well okay so first of all if you look at something like a worm I think that the the modeling's very different the worms are just kind of already in a failure state there are they're like designed to last for two weeks and you don't have that homeless basis that humans have and so you can get huge and fooled by interventions yeah in worms or or other organisms that don't the pathway may translate the humans but the effect sizing humans is going to be much smaller I suspect that's where raffle mice in is that it's it's going to give you a healthier period if you take it the right way or I don't think any intervention is going to affect everybody okay but the majority of people may benefit from that but I think it's in the modest effect size not in the change the change the okay I want to come back and talk more about raffle and m4 because you're again one of the few people along with Matt David people who can really talk and depth about it but let's now stay in the world of speculation if you if you had to even imagine something that can change the slope of the line i.e. can take I guess we define maximal lifespan as the 90th percentile of life span so let's just make a number up and say maximal human lifespan today is I don't know 105 yeah something like that okay 120 is the 90th percentile of life span up by 25 years if I told you Brian you might not be alive to see it nor will I but I have a crystal ball and in the year 2100 90 percent of humans will live to be 130 and now I say give me your best guess as to what did this is your guess going to be small molecules genetic engineering epigenetic engineering like just go down the pathway or multimodal it's going to have to be 10 different things like just this is just kind of like the fun stuff I game well I think the scary thing is that that linear accumulation it does look like entropy which in reversing the second law of that dynamics is we have to reverse it we just have to slow it it's been slowing it is a challenge right so um and if you think about it from a physics standpoint which I'm getting further and further and deeper and a pool I shouldn't be in I'm just telling you that right now but if you think even your life you're just just keep trying water if you it my motto by the way with the consulting I do is that I know what I don't know it's not a good model for consulting and I've learned but anyway um as you get into the you know the physics of it it's really about temperature and I know I don't mean temperature in terms of the temperature in the room I mean the energy in the system that's driving the changes or damage and the question is how do you lower that and so maybe what you need to do when you're looking for longevity interventions is not looking for how long a worm lives because the worm is dying for different reasons it's already in the failure mode it's about how to lower the noise in the system and lowering the noise in the system might be a way of of changing that slope so that could be transcriptional noise it could be anything you can measure as noise that happens over time you might want to try to lower that noise that's an interesting concept now that that may also come with with secondary effects that people don't want I mean it's so right there might be a retardation of growth and development early in life and it might be one of those things where you don't want to touch the slope for the first 30 years of life yeah and and you know we're getting where is the point at which which you want to intervene yeah and I think that temporal component is really important it's taking us into a different concept and take anistic play atropey but people and it is true that if you look at all the yeast mutants at extend lifespan most of them would not make happy yeast in the wild they slow growth or they do something else affects some property like mating that that doesn't is not going to make for a yeast that survives through natural selection but if you put them in a lab they can divide more times and so a lot along the mutants have fitness cost and so the question would be that if you if you target this noise in the system which is a completely different way of thinking about interventions what will the fitness cost be with that and you're right maybe you can get around it by temporal things like the mtor path where you probably don't want to impact as a child but as an adult you know it's more important early in life than it is later in life it's only important at certain times so if you impact it the right way you can get the benefits without the cost and maybe that's possible in these these interventions but we're so early I can't even with any confidence tell you what kinds of interventions would have that impact I will say one of the thing is that I think reprogramming is potentially a way to mitigate some of the this inter intropic change because if you can replace the cells you're with new cells those new cells may have some of the damage because they come from the old cells but they they would probably get rid of a lot of the damage too and so that may be a way of changing the slope so like reprogramming which I think is still very early stage that may be so as a thought experiment if you took um if I could clone you right now or you had a twin let's just say you got a twin one of me is enough in the world you but you're in Singapore so we're gonna have an American version we're gonna have this thing of pouring version so so we have two of you and in one of you we're just gonna act as the control we're gonna give you some vehicle in the second one let's just assume I can use the fidelity of CRISPR to revert your entire epigenome in every cell of your body to what it looked like when you were 20 and anytime it gets out of whack I smack it right back to 20 year old Brian epigenome only not genome yeah not proteome not metat enough I don't change anything but epigenome well those things are good exactly they're gonna affect everything else but what is your what is your guess is to the difference in lifespan and health span of those two versions of you that's a that's an interesting question I think but I think there would be a difference for sure I'm not sure it would be a huge difference and you don't think it would be huge I'm not as sold on the primacy of the epigenetics certainly you can not so what would go wrong right so so if you look at and by the way I'm I don't know the answer of course I'm just kind of thinking through data that I've seen right so if you look at epigenetic code for two different hepatocytes liver cells one from a 20 year old one from a 50 year old and then and I tell you which one's 20 which one's 50 and then I show you a bunch of others you can always tell which one's the old one which sounds the younger one it's there's it's you can probably tell that from mitochondria a lot of other things too yes so the question is if do you just say is your belief system that just because you revert the epigenome back to what it looked like when it's 20 it's not going to change gene expression enough to move the needle I think it'll definitely influence gene expression but there's also DNA damage that's happened there are mitochondrial changes there the question we're asking is if you revert that how many of these other things can we fix and restore yes and that's the unknown answer I suspect you would have significant impact on those things but not fully restore them I I think the question of the primacy of the epigenome is an open question there nobody knows the answer yes how testable is the hypothesis how would you design the experiment to test that yeah I think that's difficult because if you want to do it in a very direct way you really need to modify the factors that are controlling epigenetic regulation but there are a lot of factors doing that it's not just DNA methylation it's histone modification there's there's nuclear packaging and nuclear lamins which are linked to aging as well and and there's it's not just one pathway to change so I think from a real real life standpoint it's hard to think about how you would do that effectively you know it certainly I think people have really jumped on it maybe when talking about aging clocks at some point people have really jumped on this idea of epigenome being a dry the driver of aging because you can get a biological gauge by measuring the DNA methylation changes across the genome well I mean I think they're asserting that that's the case I don't see any evidence that that's the case that's yeah we can come to that yeah we we we we definitely want to do like and you can get to that same point by measuring the proteomic changes by measuring the microbiome changes by looking at facial structural changes that Jackie Hans got great data on that in China so anything in a human where you have a deep enough data set that's enriched enough and you have samples across a wide enough aina age range you can make a clock that predicts their age and and the the facial clock is about as accurate as the methylation clock so I think that a lot of people have jumped on this methylation or our epigenic bandwagon but they're they're taking the association and causality and they're making a big leap there now we know that you can modify epigenetic factors and extend the lifespan of yeast and worms and flies and maybe even mice so it does have a role but you can do that with synolytic factors or nutritional regulators or you know caleristiction or a lot of other things it's not clear to me that that's a bigger effect than you're going to get from targeting these other interventions so so but to be fair none of them are completely reversing things either so they're not addressing your question yeah right go do you believe that it and this is just again we're in the philosophical we'll I'll bring it back to reality at some point today um do you think that immortality is impossible unless we define it through kind of like AI copying your brain let's put the I mean physical immortality do you believe that that is that is impossible well I like to tell people that I'm immortal because I think the mindset that gives me is a very healthy mindset for me we can come to you know you talk a lot about the emotional aspects of aging your book I love that chapter we come to that later but that's I don't really believe it's true I think the odds that you could achieve that level of change in aging is non-zero but close so I'm skeptical that that can be done I think it's fair to say but I wouldn't rule out the possibility of course nobody's ultimately going to be immortal because you're going to get hit by a boss sooner later but what you're really talking about is being immortal in terms of dying from aging yeah what I guess what I really say can one ever get to the point where resilience is high enough that you cannot die from disease I have seen nothing so far that suggests that's possible okay but but that doesn't mean it isn't possible yeah no and then that gets even to physical frailty and so our community and things like that where even when we see centenarians and super centenarians their frailty is still pretty remarkable meaning like they still look pretty feeble in frail like I mean the age adjusted they're great but at the end of the day like when they're 110 they still look like someone who's in the final years of their life just as someone would if they were 84 85 I mean I had two grandmothers that lived to almost 100 one died at 99 and the other 101 and the one at 101 I would say that at 90 she was driving at 95 I think she quit driving she bought the 238 game at 93 she was looked like a 93 yeah yeah but so that's like a 70 something girl exactly my point is she just had a phase shift of 20 years but it didn't undo the inevitability of that behind yeah yeah yeah I agree with that I think that you know but and right I getting us to 100 so a good goal I think so I agree completely do you think that again we're spending too much time worrying about finding immortality escape velocity understanding the core of aging when maybe we should be spending more time on how do we preserve health span in the last decade of life why is it that most people in the final decade of their life are physically too frail to enjoy life are cognitively just you know even absent Alzheimer's disease they're just not cognitively sharp enough they're in pain they're fracturing their hips they're not doing what you know what gave them joy through most of your life yeah I think that we should fund aging somewhere closer to the level we're funding cancer and answer both of those questions at the same time I think one of them is a translational question about how do we slow aging as much as we can right now and improve the health of the population as much as possible and the other one is a basic science question can we stop aging can we reverse aging no one can if anybody has the antelgy they have the answers to that they're lying to you or they're lying to themselves okay we don't know and I think that but it's maybe the most important question in biology and we should be throwing money at it so we've seen all this money going to like the private sector side by a tech company's supplement companies, longevity clinics and on and on and I think that's great by the way and I've spent a lot of my time working with those groups because I think it's important but we're not seeing the academic funding that's going into the basic science of aging and longevity and the big question still that you just raised they're still not answered and so I'm not I'm changing your your question to a plea for more funding and unfortunately the the kind of funding that supports that is usually government funding foundation funding and and that's under major threat right now so it's I'm really worried that we're not going to answer those questions well it's funny we this was a discussion that came up on a longevity round table I think most people myself included were really surprised to hear how disparate the funding differences are and how if you could put I don't know if you could reallocate 10% of funding from the disease specific pools to the age pools it could have an enormous difference based on how it's a little bit of a statement yeah so when you think about the big chronic diseases yeah cardiovascular disease cancer uh demanding diseases and metabolic diseases right those will be the big four I've often maintained that the the the least inevitable of them is ironically the one that is the most deadly today which is cardiovascular disease yeah the athletic diseases so cerebral and and cardiovascular ironically the most preventable I think because we have the best understanding of what causes them and we couple that with the most tools to prevent them whether be tools to combat hypertension, disability, me, et cetera and they're responsible to a responsive to the that lifestyle okay which of those major diseases of the other three demanding cancer metabolic do you believe is the most inevitable to our species I wouldn't put uh metabolic I agree I had a gore yeah sure because I see that more like cardiovascular high degree so if the other two cancer and demanding or neurodegenerative diseases which one is just seemingly inevitable we don't know enough about dementia to answer but I will say that cancer is a little bit different than these other diseases I think and it's not and it may be less modifiable by longevity interventions dementia we we just don't know my guess is it's highly modifiable too but there's not enough data to be sure of that like there is for metabolic and cardiovascular disease but cancer is is is an accumulation of mutation so it's a more defined event that's happening it's also an impact on the immune system that's different a little bit than normal aging so it may be less approachable from a longevity viewpoint. Yeah it's funny that's exactly my view that cancer is the most inevitable of these diseases do you think that the inevitability or the age related component stems more from the accumulation of mutations or the weakening of the immune system. It's probably both I mean you don't get to cancer without the right mutations happening but I think we're learning more and more that the immune system is playing a major role in it and that we can see that very clearly from the interventions that improve immune function and they're having a big role in certain types of tumors but I think that's going to be true for Alzheimer's and the dementia as well we've completely underestimated the role of inflammation and the immune system and those diseases as well and they may be the primary drivers you know I kind of I'm very frustrated by some of these fields one of them is Alzheimer's you know the I kind of feel like you know one of these Alzheimer's researchers they're going to die at some point of 90 and on their on their tombstone it's going to be like you know major accomplishment was the completely remove plaques from the brain died of Alzheimer's at 94 you know it's it's it's there's been so much focus on one or two mechanisms of disease that we spent 30 years not studying the others which may be more important why do you think that I mean I write about it in the book but I'm really curious is to why you think that's happened and because that's not it unfortunately that's not an isolated incident in science so why do you think it's happening in a field where the results are otherwise so dismal what's the what's the same that scientific progress happens one funeral time yeah I think that's part of it you know you get people that that have successful research programs and their postdocs get hired and all the jobs and and so when you take a field and it grows from a small field to a bigger field you everybody can draw their lineage back to four or five different p.i.s and and so whatever models and those p.i.s get really focused on those models and they see that as their ticket to prizes and things like that and so then you you focus on a subset of the disease mechanisms that the exclusion of all others and I don't want to single Alzheimer's on I think a lot of diseases meet that category but it's unfortunate because what we're realizing is that you know there's a lot of factors that contribute to any disease and I think longevity maybe an interesting way of looking at it like I think it's better like I'll take it take a mouse okay we've tried to make Alzheimer's models in mice and they they don't prove that informative why you're making your creating the disease a mouse doesn't get genetically in a young mouse and comparing that to a natural disease in an old human I think you learn more about Alzheimer's if you look at the brain nerd agenda changes that happen in the mouse normally with aging the downstream things are different but the drivers maybe the very similar to the ones that are driving Alzheimer's Alzheimer's and that may be a better model of Alzheimer's than trying to artificially create something that a mouse doesn't get so that's what I think aging is helping change that perspective that you know the drivers of aging I think are very similar between a mouse and a human the downstream events can be different but the drivers are what we care about right so let's go back to rap a mice and for a moment do you believe that the primary effect of rap a mice and is tamping down maladaptive inflammation through obviously the intermittent blunting of M.T.R. I think that's one of the major things certainly you know that there's good evidence for enhancement of autophagy there's good evidence for changes in protein translation and those things are not mutually exclusive to inflammatory changes anyway but I think those are the three things that we have pretty good evidence for and so but I really think that all of these interventions that we're looking at are restoring dynamic range they're not it may take super physiologic changes to change that linear line right but I don't think that's what we're looking at right now we're restoring things that happen when you were young so given that we're not likely to have a human clinical trials a rap a mice in that study aging for the simple fact that we don't even know what an aging biomarker is we're going to largely be extrapolating from animal data if we have to make decisions about humans using rap a mice and for geroprotection. I'll push back a little bit then I know where we're going with this but we're doing a study like this in Singapore on humans. Okay six month intervention with rap a mice and and we're looking as many different parameters of it we're not doing disease in fact we're taking into the six months we're taking people that are 40 to 60 they may have a precondition for a disease but they don't have anything that would be defined as a disease okay so it could be you know high glucose but not dive you know and so the and then we're looking at changes in a wide range of different biomarkers clocks which so tell me a little bit more about the study so how many subjects we're doing these I don't remember the exact numbers somewhere around 150 to 200 so it's not huge and how you're dosing it intermittently once a week yeah how much I think it's five milligrams is what's in the protocol I'd it's being run by Andrea Meyer which is one of my collaborators in Singapore so five milligrams of rap immune once a week for six months and then let's go through all the different measurements yeah so a range of clocks inflammatory cytokine panels functional measures pulsoid velocity dexa strength measurements cognitive measurements and I'm still missing a couple of them but did you expect to see changes in strength or cognition or things like that I mean do you do you worry that those are kind of the wrong outcomes to look for in a six-month study of people that are young yeah well I think that you know this comes back to what do you measure and yeah this is where I knew we were calling with this um I don't think we know I mean certainly you can change those parameters I think if you exercise you're gonna change change your steps to move especially if this was a six-month exercise trial field boots I think six-month exercise trial might also change the cognitive parameters it's possible yep so I think it's a six-month sleep correction trial would undoubtedly change the cognitive parameters yeah so I don't think it's unreasonable that a drug could do these things as well I think rap a mice and it's complicated when it comes to muscle and I know that partly because I kind of feel like I'm gonna be non-scientific for a minute I I become my own best model organism so I try all kinds of different things on myself now I know it's any equals one I'm not sure rap a mice and then skeletal muscle without exercise I'm not sure what it's gonna do I one of the things I notice is when I take rap a mice and if I do like hard run I'm a runner I've gone to more lifting the last three or four years but I've I've always been a runner I don't have good runs within 24 hours of taking rap a mice and and it may be because you have to activate him to her in a context or something sorry if you take rap a 24 hours prior to a run 24 hours of running yeah now what about if you take rap a after a run do you is your is your recovery better do you feel less sense of that what I do know is if I three or four days after I take rap I am really good training so I think what's happening is that maybe in that short window after you take it you can't activate the pathway enough but in the long term what you're doing is dampening the basal signaling and you're getting the better dynamic range so if the trough levels are low I think but that's me but you know that's just something I'm going to experiment with that Brian because I always take rap a the same day of the week and my workouts are always the same like I do the same workouts on the same days of the week I'm gonna do it adjustment on that and see and I don't what it does I didn't try it with resistance either so I don't know what it's gonna do there so what tools do we have to measure a topology in humans well you can pull out blood cells we're talking about the limit I mean we're we're talking about the limitations of what you can get from a human right yeah blood saliva that that's what we're going to think and so you can pull out blood cells and you can look at you know white cells and see you know whether a topology pathways are induced or not you can take muscle biopsies we don't really like doing that in our clinical studies because it makes it harder to get volunteers I think if you do muscle biopsies the right way they're probably not that painful to people but people have that perception and we need healthy volunteers for our studies um I would love to look at muscle I think that you know autopidges another one of these dual ad sorts though right you've got you don't want autopidges all the time you want to know and hit the appropriate levels at the right time and if it's on all the time you're gonna get muscle atrophy probably so it's again it's about dynamic range what would you need to see in this study to feel that rap amycin is geo protective because my concern I suppose would be you're not gonna see a difference in dexa you're not gonna see a difference in physical performance you're not gonna see a difference in cognitive function you might see a reduction in certain cytokines but not all cytokines I forget what the other markers that you said were but my my I guess my concern is we're not able since we can't measure aging we're not going to see enough of a signal the other oh you mentioned epigenetic clocks um in an ideal world that would be the perfect tool to measure them except for the caber Linux experiment which I'm sure you're familiar with but yeah I agree with I use I bring Matt to all my conferences now because I use that slide where he did like eight of them at once yeah I mean their multiple issues here that one issue is are the consumer testing companies do they have a standardized enough protocol that it's reliable and I think I'm skeptical that that's the case I I think there and this is you're doing in house measurement we're not using anything between control everything so we get around a lot of those problems just for the listener so they understand what we're talking about Matt Cabro and bought four of the top commercial tests did them in duplicate simultaneously so it took eight tests at the same moment in time and he has a funny graph that shows how pathetic they are not only do none of the tests agree with each other the identical tests rarely agree with each other yeah so just if you're listening to this and you want to go out and get a commercial test that details you how old you are biologically yeah reconsider it okay I want to tell you we have the potential for a better clock in a minute so I put a pin on talk about that yeah but yeah so consumer wise I think there's concerns I think what are you using as a control when you talk about again given how inflammation and epigenetic change might be the only two signals that you find here and again this is just me being pessimistic nanny but this is just my prediction I do not think there will be a finding in any of those other measurements but you might have a chance with inflammation and epigenome if you're not your slave to I just think here's my problem with Paul's way of Brian it is so user dependent in terms of the technician who is doing like we don't use it clinically at all because we think it's a useless test because like I think the corroded into malfikening is a useless test and that's an easier test to do because unless you have a tech who basically has a PhD and how to do vascular imaging and they're the only one that does it every minute of every day if my patients come in with a CIMT I open a bird cage I take out the poopy bottom paper I put their CIMT in there I close yeah I just I use this it is so so I just worry that all of those tests are not going to they're just going to be noise no signal but these other two might have signal so then how do you what's your control for accelerated aging or something else? There's going to be really interesting if you did a six month parallel fasting trial where if you took people and you rendered them hypocoloric you know you put them on at some draconian 60% calorie diet for six months where you really think you would tamp down inflammation and a top of G and you probe if anything's going to reprogram the epigenome in six months you think that would be a that would be a very interesting control even if you had a fraction of the number of subjects yeah I mean we're doing multiple we just the first study was with the timer release version of AKG that with PDR help help a computer right yeah okay I'd like to have more about that's finished and we're just analyzing data so I can't tell you much data but we finished the trial we did six month intervention and three month follow up so we want to see if their changes do they maintain if you stop taking the compound okay because in mice oddly they do for aging but I'm skeptical that's going to happen in humans so we're doing multiple studies so this is sort of like you're on the same time but there we will be doing the same study over and over and over again with different interventions yes yeah it's like I was just saying your ITP equivalent in yes yeah and by the way I don't know six months is long enough I don't know for doing the right test I don't think anybody knows the exam what is the cost of doing that experiment you just described it's about a million and a half sinks so that's a million and a half US dollars yeah this is really interesting and not that I'm here to do this but it's just I get asked so much by people where can I put money where can I put money so I'd like to make sure that people who are listening to this who are thinking about hey how do I fund insanely high-leverage research yeah this to me strikes a great way to get on that right would love to have that because it's really hard to raise money for this stuff yeah but if you think about if you're if you're sitting there and you're listening to this and you're saying look I'd like to put a million dollars to work on something that would dramatically change you know adding a decade to life your way better off putting in my opinion you really are better off putting money into this type of translational research than you are into basic science or into you know farmy research that is tends to be a little bit more you know you're just you're not gonna find me still not doing the aging yeah yeah it's I you know they're thinking about it they're starting to but they've been saying that for a long yeah no this is this is great um because you can tell I have strong opinions on ideas for how to do some of these experiments so let's talk a little bit about Alpha Keta Glutorate and why we walk us through the rationale for how that came to be something that you would put through this type of rigorous program yeah so uh company full disclosure that I'm involved with a pdl health they have a product for juman now they came to us many years ago at the back and working with Gordon let's go and I and they were like this green natural products that would have an impact on aging because you know they're the mindset of the CEO of the what became the CEO of this company was that I I can't get drugs but proof for aging at any time in the near future this work with natural products and also things that the FDA just calls grass yeah out of the gap okay and let's let's look for combinations of things that work together um because we can get IP around combinations we can't get IP around single natural products um so we screened a lot of things in worms and AKG came out as one of the best things in worms and then we started testing interventions in mice and that's led now to we're testing like we do four or five different interventions studies in mice every six months now um not just with natural products and not just for this company but we built that into our own kind of ITP and mice too although we do it differently but anyway AKG came out as one of the biggest effects and then in the mouse studies we found that for male mice there was a combined effect with vitamin A and vitamins are an interesting discussion too and there was also a combined effect with both sexes with vitamin D and so that led to this product regimen which is AKG time release AKG very important because otherwise it's like any it goes away in five minutes if you don't have a time release version tell folks what Alphacita Glutorate is and shows it's a part of the is part of the crme cycle it's yeah it is it's a TCA cycle crme cycle central metabolite involved in hundreds of reactions it's a lot like an AD yep they're doing different things but they're both central metabolites they're both going down with aging and organisms and the ideas supplementing them back up would be beneficial um and so when we did that with AKG in mice we see about a five to ten percent increase in lifespan but a dramatic increase in frailty so when we meet increased the idea I know it's going to be yeah so that mice I would argue that you're still clearing along jumping in pervers we talk about it yep yeah so you know if we could if that translated to humans it would be a big impact and so that's what led to the human product by the way I think that if you did not extend lifespan by a day but you just improved health span yeah that's a home run yeah I agree for most people that is all they actually want yeah I agree I think if they get that they'll want the other two but that's yeah but yeah I never the reverse no nobody wants more life span without we're doing now I know I know I can't that's not a strategic point no yeah but yeah I completely agree with that so you know we're still excited about this product there's been with about AKG and especially the time release version and there's been you know some some studies that have been published one of which we helped analyze the data for using rudimentary methylation clocks showing that they reverse it that they reverse is aging by a few years again it's that oscillation thing we were talking about earlier I think and that's why we wanted to do a controlled placebo double-blighted clinical trial at the university and that case we're just testing the time release AKG we didn't include the vitamins because we're trying to get some mechanistic information we know what confounders in there but I'm I think as the data is still pretty good on AKG that it's going to have an impact in people so that human trial has been completed you're evaluating the data yeah you're going to have the CS signal but are you in each of these trials do you do the same measurements the the same outcomes generally yes but we we sometimes modify the primary endpoint because we want to choose a primary endpoint that's most likely impacted by the intervention in a way it doesn't matter that much because we're measuring as many things as possible anyway and of course we learn over time as we do things so we add things and we take things out they're not working well that sort of things so did you guys do a study on your relief in A as well we haven't published it yet but I am happy to talk a little bit about it we don't have human data but the mouth state is really good on your illiterate I I'm a believer it work in our hands the first what this why we haven't published yet because when we did it dramatically reduce frailty and male mice but not females and so we're repeating that because I there may be sex specific differences but we're the first ones to see that so we want to go back and see what's going on now I feel like I feel like I've written a newsletter on this where I came down on the side of this isn't doing anything is am I mistaking this for a different molecule is this the one that in theory enhances mitochondrial function is that the thought it the I just didn't enhance his mitophages so turn over of damage by the country I'm not sure I completely agree with that we do see that in cell culture but we also see mitochondrial biogenesis and so these two things are connected right if you induce mitochondrial biogenesis you'll also induce mitophagey and so it's kind of I'm not sure who's which words the chicken and where's the egg in this but it does seem to induce mitochondrial turnover but we also find other pathways we've done we when we look at a molecule if we don't know enough about it we like wrap up mice and we know it binds to amtor you're a myth and we don't know what it does an AKG also we know a lot of things it can do we don't know which ones are relevant for aging for a year of lithium we went back and did this screening assay to proteomics thermal shift assay that to look for binding partners for the compound and we have some so how tell me about the history that led to using it well for us I mean yohan oh where I published this data that it was slowing aging in mice and that's led to a lot of research so we weren't the first ones to study your a little bit and a lot of what we do is testing interventions that come from other labs because if I'm going to do a human study I want to at least see it repeated my hands in an animal first absolutely if it doesn't repeat in my hands it doesn't mean it doesn't work it may mean the conditions are different but I think it does if it does repeat it makes an argument for robustness and so that's why we started your lithium we've we also see positive effects of spermidine and glycine and other things but yeah so we we didn't make the initial discovery on your lithium but so we don't know the mechanism of action well they would argue it's increased by the condo turnover but we have a target we have targets we haven't published yet oh you didn't yeah yeah did you guys discover the target yeah we we've got a couple new targets that we haven't published yet so that could explain some of the effects and have you studied this in humans yet? No no yet that's planned but hasn't been done yet. This might be actually one of the ones where I would say unlike in the rapid trial you actually want to come up with primary outcomes that are quite different here this is where for example I'd want to see fat oxidation yeah I'd want to see you know what we talk about a zone two efficiency I mean if this is indeed improving my condo real function I'm not aware of a better test of my condo real function. Yeah I agree with you and and that raises the point of whether we should couple these interventions to exercise those ones for that one for sure that's a complication but it may be worth doing in this context not to get in your business you must muscle by obss these people. You're gonna have to get on way you're gonna have to get people to get to get to get a little punch by obss the other quads because it's just it's too important to understand what's happening. I think a lot of these supplements I'm gonna go back to an equals one story here. Yeah I think a lot of these supplements are impacting exercise and so it's kind of a a win-win you you you you take something you exercise better you drive benefits from that exercise so it's kind of you win twice with some of these so I'll tell you what happened recently I've been very skeptical of in eighty not that going down and restoring it won't be good but I'm skeptical it's going through sertones I think it could be doing a lot of other things but I'm also skeptical that in our in a minute or really changing in eighty levels that much and our mice don't really respond in our studies within our in a minute I've never noticed anything taking in our again that's just one person but that's me. When I last looked at this and I know I'm going to get a lot of hate mail because I always get hate mail when I talk about this the only study I've seen in humans that shows a real benefit of NR was in patience with ALS that had the patience in the NR group had a longer time before requiring ventilation than the patience on the placebo. Is there another study I'm missing? Well there've been health spent studies are getting improved health spent but by what metric? I don't I can tell you we've done them as well and we do see very subtle changes within our that are aspects of the frailty measurements in in mice or in human mice but it's not enough to really convince us it's statistically significant so I wouldn't be shocked if there's a tiny effect is what I'm saying but okay. And why do you think that is? Do you think it's that NR and NMN are not efficient vehicles to generate a NR? I think that's one thing for sure but let me tell you the rest of the story because I pretty much given up on the pathway and a company that came to me and wanted to test one of their products and this company is called I expire for them anyway. They have a new product that's sublingual in AD so they don't they specialize in technology for sublingual delivery and they make other things to. So just explain to folks why that matters you can't take NAD orally because it just gets destroyed. So typically people take NAD intravenously but if you take something under the tongue you get this magical property where it dissolves and it enters the circulation without passing through the digestion and obviously the liver where these things get chewed up. And you can do this every day right? I mean lots of drugs are given in this. Yeah, yeah. I vee just not practical on a competitive basis. How many milligrams of NAD are they? 100 milligrams and the one I'm taking also has Appagin and it which is a CD38 inhibitor. So CD38 is a consumer of NAD. So if you block that enzyme, this is another natural product. If you block that enzyme then you also effectively increase in and so I was taking that along with the regio of it which is the AKG plus vitamin A and also it would be complex but mainly AKG effect. And when I take them together, I notice this acute effect on my exercise performance. So I'm running my heart rate goes up. My respiratory rate doesn't go up as much. It goes up a little bit but normally if my heart rates at 150 or 155, I'm breathing hard, I'm breathing closer to normal when I take these two things together. I've gone off, I've gone back on. And if one is your rate of perceived exertion, tracking more with your respiratory rate or your heart rate. It's tracking more than my respiratory rate. I don't perceive that I'm exerting, I run faster when I do it. You know it would be so cool to see Brian is measuring your lactate levels at a fixed heart rate under those two different respiratory rates but under the same loads. So same do it on a treadmill just to make it ambiguous. I'd be super curious to see a lactate performance curve. I should do that. I don't think you can imagine this. I've got things telling me these two parameters. So it's really good. I like to just quit my job and do nothing other than these experiments. Yeah and like I said this may happen for no one else. I don't know. But for me it I can go off it sort of goes away. It's starting to not go away now because I've been ex- it's improving my exercise performance and now I'm getting more fit. So it's getting harder to see the effect but it still comes and goes when I go on and off either the AKG or the AKG or the energy. The other thing I'd be interested to see is let's pretend off drug heart rate 150 RPE7 velocity x. On drug I want you to go back to the same RPE. Let heart rate go higher and let velocity go higher and I'm curious as to how long you can sustain that relative to what you were doing before. And other words like does some other system get in the way that ultimately reduces your capacity? I can't answer but the first the reason I noticed is that I've taken it three days. I didn't even think about it. It's like every morning I do it. I was on the treadmill and running and I'm I keep pushing the speed up and I'm not getting out of breath and I was going to run 5k and ran 12k and I still didn't feel that tired at the end of it. And then I started thinking how did this happen because I know how my body performs and how many of them. So this is this molecule in trials yet with humans? It's not even have to be in trials it's a natural product so it's no but I mean it's on the market. Yes yes yes but if those of us who want to actually know if it works. Oh come on. Those of us who believe in this pesky thing got evidence. Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah I'm getting past that now I'm joking. There've been a lot of animal studies and they can show that when they I'm not even sure this is published I think I can say this. When they add sublingualy in a rat model you have to anesthetize the rats to get it the sublingual delivery. Yeah that you see it incorporated very highly in red blood cells the NAD. This was just with the NAD not epigenetic and so they're argument there is literature to support this and it's not my field but I'll just say what it is is that their channels that can take up NAD directly in certain cell types. There is yes. Yeah I had Josh Rubino it's on the podcast and he talked at length about this and yeah I mean what I took away from that discussion was intravenous NAD will work. Yeah The question is what's it working for and so would you or belief be that the effect you experience here should be mirrored by what somebody experiences with intravenous NAD not with sanding the limitations of the frequency that they could do it? Yes I think so but the dose there's so much higher on IVN ADN it could be a too high I don't know but the interior yes and but this is so simple you just every morning gone in 30 seconds and so I think that I you know and for me again it's enhanced by the AKG too so it's you're adding two metabolites that are both going down with aging that are both involved in hundreds of different they're giving you cellular metabolic flexibility I think that's what they're doing I don't think it's one pathway they're activating and is the alfakita glutinrate with vitamin E or A that it's for a male it's vitamin A and the new product has some B complex and it is well and these are commercially available products and you're about to publish on them in humans. The regimen is already been published on the AKG by itself. Yeah uncontrolled not placebo controlled methylation study that of users okay so take what you want out of that we're not much. You can you can talk to me off my my my I don't want to try to I will say that I think community days valuable and I think if if you go back and look at the paper we didn't do the any analysis we just analyzed the data but if you go back and look at the paper I think we were very clear in that paper even in the abstract of the limitations of the finding. So I think that for community-based data it's better to have it out there and published but you have you want authors that are willing to be honest about what the data says and what the data doesn't say but yeah the study that's been completed is just AKG time release on none of the vitamins and it's placebo controlled and as many parameters as we can measure so hopefully it'll show something okay and then you're doing the one with vitamin A and E. No exactly we don't we're not doing that right now we'd love to do that but we we finance this study ourselves are the only thing the company did was supply the time release AKG and and so it would be good to go back and look at the actual product and in combined with this in AD now but I just sort of figured that out myself five months ago I don't even have any animal data that that's true it would be interesting to go back and add these things in animals but you can you know you can anesthetize a rat and do some legal delivery one time and measure the PKPD yeah but you can't do it for a moment time it's going to be a nightmare you mentioned spermity in a moment ago let's talk about that it's getting quite a bit of buzz tell us tell us everything about spermity well so we studied that a while ago and I was at the buck and we wanted to look at we were confused because at that time the data was spermity could extend lifespan but it didn't impact metabolism and I'm like almost everything in amounts of extends lifespan is some impact on metabolism so we did a high fat study with spermity and we we showed that in old animals spermity could suppress the metabolic dysfunction that came from a high fat diet in mice but we had some control mice too and actually not many but the country because the study wasn't designed to do lifespan but we left them alive and looked at survival and the spermity and extended the lifespan of the mice too. The spermity and been studied in the ITP I don't think it doesn't think it has don't call me but I don't think it has and so we we were able to repeat the lifespan effect in mice even though that wasn't the goal of our study and we showed that it restores metabolism and a calorie challenge context and so that's what made me believe that you know it's a robust molecule that we can see that effect as well so I would say I'm optimistic about spermity and as well that we have it done on spermity and occur in nature. You're um actually don't remember. It's actually occurring. It does naturally occur yes yes yes. So there's no I think it's in certain certain foods or have it but I'm worried I'm complaining that with the year of lithium so. Okay have you guys looked at alpha estradial 17? No we haven't looked at that. I would be an interesting one. Yeah I agree and I'm also run the director of an Asian Center for reproductive longevity and equality and in US and Singapore we're looking at ovarian aging and there's two things I've it's it's made me this is like you know it's like PhD biologists you know all of a sudden I'm getting asked a million questions about HRT so I decided I better learn something but there's two things that I've learned from this one is that geroprotectors tend to extend fertility in mice and it's not just one thing it's spermity and it's AKG it's been shown for met farmland and rapomice and and what is there a rapatrial going on I think it could be a ear for now and so yeah and so that's one really potentially useful avenue of translation for these geroprotectors I'm really excited about that. The other thing I think and maybe you have more expertise than I do so you're pleased disagree is that the question should not be should a woman do HRT the question should be is there any reason a woman should not do HRT because I just see the the value of hormone replacement to far outweigh the risk and the majority of women I don't know if you feel that way but there's some here and so 17 office interesting right because it worked in males yeah it's also non-feminizing I don't know what that really means but I mean I not sure how much I believe that but you know and so it could be triggering some of these same pathways and and I know you know the you know testosterone is another one that you know and I did the study on it and show it's a little bit of an increased risk and prostate cancer and then everybody said don't do testosterone replacement and I think that although that's been fully fully I agree now yeah and then so most men are not doing that are if they're doing it they're doing in an uncontrolled ways that in taking levels maybe to too high that could be dangerous and so I feel like that there's a lot of like men are in a better position today because one more trials have been done to undo the bad ones so traverse trial which is published probably been a year now but that sort of undid a lot of the even though the traverse had many problems with it but it undid a lot of the damage of some of the fear mongering from really bad studies that suggested testosterone and prostate cancer turns out it's the exact opposite but women unfortunately are still struggling under the dark cloud of the women's health initiative which was you know apocryphal and I mean it just you know they no one's undone it and I traveled at 25 countries again a lot of countries in Southeast Asia and so now everywhere I go if I see a doctor I'm like how many women are doing HRT and what are you finding extremely low like extreme because they're deferential to US recommendations or I think that changes and the what doctors tell people is slower in in these countries but maybe there's less risk it's also cost money right so if you have somebody that doesn't have a lot of access to finances they may be less able to do it in these countries I don't know all the reasons but I'm just I'm just looking into it now but it's stunning how how low the HRT is around the world still and and we're just missing an easy opportunity I think to help people I agree I mean I think there's a part of me that is just so interested in the front here and like how do you push the boundaries of this stuff how you know I truly could be infinitely happy working nowhere but at the front here is if thinking about the molecules but at the same time I feel just as excited about trying to figure out how to make sure people aren't scoring own goals all day yeah right like there's so many ways to just help a person without anything magical find another five years of life and dramatically improve health span well through judicious use of everything from HRT to correct exercise reasonable nutrition like there's just so many great ways to do it but obviously the idea of doing both of these is so appealing I come back every three months the you know I lived here 50 years and then I left and I come back every three months and the same two things you know you leave someplace you come back you notice things you didn't notice right and and the same two things every time I come back or I get it in the airport I don't even have to like leave the airport one is so many people are not in health they're not in shape there's so much obesity you know it's it's striking compared to almost anywhere else in the world the second one is people just seem so stressed here I don't get that I Singapore is a pretty stressed country and I still feel that people are more stressed here when I come back where are the obesity rates in Singapore relatively low but in Asia you've got this challenge with skinny diabetes right and so you have a lot of people that can't build the out of positive that they need right but they're storing all the difference between the wrong places and this is maybe even worse than so the diet is moving more Western in Asia and it's creating problems it's just not as obesity associated so and now that you're coming back do you notice a difference at all based on SGLT2 inhibitors pardon me GLP1 Agamis I think they're making a difference but I guess you know I'm not passing the airport test yet yeah I don't know how widespread they're being used either this you probably know that you know I don't think I'm familiar with the latest stats on how why they're being used let's let's go back to the kind of the epigenetic lock situation so do you think that there could be value in this as a tool right and and let me hold the bar as high as I think it would need to be to justify their use so right now we have this thing called chronologic age I can look at your birth certificate I can know how old you are and based on that I can make an estimate of how much longer you will live so if I look at a person who's 40 years old and I know nothing else about them and then I see another person who is 65 years old and I know nothing else about them I can say with a high degree of confidence that the 65 year old person will live you know I'm making this up because I'm not an actuary but somewhere between 20 and 30 more years and the 40 year old person I can say with a pretty high degree of confidence will live you know whatever somewhere between call it you know 30 to 50 more years or something like that now to me that's a pretty good test right I know I know I know I know I know a knowable measurable thing about them it's measurable I know in their birth date right and it predicts future life so do you think biological clocks will ever serve a purpose like that where I could take 250 year olds and one of them has a biological age of 40 and one of them has a biological age of 60 according to the clock and that those numbers will actually be better at predicting future life than their chronological age of 50 or do you put yourself in the camp that says no Peter that's a ridiculous standard that no biological clock could ever come to but it might tell me about their health it might be yet another biomarker that says hey the guy at 40 is just healthier than the guy at 60 and somehow by the way it's picking that signal out of a data field that I can't pick out anywhere else because they otherwise look identical we measured this recently because we collaborators of mine at in U.S. and beyond grubber and function and I had this small role in this project they decided the functions of a geriatrician he sees people all the time frustrated you know what can the geriatricians have limited things they can do they're seeing people that are already have multi morbidity and you know the clocks are not that useful and so he's wanted to like how do we create a reliable clock that a doctor can understand and so we for what purpose for um biological age I'll tell you what I think the purpose is for a minute okay um and this build so their first generation and second generation clocks the first generation clocks try to predict your chronological age and the second one's predict some outcome so the question is we want to predict mortality we know and predict your chronological age so intrinsically if it works it's going to do better than the chronological age for the second generation clocks um so we took in hands you know data collected around 1999 2000 mortality data for 200 months and we just and and these parameters are nice and because you can actually do a consumer test of HBA one-see you know there are many labs that do that it's reproducible to a large extent much better than DNA methylation and doctors use all these parameters so the things that are in hands like LDL you know all the things in your book and I'm a Tory markers you know medical tests you know some some cognitive self-reported stuff so he's like everything is a feature and use AI linear model to try to predict mortality um and they're on the second generation of this clock now and it predicts mortality better than any other parameter in in hands it's way better than S.C.V.D. the cardiovascular disease measurement um and so recently the methylation data came out on in hands and so we could go back and compare the mortality prediction for methylation clocks some of the first generation clocks are worse than chronological age your passport is better than are predicting mortality which to me means that they're not useful because you know even if they're not designed to predict mortality if they don't capture some element of that what are they measuring you know the second generation clocks like Grim age and pheno age they do better jobs and chronological age for sure at predicting mortality yeah and it's just to be clear we've captured that out of the end-hanes database that's from in hands that's the only thing we've looked at right now okay let me make sure I understand that by death you had 200 months yeah a forward-looking data so anyway you've got 18 years of data and um you're saying we if we know the methylation of somebody at that time in the cohort 1999 to 2000 we could predict their date of death better than the actuarial data of the rage yeah okay I wasn't aware of that well it's just I'm not I don't think it's even it's been accepted for public history okay I'm not sure it's online yet okay it's not you're that's very interesting okay yeah that's because that so that basically answers a question that I've never seen answer yeah but our clinical chemistry clock does better than that those okay and and what is included in that clinical clock and what they're about 50 parameters that we measure now but see complete blood count gives you about 30 of those parameters so it's not as elaborate as you think it would yeah yeah I know I'm well and then you know it's a lot of standard markers that you are so you're probably measure also that I guess that was going to be my question yeah is it's about 300 dollars in Singapore if you did it all to know of it but anybody going to a doctor's office has most of those parameters measured anyway and if they're going to you know a wellness longevity centered all of them are probably of course yeah and so the the question I suppose is this if you're met life you already like you are better at predicting mortality than anybody on the planet I I don't know if it's met life by the way but like pick the best life insurance company yeah like this is their business yeah they're so good at predicting mortality it's frightening yeah so yeah I don't know how they're doing that so I can't come in and nobody does right yeah my point is they're looking at age yeah they're looking at a whole bunch of things in your medical history yeah they're looking at a whole bunch of blood tests your blood pressure your weight your waist your circumference all those things and they're coming up with an exceptional prediction of remaining years on life the real question is do you believe that they will incorporate a second generation uh and you know to clock or do you believe that they've already got that captured in their data set they may I don't know that's an unanswerable question I bet again I were focusing on the clinical chemistry anyway we're not doing any methylation yep so and what we're finding is hospitals want to use this now big clinical chemistry or methylation clinical chemistry and I think it's because it resonates you know when you when you show them the list of parameters yep a doctor doesn't have to be an expert in epigenetics to figure out what's going on and the other thing is it all actionable so we have principal components that we can break it down and we can see smoking in one component and we can see metabolic disease in another one and obesity and another one and we find cases we find it's up you conclusions from this are really interesting one is we find cases where nothing's out of the reference range okay so a doctor that's looking at things especially if they have a few minutes to look at they're not going to prescribe anything for this person yeah but these four parameters in this principal component are increasing you know they're they're biologic age by four years which means it's increasing there it's 50% increase in mortality risk so that these are actionable things you know you can treat LDL you can treat high blood pressure you can treat these markers right and so clinicians are actually willing to then be a little bit more aggressive and try to prescribe something or lifestyle modification there's something to treat these markers so yeah exactly that makes sense the reason that you prefer this is it doesn't just give you an answer it gives you a solution yeah that's what we're working toward and and so we're the other thing we did is we broke and hands down really interesting so you can in hands also has all the medications people are taking but the the weakness of it is a snapshot it's a cross-sectional measurement of all these things but they measured a lot of stuff and so we could look at what our people's clinical parameters out of the reference ranges should they be being prescribed some drug and they're not being given it and that goes up to about 20% and when you're 65 years old and then year 2000 in the US meaning 25% of people should be giving treated for something but they're not being treated those people have a higher biological age and pastoral mortality not surprising there's also the group that has everything every at 65 every clinical parameter looks good and they have a lower biological age they live longer but you can break that group down and you can say one group is not taking any medication and the other group is taking medication it's just their clinical parameters are managed well the people taking the medication have a lower biological education live longer and it doesn't really matter what the medication is you know it's true for the major medications you would give for metabolic and cardiovascular disease in the year 2000 so I think that's suggests that being more aggressive and getting people optimized earlier is better than just being on pretty healthy and my blood pressure is a little bit high but I don't need to take you know and so it's suggesting we need to be more aggressive I think the other thing is that it's suggesting that these drugs that were around in 2000 for these treating preconditions are actually aging drugs they're actually it's one of the last classes that we see the most common lipid and hypertension hypertension metabolic metmettmett form and it's a standard things and so do you think metformin will have zero protective properties in people who are metabolically healthy skeptical but I think what it is saying is that if you catch preconditions early enough you keep protect against the other failure states a little bit too so it's so you're more optimistic that wrap a mice and would be zero protective in humans than metformin yeah that would be my do you think there is a drug out there that you think is more likely to be zero protective in humans than rapamison at this time well the the GLP drugs and STLT2 I think are interesting I don't think how good day I'm right now but it's definitely again I don't know in people that are yeah if you're a beast I need yeah let me rest a question if we if we just took a population a middle aged healthy individuals yeah and we we could design an experiment where you had the placebo arm the metformin arm the rapamison arm the STLT2 inhibitor arm and the GLP one agonist arm what is your prediction in length of life or additional years of life given in that the six arm study or whatever it is I think the last three would be comparable metformin arm skeptical of so rapa STLT2 GLP one yeah I just I and we don't have data and healthy people that much with STLT2 and GLP one I mean so mechanism of action is what if these if the if the GLP one group and the STLT2 group are metabolically healthy they don't have glucose excursions that are high they're you know they're yeah I'm so what do you believe is the mechanism of action I guess you know if it I think I guess I'm going by a different statement which is most people were calling healthy or not totally metabolically healthy and so in those cases I think there would be a benefit but then I guess I know in the perfectly optimized person whether there'd be a benefit and I every time I talk to a doctor I ask them are you losing more lean muscle mass with these drugs then you are just by fasting or or lifestyle and I get if I ask 10 doctors I get 10 answers so I don't know what they I don't know what the answer to that question is but I think the reason that at least is a thought experiment it's an interesting question is because if the GLP one agonist and STLT2 inhibitors only work if you have some degree yeah of glucose yeah irregularity yeah then it begs the question well it says look glucose homeostasis is one of the most important features of living great yeah but if you could correct that with diet sleep and exercise which you can yeah I agree it's hard but you it could be done yeah then those things aren't going after fundamental pillars of aging because people who eat well who exercise well and sleep well still age yeah it's going it's answering you know matinee debate this all the time about you know and we did it we published a study in mice recently where we analyzed all the data that's out there in mice and and we tried to determine you know where's reality on interventions that extend lifespan in mice because if the short live if the control mice are really short lived which happens a lot why is that it's just really hard to control I mean if you look at the ITP data the control mice are all over the board and they're very well controlled best scientist doing the experiment we see a lot of variation too I just think it's there are some cases they're bad by variums and that make causes of problem but even in good by variums I don't know that's true in every organism in yeast in worms one cohort of worms will all live a little bit shorter one cohort of worms will live a little bit longer it's cohort dependent but I don't know why but anyway if the if the mice are short lived if your extension is there all you can say is it's longevity normalizing you don't know that it's slowing aging it's only when the controls are really long lived and you're getting extension that you can really make the argument it's longevity extending and so that gets to your question the real answer though is dependent on how many people you believe that are optimized right now because it's very this study yeah I don't know of course it it it it is a normalizing works in this population trust me with least for help for for keeping people healthy but whether it's really slowing aging is it as an open question I think I think the best case would be wrap a mice in there yeah and and then of course it begs the question which is could these effects be additive right so so would there be a benefit to a person who is on balance quite healthy but let's say they're they're having a one-see if it is indeed an accurate representation of their average glucose is 5.4 percent so I don't know exactly what that translates to it probably translates to an average blood glucose of 110 or so milligrams per decelerator but the data the data that show based on hemoglobin A1 see that lower is always better so 5.0 is better than 5.4 even though 5.4 is deemed completely healthy and that's that's all cause mortality data so we're saying we take a person who's at 5.4 they're not even pre-diabetic they can't even they can barely see where pre-diabetic starts let alone diabetic but we give them an sglt2 inhibitor they come from at 5.4 can I can I can volunteer for this there you go so you go from 5.4 down to 5.1 just on the basis of that we throw a glp one agonist on top of that now you're at 4.9 then we give you rap a mice and which really doesn't impact your glucose but we think it's going to do something a little bit different you would say in that situation you might believe that there's some actual general protection that not adding that formula I don't want to lose muscle mass though and which of those drugs would you be most afraid of the glp one agonist or rap a glp one agonist okay I I think lean muscle mass is like super important it's probably better to have high lean muscle mass and be a little bit more fat than it is to be low on both as my best guess now what do you make of the data that I talk about all the time which look at the hazard ratios for mortality based on high VO2 max and high muscle mass and high strength and how those three things stand out so far above anything else meaning like when you look at hazard ratios associated with smoking type 2 diabetes even cancer they are not as lethal as being incredibly weak incredibly low in muscle mass and incredibly low in fitness and do you how much causality do you think is there versus how much of that is just those are just such good markers of health I think there's causality there I think it's super important but it may only be important for squaring the curve I don't think there's much evidence that maximum lifespan is extended by these things and we don't have the human data of course the animal data can't do the experiment the animal data is pretty much with exercise is just square the curve again that's I agree with you it's a revolution if we can do that I'm not I'm not being negative about it but I don't know about maximum lifespan whether there be an effect or not but I believe it's so much that I put a lot of effort in increasing my lean mass you know and so that's why I started resistance training because I wasn't getting as much from running I get I get more mindfulness from running yeah you know I get but I did a lot more resistance training too so yeah I typically will tell patients that you should really think of exercise yeah I do actually think it's it's reducing your risk of chronic disease but then you still get into the whack-a-mole game if it lowers your risk of Alzheimer's disease it might not have much of an impact on cancer risk it's unclear but if it didn't if it lowered your life expectancy by six months it would still be worth it based on the health span benefits that you get and the quality of life that you would enjoy especially in that final decade of life probably let me come back to one point because I'm a bit of a rant about this combining interventions you know first of all I will say two things before I say what I'm going to say one is that I believe we need to empower people to make decisions on their own health and so I support hackers if they want to you know educate themselves and try different things and they know what the benefits and risk might be and what we know and we don't know more power to I feel like part of the reasons we get such low compliance and medications is that we don't empower people we don't give them choices they don't know why they're doing things we just tell them what to do and people don't respond well to that so having said that I can't pick three interventions that work well together I know in a mouse you know and we do these studies all the time the thing they're more likely to cancel each other out than to have additive effects and so if you're mixing 20 colors of our taking 20 pills it's like mixing 20 colors of paint together you're going to get some ugly gray outcome or it best you're going to get an unknown outcome that we can't predict so I'm really cautious and want to tell people that you know there are a lot of people out there promoting doing a million different things at the same time I try one or two things at the same time and I try to see how my body responds I measure things measure even simple measures are useful and I think that if you're doing 10 things you don't have any idea what's working and what's not working and whether things might be impairing each other and I really think that's a scary path to go down. Now what about for example how are you deciding to use the Alfakita Glutorate and the NAD if I mean because you've seen at least some evidence that each of those individually wants I've been using the the regimen with the AKG for a long time because I was involved in the research you know I'm actually in the board of the company I it's something I've done and I've just taken for years and I add one thing to it and take it away so I've tried as to Santa and I've tried Fokoid and I've tried rap a mice and I've tried a bunch of other things too so and I try to measure before and after I'm getting better at that when I first started doing it wasn't measuring that much but and so that that's the approach I take but I never take like six things at one time and it's kind of intuitive it's something's interesting to me you see an effect on the mice that I want to try it so like I want to do your a little bit and an astasat the next and if you had significantly more resources right so let's say you had a budget that is what what is your current budget this year for both animal and human research? It's complicating as the multiple streams I would say we probably spend about 4 million a year okay so if that number were multiplied by 10 or 20 yeah like if you had a 125 you had a hundred million dollar annual budget to do world changing translational zero science what would you be doing different I think the scale would be one we just can't when you do a combination in mice you've got four groups yeah and I think we if we had more money we could design sort of multifactural clinical studies and pre-clinical studies where we're testing many compounds at the same time we're sort of doing nested groups you know and and we could get a indication for things that actually could be additive together not just things that are working on their own right now we struggle to get to that next step for finances and we could apply those to human studies and combine it with lifestyle interventions too the other thing we really believe is that when you have a compound like you're a lithium you're never going to really know what to combine it with unless you know what the compound's doing so we do a lot of discovery stuff now trying to figure out not what pathway if you take a drug like rapomites and it affects every homework that doesn't tell you the primary thing the drug is doing in this case we know it binds to our your lithium we don't know so we need to know what that molecule's binding to in the cell and if we understand the mechanism at that level we can combine it better with other interventions and start to understand how to put the puzzle together of what we need to combine to get the biggest effect do you have enough human resources to deploy that kind of capital if it were available it would take a center to do it but yeah we could build it and in Singapore is very motivated by the way I have to give the government credit they've understood the aging problem before almost anybody it's taken them a long time to really figure out what to do about it and you know so they went through kind of early stages of putting roofs on sidewalk so people walk in extra hundred steps in the hot sun you know it sort of helps but you know but now I think they're really motivated to commit to targeting hellspan which you know if they do it's the right place to be because it's a small island it's a compliant population they believe in the population it's 5 million and then one extra one million workers and 5 million people that live there permanently I think that it's a good place to really take studies not just in the clinic but move them into the community and actually get validation and large populations and that's why I like being in Singapore I think the opportunities there to make it an example for how to do hellspan it's already very long live by the way so you know it's among the top three in the world depending on what statistics you want but the hellspan that people still have morbidity there they still have 10 12 years of sickness and decline if you there's a lot of frailty there you can see that just walking around so there's room for improvement for sure how will AI help in this field do you do you think it will allow for more intelligent experiments will it allow for better signal detection in messy data like I mean how do we unleash AI or is it not already for the clocks and signal detection we're using it to pick drugs now where we just publish the paper with Garrett full-end in Germany where we're trying to improve how to ask large language models question the medical questions related to longevity you know I talked a lot of doctors and they said they shouldn't be asking perplexity these questions and I'm like I'm a realist you know people are asking so this figure out how to get them the questions asked you know right way to get the right thing more in terms of the research yeah just giving you yeah I think that I think what's going to happen next is AI is going to start telling us what questions to ask right now it's telling me how to analyze our data yeah it's still not very good at telling us what the next question is and I think that that's the that's the sort of the thought we get it there how do we how what yeah I mean this is a very difficult question it's not one that I'm qualified to answer but I think that the question is the trajectory that it's on now is amazing is there a barrier to go to that next step or is it just a matter of getting computational power and slightly modifying neural network algorithms or something I don't know the answer to that but I do think there's a reasonable chance of that that I'm not going to be needed in 10 years I think about this question a lot when it comes to experimental topics because I still don't have a good enough sense of what the how many training cases and AI needs to learn this like we know for language what it took yeah we understand how many tokens were needed to to to to allow the neural networks to do what they do today and it was enormous yeah so there are some problems that might require far less input yep you might be able to do it with 10,000 hours of data yeah as opposed to billions of hours of data yeah so to me I think it's that's the question more than anything else yeah I have I was wondering if you had a point of view on the answer yeah I don't really know I all I know is half my lab is doing it now so it's a I never would have guessed that five years I mean they're trying to use AI to help them ask experimental questions yeah or interpret data you know just okay the latter I can other day yeah it we've become half dry lab which I never would have guessed in my lab so it's a meaning that half the people just sit at computers and you know aren't doing experiments animals yeah so what are you most excited about trying to uncover truth or high probability of truth in the next five years I think experimentally at least pre-clinically we want to find interventions that really combine together to have synergistic impacts I don't think there's much out there there's a mice and a metpharmand and a couple other things from the ITP but they're small effects can we break through a barrier and get 50 60% effects in mice by combining things together I think that's what pre-clinically we're excited about and the other thing I'm excited about is going back to this entropy question are there new classes of interventions that change that primary linear accumulation of quote unquote damage I'm also really excited now I'm working with longevity clinics in various countries and so we're applying the clock we bill we're also helping them try to decide which interventions to do and how hopefully collect data so it can be analyzed because I think there's so much going on I tell this joke all the time at getting scared to tell it more but you know it used to be that yeast in worms and flies were the model organisms for aging research and now billionaires are the model organisms because they're doing all kinds of stuff I can't even and I'm really curious to see what's happening some of it I guess might work some of it I guess might not work but we can't find out in the other way and I don't want to see these clinics working and in isolation and nobody's ever at least learning what's coming out of the data even if it's not perfect so I'm excited to work with these clinics and go see what they're doing right now that's maybe not the answer to your question but there's a lot of cutting edge stuff going on and I will pretty much work with people if they're doing something I consider safe and if they're honest about the data on efficacy those are the two things I ask transparency and safety and then I'm happy to like try to interact what are you seeing that you're worried about what trends do you see that people are doing from a biohacking longevity standpoint that that have you concerned either and I'll put this in two buckets the higher bucket would be safety the second bucket would be predatory behavior around basically people getting you know having having their money wasted even if the agents that are being sold are not necessarily harmful yeah I think the first one I'm excited about gene therapy don't get me wrong I think it's interesting and it may really change the field going forward I even kind of like follow-statt but I'm follow-statt and as a protein yeah yeah but I think that those treatments are not very well proven yet and I would not do I ask the question what I you have sold 100 thousand dollars for follow-statt and gene therapy I probably don't have to spend the money and I still have a dud at so I've done MSC's though yeah I've the to try that and I think you know stem cells it's a it's a different question there I think if you're repairing soft tissue damage or something like that and injecting them directly probably works um for aging I have no idea but I think it's probably safe if you have somebody that's a good practitioner that knows what they're doing but I think there's a lot of this a problem with stem cells you go places and you really don't know who you're working with and you know if they're really treating the cells correctly if you're putting the right things in your system and so there's a safety concern they're based on the practitioner I think and so those are things that concern me I I haven't gotten totally on board with growth hormone yet I mean I think probably use correctly might be okay the data is interesting are you aware of human data that and I'm in your camp by the way which is actually had a bunch of friends over for dinner last night and this came up and yeah I was sort of uh I said look I I can't point to a study that tells you this is this is a bad idea and I've never spoken to a person who takes a modest judicious dose of growth hormone who doesn't tell me they feel that right so it's hard to believe it's not making people feel better um I also have never seen data to suggest it initiates yeah but it seems very biologically plausible that if you have cancer small amounts of cancer yeah your probability that this becomes clinically significant is higher in that case yeah again I say that with no data yeah me and so yeah my view has just been despite my own interest in trying things I I've I've left the growth hormone one off the list um is that an answerable question do you think yeah I think we could do clinical studies you know and some are being done with the rest of the safety of the concern right because you you really need to be able to try to track people for quite a long period of time so problem with the cancer is inevitable and all of these things right we we don't know what the long term yeah and and I guess you know it's a great area that you know this is a weird thing with these clinics right because you know you there's I think from what I read in your book you're you're doing sort of validated stuff you're you're you're not really out there in the stratosphere doing crazy stuff that we don't know about some of that I would like to think I'm not but I'll tell you there are people who are very critical of my use of rap a myson in in patients for for georeprotective reasons there are people who might think I'm crazy for giving people SGLT to inhibitors who don't have diabetes so yeah so I think there's things that we do not not for all of our patients and I again I fewer than 10% of our patients take rap a myson because my view is unless you're willing to have a very lengthy discussion about the pros the cons the risks the uncertainties and I don't give people an answer that says oh this is the stuff's amazing my answer is I don't know yeah here's how I think about it probabilistically here are the trade-offs and again after after you can tell I'm not a good salesman if only 10% of the patients are taking it look I think that's perfectly reasonable but there's they're cutting stewing some really out there stuff yeah and how do we know the long-term safety on it we just yeah I think I think if you're gonna go do that stuff you need to go in with your eyes open you're you're taking a risk I've just seen so many horror stories of people that have come back from parts of the because you can't do this a lot of the stuff you can't even do in the United States so they're coming back from South America Mexico places in Asia having done fallest at therapy or other sort of very questionable stem cell therapies and I mean people that have had horrible infections like literally just artifacts of the treatment never lots of practitioner problem with this yeah exactly yeah yeah but you know some great stuff happening to I work with Brumran grad hospital in Thailand and they've got a longevity clinic now and they're very grounded in good science and so yeah but the problem is if you're a consumer for these products it's really hard to know you know so how someone listening to us who's saying guys can you give me give me some rules of thumb some heristics for navigating the never never ending landscape of of longevity hacks that keep you know showing up on my Instagram feed my TikTok feed and at cocktail parties yeah I mean that could be that could be diet books and not just going to clinics in the around the world I think it's really difficult to sort that out and because it's the but there's what I was gonna say is it's it's clinical practice and research at the same time it's a very unique situation right and and there aren't many examples of that that I know of that are really maybe some functional medicine is a little bit like that too but it's uh it's interesting and and I feel like it's better for scientists to engage with you know where it's possible to engage with these clinics and try to help them then it is to just let people do things and you know and without if you can provide oversight that's helpful you should be doing it then so that's kind of how I feel about it but it's a a lot of a lot of academics don't even want to work with these clinics at all too so and and so I get criticized for working with them sometimes so it's it's it's an interesting world right now well there are a lot of things we talked about today Brian that I can't wait to follow up on myself so I'm really looking forward to the Enghane's second gen lock paper that'll be interesting again my personal curiosity there will be is that clock providing value overall the other day we have my intuition is it won't but the fact that we now at least have a clock that can outperform biological age are part of me chronologic age is a step in the right direction I'm gonna be very interesting to see some of the data that you've talked about as far as Alfaqidic ludorate you've also peaked my curiosity with the sublingual LADM sorry and so that's that's really interesting have you been able to measure NAD levels in your RBCs I have that myself there have been some studies done on that exact supplement yes I I don't think you think anything is published is done by the company but okay and I do like this idea of taking ITP winners and combining them and seeing if we can get I mean if you could get a creative value I mean that would be remarkable but even if you could just get additive benefit would be pretty amazing yeah yeah I think so too right now I think that's still a hang up for the field well this was super interesting Brian I um I I really appreciate making the time to come out here I know that being on a plane for that long is not always fun but that's where I live anyway so it's Thanks a lot