I talk about these things called the fore-oursemen. The four things that are basically coming for us all. I really should have added a fifth-horseman, and that is immune health. Thank you for bringing this up. There are two organs that are rate-limiting in terms of your aging, and it's a central nervous system, and the immune system. What is our strategy for mitigating immune decline? The proof is in a putt-it-putting, in a way that we know exercising, and a combination of exercise is the best anti-aging intervention we have turned over to where you wanted to around metabolism. What is it about metabolism that is really so important? I'm convinced that it is fuel utilization. I think ketones are probably the cleanest fuel to burn, in terms of, again, byproducts oxidative stress. You're going to put more GLP1 in the system. You're going to overcome the resistance at the beta cell. You make more insulin, you now have better glucose control. Everybody wins. I just wanted to really experiment for myself to try to see, okay, what is this job really doing? It's been nothing short of remarkable, I think. How could it be that supplementing NAD does not lead to a longer, better life or some health benefit? Hey everyone, welcome to the Drive podcast. I'm your host, Peter Atia. Eric, thank you so much for coming to Austin. I know it wasn't just to talk to me. I know that the half of it was getting you to drive on the track at Kota, tomorrow with me, so we're going to have some fun there. My pleasure. But as much as I think the two of us could sit here and talk about race cars for the next three hours, I don't think the audience would appreciate it or care for it as much as they will care for what we will talk about, which is your work in neuroscience. So maybe give folks a little bit of a sense of what attracted you to this field and how you're journeying background to brought you where you are. It's a bit of a serendipitous type of story in a way that I'm an MD by training from Belgium. Did my last year of medical school at Harvard and this just sort of opened my eyes to a whole world. I was the first person and my family to go to college, so this was ending up at Harvard with some of the best teachers. Some of the best students was just mind-blowing. I went to medical school wanting to do research. There was never had that sort of a doctor fiber, I call it, so I really wanted to actually do research. So after this finished medical school and came back for the regular postdoc at the Charleston Clinic working on diabetes and metabolism. This is where the story gets so critical. Ended up becoming interested in the reason for the etiology of type 1 diabetes and worked on viruses and autoimmunity. This eventually led me to mostly a career in neurology which confuses people. So I spent many years working on a variety of viruses including HIV and herpes viruses and so on. And through that work we ended up cloning a family of protein called the some of the first epigenetic regulators, the H-dax. And the H-dax at the time that there was 1996 we were responsible for the cloning of a whole family of these epigenetic regulators ended up being important in aging and starting in around 1995, 1996 my lab slowly shifted towards the study of aging. And to this point today actually I only have one last postdoc in the lab who's working on HIV. The whole lab is actually focused on epigenetics, immunology and metabolism so that the interface between these variables. So in some way it's the beauty of an academic career which I've just followed my interest and sometimes followed the money a little bit in terms of funding. Yeah. And now I mean I had another additional responsibility which is to lead the back Institute for research on aging so I split my time between the lab and some more leadership type of activities. You mentioned two things there, metabolism and immunology. Talk a little bit more about how each of those individually contributes to aging. I think most people will intuitively understand it but but talk maybe a little deeper about it. Well first immunology is central to aging in many respects. One of the, and I hope we can talk, you get to talk about this later. There is data showing that there are two organs that are rate limiting in terms of your aging and its essential nervous system and the immune system. And the reason for this is actually one could have predicted this based on the fact that both organs are distributed organs. If you think of the immune system it's located in pretty much throughout the whole organism. And so its activity can influence the well-being or the functioning of every single organ. The same goes for the central nervous system and there's recent study coming out actually from the lab of Tony Whiskeray showing that those biomarkers that measure aging in those organs appears to be the most predictive of your lifespan. There's also incredible data showing that if you induce a specific lesion in the immune system. For example, in my small role, if you you knock out ERCC1, the inadamage, repair only in the bone marrow so that the whole immune system is affected. You actually induce, etc. in aging in the whole organism and synescence in every single organ. So there's the immune system in what model? It's been done in two different models in mice. So there's been done with the ERCC1 mutation. It's also been done by knocking down the major trans-team-fam, the major transcription factor from mitochondria. So if you induce mitochondrial dysfunction only in the immune system, you induce secondary synescence in the whole organism. You think that would be true in mammals or in humans? That's always a million dollar question. In some way, it's been shown in two different models in mice. B6 which I don't remember the exact strain of the mouse, but there's no reason why it should be different, frankly. And it speaks to the importance of the immune system. The second way for the immune system is through chronic inflammation, which is tied, caused and effect in the whole aging process. Now, and we can talk about this later as well. I find it fascinating, you know, the whole idea of chronic inflammation, which is induced by the aging process, but which itself actually further accelerates aging. So there's really a lot of work that's being conducted in this area. The other one that you were asking is metabolism. I think is... Can I ask you a question before we go? Yeah. That's a very interesting idea that two organ systems that are going to be rate limiting in age are the central nervous system and the immune system, both at which are distributed. Where would you put the endothelium in that list as well? Right? The endothelium is also quite distributed across the organism. And do you think that there's an inevitability to basically endothelial damage as a process of aging, which of course results in the leading cause of death, the theathristalorotic diseases? Would you think of it the same way or do you think of it as different? It's not sort of defined as an organ by itself. It's a cell type, but I agree with you has incredible importance. And especially as it affects the, you know, the heart and cardiovascular system and the brain. And the brain. But I think of it as not so much as an organ but more as a sort of a principle that maintenance of barrier function. Yeah. And not only in the endothelium, but also in the skin, in the blood-brand barrier, our emerging as key areas to focus on if you want to maximize your longevity. Yeah. I want to come back to this in great detail Eric, but let's for the sake of summary and synthesis, turn over to where you wanted to around metabolism. So metabolism is essential to life expectancy if you look at and for a number of reasons. And one of them I'm convinced even though that theory has been somewhat discredited the whole oxidative stress theory of aging, I still think oxygen is one of the major problems associated with the aging process. You know, we have not been able to target the oxidative stress using antioxidant that has failed. It doesn't mean that the whole oxidative stress theory of aging is not valuable. I think living in an oxidative environment is really, you know, is one of the mechanisms that leads to aging. Not the only one aging is playomorphic. But just to make sure folks understand what you're saying Eric, you're saying that the generation of free radicals through oxygen. So I don't know how technical we want to get for people, but I think unfortunately we might need to get a little more technical and apologies to those who don't want to go this deep. But we have to talk about kind of what the role of the electrons are in oxygen and why free radicals form and what they do. So maybe we do go a little deeper here and explain what you're saying because it's a very important concept and I think we should probe it. Well, I don't know how how much I mean, maybe you do a better job at explaining this in the in for the late late person. I mean, oxidative stress is a fact that pretty much the main metabolic reaction are dependent on oxygen, which gives its electron. It's in the so-called respiratory chain. There is leakage in of these electrons that are traveling down in respiratory chain. Leakage at a specific place is, you know, if the process was 100% efficient, the whole energy would be transferred from metabolites such as glucose and so on. But it turns out the mechanism is actually leaky. These electrons reacting with oxygen can generate these by products called radical oxygen species, which are highly reactive. Right. So they're not chemically stable the way we think of a normal atom of oxygen. No. And so they tend to react with proteins, with fatty acid and the induced lesions. And we have a whole, I mean, the importance of this system in terms of our protection against it is highlighted by the number of molecular system that we have that are actually protecting against this. And we know that as we age, that leakage increases. Exactly. Something about the integrity of the mitochondria and the respiratory electron transport chain degrades as we age. And therefore we see more and more of this leakage. Yeah. Yes. Absolutely. And so out of this game, the whole idea, well, let's just suppress oxidative stress. And, you know, there are chemicals, even some as simple as vitamin E, vitamin C that you could imagine that by chemical knowledge would be predictive to be able to quench these radical oxygen species. And so the number of the idea, sorry, to just keep interrupting you, but we'll play off to each other to do this. Yes. So you eat, for example, an antioxidant. And as you said, it neutralizes that reactive oxygen species with its unstable electrons kind of like you would throw a blanket on a fire that's simmering. Exactly. And that was the hope. So one of the theory was proposed. A whole industry actually grew up out of this, the whole antioxidant. And the antioxidant diet and the, you know, the vitamin ends and so on. You can still, by the way, that that whole industry is still existing to get us. Now, what happened is that when clinical trials were conducted in this area, they failed. And so, you know, people who think relatively simply decided, well, the antioxidant failed, therefore, the theory has no validity. And I would say not so fast because it turns out that these radical oxygen species also have important roles. They actually are inducing an inflammatory response, which can be protective. And a good example is during exercise. There is some evidence of activation of oxidative stress during exercise. And if you, you know, neutered this, for example, with anti-inflammatory, you probably remember the data showing that anti-inflammatory drug tend to sort of suppress some of the beneficial effects of exercise. It's the same, same whole idea. And so this is one case in which these radical oxygen species can have a protective role. And actually a signaling role. So when you suppress it completely with these sort of global, non-specific antioxidant, essentially you're not only killing the bad guys, but you also suppressing an important signaling mechanism. There's another hypothesis that I would offer, which is, is it possible that there's still a net negative to the free radicals. So there might be some benefits but more negatives. But it could be that the trials were using agents that were simply ineffective because the problem is we don't have a great biomarker for the state of free radicals. So it's sort of like saying, I have a hypothesis that this biological process is bad. I can't measure it really, but I think it's bad. I have a drug that I think will tamp it down. Let's give the drug the trial failed. Well, do you actually know if it tamped the thing down? Like, so we don't even know if we tested the hypothesis correctly. And so those would be kind of too distinct plausibilities. I completely agree. And it's quite often the case. I mean, the whole story of vitamin D is a good example. Absolutely. Where people will tell you, you know, vitamin D doesn't work because they conduct clinical trials, but they didn't, you know, fix it in just the dose, they didn't measure the levels. So it's a bit the same story. They are markers that you can actually do use in research environment like five hydroxinoneinol or protein carbonulation, which are indirect markers of lipids or protein oxidation. And how efficacious or beneficial, or, I guess the word is maybe, how complete are they in the scope of understanding and have we demonstrated that mega doses of vitamin E or vitamin C will indeed suppress those markers in humans? They're not great. They're not great. I had a colleague at the Buckingham Institute, Martin Brand, who is one of the leaders of a whole mitochondrial bio, a philical bio energetics, which is the study of how the respiratory chain and energy metabolism happens in mitochondria. And he came up with the idea that he identified many of the sites where these unique radical oxygen species are generated. And he was able to generate specific inhibitors for each of the sites. And was able to show that actually, inhibition at some sites was beneficial while inhibition at other sites was not beneficial. And so this project was actually supported by a farmer company, which eventually decided to drop the program. And he's retired, which I think is a great loss because of it, it is a whole program that needs that still needs to be pursued. So if I'm understanding what you said correctly, Eric, sounds like there's a much more nuanced view. It's not that free radicals are bad, and it's not that free radicals are good. It's like everything in biology. It's the Goldilocks rule. You might need more of it during this circumstance in this part of the body. You might need less of it in this circumstance at this totally different part of the body. And as a result, any strategy that would try to globally suppress it could even if successful in doing it, which we haven't been able to measure, might actually not yield to a favorable outcome. Totally correct. Totally correct. I had frustrated by these types of the way that people sort of love to oversimplify or sort of erase whole fields. I suspect we will get to talk about certitudes, because the same thing has happened in the certitudes. There's a lot of amazing work done, and then a few negative results or things not working out. Any de-metabolism, same thing. And I always tell people, once you get into any field of study and you go deep and you start testing in humans, put on your seed belt, because it's not easy. And there are no magic bullets, but I think stopping the study and saying to whole field is as pretty for me, not the way to go. We got to keep dig deeper. And eventually, we'll get to that. So tell me what else within Metabolism you think is kind of a hallmark of aging. So we obviously talked about the central part of Metabolism, which is respiration and ATP generation and the leakage that occurs there. And basically, unfortunately, that just appears to be inevitable. Yes. But we will never stop the oxygen in our environment. So yeah. I do like to tell my patients that this is why I kind of harp on them to do a lot of zone to cardiovascular training. So zone two very specifically by definition, is the canonical exercise you would do to maximize fat oxidation, which of course implies the most efficient use of the mitochondria. And the hypothesis, because I don't think we know, we don't have proof of this, but the hypothesis is training at that level for specific periods of time throughout the week is a way to improve the health and function of your mitochondria, which would hopefully imply that you're reducing that degradation of function. Do you think there's validity to that, at least, you know, first order logic? Yeah. I mean, the proof is an a pudding in a way that we know exercising and a combination of exercise is the best anti-aging intervention we have. Do you think part of it is through that exact mechanism? Yeah. I mean, that's been my hypothesis, but again, we can't fully glean that in any human clinical trial. No, hard to study. And I think, you know, your point allows me to sort of address your question. What is it about metabolism that really is so important? I think I'm convinced that it is fuel utilization. And you mentioned, you know, fatty oxidation versus glycolysis and I'll add ketosis to this. I think if you think about your metabolism is able to oxidize a number of different substrates. amino acids, fatty acids, glucose and ketones. And lactate. And lactate. Yeah. And every one of those actually burns with different efficiency. Both being car efficient at, I think your audience probably knows also that, you know, there's different to burn diesel to burn 100 octane gas. And, you know, if you look at that hierarchy, I think ketones are probably the cleanest fuel to burn in terms of, again, byproducts oxidative stress. They seem to be really unique. Yeah. How would you rank order from cleanest to dirtiest inclusive of lactate? Lactate, I would not be able to put it. I think it's part of clean. Yeah. I think my intuition is it is of all. Yeah. But it would be the top would be beta hydroxybutary. beta hydroxybutary acetylacetate is present such low abundance. It's probably not relevant as a few fuel source. Then fatty acid next is versus actually glucose. And when you think about metabolism and managing for me, it goes to a lot of data that has emerged from the ITP, for example, intervention testing program. This rich Miller has been on cell phone. Yes. I watch your recent podcasts with a rich and others. One of the remarkable thing when you look at the drugs that have a seven or whatever ten drugs that have emerged out of 80, they are really targeting glucose metabolism. And very via completely different mechanism. Think about a carbo's, which is blocking absorption of glucose. Think about the can I take a closer. And which is targeting a protein as nothing to do links to protein glucose reabsorption in the kidney. Think about metformin, which is a metformin failed. Yeah. It failed, but it seems to be having very powerful effect in terms of, it failed unless it was paired with rap a mice. Yes. And in monkeys, there's a study coming out that showed that actually had an effect on lifespan. So, do you think rap a mice and has any impact on glucose metabolism favorably? Generally, actually, this is, the rope on mice in the Zyops, the exception to this because it seems to have some, it's not indifferent. It has been claimed to be having an effect on insulin sensitivity. Although I'm not clear if that's true at the doses, but anyway, yeah, we can go back to that. I've taken rap a mice in. I have not seen any effect on my blood sugar. Now, so think about, you know, a carbo's kind of glyphosin metformin and now the GLP one-eyed genist, which I predict will emerge as geroprotectors in the future. So, I think that's really speaks to an important aspect which is fuel utilization and how, you know, whether you're burning a clean fuel, whether you're burning a dirty fuel. No, we've put, for example, mice on a pure fat diet. These mice never saw a carbohydrate during their life and they lived longer, which I thought was actually quite interesting. It is interesting, Eric, because a lot of the mouse literature, I think people don't read the fine print very closely and they don't notice that the typical thing you'll see is these mice were fat a high fat diet to induce obesity so that we could test, you know, drug ABC against obesity. But in those studies, it's not just a high fat diet, it's a high fat, high sugar diet, right? So, they're making some insanely hyper palatable, you know, the closest I can come up with is they're making a donut. It's a fried dough, sugar food and you know, so they're making basically donuts for these monkeys and that's different than saying it's a high fat thing. So, yeah, I think it's important to point out because you know, a high fat minus the sugar might not be the same issue, right? I agree. At least in that model. Yeah. So, what do you think it is about glucose metabolism that leads to this? Because for all intents and purposes, let's just go through the metabolic pathways, right? So, glucose six carbons, it gets broken down into pyruvate, you get your two pyruvates for one glucose, right? And then pyruvate can, it let's just assume we're doing this under aerobic conditions, so we're not in a rush. We're going to take those pyruvates, do they turn into a seedle coase? I can't even remember to then enter the... It's actually one pyruvate and that leads to enters the mitochondria and becomes acetal coase. So, what is it about that process that is not as efficient as when you are cleaving off carbons from a free fatty acid and those carbons are turning directly into, I think, just a straight acetyl co-a and then entering the crebs cycle. What is, it's a very subtle difference. Why is one so much more inefficient? You mean, why is there more calories per fatty acid? No, no, no, no, no, that can be explained by the every geometry. Why is one quote unquote dirtier? Oh, okay, yes, yes, yes. I think, obviously, this is a really complicated question. So, I don't know that I would be able to really tell you purely as fuels whether there is a difference. I think the biggest difference is in terms of the whole mechanism they list it. And when we think about glucose, I don't think necessarily of it if you were to study it in a tissue culture dish that one would be toxic than the other. I don't think there's any evidence for this, but glucose and particularly the form of glucose that we have not evolved to actually be exposed to, which is all the weed products, you know, this fast form of glucose um, elicits insulin secretion. And I think insulin and IGF1, but particularly insulin is the culprit and this will process. So you're not saying that one mole of glucose, one mole of free fatty acid, we know there's a difference in ATP generation, but you're not saying that there's a different assuming they're both going through the mitochondria. You're not saying there's a difference in free radical formation mole per mole. Or are you saying that's this way? There's another way to explain it, which is per mole of ATP, you need to run so much more glucose through that of course you're going to get more leakage. Well, the key difference is that the glucose is generating ATP, not only viacetylcoe and pyrophate, but is also generating ATP in the intracellular, an intracellular plasma components. The fatty acid do not generate that's only, so I suspect that there might be a difference in terms of the amount of free radical that are generated. There's evidence, but I would not be able to set you the paper that's one cleans, one burns clean, more cleanly than the other. And I suspect it's part of the cytoplasmic component of glucose. It's also less efficient in terms of the amount, of energy that's being generated, program of fatty acid, or pemole of fatty acid, but moal of glucose. And then going back to the insulin IGF component here, what role do you think they're playing? Critical. Because epidemiologically and through studies, we know that the insulin response to your glucose, so if you do a lot of sports, I tell, I'm not a proponent of the low carbohydrate or no carbohydrate diet because there's very little evidence that those diets are actually beneficial. You know, I give you the example of a ketogenic diet, which we did experimentally, but these are not practical diet for anyone. Just because of the challenge in avoiding carbohydrates in the standard world we live in? Yes. I would say, but socially, palatable, I mean, there's so many reasons. I went on a ketogenic diet. From what I remember, I think you went to... I did for three years. That was on a ketogenic diet, so we should compare notes. Because I wanted, I want to hear your experience and then I want to ask you a couple questions about it. It was very hard. How long did you do it? For a couple of years, and I did not feel super healthy, which is really kind of interesting. I found it sort of socially isolating. We've worked actually to remedy this on we can talk about this later on on a novel ketocut. I think ketone ester, right? Exactly. A bit of hydroxybuterate. So going back to the overall of insulin, there is a lot happening in terms of, you know, that's been documented that the intensity. First, your average glucose plays a role. This is measured by himoglobin A1C in a whole series of complication cardiovascular as you know. Perhaps more important is the intensity of your peaks. And I think, you know, the intensity of the peaks of insulin is a reflection of your glucose intake. The fast, fast absorbing glucose. And that has been from... That's the reason why we advocate advocate people to, you know, go on a CGM, continue to glucose monitor, and to really learn to understand what spikes them. The whole idea is to mitigate these peaks of insulin secretion. I'm just going to play this for all of our patients because we have this discussion with everyone of our patients. So it'll be nice to just play this video and let you do the talking. The whole idea there is to again, to mitigate these peaks. And either dietary, or, you know, for example, the GFP1 Igonists are playing a role in this part. Let's talk about this because there is at least for me a great deal of confusion around this point. Now, we understand today the role that the gut plays in metabolism. And we understand that a lot of it is transduced through GLP1. So endogenous production of GLP1 according to Ralph DeFranzo, the world's authority on this is what's driving 80% of beta-selectivity with respect to insulin. And therefore, when we have GLP, when we have insulin resistance, we can't, the GLP1 we're making is insufficient to generate the insulin that's required to manage the glucose. Make sense if that's the case that giving exogenous GLP1, you take a shot of trisepotide or semi-glutide, you're going to put more GLP1 in the system, you're going to overcome the resistance at the beta-select. You make more insulin, you now have better glucose control, everybody wins. Now, it's not clear that that has anything to do with the weight side of it and that that's a separate issue and I want to actually talk about that because there are two very interesting theories as to why these things cause weight loss. But point here is, wouldn't you expect to see higher levels of insulin in someone taking a GLP1 Agonist to achieve that better glycemic control? Yes, and that's not what you see. And I don't have an answer for this, but I've seen the same thing. I've seen the same thing, including personally, I've been experimenting with Tussetepotide. My insulin is five now, which is, you know, lowest that you can possibly get it. And I was expecting, there was a part of me that was worried that I was going to go against my whole theory about, you know, have you checked post-prandially? Have you done an oral glucose tolerance test where you look at, because that might be something to do to see what is happening to post-prandial insulin, along with post-prandial glucose, which of course will be better. No, I haven't. That would be an interesting test to do. Yeah. And I've wanted to see GM, my A1C has gone from five point four, five point five to five point O, and my insulin is down to five point O as well. So, and did you lose any weight? I lost a little bit of weight, not a huge amount, six to seven pounds, which was never the goal to start with. The whole idea was, and no loss of muscle mass, which actually is the big, the big boogaboo that, you know, people will have you fear, no loss of muscle mass if you are exercising if you are. So, for me, it's an experiment. I haven't decided this is something I'm going to continue, but I just wanted to really experiment it for myself to try to see, okay, what is this job really doing? And it's been nothing short of remarkable, I think, in some way, one of the most surprising has been for me the feeling of satiety. You know, you hear about satiety. I was never in my whole life, the type of person that felt full. I could always eat more. And all of a sudden, after about two weeks on this, I just looked at my plate, I said, I'm full. And I heard myself saying this, and it just felt like, well, this is really completely different. And for me, not the reason why I'm excited about these drugs is, and by the way, this is not an endorsement, this is something to disobey. Yeah, yeah, this is self-experimentation for the ass. It's experimentation, which is a long part of the tradition of our field, which I love. And the whole idea is really to, for me, the thinking was, one of the biggest advance in longevity medicine is this idea that a range is meaningless. And as a practice and physician, you know this, I went to medical school and we were told that, your blood pressure has to be 130 over 90. There was a no, a single normal range. So you could be 128 over 88, then you were still considered normal. The same thing I went to see my personal physician and told in, you know, my blood sugar is creeping up every year that I'm doing it. And now it's 96, fastening blood sugar, and I'm worried, because soon I'm going to be pleased. And you said it's below 100. It's okay. It's only your normal delivery. And I told him, I said, what is normal? And I think this is, this really is where I think longevity medicine is going to make an important impact. So, I can't tell you how many times I've had this argument with people about glucose. And here's the funny thing. We have the literature. In other words, we have literature in non-diabetics. You want to see that says the lower the A1C, the lower the all-caused mortality. It's a monotonic reduction that knows no lower limit. So we say that up to 5.6 is normal. And if you're at 5.6, and 5.5 is better than 5.6 and 5.4 is better than 5.5 and 5 is better than 5.4. And 4.8 is better than 5.5. Yeah, but my point is I also find it. I don't know what the word is. Maybe sad. I find it sad that we've simplified this problem in an effort to communicate, but have lost the essence of where is lower better. Because it's not always true in biology. It's not, when you look at TSH for example, when you look at thyroid hormone, much more narrow band in which we would say there's optimal. And lower is not, if it's too low or too high, it's problematic. But it turns out that when it comes to average blood glucose in a non-type one diabetic, or someone who's taking insulin, under natural physiologic circumstances, it's just better to be lower. And as you age, it just keeps creeping up. Same thing for blood pressure. Yes. You know, they're revisiting the number every five years in terms of making it lower. I think if your blood pressure is a 105 over 65, you're better off than if you're 115 over 75. That's right. Provided you're not symptomatic, lower is always better. And so I think it's, you know, I'm frustrated, but I'm also excited by the fact that this is now becoming a norm in a whole new field of physicians who are more aware of what actually what is health. And the same for your weight. You know, we know that it's a J, I mean, that's the thing that is really interesting in the whole age aging field is this idea that everything is a J curve. So there's there's a sweet spot where you want to be. And quite often it's broad enough that you can maneuver this in a way to optimize people's health. What do you think is the relationship between I mean, body weight is so crude, but maybe we can even talk about it through adiposity, body fat, and and longevity, once correcting for metabolic health. So it's obvious that so much of the relationship we see between body fat and poor health is really just a proxy for something that's harder to measure, which is metabolic health. It's very easy to measure body fat. And we estimate body fat from BMI. And so that's why we have all these population data from BMI. But as if you have the luxury of working with actual patients, I couldn't tell you the BMI of one person. I take care of but I know everybody's body fat, everybody's visceral fat, and everybody's oral glucose tolerance test. So we know what we know and we know what matters. Are you convinced that adiposity per se is problematic or do you believe that a person can have excess body fat, but be metabolic healthy and confer the same longevity benefit as a metabolic healthy lean person? I mean, we know there are people who are of considered overweight, who are metabolically healthy. Yes. I mean, easily 20% in my experience. Yes. And I'm not where I think that's these are facts. No one can dispute them. You can be overweight and metabolically healthy. What I worry about is that is the long-term effect. Do you mean from an orthopedic perspective with the other complications that come from excess weight? Or are you saying that they're basically increasing their probability of eventually going off the metabolic slide? Both. I honestly, I don't know what the data says, but my worry would be that you might be metabolically looking healthy when you're 40, but if you sustain this for 20 years, and are clearly visceral fat. Yeah, different categories. It's a highly predictive of everything. The other thing I'll say also, the BMI itself is a MIBMI is at the border of being overweight. I am overweight by BMI. I'm four pounds. If I lost four pounds, I would get down to a BMI of 25. And I have 11% body fat. So I don't worry about it because I know all in all, I'm metabolically healthy. My numbers are good and all this. And some way. Yes, it's not a particularly helpful. I mean, it serves its purpose at the population level, but it can't be used to make a decision about an individual at all. Exactly. But it can also sometimes, you know, become a confounding variable, and when people do studies and they use these numbers, and they make predictions or they draw conclusions that are really not based on the fact that that I BMI fraction of the population is heterogeneous in terms of metabolically healthy. I think this is really where. So my colleagues at the back Nathan Price and Lee Hood, I've actually published a paper. I didn't realize they were at the buck. Yeah, both of them. They were up in Seattle before weren't they? Yes, we recruited both of them actually in the last two years. Congratulations. Yeah, thank you. I think this is transformative for fantastic good. Fantastic. Exciting. Lee still partially in Seattle, so it's partially at the buck, but he's brought, you know, we've established a collaboration with Fino Melf, and Nathan was at Thorn, and there's still a CSO at Thorn, but faculty member at the buck. So I think it, and they're really helping us to do something really exciting along these lines. For example, they had a paper describing this BMI, but biochemical BMI based on biological markers that essentially assess, you know, a humetabolic status. So I think that's, you know, those tools are available, and it's a question of educating the physicians. Do you know what makes up that biological BMI? No, but I'll give you the paper. So okay, we spent a little more time on metabolism than we did immune health and the immune system overall. I'd actually like to go back and talk about it a little bit more. I think again, the listeners of this podcast are very familiar with the metabolic stuff. We haven't had as many discussions on the immune system. Talked about it, length with respect to cancer. Had Steve Rosenberg on a few years ago, that was a fantastic discussion, explaining the role of the immune system in cancer, which I think we're going to have to talk about here, because I mean, I certainly feel convinced that a big part of why cancer incidents goes up exponentially with age is the declining immune system, not just the accumulation of mutations, although I imagine they both play a role. But I will tell you something else, Eric, which is, you know, I wrote a book a couple of years ago about this space, and in the book, I talk about these things called the forehorsesman. And I describe them as the four things that are basically coming for us all. If you manage to outlive youth, right? So if you're, you know, this is not to diminish the role of trauma and other things that are deadly, but for many people living in OECD nations, it's going to come down to ASCVD cancer, demanding a neurodegenerative diseases and metabolic diseases. And people often say Peter, is there anything you wish you'd written in the book that you would, if you go back in time, you would do. And I say, yeah, there are probably many things that I thought about it, but the first thing that jumps out is I really should have added a fifth horsesman, and that is immune health. And the types of infections that ravage people in old age, that a young person wouldn't even laugh at. Thank you for laughing, right? So thank you for bringing this up, because we, you know, the immunology field somewhat, immunology and aging have been not really mixing very well. One problem is that immunology is an extremely complex and advanced field, probably one of the, along with neuroscience, one of the most complex. So when you go to an aging meeting, there is no one talking about immunology. You go to immunology meeting, there are very few people talking about aging. And we're trying to navigate even the nomenclature is being used differently. People are increasing. And immunology talk about immunosinessence, meaning aging of the immune system, they don't mean senessence the way we talk about aging. So that yields all kinds of crazy communication problems. Yeah, because if you're in the aging field, then you hear immunosinessence, you think of sasps and things that are being succeeded by T-cells. It just means aging of the immune system. Now, the reason why I think this is a tragic failing for both field is what happened during COVID. It was became obvious that, you know, being infected was not, you know, the risk of infection was not linked to your age. The virus infected everyone across, but the outcome could be completely different with 84 excess, 84 fold excess mortality if you were above 75, 84 fold. Now, you know, when this happens, and we can go in terms of trying to understand why why did this happen, what are the reasons for this? I went and started to look at the literature. Influenza, it's exactly the same thing. RSV, same thing. So all of these viruses that are, you know, that you can contract in later years will kill you. You know, with really significant rates, you know, influenza, I think 30,000 people die every year from influenza. The mortality in terms of COVID was really highly segregated into the older part of the population or in that part of the population that showed, like said, a riddaging obesity and so on. So I think there's a, there's a lot there. Do you think that that most of the mortality, any anytime we saw a gap in mortality, whether it was young versus old, whether it was obese versus non-obes, diabetic versus non-diabetic, because where any anytime you looked at that, you saw a difference in mortality. Do you believe that it was always a difference in immune function? I mean, with the young versus old, it's very obvious, but do you think that was also true in the other comorbidities? Yes, yeah, I would say so. And it comes from two reasons. One is, you know, there are two broad immune system, the, where we call the innate and the adaptive immune system. I don't know if you're one, the childhood. I would. I actually was going to say, I think it is worth going full boron this. I think it is time for people to roll up their sleeves and understand arguably the most interesting system in the human body. I am biased. I spent two years at the NCI doing immunology, but I think this is such an interesting field. Yeah, so our immune system is built to recognize foreign elements. That's really is why it evolved. It has two lines of defense against microbes. Bacteria, viruses, fungi, all of those. We are constantly bombarded by those. It is actually amazing because I mean, the evidence of this is a few immune system doesn't function. The bubble is incompatible with life. It's a lot of good life. So we are, you know, we're colonized with bacteria in and out and our skins everywhere. So we are constantly respond to them in an appropriate manner. And we survive everything, including disruptions to the barriers. Absolutely. Absolutely. And so we have two lines of defense in the immune system. First, so called in-80 immune system, which is your microfages, your dendritic cells, but also pretty much every cell has a whole series of mechanism that are not pathogen specific. That is, they will recognize an intruder, be it virus, be it fungi, be bacteria, and it will activate the first line of defense. Those lines of defenses are non-specific and therefore they're less effective. And they give time to the so-called adaptive immune system, which is the second part, which is made up of T cells and B cells. And both of those cells have highly selective defense mechanism. The B cells make antibodies, which will go recognize a bacteria or a fungus or a virus. And the T cells, which are able to actually kill the infected cells itself. So a real recognize when the cell is colonized by a foreign pathogen and will kill it. So the, you know, the time course of these is that, you know, once you get your encounter pathogen, you will be activated your in-80 immune response. Typically, you know, it can be fever, it can be all kinds of symptoms, but activation of this defense. And this gives the whole organism a couple of weeks to actually build the defense for the specific, that there will specifically recognize this organism. That's a good one. Let's talk a little bit about memory within that system. The beauty of the adaptive, so the DNA immune system does not really have a memory, true memory. It will always react in the same way, no matter how many times you encountered the same. You get the same, so if you get the same virus, so if your, if your kids are ping-ponging the same respiratory virus at you from school, yes, your innate immune system has the same playbook. Yes, fever. You're going to get red. You're going to like, wh-whatever, yeah, and you're going to get sore. All of those things are going to happen regardless. Exactly. Yeah. And that's in contrast to the adaptive immune system, because once the initial response has been generated, either via an infection or evaxination, this is what evaxination is. It presents you with a given fraction or the whole virus or a part of it. Your body will mount a response. And this will yield, this will lead to the amplification of a subset of cells that are selective. So I think about you either your t-cells or your b-cells, none of them are the same. We have a process by which we generate so-called diversity, which is billions of different forms of antibodies or t-cell receptors that are recognizing in principle every chemical structure, every protein from a microorganism. Now, what happens during the initial encounter in the vaccine or an infection is those b-cells or those t-cells that have a receptor that is able to recognize the pathogen will become amplified. And they will turn out larger amount of the antibody or the t-cell clones. Once the job has been done, they will contract, but it will not contract back down to the same level. They will become what we call memory t-cells or memory b-cells. So that if you encounter the same entidion in the future, the reactivation process is shortened. The maturation happens faster. So eventually, that's the whole idea of the vaccination. It's to sort of get yourself ready with a subset of memory t-cell clones or b-cell clones that once the true virus will come, you will be able to mount the response within a few days or up to a week. And so that's how vaccination works. Now what's interesting during ageing is people are not aware of this. If you're above 70, most vaccinations do not work. And so people then will ask, they actually do immune system as aged and your vaccination rates really decreases very strongly. For what I remember, this might be different in different populations, but the vaccination rates success is close to 30%. If you're above 70. Now what would you're in COVID? What was the risk reduction for a person over 75 who was vaccinated versus not vaccinated? It was almost complete reversal of the effect in terms of the protection. Meaning it was highly protective. Yeah, it was protective. So how are we reconciled those two facts? Yes true. And I don't know, to be honest, I don't know how this has been studied. I don't know. I would be happy to read about this. Okay. How? Because the COVID vaccine seems to have had a remarkable risk reduction in very old people. Didn't seem to have an impressive risk reduction in younger people? Because the absolute risk was so low. It didn't seem to matter that much, but boy, did it matter in older people? But did it matter by at the population level or the individual level? This is what I'm not sure about? I certainly don't want to go on record saying something that I don't know. Yeah, it's the same thing that I mean. But my question. Yeah, I mean, we, you know, I think we can find the answer and put it in the show notes. My recollection could be wrong is that the older a person got the greater the benefit they got from COVID vaccines with respect to mortality. So I guess the question is, let's maybe talk about other vaccines. Is that not the case with influenza? Is that not the case with pneumococcus or any of the other vaccines that are used primarily in older adults? In general, at least, and I'm not a vaccine specialist, but the thinking is that there's a dramatic decrease in the efficiency of vaccination against influenza, against RSV, against all of those as UH. The thinking then is how how does it work at the population level? And this is where the whole concept of herd immunity works is that if you limit the spread of the infection in a family, for example, you're left much less likely to effect grandpa who is, you know, who will. I see. So that's been my understanding of how most of these viruses, this is, I'm asking a different question. That's an important question. I guess I was asking the, obviously they didn't probably do a randomized control trial. So you've got all these confounders in it, but I wonder if they just looked at all comeers to the hospital vaccinated versus non. Let's try to control for all the confounders. If the hazard ratio is 1.2, it means nothing or 0.8. But if the hazard ratio was, you know, 0.2 or 8. Well, you'd say even with the confounders, there must be some high degree of protection that came from that. So anyway, I'm sure someone listening to this knows the answer to that. We'll try to find the answer and put in the show notes. But so let's go back to the why. Why is it that as a person ages, they're less likely to respond to a vaccination. Is it because A, the immune system, the adaptive immune system is less able to recognize the foreign pathogen and build up a high enough reserve of T cells and B cells that will respond or is it B that they can do that, but the ability for those cells to stay in a memory state and B reactivated is somehow impaired. I think it's both. Isn't everything engaging? Aging is, but there's one aspect which is really unique at least in terms of T cell, which are really instrumental in terms of most of vaccine response, is the fact that these T cells are the diversity of the T cells is generated by the thymus. And the thymus small organ behind the sternum. How big is your thymus and my thymus right now? I'm 68. So it's probably very, very embryonic and it's probably not much left after age 50. And most people you find it very small. Now the, where as it, when you're young, it's actually you can see it on an imaging sketch that I would imagine if you and I had a CT scan of the chest, you'd barely be able to pick it up. Exactly. And it's replaced by fat actually in most people as you age. Although there is somewhat controversial evidence that there might still be some clones that can be reactivated even in all the people. And a human growth hormone, as you know, as one of the, the, the intervention that has been shown to actually re-induced thymogenesis. So let's, let's talk about that a little bit. Are you referring to that Fei paper from about seven or eight years ago that looked at growth hormone with metformin and DHA or something like that? That's one. But that Fei paper was actually inspired by work of a colleague of mine when I was at the Glutton Institute who did this actually mic, micute and colleagues did this in patients with HIV. And we're chronically infected with HIV where they lose a lot of their CD4 T-cells. And there was an interest in trying to see if you could actually, and so there's a big lesion initially in infection and there was an attempt to actually try to see if you could regenerate these populations to bring them back to a normal. Because even though we had great drugs against HIV, they could not bring those patients back to normal. There was a remaining sort of original insult. So they did a trial with a human growth hormone that were able to show some degree of thymogenesis and increase in naeft cells in these patients. And I believe the Fei trial actually tried to reproduce this. I think there's a second Fei trial that is ongoing or, but I haven't seen the results. Yeah, I mean the first one was, I don't remember the results, but the cocktail was a little suspect. So the GH made sense if that's your hypothesis. I believe, I've never spoken with Greg, but I believe reading the trial, the metformin, which was really given at a homeopathic useless dose. I think it was only given at 500, so apologies if it wasn't. I think it was only given at 500 was meant to offset the glucose metabolism disturbances of GH. Do you remember why the DHA was given? No. There was some reason for it that made sense on paper, but didn't make sense sort of physiologically. Now the more important question is, if my take on that trial was it was a single active agent, which was growth hormone. Like I don't think DHA does anything. I don't think 500 metformin does anything. So the question is, and it was a very small trial and I think it was open label. And I have a significant problem with the readout of that trial. So that's what I'm asking about. Remind me of the readout. The readout was one of the clocks. That's right. This was Steve Horvath was the other author of that. Exactly. And actually this whole story sort of pushed us into a whole project that we published down what we call ancient clock. Because they was indeed in the experiment, they are in the patience. They indeed observed some increase in the fraction of naive T cells, which tells you and me that something worked. The fraction of naive T cells increased with respect to the memory T cells. So naive T cells are the ones that are generated in the time. They are naive because they have never met their cognate antigen and they sit there waiting for something to happen. So the whole idea of treating with human growth hormone was to induce time and genesis and to restore the pool of these naive T cells. So I think it's some degree it works at low level. Then they used the clock on the whole blood. And my worry when I saw the paper, which is a worry that actually existed predated this, and was also a worry when people were using T-Lomerate, T-Lomerate, or Length. As the idea, when you sample the blood, as an immunologist, I know this is a highly dynamic organ. I think about the blood as an organ. We enumerated this point today with the best technology more than 500 different populations of cells in the blood. Suppose that these cells vary in response to any intervention and that these cells individually have a different epigenetic age, you would have the impression that you are rejuvenating, which is what's the claim of that phahypip or that they had rejuvenated people. But in effect, what you would do is simply change. Yeah, it's like you're on a sine wave that goes like this and you take two sample points. They could be here, they could be here, they could be here, you don't. And by the way, as you probably know, Matt Caberlin has famously purchased, I think, four or five of the commercially available aging clocks. He bought them in Duplicate and did all of them all simultaneously. Two of this, two of this, two of this, two of this, simultaneously, take 10 samples. Not only do all the clocks disagree with each other, but even within the same clock, there was disagreement, significant disagreement. So, yeah, I mean, I want to actually come back and talk about clocks in some detail, but given that that study was done years ago with an older clock, I think the clock part of it is not even remotely interesting. I think the more interesting question is, was there was there genuine thymic regeneration? If so, how do we reconcile a very pressing and vexing question within neuroscience, which is the role of growth hormone? Right? So, I've never taken growth hormone. I shouldn't say I've never prescribed it, I've prescribed it in very rare circumstances for injury healing, but I've never prescribed it for quote unquote longevity benefits. But a lot of people are out there doing so. And as such, I've had lots of patients who come to my practice who have been taking or are on growth hormone. And I will say this, to a person every single one of them has said, I feel so much better when I take growth hormone than when I do not. I mean, across the board, 100%. And I can't actually point to evidence that tells them it's bad to take. I can just sort of say it doesn't make sense to take. If our goal is to reduce the risk of cancer and if our goal is to slow the aging process. So, what is your take on that? Just your intuition, or is there any data you're aware of that would lead one to think that, well, maybe we could pulse a little bit of growth hormone here and there, if we get some thymic regeneration, we don't have to be on it all the time. I mean, how would you think about that? I do worry about it for, I'm not a specialist on growth hormone itself. In induces diabetes, it induces glucose intolerance. So, from that angle, I'm do worry about what it would do chronically, especially in someone young. For me, I really, it's a bit like increasing your protein intake. If you are, you know, there's that clear evidence that increasing your protein intake, especially as you age, becomes beneficial and the people who have higher protein intake actually do better in terms of muscle mass and so on. So, in someone who is 65 to 70, who is starting to feel, you know, the effect of or manifest some form of sarcopina, there might be a benefit for that person to actually increase muscular mass and all the benefits with this, especially if it's not done continuously. But I mean, I would argue, there's no doubt that there's benefits, but you're going to get far more efficacy from testosterone or antibiotics steroids when it comes to mitigating sarcopina. Growth hormone actually is not remarkable at inducing muscle mass. It's nowhere near as effective as testosterone. It's more effective at eliciting fat loss. But I wonder if there's something that goes beyond that, because I think when people tell me they feel better on it, I think they're talking about less aches and pains. Like just joints just feel better. I don't think anybody saying they feel better because their thymus is more plump. But I wonder if that to me would be a reason to potentially consider a schedule, you know, an intermittent schedule of something. If it's, again, going back to my macro thesis here, which is I've been harping on these four horsemen, four horsemen. Well, if we introduce a fifth horsemen, what is the strategy? Because I can give you chapter and verse the strategy for how you will mitigate heart disease cancer, all of these other conditions. What is our strategy for mitigating immune decline? I would say the same as a strategy that would mitigate decline in every other organ. You know, it is clear evidence that people access the effect of exercise on immunology is the same as in every single. So I'm not familiar with it, so tell me a little bit about that. I don't know specifically how exercise impacts the immune system. I don't know that, you know, I cannot speak just specific papers, but I mean, clearly, there's evidence that people who exercise actually respond to infection better, you know, respond to vaccination better, so that that's all been documented. I cannot speak just specific studies, but there is a sense of mechanistically why that's the case. It is so complex. I would say I would not be able to tell you. But that being said, I think the whole line of investigation to induce a thymic regiver nation, I think is an important one area, especially if we're thinking about increasing lifespan, further for what we are doing now. That's in the future, it will become one of these red limiting steps. It's a bit the same situation as the ovary, where you know, these are the ovary and the end of thymic are we call them the canary in the coal mine. I mean, they're really are a specific organs that show, etc. at ageing way earlier than other, than other tissues. Now, the question is, you know, why is the thymic involuting so early? I think it's probably because the evolutionary would never meant to live this old. And so that's really one of the thinking that that goes on. That's going to be in the long term, one of the problems that we have to face. And this is something we actively studying. And the lab is trying to just completely study where we are looking for novel biomarkers that are predictive of whether you will respond to a vaccination or not. And this is something done in collaboration with Mark Davis at Stanford, using the 1000 liminoam project, which is one of the largest studies studying aging in the immune system, only in humans. And so we've been able to studying people to identify some metabolites that are associated with poor response vaccine. And so those are not only markers, but they could also become tools that we include as adjuven, or as a pre-chidmaterial. I'm sure you're familiar with the work of Joan Manick. Of course, I was going to ask you about Manick and McSine in a moment. But before we do, I want to go back to this point here, which is, you know, biomarkers are so important. And when I think about cardiovascular disease, and even though it's the leading cause of death, why I tell my patients, it's the one you need to be least afraid of if you're willing to be proactive in management. And it comes down to the fact that we just have such a clear understanding of how the disease works. And we have exceptional biomarkers. So we can measure the things that are causing the disease. We can measure inflammation. We can measure ApoB. We can measure VLDL cholesterol, LP LLA. We also, we can measure blood pressure. We can measure metabolic health. And we know how to address those things. And we know that when we address those things, we can measure whether what we're doing is working. Okay. So problem solved, basically. When it comes to the immune system, let's, we're going to talk about Manick and McSine in a moment. But as we saw from their paper 10 years ago, they gave a rap a mice and analog to people, people who were in their 60s, vaccinated them and demonstrated that, oh boy, you got a much better immune response. Okay. They were able to demonstrate that using laboratory techniques. I'm sure they used flow cytometry or something like that to measure it. How close are we to being able to do that sort of thing commercially? By commercially, I mean, over the counter, like, not close. I think in that study, they actually measured antibody titers. So even more complicated the flow cytometry. Yes. Okay. And so um, in that case, they definitely showed an enhancing effect with a known, you know, geroprotector. This was a suspected geroprotector at least in humans. Exactly. Rapa log and they showed not only increased titers, but also protection, increased protection. Eventually the clinical child failed for a whole series of other reasons, which were in parts, due to the way that the FDA imposed the child to be generated. I think it's just complicated the whole picture. Yeah. By the way, for folks listening to us who were confused by that, Matt Cable and I had a specific discussion because it wasn't the 2014 trial. It was a later trial where they, it wasn't the RAD001 trial. It was the, it was the other trial that failed. And I actually don't remember the reason, but Matt explained it. It was very clear that it was a tragedy of bureaucracy. It is. And it shouldn't be viewed as a black eye on that molecule. Yeah. And I think, you know, Matt is more of a specialist in the whole Rapa mice and so it will differ to what he said, but well, the link in the show notes to where Matt and I had that discussion. Yeah. My, my, what I've heard from anyone that I've talked to, including Joan is that this was in some way, bungled, which is sad because sometimes things like this can put a field back for, you know, a number of years and then discourage investors. We have a startup that originated at the Bakoleo of Yen, which has raised $50 million, again, coming up with Rapa logs, novel Rapa logs that are going to be, I think, revisiting that whole, that whole picture. So quite excited. The field is far from being dead. What we ever be able to measure this in people the way we measure, hemoglobin A1C or things like that, or is it going to be one of those things where it's a bit of a leap of faith? And you're going to have to look at the clinical trial where the outcome was there. And then you're just going to have to say, well, even though there was probably massive hat heterogeneity amongst the participants in the trial, we're going to dose this thing individually. I mean, it's a little bit like, you know, you brought up Vitamin D earlier. I mean, one of the problems with the Vitamin D trials is that they're all garbage, right? Because they all just give people a given dose. They don't measure their response. They don't measure compliance. Vitamin D trial should be done based on target level, not target dose. And so we run the risk here of the same thing in a much more complicated system. agree. That being said, measuring pathogen specific tiders is done routinely in the clinic. I don't know if you did this, but I just had my measles tider measured. Because I'm born 1957, which is right the age at which before 1957, everyone was exposed to measles, so you're typically safe. And but you should measure your tider to determine whether you need to be revaccinated. And I find out that, yeah, you can do this very easily. You get a tider. With the tiders by themselves tell you, so what would you predict? So if I measured every tider right now, if I measured polio, shingles that a pan tider on you, and then started you on rap a micein for eight weeks and then stopped it and then re-measured your tiders without vaccinating you. What would you expect to see? I would not expect them to change. Yeah, exactly. So how do we know we're improving your immune system? If indeed we have. As you know, I see what you're saying. So in terms of if we were to start you on rap a micein, what would happen? So how could we measure the improvement in immune function? By the way, the the manic trial showed that when you vaccinate first they did a one month treatment with the rap a law before vaccination. So this was demonstrated not an effect on existing. Yes, yes, yes, but it totally demonstrated on denover vaccine. That's right. And I think, you know, what would be the effect on existing tiders against all of the other pathogen? I don't know. I mean, I don't think this has ever been done. Yeah, interesting. Let you want to just say a little bit more about that trial. So that was at least for me. I was that was a very pivotal moment in my journey in this space and an understanding this world. So that was December of 2014 that that paper came out and if I recall roughly 300 plus participants divided into four groups. So placebo group, a group that got one milligram every day, a group that got five milligrams once a week and a group that got 20 milligrams once a week. So two people were pulsed one much higher than the other and then one given daily in the placebo. I believe they were all over 65. I think the study was done in Australia. And as you said, they were put on their whatever treatment was for four weeks immunized. I think it was another four weeks and then a six week washout and then the tiders were checked. And the best response, I think was in the five milligrams pulse and the 20 milligrams pulse. The one milligram daily still had a better response than the placebo but not as strong as the two pulse doses. But the five and the 20 weekly were nearly identical, but the 20 had much more side effects. So I think that, and again, I don't remember perfectly so correctly. So correctly, I'm sure you will. The take away was basically five milligrams pulse was the sweet spot. You get all the benefit without the side effects. Reason why, no, I think that's how I remember that trial as well. Although I'm always impressed by how you remember all of these technical trials. What was remarkable about that data was the fact that this is from a drug that is supposed to be an immune suppression. And it's been a long road for the longevity field to try to get our colleagues who are actually using a proper medicine as a immunosuppressant to have them believe that this actually has an effect on immunity. And not only not immunosuppressive, but actually a promoting immunity. So how do you reconcile that? Not meaning, not not not their disbelief, which is warranted. But how do you reconcile that one molecule can be, if given, so if you think about the doses, we used to give Rapa my son. It's not actually used that much by the way today in the transplant clinic. So FK506, Sirolumus has largely pardon me. No, no, I'm blanking on what FK506 is real name is, but anyway, whatever, it's largely displaced, Sirolumus, which is Rapa. But that said, when we used to give it out, we were giving two to four milligrams a day. Now, let's just assume that it was indeed contributing to prevention of organ rejection. Do you think it was doing so because that's a high enough dose of constitutively giving a drug that it's oppressive to the immune system? Or do you think it was only suppressing the immune system because it was given being, it was being given in combination with two other drugs, and it was only as part of that sea of other drugs that it has the immunosuppressive effects? No, I think there's clear evidence. It is immunosuppressive by itself. And I can tell you that for the period when I was on Rapa my son, I would take either four, six milligrams a week, every morning, so once a week. So the biggest difference between the two, the immunosuppressive and the sort of geropotective effect is really the amount, the frequency and the amount. The reason why people adopted this sort of once weekly doses to first not have any immunosuppression and second to mitigate the secondary effect, which are thought to be caused by inhibition of and talk to, which is the second of the effects. Yeah, it goes goes effect. And that seems to be working largely. What was in my case remarkable is that every time I took my dose, not two, I only did two for a couple of weeks, but either four, six. The next morning I would have a pimple on my nose. So I was immunosuppressed clearly every single time for a day, for a day or two. And I sort of made peace with it. In the fact that if I had a really heavy workout, I wouldn't have exactly the same thing. Exercise is immunosuppressive. If you go all out, you can get a cold, you can temporarily fragileize after a really heavy exercise. So I think the difference between these two, these two world immunosuppression, which clearly has been documented by clinical trials, it is immunosuppressive by itself versus the beneficial effect on the immune system to me as a question of dosage and frequency. And yet, I cannot reconcile the unambiguous success of the interventions testing program, where those mice were eating rapomison in every single bite of food they took. In fact, they were consuming it more continuously than even the most immune compromised patient. And without exception, every single ITP study of rapomison, whether they started an old mice or young mice, rap a alone, rap a with another drug. It just doesn't matter. It always worked. How do we reconcile that? We do have, well, I don't have the answer, but I can sort of talk about it in a way. I just, there's something that worries me about our reliance on the mouse as a model system for aging, for studying aging and how relevant it is to us as species. Even mice that are of the quality, I mean, because we would all admit that the ITP mice are the best, they're the Ferrari of mice. Exactly. The ITP is the best because is the best way to address this question because they're using mice that are, you know, cross. So it's not. Not in bread. When you're using black six, you're essentially doing the experiment on end of one. And the whole world, I mean, 80% of the work that's being done in mice is done on black six. This is we're all studying the same person. And so obviously, when you go and try to transfer this to a human population, what all of its variations. So the ITP did the right thing. That being said, and this is not an attack on ITP. I think ITP is a great program, and should be funded, and should continue to study this. I just worry about the over reliance on ITP alone, and I think we should have another system that studies primate interventions with drugs. There are a number of primates, non-human primates that are actually much closer to us. The reason I worry about mouse is something that actually Steve Hustard, that you've had on this podcast as well. Steve is a good friend, and he came up with something called the longevity quotient, which I think is something that people do not pay attention enough. So longevity quotient is this idea that if you look across the animal kingdom, the larger you are, the longer you live. Okay, so you can take thousands species, and you can weigh on the x-axis, you have their size, on a y-axis, their life-expectives. Yes, largely rises to the right. And you can see a monotonous curve. Now there are exceptions to this. One of them is making more drugs. Yeah, make it more drugs. Yeah, for example, naked mull rats, you know, are living way above. So they live above. They punch above their weight, dogs tend to punch below their weight. Exactly. Although in dogs, it again varies by size. This is between species. That when you look, interest species, it gets even more complicated, which is the larger dog, live shorter than the smaller dogs. The great dangerous is that she wa wa, and that is done, actually that's driven mostly by growth hormone, which is, again, another, another reason why we should look at, you know, taking growth hormone is an anti-aging drug with some degree of circumspection, because in dogs, the more growth hormone you have, the larger you are, and the shorter you live. We know also in humans, the larger you are, the taller you are, the shorter you live. So are these effective growth hormone? Yes, are they only important while during the growth phase? That's a possibility, but it's something that really gives me pause to go back to our discussion about growth hormone. Now, wa wa zai, I sort of lost my chance. We're still trying to make the argument for why ITP mice live in rap and mice and with everybody to food somehow live longer. So again, going back to respiratory, the longevity quotient mice are also an exception. They punch below their weight. So they live shorter than they should based on their size. And humans is the biggest exception. We live about six, five, to six times longer than we should face on a size, which tells me that we are in an naked mole rat of primates. We do incredibly well, which means that we already have optimized a lot of these pathways that are promoting aging. I suspect the mice is exactly the opposite. I don't know that someone has really compared sort of intrinsic to our activity in mice. Are they, for example, living in mice are especially laboratory mice are engineered to reproduce and grow as quickly as possible. They have large, later sized, they do everything very quickly. Now, we know all of these activities are requiring a lot of anabolic strength, which is driven by tour. So the question is, are the mice sort of examples of animals that are maximizing tour activity to do everything they do very quickly? And we are maybe at the other end of the spectrum, where we have low sort of basal tour activity. So that's where I worry when people just transfer everything we know from tour for mice and to humans is saying it's going to show and work in humans. I don't know if you are such an interesting point. Yeah. So I think this is, and this is frankly why I stopped taking Rapa mice and I thought, you know, I did not really see anything in terms of anything. Metabolically, physically, muscle strength. I couldn't, you know, in contrast to GLP1, I go in this, where I saw all of my numbers get better and functionally strength. All of this, I saw everything getting better on GLP1. I go in this, with Rapa mice and I never could tell whether I was taking it or not. Yeah. Although, look, well, it's not just that. I would say, where Rapa mice and Axe, I don't know that we would see anything getting significantly better, right? Because if we think that the main places that Rapa mice and is going to act would be on a top of G. Well, there's no way you're going to measure a top of G. You're not going to feel a top of G. You're not going to see it or measure it. Does it tamp down on certain subsets of senescent cells? That's certainly plausible. Again, I don't know how we're going to see or measure or necessarily even feel that. Does it reduce some of the tonic, low grade, unhelpful inflammation? Probably, but again, if a person doesn't have much to begin with, it's going to be tough to measure. Conversely, G. L. P. One Agnes act directly on a thing that is so easy to measure, which is glucose metabolism and body weight for those who are losing weight as well. So it might not be a fair comparison. I guess the other thing I would add to this interesting observation is that, of course, the mice and the ITP are still in a relatively sterile environment. And it might be that even if they incur some immunosuppression, it's not going to be as maladaptive as it would be if they were wild animals as we are. Living sterile environment, they live, grouped in a cage with no ability to move to exercise. They are, they eat a diet, which makes the American diets look like the most healthy thing ever. I mean, if you've seen the pellets that these mice are eating, do the ITP mice eat the crappy pellets as well? I suspect the eating. Okay, I don't actually know what their diet is. Yeah, I don't know what their diet is, but I mean, there are not that many, I can guarantee you they're not eating salad and fruits and vegetables. In some way, there are an incredibly artificially bad environment. These mice actually doing everything that is conducive to a poor health. And so the fact that we see something that works in that system might have some value for the fraction of the population that has a very poor lifestyle. But I do worry about transferring this to someone like UNI who are exercising or trying to eat well, trying to sleep and all of this. So I take these observations with some degree of caution and frankly, I want people to ask me, should I go and wrap my mice in? I do worry. Now, this is a very different story. If someone, a patient, comes and sees you at 40 years old and tells you, I think, I want to go and wrap my mice and I would strongly argue that this should not do this. Because even in the studies, I have been conducting this, they still signed effect in mice at where the equivalent of 65 to 70 years old. Now, if you're 75 years old and you have the feeling you're chronically in flame and you have the feeling that things are not doing well, there are a number of anecdotal cases where people have described really feeling a lot better and a lot stronger, very quickly. One wrap of mice. I would predict it would be the same thing with a growth hormone or some of these interventions. So I've already put those in different categories. And my argument to people is today we have one intervention that is very profoundly anti-aging and it is a physical activity exercise in all of its forms. And once you have optimized this, I think let's talk about doing something else on top of that. So earlier you brought up the Sirtouan story and NAD. I'd love to spend a little bit of time there. I was at a talk recently and as always I get asked questions about stuff like that and I got asked the question about NAD. And I said, look, this is one of those things where if I tell you the following facts, I'm going to tell you three facts. NAD is completely ubiquitous throughout the body and it is absolutely essential for the most important chemical reactions that happen in the body. You cannot undergo readox reactions, metabolic reactions without NAD. That is point one. Point two is class of proteins called Sirtouans rely heavily on NAD as the substrate in the process of repairing DNA. That is fact two. Fact three is as you age, NAD levels decline precipitously. Those are three facts and I don't believe is there any dispute to any of those facts? No controversy. Armed with those three facts, how could it be that supplementing NAD does not lead to a longer, better life or some health benefit? That is a logical conclusion. Not completely because you are assuming it depends also what is the reason why NAD levels decrease and it depends also what supplements, how you remedy this decision. And this is something I would love to talk about CD38 and NAD. It could be that NAD levels go down because their consumption goes up. There is as we age, there is more DNA damage, there is more consumption, there are two needs more of it and it goes up. Then of course the question would become, is the current level of NAD that we have rate limiting to that reaction? If not, then all the extra NAD in the world should have no benefit because you are just adding more substrate to a reaction where it is not needed. Conversely, if NAD levels are going down because there is a production issue and if you provided more of it, you could actually do more good. Well then it could be the exact opposite story. So let me pause there for a moment and have you fill in the edges of everything I just said so that we can go deeper into this discussion. So maybe explain a little bit what NAD is. Explain what it means in redox and obviously let's talk about sertuins in the role that NAD plays there. Let's do unpacking. I could be a two-hour podcast. But one area that we've worked on for the last 25 years. So we were responsible for cloning the human sertuins. After Lenny Garante published his paper on Sir II in Yis, but the graduate student was the first to publish this, was it? Matt Kadenlin. Yeah, sir. Matt and Brian, I mean, David, I mean, that whole gang was the original gang along with Lenny Garante, where paved the way for a lot of what we know. I eventually, you know, like one thing that I would just start by saying is that it pains me in some way in a field that is so rich and has generated so much data that there's a whole cloud sort of lying on top of Sir II in ZNAD. That, you know, there's nothing there. I just tell people, it is an incredibly study system. We are still juggling the complexity. And I would argue that any field where the same degree of investigation will be conducted will have the same controversy. This is the nature of science. The beauty of science is that it's incredibly messy on the way up, but eventually things are getting clarified. And I think in terms of the Sir II, we're still writing middle of it. So there's some complete garbage and completely agree. And by the way, I'm not completely dismissive. What I will say has made has made this field complicated is that the leading proponents of it have all opted for a commercial pathway. And therefore, they have opted not to study this in a rigorous way, but to study it in a commercial way. And unfortunately, I mean, I understand why you would do that. Like that's the nature of it. And this is not a molecule that you can put. You're not going to generate intellectual property in the same way that you would around an awful drug. And so it poses a limitation to how these things can be studied. But unfortunately, that coupled with the risk-veritrol fiasco, and I really, unless you think otherwise, Eric, we don't need to talk about risk-veritrol, but I remain completely convinced that risk-veritrol had zero benefit whatsoever. I think it is an absolutely useless molecule. So I think that risk-veritrol debacle, the over-hype, complete debacle of that, coupled with the fact that all of the participants in the NAD landscape are doing it through their own commercial enterprise with their own proprietary blend has resulted in this inability to drive forward in this field. I agree. I agree. I think it's, I mean, identified the problems to hype and the commercialization. I mean, commercialization can be helpful if the companies are actually willing to invest in clinical trials. And so on, you know, always use the example of timeline, you're a little in A. I mean, that we've worked with them. They do clinical trials, rigorous. They, you know, we publish them in the best journals in the end. You know what you're measuring. And so that being said for the so-to-ins, so let's try to be sort of step back and given the controversy, I would say I would encourage you, you're listening not to just discarded all, we're still in the middle of it. And I think there's something interesting, really merge out of it. So NAD is a critical intermediary metabolites. It has two big roles. First is it plays a key role in redox reactions. Again, we've talked about these reaction, reduction, reduction, reduction in the internal electrons met move around. Exactly. So it's it exists in two form, NAD and NADH. And it's critical to intermediary metabolism. There are more than 600 of these enzymes that use NAD in the whole metabolism. So it's sense to reason that if you losing NAD levels, it's going to be, you go below a certain critical level. These enzymes are going to suffer. Your whole metabolism is going to go down. And we know, by the way, that decreasing metabolically efficiency at all level is one of the whole marks of aging. So in addition to these enzymes that utilize the NAD and NADH couple, there's a whole series of other enzymes that actually are digesting, cleaving, NAD. And these would be the parts, polyadepirriborate polyamorous, so these are enzymes mostly involved in DNA repair. So it plays a critical role. So two ends, seven sort two ends, all doing different things within the cell. And we can go back and dig into this a little bit in terms of what are the sort of two ends doing. There's also another two ends, called CD38 and CD157. And so these are also NAD hydrolysis and we are studying them a lot. Now, so that's, I guess, the background of what these enzymes are doing. One thing that you're listening to should know about about NAD levels and why the decrease in NAD levels are relevant to aging is with respect to the sort of two ends. The sort of two ends have a relatively narrow range of KD for NAD. So if the NAD levels change, as we know they do during aging, it will lead to a change in the activity of the of the sort of ends. And I think this is something that was proposed by Lenny Garante back in the days, showed, for example, even during fasting, UNAD levels will increase and it will activate sort of two ends. So I think there's, there's something that's really unique to the sort of two in this there. And we know this in a really acute way because there are sort of two ends that are present in the cytoplasm versus in mitochondria versus in the nucleus. And the NAD levels in each of these organs are very different, for example, much higher in mitochondria. It turns out that 33 is a KD for NAD, which is much higher than 31. And so variation, that really is the indication that they are sensors of NAD levels, which goes back to the initial model that you mentioned, NAD levels change, reengaging, therefore we can expect the activity of the sort of two ends to change. Now, what else have I not adjust in your initial batch of questions? I think we're now ready to then move on to if we believe with some conviction that restoring NAD levels in an aging individual is beneficial. We now have to deal with the same problem you deal with any small molecule or large molecule for that matter. How do you get it in the body? So, how what are the ways in which you could get NAD into the body directly or indirectly? So that brings me to maybe another element of the biochemistry. So one thing that is emerged is this idea that the question is to why do NAD level decrease? And there's been lots of theories, activation of the parps. That seems to be happening in C elegans, but in mammals, this is the work of Edward or Chini, who was the first one to show that CD38 appears to be the major driver of the decrease of NAD during aging. And the way he's demonstrated this and we've actually repeated some of his results and published on this as well. If you study a mouse that's knocked out for CD38, you find that any of the levels actually do not decrease during aging. And that's pretty much across all organs. And I think that what this does is really brings the whole question is in terms of what should we be targeting. Now think about, did we talk about what CD38 is doing specifically? Yeah, so CD38 is a, as a membrane anchored protein. Some of it is facing outward on the outside of the cell. Some of it is facing Edward. For example, in T cells, it's mostly facing inward. Now outward, in microfagids, mostly facing inward. And it isn't an idealized. Now, what is it doing in the immune system? Why do we have it not entirely clear? One idea is that because it is present in T cells. Is it on non-immune cells? In the state of cells. Okay. As well. One idea, at least for the immune system, is that it might come up and eat up all the NAD that's local in the extracellular fluid, although there's not much of it. And limit the abilities as part of the innate immune response and limit the ability of bacteria and other organism to actually access these micronutrients for their own growth. That's one thinking. And I think it's a lot more complicated. And this and we're very in the middle of it. I have a good part of my lab actually studying the rule of CD38 in the immune system and the theoretical cells and in the brain as well. Now, you mentioned a moment ago that the CD38 knockouts do not see a decline in NAD with aging. Zero. And they live longer. I was just about to say, what is the phenotype of a CD38 knockout? What deficiency do they have? Nothing that we can tell. And they live longer. How much longer? 15%. That's comparable to Rapa-Mison. Yeah. Yeah. It's pretty significant. This has been published by Eduardo Chini. Why do you think that is? In other words, do you think that that is true, true and unrelated to the increased pool of NAD? No. CD38. So that's a key question. And that's one that's not been answered. And I would say, if I had to go on the limb, I would say it's not linked to the NAD decrease. Because it turns out that- Sorry, just to make sure everybody understands what you're saying. You're saying your belief is that the CD38 mouse does not live longer because he has more NAD. That's just another bit issue we're seeing and that there's something else about that mouse. Yes. Or it might be partially, partially NAD and partially the other mechanism. I'm about to discuss. One thing that's remarkable is that as we age us and mice, we see an increase in CD38 level across the organism, especially in immune system. We've published a paper showing that the Sasp from senescent cells is a very powerful inducer of CD38 expression and microfages. So that's one mechanism by which we're linking senescent and the Sasp to increase CD38 leading to a depletion of NAD and other effect. And yet we have no idea what it's doing other than hydrolyzing NAD. It has a cognate receptor on other cells. It's part of, you know, it's- they don't seem to be immune deficient. They know it's really one of these players that people are there are hundreds of papers. I mean, do you think it plays a role in inflammation? A negative role in inflammation? One idea about it is that it plays a suppressive role in the immune response. So because we see it being induced kind of ladish, it's even response and the idea it comes up to tamp and down. So it's actually the exact opposite. It's it's it's so pro-antian flammatory that it can be harmful in that way as opposed to contributing to sterile inflammation, which is the more typical problem we see in aging. Yeah, we did not discuss this, but you know, the other side of the immune system is that it has to be incredibly balanced between reacting appropriately towards exogenous pathogen but not reacting against the cells. And as you know as a physician, there are so many conditions that are a manifestation of an excess of immune response against the individual, all of the autoimmune response, autoimmune disease is switched by the way increased during aging. So the thinking is that, um, except for type one diabetes. Yes, that's the one young. Why do you- I know that you used to study that. Why do you think that is? It's really an interesting question, although, you know, there's something called ladda that I'm sure you've heard about that is emerging that we might have been diagnosing some type two that were actually laid type one. The thing that is really unique about type one is the fact that- I remember a number of papers that highlight the fact that there might be something happening during development that exposes the immune system to the developing beta cells and that might trigger more to immunity at that time. It could also be linked to the fact that there's been for many years of discussion of the rule of viruses infection and maybe more like you know, mimicry between some of these viruses and beta cells. So it could be that a subset of infections that happen during childhood actually put you at risk of activating your immune system inappropriately. So that that's the whole idea, but there's clearly an increase of the immunity through our life. By the way, CD-157, do we see the same effects? Do we have a CD-157 knockout? No, a much less study. There's some interesting effect also, but, you know, CD-38 is guaranteed. CD-30 is the most of the attention. So, you know, if you think about our go back about CD-38 and in terms of what it's doing, it's taking an AD and cleaving it into ADP ribos, which is, you know, sugar and nucleotide and nicotinomide. nicotinomide is a precursor to an AD. And so this nicotinomide, which is generated by CD-38, but by the sirtuens, by the parps, normally gets recycled in a two-step reaction all the way back to an AD. Now, what's really interesting is if you block this, it's called the salvage pathway for nicotinomide. If you block it within a few hours, your anad levels go down to zero. So the system, wow, heavily dependent on recycling. Incredible, actually, and it is a specific inhibitor of the enzyme, colene mpt, you can add it to cells with done the experiment within 46 hours, any of the levels down to zero the cell dies. So there's an incredible turning through that whole pathway. Now, which is a reflection of the activity of sirtuens, CD-38, CD-157, the parps and so on. So you have a situation during aging where CD-38 increases, you increase the degradation and so you decrease the pool of anad. But you're increasing in theory, the metabolites. You're increasing the metabolites, nicotinomide. Now, one important thing is nicotinomide, metabolism is either salvage, back to anad, or methylation by an enzyme. And this is important for supplementation, because it turns out CD-38, not only cleaves anad, but it also cleaves anomen, which is one of the two. One of the two cultures and anananar. So when you actually are having crazy CD-38 activity and you take anomen, you're sure and through this pathway and you increase your nicotinomide and you increase its methylation. So anomen is also cleaved by CD-38 into what? Into nicotinomide plus something that's not ADP-riose. And so when you do this, you're increasing your level of nicotinomide to the point that it's shunting to methylene nicotinomide starts depleting your one carbon cycle. So what you see in the number of people, actually anomen is their homocysteine level going up, including me. I stopped taking it when I saw this. I thought this is not I was taking about a gram of anomen for a while. And then I saw my homocysteine level going up. I think it's a reflection of this pathway and basically stopped it. Now why is it Eric that the increase pool of nicotinomide preferentially goes down a methylation pathway as opposed to the salvage pathway to give you more NADD? Yeah. I don't think it goes preferentially. It just depends how much you're. It's just the more you put in. Even if it splits stoichiometrically or stochastically even, it's you're just going to sell, you're going to take away one carbon. Yeah and I do not know what the relative proportion is, but clearly the more you drive the system with anomen the more you're going to yield these and we can measure not only how much did you're homocysteine go up by the way? Up to 15 from from typical seven. Wow, that's yeah big job. And then how long did it take to resolve once you stopped the anomen? Well, I only measured typically every three months. Okay. After after three to six months, it had come back to normal seven to eight. What about NR? Nicotinomide riboside? How is that treated by CD38? It's not it's not metabolized by itself and our eventually in the cell has to make it back to anomen, which is one is on the salvage pathway that we talked about. So NR is less bulky, less big than anomen, so it is able to get into the cell, but eventually it makes it into nicotinomide anomen and then goes back into the same pathway. So eventually I'll come back to the same. So do you think that there's no difference between the same amount of NR and anomen? No, they clearly are some differences. Especially in all the really complex biochemistry that happens in terms of getting them into cells. You know, the problem with NR and anomen is that you are, if you think about what the approach is, you essentially you have a pool of anade, which is a sink, think about a sink full of water, and you keep, you know, it's leaking. That's your CD38. That's that's the leak at the bottom of the sink. And you keep pouring more anomen, more anomen, inside of it. You're just going to just going to accelerate, you know, the leak. Are you going to make it not going to solve the problem? Basically, maybe you'll reestablish the level at a normal, some are normal, but the turning through is problematic. Now, why is the turning through problematic? Because some of the bi-products of CD38, for example, are cyclic ADP rivals. So there's two forms of ADP rivals, not cyclized and cyclized. Cyclized activates calcium signaling. And so there's a whole aspect of the biology of CD38 that's linked to calcium signaling. So I think I do worry about the supplementation with the NR and anomen. I do worry about it. I'm not discounting them. I think clinical trials are ongoing. There's dozens of clinical trials. So we will soon identify something that in which it has a benefit. And again, if you think about the metabolism of these metabolites, it's incredibly complicated. There are effects on a microbiome. There are effects on, you know, different absorption by different cells. Just literature, hundreds and hundreds of papers, I think, way beyond what your audience probably wants to hear. But, and I would say, you know, at this point, most of what you can buy a supplement, have doses that are so low. This is where there's an important discord and so also. When we do experiment, we've seen amazing things in laboratory animals in terms of supplementing whether or not an anomen. This is where the excitement comes from. But typically, these animals are getting 10 times more than what you're buying as a supplement. And the reason is, I think, you know, grass sort of status is given to these companies to give us more amounts. Yeah, grass meaning generally we're going to just say the FDA's criteria for giving something that is naturally occurring. Yes. Yeah, but doesn't require it to go down the IND pharmacologic pathway. Eric, if you were taking one gram a day of NMM and your homocysteine went from 7 to 15, I guess two questions would be, has that been reported elsewhere? Is there, do we, is that a known phenomenon in the trials that are testing NMM or are they measuring homocysteine to see if that's, I must have read it somewhere because I was, I was looking for it. And then the second question is, how would you then tolerate 10 grams of NMM? I mean, if one gram is doing that, what, I mean, now you're, you would deplete all one carbon, what does that mean you wouldn't even be able to alter your epigenome in ways that might be favorable? You run all kinds of risk and a number of people that I've seen the same thing and start taking trimethylglyceine or, you know, so to try to supplement is I do worry about this. I think for me, and again, I want to reiterate the fact that I think the data and NMM models of what some of the things that we've seen with some of these precursors is really interesting and, and really, you know, this is why there's so much interest. Did you ever try using TMG to see if it would offset the, no, I didn't. Okay, there would be an interesting self-expertion. Okay, what about intravenous NAD? So that, that is sort of one of my pet peeves. And again, you know, I try and everything to be, to remain open-minded to things that I don't know and don't understand. My prediction is that first NAD is not a, an extremely, really molecule. NAD does not exist, well, almost does not exist at all in the plasma. It is an intra-sadutor. And as I mentioned, you know, high concentration in mitochondria, somewhat much lower in the cytoplasm and in nucleus. So the whole idea of injecting intravenous NADs, first it's too big to be absorbed by cells. So what is the body doing with it? There is a famous paper by Josh Strabeneritz. Robin of it, that showed that if you inject it actually intravenously, you actually get it, mostly, cannibalized by the liver and to nicotine amide. Nicotine amide is one of the fraction of nicotine. You can buy this at the pharmacy for very cheap. You can go into an IV clinic and get a $700 injection of NAD. Very few studies, one or two. I've read both of them. They're interesting. So my opinion is that NAD intravenously is not something that should be done. The same thing for subtotaneously. I've seen another company that sells it subtotaneously. Really no evidence for doing this. Now that being said, I've heard, and this is where I tried to remain open-minded because they obviously we don't know everything. I have heard anecdotal evidence of dramatic effect in some patients with Parkinson's. People really describing sort of not a miraculous, but a near miraculous effect right after the infusion having increased in motor performance and you can really assess, in someone who's a severe Parkinson's. So again, NAD studies systematically. There's a lot of... Is there mechanistically is there a reason you could explain that through dopamine or something else? There's a whole literature on the effect of NAD precursors and so on on Parkinson's, most of the animal models. And I think there are lots of clinical trials going on in Parkinson's as well. But more using to stand at NAR and NAMN. The thing that I've described is more a couple of friends who've told me, I've seen this. Not enough to make a product, but enough maybe to question, maybe this is there's something more to it than what we truly know. But the proliferation of these intravenous clinics, frankly, how complicated is it to produce a bag of intravenous NAD? I don't think it's very complicated. I've never made it. I know making an MN at purity is really not, you know, took some effort to scale it up and some of the companies that have been doing this right now is like one major supplier out of China, pretty much everybody uses. But in terms of NAD, I don't think this is an industrial process and I can tell you it's not $700. Yeah, I'm sure it's not. So do you think... If a person was going to supplement with one orally, do you think there's a case for NAR being superior to NAMN? I would say no. I would say take them both. If you're going to do something and you want to a bit of an insurance, let's say, and I did this for a while. I'm not doing it right now. Take 250 milligrams of each and you'll have a half a gram. You are in a relatively safe dose, follow your homocysteine. If you are 60 or above, you could make the case. This could be part of a stack. Although this is the same thing that we see with so many of these supplements right now, you know, which one do you take, which ones are beneficial. There's one a little bit of a dark cloud, a link to NAD supplementation is the demonstration that the SASP is actually dependent on NAD levels. And so when you actually increase NAD levels, you might be increasing these program flammatory markers. So because let me make sure I understand why, because the SASPS, which for folks listening, these are the soluble products made by the Sinescent cells that effectively are doing all the bad things that we don't want to see Sinescent cells doing. So now, they are dependent on CD38 to some extent. So as CD38 goes up, they go up and are you saying as you give more NAR and more NMM? You might be turning up the SASPS. Yeah. The other thing also is there's been some, by the way, all of this, let me finish, you finish your point and then I want to make a broader point. No, there's also some worry about the fact that supplementing with some of these precursors might also accelerate tumor growth. So this would not have an effect in UNI, we don't have a cancer, but if it's someone out there who has an early form of cancer, this could lead to an acceleration. This is something that's been shown in NAD MOMOTALs that it giving some some powers to some people in terms of recommending this to be taken over by everyone. Now, the folks who make this have strenuously denied that there is any validity to those animal models that have suggested that or the, and some of this has been done in VETRO as well, correct? So how, I'm not very familiar with that literature. I saw, I remember seeing one study, it was very small. You know, my take on it was, I guess if you had cancer, this might be a bad idea to take, but but I didn't find it that convincing. So I agree with you. And it's, it is a general consideration for a whole field of longevity research is, you know, better as the enemy of good is something that was sort of drilled into me as I went through medical school. You know, we have a term in French, which is sort of like therapeutic overdoing it, you know, just doing too much. There is such a thing as overdoing it for your patients. And in this case, the whole longevity field, you know, is embracing a whole series of these intervention. I mean, it is not a week that doesn't go by that I don't see a new supplement being touted online. And so on, and I read about all of them, the question is, which ones should you be taking? Which ones are actually risky, which ones are not? And to me, this is part of the whole balance of the equilibrium. I'm trying to reach. If there's something that really has a beneficial effect, you want to be on it as soon as possible. If not, you know, why take the chance? Yeah, I think that's, I mean, you said it, that's the point I was going to make at the outset, but you've said it so much better. Let's pivot a little bit to a couple of the things I want to chat about quickly. Let's talk about inner loop in 11. So big trial last fall that looked at blocking inner loop in 11, which is a molecule that's made by immune cells, plays an important role in inflammation. And this was done in mice and those mice lived longer. What do you make of the study? Read the paper like you. I don't have sort of an inside knowledge about, and of course, when the paper came out, it was like a turlook in 11. I mean, I don't even know what it is. You talk about one in turlook in one, two, four, seven, six, seven, you know, but 11 never heard about it. So I went to, and there's actually, you know, it goes up to like 30. So I went and read the paper. It's, it's an inflammatory marker. So again, it could be a, on par with one in six? No, I would say probably not. So it came out a little bit in the left, out of the left field. But it sort of makes sense in the context of what we know about the inflammatory response linked to aging. So and maybe this is where I can, I can add one point is when we think about the chronic inflammation of aging, sort of inflammation, it is both cause and effect. We talked about how the immune response helps you to protect yourself against the in any immune response against pathogen as a first line of defense. The in any immune response also has another important role is that it recognizes damage, any kind of damage. If you cut yourself, if you have a wound, you know, inside of your, or your artery, a coronary artery, the coronary artery, the, this will act, any kind of damage unfolded proteins. There's all kinds of things. So the in any immune response will be triggered and will activate itself. So as we age and as damage slowly accumulates, because aging is a slow, irreversible accumulation of damage. Eventually, your immune system responds to this by becoming chronically activated. And so the problem is that you might think, well, this is great because you actually repairing all of this damage. The problem is the activation of the immune response by itself becomes problematic because these cells of microfages, for example, a powerful tissue remodler. And so the immune system in this case is sort of Dr. Jackie Lennon, Mr. Khaide, it's helping, but it's facing an unsurmarnable amount of damage. And eventually, it's activation leads to an AD depression. That's one of the things that it does, but many other things stem cell dysfunction and mitochondrial dysfunction. So the whole idea here is that 11, my simply B, I mean, is one of the key markers of this chronically activated immune system. So this is not something I imagine you're going to give to a 20 year old. But in someone who's getting really in the part where chronic immune, immune activation is present, could really play an important role in the future. And what the paper showed was again in mice, but for what I understand is already an existing molecule. Yes. And there actually, recently was contacted by a company that has another novel inhibitors of I.L. 11. You can imagine this to become part of the whole armamentarium that we have against aging. And then how do you see playing that off something in the other sense back in? Because because we're really trying to deal with two sides of this system, we want to tamp down the part that's over active and we want to ramp up the part that's underactive. So we've got basically the only example we have over here is Rapa Mison. This one does this. And then we now have I.L. 11 inhibition or I mean, I use knockout mice, but block this that did good thing. So is this one of those things where you need to do both to get, by the way, maybe you have growth hormone over here as well. Right. One there also. Yes. I.L. 11. That's right. So as well, we've just got shot. Block I.L. 11. Block I.L. 11. Give growth hormone, give Rapa Mison. I mean, but here's the problem. You get into this reductionist state, which is like the whole NAD, world of NR and NMM, and it sounds great. But what if there's unintended consequences we can't see? Like even as much as I love thinking about this and want to do all of these things, I start to think, man, what is the probability we're going to get this right? I agree. And the immune system is an incredibly tenuous system, which is in really delicate balance. So the balance is too much immunity. You might say, well, this is good. Protection against cancer, protection against microbes, you know, but then you get autoimmunity. But then you get autoimmunity. Not enough immunity, while you run the risk of being, you know, killed by an pneumonia or some kind of infection. But at least you don't have too much inflammation. Yes. Yeah. So it is a very fine balance. Well, this gets to this is why I wish we had a dashboard. What are the biomarkers we can use for these things? Because we don't have this problem with blood pressure. We don't have this problem with thyroid hormone. We don't have this problem with so many things that we treat because we can measure what we care about. That's a good point. And the question is, you know, what is first, I mean, the immune system is so complex. There's not going to be one single marker. You know, my colleague David Throwman is this this thing called I age, which is a immune aging set of tests that you can actually conduct. That was the first attempt trying to measure immune aging. You know, they have a whole bunch of things. What do they actually measure? Is it all serum biomarkers? Yes, serum biomarkers and mostly cytokines, CxC. Validated how? Benvalidated in clinical studies. So they they they they I am you know aging. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I age. Oh, I age. Yes. I don't know I don't know if it's so this was developed and pioneered by David Throwman and Mark Davis. So David Throwman is with us at the back Mark Davis's still at Stanford. I guess this brings us to to clocks. Yes. I don't even know if I have the energy to talk about this. Okay, where do you want to begin? There's so many of these things out there. Yes. Some of them are commercially available. Some of them are just tools of research at the moment. Some of them aim to tell you an actual age, an actual number that represents your biological age as opposed to your chronological age. Some of them don't aim to tell you that at all they just want to tell you a rate of aging. Some of them look only at the epigenetic signature and others they look directly at the methylation sequence. Others look at a host of markers, including some very simple serum biomarkers like glucose levels and vitamin D levels and things like that. So how do you make sense of all of those tools? Right now we don't. I think so first statement is there are not ready for prime time in terms of patient management. There are research tools. And I think I Which is interesting because they're far outside of research labs at this point. Yes, they are available commercially. I've done the same thing. I don't remember who you told me. Someone actually it was it mad. Matt Kaden. I measured his clocks. I do the same thing. Actually I measured them every three months and I used it. It's just a scatter plot. It's a scatter plot in a way, I'm between 25 and 68 which is of course I like the clock that show me to be young. So that being said, so we know that we're learning. So we know that for example you alluded to the fact that they can vary the same clock. There's circ... So Kaden variation for example, five years. So your age can vary by five years using some of the clocks depending on when you measure when you you say. What time of day? Yeah, what time of day? Which is that biology that just tells you, the epigenome is something that's highly dynamic. And so that's something as we learn. Obviously the companies will encourage you to measure it to draw the blood always at the same time. Now the whole field by now is pretty much focused. Pretty almost completely focused on DNA methylation. And see if Horvath don't beautiful work. I mean it's really piranity or work identifying all this and Morgan Living and others have gone on. Dan Belsky, I think with Denodine pace, which is another epigenetic clock that measures the pace of aging. By the way, I think this probably my favorite because it really seems to be responding to interventions. You know, if you change your diet or if you do something, you will see your pace of aging are changing. So I think that one to me seems more promising. But it's a whole small, you know, we don't know how to use these tools clinically. That's the problem. They're nice gadgets to buy. You know, the company is selling new supplements and then they're selling you the tests with it. I don't know what to make of it. Personally, I think this is not ready for prime time. It's something that should be done in the future. It might become in the future. Would you agree with my stern words on this because I've made a lot of enemies by saying that if as a consumer you encounter a company that is selling you a test, especially a test that is not validated in any clinic, clinically meaningful way. And then in the same breath, selling you a supplement to fix the result of that test, you need to run. I agree. I mean, I just, I don't have the patience for that kind of behavior. So I'm going to tell me actually, recently, that one of these tests, actually, that you can measure almost everyone who gets their result is low. And of course, low being good or bad in this test. No, whatever. No, it's bad. Bad. Yeah. It's insufficient. And the next step is the recommendation you have to buy this supplement to solve the problem. So, yes, I think, you know, again, it's the same thing with the sort of twins and the NAD. Let's not throw out the baby with the bath water. There's a whole series of these players. I'm not disputing their honesty or their good intention from what I've seen. I think it's too early. And what do you think is the biggest problem? Is the biggest problem? The biologic noise in the system, which means even if you had the absolute perfect tool to measure and you knew exactly what to measure. The movement of that thing is so great that the probability that you're capturing a meaningful value is irrelevant. In other words, imagine that there's a variable that moves like this. But on the small level, it's moving like this. And I'll give you an example. Imagine you were measuring heart rate, but you could only sample it milliseconds at a time. And what you were actually measuring was heart rate variability instead of heart rate. It would be useless. It's too noisy. Great. I agree. So, I agree. Do you think that's the problem? No, I don't think that's a problem. And I'll speak personal experience. I work with true diagnostic. When you get, they use the epic array and you get not one clock. You get dozens. So, I get all of them. And they tend to be reproducible every three months unless I make some interventions. But in general, there's some consistency consistency. And I'm not the only one to see in this. So, my advice if you really are determined to use them, use all of them. They all are sort of a different mirrors of your reality. You know, the problem of the methylation clocks is that there's a very tenuous link between the change of methylation that any given site and the biology. So, when, you know, typically the clock will measure about 500, will relax each clock would rely on about 500 different methylation sites. But they're not attached to a specific gene. So, you don't really know what it means. But how are they even doing that? They're not measuring with point arrays. How are they? They do this with arrays. They're doing this with array. They've had about 20 million methylation sites that they're assessed. But each clock uses a subset for 500. Now, the biggest problem with the clocks, for my perspective. So, it just to be clear, you're saying they're actually measuring point of methylation. Yes. Yes. Yes. The quantifying the level of methylation at each of these sites, the problem with the clocks is also where do you obtain them from? Typically blood. As I mentioned, it's a heterogeneous compartment. As you age, for example, you know that your fraction of nave decels decreases down to cross to zero. If you 80 years old, your memory decels increase. So, we did a very simple experiment. We sorted all of these different t-cell subsets, memory nave, central memory, temporarily differentiated and measured their epigenetic age, using several of the clocks, 20 to 25 years difference between nave and the central memory. In the right direction. The direction you would put nave a much longer. So, which is, you know, that's someone interesting? There was really interesting for me because it means also any conditions where you see a shift in the relative proportion of decels. For example, you get an acute COVID infection. What happens? You have a massive expansion of your memory decels. So, it looks like you're going to, and then you sample and given the decels look much older than the other ones, you're going to look like you're aging. And so, so, and there's a whole literature that talks about Accelerated Aging and Rometharic Thritis in COVID and HIV. All of these conditions that are all associated with chronic immune activation. So, that's another confounding variable. So, what we did to do this with a student and a lab, we made a new clock in which we eliminated all of these methylation sites that are linked to differentiation. So, now this clock that we've done does not vary actually as a function of the types of cells that are in the blood. So, as a T cell goes from being a nave T cell, to being a memory T cell, to being a temra, the methylation patterns changed as part of the epigenetic regulation. So, we eliminated all of those sites and made a new clock called Intrgent Clock, which actually is impervious to your level of immune activation. And what's interesting is that that clock doesn't change anymore during COVID. It doesn't change very little during HIV. It doesn't change during a whole series of conditions where people have talked about aging, et cetera, etc. Including the story that we talked about earlier on growth hormone. What does change it then? What does change it? Cancer? Cinecens, which is really interesting. What about short-term interventions that might be beneficial? So, if you took an individual who is insulin resistant and you put them on a GOP1 agonist and three months later, they're 20 pounds lighter and their insulin resistance has resolved. How does that change on the clock? I would not be able to tell you specifically for individual clocks, but then Bellski's Dennidin pace clock is the one that repeatedly people have shown seems to be responding to interventions, which is the two qualities that you want in a clock is one to be predictive and the other one to be predictive of ultimatum comes life expectancy or occurrence of disease, but also you want it to be modulatable, responsive, and many of them actually about the end reproducible. I'm reproducible. Yeah. reproducible I think is more a question of the laboratory that's doing it, so there are not- But also potentially the biologic noise still. Exactly. So, biologic noise and laboratory conditions speak to reproducibility. I agree with what you said. I mean, I've often made this case when people ask me about clocks is my gripe with with the age clock. So again, the pace clock is different because it's just trying to give you a rate of ageing and I agree with you. I think there might be more there, but these clocks that spit out, hey, Eric, congratulations, you're 25. I say to someone who says, isn't that wonderful? I say, maybe, but do you actually believe that a 60 year, 68, your 68 and your clock said you're 25? Should I expect you to live another 55 year? Yes. In other words, is it predictive? Is it a better predictor of future life than chronologic age? And the answer is to my knowledge, no, there is no clock that has a better ability to predict lifespan than chronologic age does. And until that's the case, I worry that the biologic clocks are creating a bit of a distraction, at least this subset of clocks and that we may be ought to focus better on clocks where the readout state is more about is this intervention good or bad? Yeah. Or is this a net positive intervention or a net negative intervention? I agree. And as we mentioned earlier, the field initially focused on the epigenetic clocks because this is Steve's Horvats and Pyronerian works, got everybody to start thinking we can generate these tools, but the field is not moving into proteomics clock. Is that what makes up Dan's clock? Dan is a methylation. It's also methylation. Why do you think it's doing a better job than maybe Horvats clock at the moment? I think typically it really depends on how what the co-horror is, what the question was. I don't know. I think Dan's is the only one that's doing it in this way. Why is it working better? They're just looking at it in a completely different way. How much is AI facilitating this at this point? But she's learning as a key instrument. Essentially what these clocks are is a regression analysis on to you know you start with a variable which is your age and you regress each methylation site onto the age. You do this on enough people of different ages. You find an average. And eventually what the clocks... I wonder if that's the wrong way to do it. Wouldn't it be better to buy a bank these to get buy a banked data and instead of mapping it onto age? Appet on to a number of years remaining in life because if you'll know that in a buy a bank. Chronological. And Steve used to go around saying my correlation coefficient is 99. And I was like well that's because that's what you built it on. Yeah, he's like yeah. I can look at a calendar. I don't need a nippy-genetic clock to tell me how well I am but the next generation clocks actually had a bigger spread when you look at off course you have an average. Right because they started to build it on a different variable. Exactly. So what really excites me right now is the whole idea that the field is moving on to the next stage which is non-appetionated clocks. Because I'm still frustrated. It is a biologist trying to understand what are these clocks. It should be everything. I mean why would we do... I mean it doesn't make any sense to me whether we wouldn't look at the metabolome, the proteome and the epigenome. I mean we should look at every... I mean there's no excuse today with the compute power not to do that right? We have clocks based on fundus. We have clocks based on skin. We have clocks based on facial recognition. So the clocks are going to be measured using dozens of different biological variables. Any biome, a small company in the barrier is using it the tongue. A tongue picture, the old doctor looking at your tongue so you can actually use machine learning to recognize patterns of discoloration and another exciting story was I don't know if you're familiar with a Tony Whiskore's paper using proteomics. He has shown for example the proteome in plasma changes throughout life. Pretty dramatic manner which is really completely mind-boggling for me just to see that you can be so different as you age in terms of your whole blood proteome. Why? I mean if the epigenome is changing then gene expression is changing if gene expression is changing. No, no, bro. Yeah, yeah, yeah, it's okay. But we have, you know, so they've used this to that it would change to such a degree. Yeah, Tony has a beautiful slide which shows you know all of the proteome in the blood and how the colors changed across the... And the using that most of those changes are post-translational? No, most of them are a protexpression level. It's expression. Yeah, it's expression. People are building transcriptomics clock and so Tony now has a study that is I believe in press or coming out soon where they've gone back using this proteomics clock and they've done this on a UK bio bank more than 40,000 different people and this is the study I we started this discussion on identifying which organs are so what Tony did was actually remarkable. He looked at each of these proteins that are in the blood and selected some that were predictive to be coming from unique organs. Imagine what you know about how you measure a tropomycin for for heart attack. So they did this they went and looked in every single organ and say okay what proteins are specific of this organ and which ones actually can be measured into the plasma and using this they were able to generate what they call an organ specific clock. So what they simply from a blood draw they're able to to really determine do you have a frailty point and when I look at you is there like suffering happening in this is Tony's work through the proteomics. Tony was correct it's a new start-up called Viro which is I'm in full disclosure I've joined the board of this company but I only joined the board because I was really excited about what they're trying to do and I think it really brings a whole new dimension to these predictive biomarker which is more aligned to what you and I have seen as physicians you know it's a simple mind it's a protein is released into the blood it shouldn't be there it might be indicating some suffering and I have discussed with some colleagues who have used this clock and have identified some abnormal aging in a unique organ only to go back and find that there was indeed one problem without going into you know what the issues were but you can yeah I mean the challenge the thing that the reason I tend to be a slow adopter of these things is even if that's the case the question is how much noise is in the system so I go and do that test on a patient and it comes back and says oh my god there's something wrong with your liver your kidneys a bit too old you're this you're that you're this you're that so I have two fundamental questions the first is could I have figured that out another way so if it's telling me your liver is angry or something's wrong with your liver how do your transamination is look right if it's telling me something's wrong with your kidney could I've picked that up on a urinary analysis looking at you know 20 you know creatinine clearance or you know system c or something else in other it's is it giving me information that I can get elsewhere in a more reproducible more validated fashion the second thing is let's say it tells me seven things are not perfect and I ultimate and by the way everything looks perfect so I have my standard essays everything looks awesome this test says oh my god these six or seven things are problematic and I go poking around poking around poking around and I find out one of them is indeed not working but the other six were perfectly fine so now we have this huge false positive situation it's it's the same problem we have a cancer screening which is you know buyer needs to be wear of the Pandora's box you open and at least with MRI you're dealing with imaging but this sounds like exciting and yet it's a bit of a black box agree where it's gonna spit out oh my god there's something wrong with your left testicle oh my what do I need to do you know and that that being said I think you know the essays are generated in a way that there are multiple it's not like one single protein like a triple of triple mice and we know that that's a clear indicator there's something sell death in in terms of your heart in this case the clocks are generated in a way that there are multiple centenels for each organ you know many now the story I was talking about so early days okay we totally agree with this it's a startup I think they will you know they will deploy it and obviously it's gonna take again a group of physicians who are able to look at these tests and this is this is what research is this is what startup you know can't blame them for trying because I think it has a potential for example to highlight a frilty point which is in in aging research to me is really critical you could have the best mind and the best hearts in the world if something else is going to fail that you are completely unaware of you want to know as soon as as you can and so my prediction is I'll share the paper with you if you're interested in looking it's quite exciting in terms of where this is leading but I agree with you early days yeah I will probably maintain a shockingly high degree of skepticism and and probably enjoy some experimentation with it but again my my experience in the real world is that that's just not how it works right there aren't people walking around that are insanely remarkably healthy where everything looks amazing but they have some time bomb they don't know about with the exception of a few things that I'm not sure it would pick up for example cancer is always that thing and of course there's an entire field of me noticing this going around with liquid biopsies that's exactly trying to solve that problem it could be reconereward the liquid biopsie industry through the lens you said which is it's looking for that weakest link which in this case is the earlier signs of cancer and it could be that a cancer will manifest itself also in local organ suffering and and again leaching it might actually points along with the liquid biopsies tell you you have some cancer cell it might tell you my point you to one place where actually this is actually happening yeah again it's it's interesting you know the the case that I've made about MRI is the same because I have a whole bunch of physician friends who tell me I get a yearly MRI and they tell me why do you do this I say well because I would rather know and as a well you're gonna find all kinds of things I said we did find something I had a tumor and in behind my jaw and it turns out I'm a mass it was not a tumor but it took me six months of worrying about what it was and decided not to biopsie and anything my sense of all of this is that these are novel ways to practice medicine then yeah yeah and and I'm I'm criticized heavily for being too much on the forefront of doing that but probably not nearly as far as some right I still at the end of the day I think about every time you do a test one you never do a test unless you're willing to act on an outcome or you have a sense of how an outcome will change your your behavior like it we don't order tests for the sake of information we order tests to make decisions and therefore you must at a minimum understand the full suite of outcomes that can come from the test and how many of them will pose huge trouble for you I think honestly a 20% of my patients opt not to do whole body MRI and I fully endorse that decision and I tried to talk patients out of it I really tried to highlight how many times we find thyroid nodules that we have to put needles into that ultimately end up being nothing and all we do is subject them to that risk and the anxiety that comes along with it so anyway that's I'm eager to look at this because I do think that the proteum offers a lot but I'm always worried about going a little too far on the clinical implication of a test I agree I'm with you in terms of being careful I viewed this as another attempt and for example you know we talked about the data showing that the two organs that appear to be limiting in terms of aging the immune system and the brain that came out of that that story this were that's actually the title of the paper essentially that identifies the brain and the immune system so they they have a whole series of immune immune markers that are predictive of some degree of immune activation and so on well Eric there's a lot of other things I wanted to chat about but I think what we'll do is we'll have you come back out to Austin for another day of driving at Kota and then we'll we'll we'll we'll justify it by doing another podcast where we dive deeper into some of these topics we we really take advantage of the fact that we have the best race course in the country here in our backyard so absolutely I think you're gonna have fun tomorrow and good you'll be like let's come right back and do it again every month I'm looking for it to this thank you Eric thank you