You can build a great body on six exercises. I just don't see any evidence that anything Trump's exercise. 50% of Americans are not training or doing any kind of exercise. You don't know you're losing the battle until it's too late. They a little bit about the programming. I know that it works and I know that it doesn't have to be hard and it doesn't have to be uncomfortable. Galaton muscle health is really what we're talking about. Do you think that the average person appreciates the role of nutrition in that? The minimum amount of protein I would ever recommend would be 100 grams. It's not sex specific. It's body weight specific. Up until about 18 months ago, I was still squatting and deadlifting regularly, though, with much less weight. I just sort of decided the risk reward trade-off wasn't there for me. You're not gonna piggyback someone in and take a shit. Like that's not how it's gonna work. In order to get used to the bathroom, you all need to be able to body weight squat. Coaches want kids to specialize earlier and earlier. If you look at most of these people that are telling you that kids need year-round sports, are people who are making their living from year-round sports. It's not like injury rates are going down. So we're playing more and getting injured more. Is there something significant that you've changed your mind on? And not just changed your mind on, but it's changed the way you behave. Hey everyone, welcome to the Drive Podcast. I'm your host, Peter Atia. Lady and gentlemen, thank you so much for all making the trip out to Austin. I've been looking forward to this one for a while. As some listeners might know, this is our second version of a round table. But unlike the first one where I had interviewed the three guests multiple times previously and they were very familiar to the audience. All three of you are people who's work. I'm very familiar with, but I've never had the privilege of sitting down with you one on one. And as much as I would have loved to have done that first, I think it would have stood in the way of doing this today. So before we jump into what we're about to talk about today, which is all things related to resistance training, I want to just ask each of you to maybe give the non-biobversion of who you are and as such why I think you're a great part of this. Let's start with you, Gabriel. Certainly, well, my name is Dr. Gabriel Lyon and I'm a fellowship trained physician in geriatric syndrome and nutritional sciences. I did my fellowship at WashU. And at the time, I was very reluctant to do geriatrics because it can be a very arduous and sad experience. But I was fascinated by the nutritional research side. And there was a moment we were working on a study looking at body composition brain function. And I really took to one of the participants and I mentioned her brain. And at her mid-50s, she looked like the beginning of an Alzheimer's brain. And in that moment, Musclecentric Medicine, which is the concept that I practiced and founded was born. And it's really that skeletal muscle is the focal point of all our health and wellness. I'm an author, wrote a New York Times best seller, called Forever Strong. And I continue to do research and work within the space and on UC patients. I do UC patients. I have a medical practice. I do UC patients. And we actually just submitted a paper that got accepted for publication on sexual function, the relationship between sexual function and muscle mass. OK, cool. Yeah. Mike. Michael Boyle, I'm a coach. I've been a coach. This is my 43rd year actually coaching. I was lucky enough to bounce right out of college and into a college job. I started out as an athletic trainer. When you said to be amodist, I think I invented training for the NFL Combine, at least as a book that says I did invent training for the NFL Combine in the 80s. I worked in the NHL for the Boston Bruins in the 90s from 99 while I worked at BU because strength coaches were basically part-timers at that point. And worked at BU for 30 something years opened a business for profits, strengthen conditioning, probably the first one in the United States in 1997. And then in 2012, I left BU where I've kind of always had more than one job. And I jumped over to the Red Sox for two years and was able to get a world series ring out of the Red Sox in two years. And then realized that that was not very conducive with being what I really want to be a good father and a good husband and was like, OK, I'm done with pro sports. So now I coached my son and his friends. I have a son of a place called the Cross. And I'm still actually functioning as a personal trainer, I guess, in some cases and as a strength and finishing coaching, in some cases. So I'm more than anything just a practitioner. And what type of clients do you see now? What's the range? The range is 11 to in their 80s. So that's our client range. We don't take kids until they're 11 because we really don't want them in the gym before that. And we'll take them as old as we can get them. But I think the oldest right now is early. Actually, no, we had 89. And that's actually my son's pediatrician just turned 89 and retired last year, believe it or not, Dr. Leeder had still been working all those times. And he's one of we have a couple of three generation families of which he's won. We have him. We have his kids. And we have his kids that are all training in the same space. We're at, well, there are a lot of things I want to talk about that are embedded in there. So we'll come back to it and Jeff. Jeff Cavaliers. So I'm a physical therapist by trade. Sort of moved out of the clinic at an early stage. I've got a great opportunity to work in that role for the New York Metz, which was a dream country for me because I was a die-hard met fan growing up. It was like, you know, presented the dream job. And from there, sort of piggybacked into how could I continue this education of athletes on a broader platform? Was well aware of the power of the internet at that time. So I started a YouTube channel, which by luck, beyond just my family members of Scriber Early On, I got a few others that did along the way. And sort of piggybacked that into a broader message, which was, OK, it's now it's not just about training athletes and empowering athletes, but how do I empower people who want to be more athletic, feel more athletic, move more athletically in daily life, not just in where they're going to pay to paycheck. So that became my mission, really, from that point. Now, beyond having to sort of maintain a certain level of consistency because I want to practice what I preach. I also have two young boys. I started late 40 years old. I have twins. And now I feel like I got to make sure I can keep up with them when they're ready to have me be able to run them play. So I have a lot of motivation to keep doing what I'm doing and stay in the shape I am. But I believe that it requires having understanding of injury, training around injuries, because no matter what, as we get older, things do start to break down. And I think you have to have strategies to be able to push through that and train around that. And I think that's where my big strength is as a PT to provide that background to help people do that more readily. Let's start with a question that probably has an answer, although I actually am a bit embarrassed to say I don't know the answer. Some wondering if what any of you guys do. Do we have a sense of what percentage of people in the United States do not practice resistance training? Well, we know that 50% of Americans are not training or doing any kind of exercise. I from the research that I've read up until recently, it's probably 70% do not meet the criteria for both activities. 70% in total, then, I don't think it's 70% of people who are doing some form of exercise. That's a great question. I believe that it is 70% of people in total. Got it. Okay. I can't even fact check that. I mean, that's. I can't believe it. I think it's lower in terms of if you talk about resistance training because we were talking about lower than 30% would do resistance training then. Yeah. Because I think 20% of people belong to a gym. If we look at home gym stats aren't very good in terms of people, their home gym person who actually has one in use is it is probably more unicorny than we think they are. And so if you start looking at that number, 20% have a membership 50% of those people use it, which now brings us down to only 10% of people in the United States are actually in a gym. And then you look at that and say, what percentage of them are resistance training? Maybe now we're down to 5% because you see a lot more hamster wheel people who are just walking on a treadmill or walking on a stair climber or whatever it is. So I would think the numbers are pretty low. We spoke a little bit about this, but we have digital statistics that actually show people who have signed up to train with our programs, let's say, either be at home or at the gym. The percentage of people that make it through our programs is only 20% and that's very high. That's just the industry standard. Right. Which is usually like 10% or so. So those are people who show the commitment, made a purchase, put their heart on dollars behind it, have everything they need. I would think in terms of the tools and sets and reps and what's supposed to be done. We only 10% will finish the program. So I think that's a pretty remarkable statement on why people can't. I think there's a lot more of a desire to do things, but the ability to actually follow through is where I think we're having a hardest time. So it might be then Gabrielle, your stat is 70% of 50. The reciprocal of that 30% of 50, 15. It might be that our range is somewhere from 5 to 15%. If I were going to sort of triangulate between these three data points. Again, that's kind of a hard thing to digest if you're asking the question. And I've never been sort of shy about my thesis, which is of all the pillars that we have to embark on improving our health, whether it be changing our nutrition, improving our sleep, taking the medications and supplements that can be actually quite important. I just don't see any evidence that anything trumps exercise. Purely from an actual lifespan perspective and from the standpoint of reducing the risk of chronic disease, when you then layer in the benefits it has on quality of life. I mean, it's just sort of a no brainer. So what do you think and Mike, I'm going to start with you because you've been at this the longest? What do you think explains the disconnect between the fact that we have this incredible tool that will lengthen your life, improve the quality of your life, make you look and feel better. And yet, five, 10 at most, 15% of people engage in it. What are the barriers? I think the biggest barrier is just life, lifestyle, kids, jobs, people thinking you really have to commit to is it getting there early? Is it going there after work? Whatever it is, it's adding hours to you day. I think that's probably the biggest barrier. In some ways, I guess that's economic, right? People don't have the economic freedom to say, hey, I can devote. That's why I laugh sometimes when I hear people talking about hours. It's a week of exercise and hours, week of cardio. I just kind of snicker in terms of if I can get someone to do two hours a week. And that's why I like your guideline more of, I think you said 75 hard minutes and I'm like 75 hard minutes now is realistic. But even 150 minutes, some of the guidelines are crazy. And then there is a lack of awareness. People, you don't know you're losing the battle until it's too late. That's what we see in our business. We see people coming in and you think, wow, thank God you got here now at 50. You're thank God you got here now at 55 because the end for you is going to be bad. But you're, and I'm not saying this to flatter you, I've been following you for a while. And you know, you and you are getting the message out in a way that it hasn't gotten out before. Because the message before was either geeky or nichey or whatever it was, but it wasn't this, hey, this is really good for you. And this is going to make you live longer and live better, which stubble bonus. I mean, you know, you want to live longer, but you don't want to, who wants a long shitty life, excuse me, I don't know if it's supposed to swear, but who we swear don't work. But do you know what I mean? Versus looking at it and saying, hey, I would like to live longer and Jeff and I talked about this, I've experienced 50 to 65 and trust me. It's not fun. The decline is rapid and the decline is significant. And I think if people like, if you don't wake up by the time you're 50, you're going to be in real trouble by the time you're 65. Yeah, real, how much of a difference do you see between men and women on this front, not from this standpoint, not from the economic standpoint, but from some other barrier to entry? Do you see differences between men and women who are who are new to resist the training? I do. And the first thing that I want to say is you're absolutely right, there's nothing more important for maintaining health and wellness than taking care of muscle health, whether it's strength training mobility resistance, but skeletal muscle health is really what we're talking about. Where is the disconnect from men versus women or people in general? Part of it is cultural. We live in a society of comfort. It's very easy to take the escalator or take an elevator when it comes to nutrition. We all have to eat, but we don't all have to move. I literally could sit at my house order my groceries, Amazon Prime, everything, and I never had to take more than 300 steps. Where women typically strength and strength training has not been the focus. And we know that. Even just from a standpoint of walking to the gym. You don't see or you're starting to see it more. I really do feel like we are on the precipice of women recognizing the importance of strength and muscle, especially with new conversations around menopause and more potent conversations. But they're busy. And the other aspect of that is there are self-imposed limitations. A woman would look at a 40 pound weight and go, I can't let that. But she would look at her 40 pound toddler and go, I'm going to lift that and I'm going to carry my groceries and I got it. And that's really where I think that we can change the disconnect is re-educating the importance of muscle and then also changing the cultural conversation. Obviously, you're really fit. Has resistance training always been something you have enjoyed. Did you grow up doing it or something you kind of came to in your 20s or beyond? I grew up doing it. But at the time I was five, I was writing 10 miles on a bike. And with the conversation around children, if we teach them good habits now, then we don't have to have them spend a lifetime outgrowing old habits because we're not raising children or raising adults. And yes, I have always trained. So I'm in the same boat and I suspect that's true for all of us. And so one of the challenges that I know I have that's a bit of a blind spot is when I'm talking to patients who are perhaps representative of the real world, which is people who are like, actually, I don't enjoy the feeling. Like, I'm sure you've all heard this. I don't like the feeling of lifting weights. It hurts. I don't like that. I mean, I can't tell you how many times I've heard that. And I appreciate the honesty that I can't relate. And it's hard when you can't actually relate to what your patient is saying. I can relate when they complain about having to watch what they eat because that's a struggle I would have. But I truly can't relate to that. So do you think that that's a function of having started early? Or do you think that there are literally just, just as we have people with different eye colors and different heights, there are truly different, as in genetic, hard wiring that would speak to an individual's appetite for that kind of discomfort? I think it's, I actually think it's the latter. I think people, there are some people who are more inclined to enjoy that type of stress. I doesn't matter how much I run. I do not enjoy the stress of running. I don't enjoy how I feel. I don't enjoy the feeling I get in my lungs when I'm sucking for air. I'll do it because I know I have to. But I do. There's no enjoyability about that. Training hard and lifting weights and pushing myself to the upmost level of effort. That's always been something I actually kind of enjoy. And I think that it can be learned, though, you can get better at it. Just like I can learn the discipline to continue to push and run when I don't want to. So after doing it for a while when you start to see results, the results actually might become motivating enough to go like, well, there is a trade off here. I'm seeing the trade off. And I think that's what when we're talking about before about people, the start being the thing that's stopping people is that the perceived level of what they're going to have to do is usually bigger than what they have to do. I've mentioned before, you can build a great body on six exercises. Literally the row squat, deadlift bench, pull up the curl, done. Like you've got everything you need. You don't have to complicate it. If you keep trying to get stronger at those exercises, now you might get bored at tears, but you can build the prerequisite foundation to get a better body. But people want sometimes to complicate it in their heads so that they have an easier out because it makes it a little easier. See, I don't have time for all that. We like in it too. I've known a few people in my life who have wanted to start businesses. I got this great idea and the gung hole, they want to do it. Then they get caught up in. I don't know if I should set an LLC or if I should do it as a corporation. I want to get my business cards. I can't figure out my logo and they're doing all that stuff. They never take the stuff of actually just starting what their service is going to be. They never get going. People do the same thing in terms of fitness. They make it bigger and they make the commitment larger so that they can almost have a safe landing spot to be like, yeah, I'm just going to get it going. It's our job to educate them as to how simple it can actually be. Simple being like what you need to do, but I think the commitment to actually showing up and doing it, that's hard. What percentage of the people that walk into your gym are coming to resistance training for the first time? I'd say 50 if I was guessing because some of them were high school athletes and have some basic relationship with strength training. What percentage of them are approaching intelligence, strength training for the first time? 100%. Most of them are coming. We're going to party like it's 1999. People come in and they kind of look at us like what are you doing. I think that's where when you talk about people saying they discomfort, my first would be like, what discomfort? They shouldn't be in a discomfort. If you come in and start working with us, my whole goal, I say to somebody, you should get out of bed the next day and be like, I think I worked out. Yeah. I felt okay. I always tell everybody everything's engaged on how you if you get up in the morning and you're crippled. Yeah, we did something like I did a bad did a really bad job. You should not be uncomfortable at all. We should be able to, this is whatever, you know, slow and steady wins the race, 1% better, however you want to look at it. And if we can just layer like, I always think, I'm a big attendance guy. If I can get you show up two days a week for a year, you'll be remarkably different. And you might not have ever had, you know, many people, you know, balls to the wall or go to failure. Like we would have done none of that, zero. And yet you would look at somebody and think, wow, like if you came into our place, everybody looks younger than they do, every single person. I am 100% certain, not just of the longevity benefit, but about the physical change that people undergo because I just show you people and say, yeah, that guy's an 80 year old, two-time cancer survivor and people like he is. And I'm like, yep, they look different. And they all look different, they all look younger. And again, what is that? Is it hormonal? I don't, I mean, I would get out of my not a scientist, but I know I know that it works and I know that it doesn't have to be hard and it doesn't have to be uncomfortable. So let's talk about an example of somebody that walks in. So somebody walks in, they're 50 years old. Let's pick a male to start with, but we're going to do many case studies today. I think, because that's how people I think can sort of connect. My goal is to make sure everybody listening to this can identify with a person, theoretical person we're going to talk about. So 50 year old guy comes in. He's done a little bit of the trade-it-is-health for well thing. So he's been working himself to death. And he's had some health scare, right? He went to the doctor's office and they told him, your blood pressure is really high. There's something going on. Or he's just sort of confronted his own mortality. He's lost a parent, right? That's a big wake-up call for somebody in their 50s. Played sports in high school, but that was about it. So doesn't really do much of anything now. And somehow his land that himself in your gym, maybe he saw a he saw a Jeff on Instagram and he was like, that guy looks incredible. I got to do something. And what he's doing sounds cool. So how do you interview this guy? How do you find out what his goals are? And then how do you create that show up attendance pattern that's going to make sure he can give you a year of whatever it is two days a week? The show up attendance pattern is a big thing. And that's a really good book called Never Loose Customer again. And one of the things we talk about, we approach our business much more like a restaurant. And I got what's an unreasonable hospitality. I think is the Will Grdard book. And we try to get our, we try to train our coaches. We refer to them coaches more than trainers. Way more in the customer service skill, because we realize that we want to get the person to come back. That's the goal. Get them to come back. Get them to get through the first workout and come back. And we don't need to be people. I don't talk a few about their goals. Because I know what, I look, I think your goal is to not be the kind of sad sad sack of shit that you are right now, unfortunately. And that's, you know, we just want to get you going. So it's like, just get them on the conveyor belt and carry them through and make them, this is the one thing. And I have one of the things I wrote in my notes that CrossFit did well. They created community. You need to create community where people are comfortable. One of the, of Jeff problems that we had was people would say, I can't go there. It's all athletes because they come in. And you know, just from our marketing standpoint, there's jerseys all over the place. And it looks like a place where athletes train, but 65% of our business, so people like us. But just getting them to be comfortable in that environment and getting them to show up again. One week, tell everybody, if you've got new people in your group, you should text them. That day, and you should text them the next day. How was it? How did you feel this morning? We're trying to build a relationship because it's, it's relationship marketing. Get the person, no like trust, all the things that you read about. Get them to know you like you trust you. Want to come back, want to be part of it. And then we can take care of the training part, but the training part to me is relatively easy. It's the getting that person to be consistent and to come. And all in why I call them check the box clients. I just want check the box clients. If you check the box, which means I got to Mike Boyle's twice this week, you will get better. You will feel better. They're a little bit about the programming. I want to understand a little bit about programming for us. Very assembly, lineish, very, I always talk about the idea that it's a, it's a recipe and not a menu. So no one gets to pick what they want to do. You come in and it's like, no, this is, this is how the cake is made. It's in this order. This is what you get. Don't like it. Go someplace else with it. You know, go to plant fittings. You can make your own cake. You want to come here. You do it the way we do it. Everybody form roles. Everybody stretches. Everybody does their mobility work. Everybody does dynamic warm up. Everybody throws medicine balls. Everybody does some sort of power training. I want, I'd ply metrics, not really actually some sort of jump training. Then they'll go and they'll lift the lift takes 36 minutes. And then they'll go and they'll do some type of conditioning work. And we'll start really, really again, really easy. Try to give them something that's very achievable. Don't get them particularly tired. And then boom, out the door. There's an hour. Hour, hour, door to door. Not hour, door to the shower. Yeah. Okay. And 36 minutes of that is the actual resistance training. But obviously everything that's leading up to it and on the back of it is, I mean, that's clearly training as well, right? Right. Right. And the more, I think, honestly, for the old decline, more important. We always talk about it for 15 minutes. It's more important. Getting people to roll to stretch, to start to deal with the tissue limitations. Because most everybody that comes in has something. No one comes in. Healthy, no one comes in and thinks so. I have nothing that hurts. Progress is made by advancing weight, advancing reps, advancing sets, jumping higher. I mean, personally, well, mostly by advancing weight. I mean, if you're going to look at the simplest way, it's just try to get them because again, females, right? You're just trying to get them to engage in progressive resistance. I always think with someone said, you know, I've been doing the five pound dumbbells for the last year. I'm like, oh, you're only wasted like 50 weeks. Right. You know, so our thing is just get them to pick up something that's a little heavier. Get them, you know, we try to figure out ways to, you know, could be isometric. It could be centrics. It could be, you know, we try to vary it because now we're in the, with our adult clients, we're in the entertainment business a little bit. In terms of, we've got to keep it interesting. Like you said, you can do six exercises, but we have to figure out are there 14 different versions of those six exercises that we can do to keep somebody not thinking they're doing the same thing over and over again. And so that's, if we get one complaint, it might be that it's, we're doing, we do the same exercises a lot. It's kind of like, yeah, because we do the good ones. But we don't, our adults don't touch a barbell. Okay, I was going to ask you, were there any things that are off limits? They don't barbell bench press, they don't barbell deadlift, they don't barbell squat. No one squats anyway. That's in, that's another whole conversation. But, oh, almost all of our lower body stuff is unilateral. We'll do goblet squats, basic stuff with people that are really deconditioned because we need them to be capable with two legs before they're going to be capable of capable on one leg. But it's very, I would like, I would say, people were really smart and really safe. And I think that's what you want to be if you want to keep people coming back. I think you can be really smart and not be really safe and you can be really safe and not be really good. And I think the, the mid ground is where we want to operate. So Gabriel, what's the biggest thing you're thinking about when a patient is in your practice? And they're, you know, they're coming along well on many of the other lifestyle adjustments. Let's just assume this is a person who's a lifelong cardio rat, right? So they love to run. They run two marathons a year. They've been running forever. They've got some nagging injuries, though, right? As you know, a runner, especially a female runner, the probability that her proximal hamstring isn't just torn up is pretty low, especially if she's had kids, right? So now her pelvis is tilted a little bit. How do you make the case to her? Because she's lean, right? Doesn't need to lose weight, as though that's the thing that matters. But what, how you make in the case to her, that this muscle centric approach matters? Well, she's kind of want to be active her whole life. And the healthy her, her skeletal muscle mass is, you know, there seems to be some one of a disconnect people talk about strength and then dissociate it from mass. But I believe, you know, and I have patients like this in the practice that are very lean, have always been runners, but we'll see their glucose creep up. We will see an increase in visceral fat. That can be course corrected by addressing skeletal muscle mass. And, you know, when you just think about if this woman and I, I'm thinking about one patient in particular, she's actually in her, she's around 60, she runs a hundred miles. She's an ultra. Oh, she runs, she does. She does. She does ultra. Her body composition was not nearly as good as it is now, just by adding in two days of week of resistance training. We added in two days a week, we pulled back on some of the mileage. She's able to move more away. I mean, in this girl, she is, you know what? Hey Sharon, she listens to your podcast is a matter of fact. She is incredible by pulling back her training and increasing her weights and being very specific about obviously I don't program, but we work with coaches that program by changing up the movement patterns. She's able to really increase her lower body strength, but also improve her labs, improve her fasting insulin, her glucose, and that and her triglycerides. And so, you know, do you think that that's purely a function of having a larger reservoir to put the glucose into? Or do you think that it also speaks to the insulin sensitivity? I mean, is it, does it even make sense to try to disentangle those two? It's a great question. I think that the larger reservoir is important for a number of reasons. The metabolic component of muscle, the, you know, as we all know, muscles, the primary cypher glucose metabolism, also free fatty acids at rest. However, it enables her to have more dietary flexibility because when we think about nutritional sciences and we think about triglycerides in sling glucose, what we're really looking at is the health of skeletal muscle, metabolic syndrome, the markers of metabolic syndrome are the markers of healthy skeletal muscle. Does it her activity improve insulin sensitivity? Yes, but her running is she's going to be very insensitive as is, but it's really that metabolic component of having healthy skeletal muscle mass from what I believe. So Jeff, you're working with people a lot of times at the opposite end of the spectrum, right? You're looking, people are coming to you often because they want to have 7% body fat. I mean, they, and it might be that they're, you know, they're an actor. And like, they're about to do a role where they kind of have to look a certain way. Alternatively, it might be an athlete who probably doesn't need to be at 7% body fat, but might want to be at some extent. So you're kind of dealing with the other end of the spectrum. Is it safe to say that these people that are coming to you are so long on motivation, that that's not really an issue anymore? Yeah, when your goal starts to become 7% body fat, I'm assuming that you're probably not 35 or 40, you know, with aspirations to be there. These guys are usually coming in 12, 13, 14, 15% body fat with one desires to want to get leaner for whatever those reasons, like you said, whether it be a role or I always tell like the athletes say have to be very conscientious if not falling in love with what they see in the mirror because ultimately they're not getting paid to look that way unless they're, I mentioned sometimes we work with WWE athletes who do get paid to look a certain way and perform a certain level. But, you know, the people that have to be conscientious of the level that they are, you know, what level of life out there are said they have a certain role. I mean, they are usually pretty good at being able to dial in. They've often times done this multiple times before too. So they've done this and had a history being able to get down and they still have a ability to sustain it. I think that it's always going to be achieved through nutrition. That level of look is a nutritional consistency. It does not has nothing to do with training, has nothing to do with exercise you're doing, doesn't matter what split your following, it doesn't matter any of the, any of that. All you have to do is be able to remain very consistent with nutrition. And the level that you're able to get down to is just a reflection of how many sacrifices you're willing to make. You know, you want to still drink a couple of times a week? That's fine. Just you're going to have to bump it up a notch or two because you really need to be able to make some cuts. Now, I do not believe. I don't do it myself. I do not make sacrifices to the point where I'm eating poil chicken and broccoli. Steam broccoli. I don't do that. I eat meals that are good meals. I eat, you sell it. I eat. I can eat a meal that anybody else can eat. But I'm very disappointed and not strained from those meals. And so your ability to kind of stay that way is going to determine how low you're able to get and how low you're able to stay. I always say if you're eating, let's say five times a day and that's a seven day week, it's 35 meals. If you can stay 90% of our above, you don't have to be perfect. If you can stay 90% of our above on those meals, you're looking at three meals in a week that aren't perfect. Now, I'm not saying to go hog wild and go down to buffalo wild wings and start eating everything you can. Saying that they just aren't perfect meals. Your body almost completely ignores those. It just overlooks it. You keep going and your consistency overrides that and you're able to get to levels that you weren't able to achieve before. But people can't sustain it because either they make it too difficult. Or as I said, it is actually difficult because getting yourself to the gym for one hour, five times a week, two times a week, whatever that might be, even the 36 minutes. That's one level of commitment. It's what you do in the other 23 hours of the day that determines your look because that is an nutritional responsibility that'll allow us to have the ability to manage well. How well do you think that's understood? I'd say that for all of you. This is a question for everyone. When someone looks at a person and says, look at that man, look at that woman, look at how jack they are, do you think that the average person appreciates the role of nutrition in that? Or do you think most of them assume, I mean, that person must be spending 12 hours a week lifting weights? No. I'm sorry to jump in, but it's such a source spot for me. People always think exercise first. In my experience, they always think exercise first. To the point where I have people that will say to me, if they see my abs or something, they'll say, oh, what exercise did you do for that? You know, they pat there. Usually in big belly that they're patting, it's not exercise. You know, they're less of this. If you were to get the reverse circle, if you were to set up that more of these, pushing yourself away from the table, I mean, no, I don't think they have an appreciation for it at all. And their instinct tells them it's exercise movement. Would you guys share that sentiment? I would totally agree. And what's so fascinating is the data supports also the synergistic effect of resistance training activity and a calorie control diet, which if people could connect the dots that it is not simply training, but to be fair, training is the most potent stimulus to muscle. But you cannot, what do they say? You cannot out train about dieting? I mean, that's true. I feel like you could when you were 14. Like when I was 14, I did train six hours a day. I mean, I was running 13, 15 miles every morning before the day. You know, before my workouts, they're like, it was just and all I did was eat. But I was like a garbage disposal. Breakfast was a bowl of a not a bowl, a box of fruit loops and a large supper wearable. You could put the whole box in the bowl. You just didn't matter, but but something changes when you're 20 and you can't do that anymore. When you're 13 and and younger, you're very anabolic muscle, the balance between what drives muscle changes as we age. When you're young, you're very driven by insulin. For example, my daughter, who is five, she could have five grams of protein. She doesn't need to have a meal threshold of 30 to get an animal response. Because when you are younger and you are still growing, you're very anabolic. After you are done growing, you want to shift from that the insulin usage to the stimulus, which then now exercise becomes much more important. Oh, I want to talk about that. But I want, so I'm going to come right back to that, but I want to hear Mike's point on nutrition and then come back to that because that's actually a very interesting question. But well, think about it. I think about it in a simpler sense. We go from being extremely active to extremely sedentary. Suddenly you get into your 20s and you get a job and you're commuting and maybe eight hours or 10 hours, you might be sitting on your last 10 hours a week, or 10 hours a day every day. And then you might go to a bar with your friends after. And I don't think people, they don't sense the shift. I think our problem is that the shift is happening and then people don't pick up on it until it's too late. Suddenly you look down and you soften, think, oh my God, what happened? I gained 40 pounds and I'm in horrible shape and I'm completely sedentary and then then they think, oh, I have to do something about this. But then they tend to revert back to whatever information they might have had and think about what's your relationship with exercise in high school. If you're not an athlete, you have a terrible relationship with exercise in high school because it's something that you may to do. It's not fun. You probably don't understand strength training. So you go to the gym. I saw a great presentation one time at a seminar. I figured someone did it in New York and they brought in. They said I'm going to bring in the most important person in fitness and they brought in a woman who was a member and how to do a half hour talk. And she talked about not, you know, just having the money to join the gym and learning how to train. She said, I followed this pretty girl who seems to know all the machines around. She said, now I would stay like two machines behind her. So she didn't realize that I was following her, but I would watch what she did and then she'd moved to more machines and then I do what she did. And then you just realize like this is how people are learning. Like we all learned to exercise, somewhere along the way, somebody created kind of that initial imprint on us and most people's initial imprint is really bad. What I learned to do when I was in my teens was just more on it in terms of the way I would look at it now. I would tell everybody and that's what I say the reason I say the things that I say is because I've done everything conceivably wrong that you can do. And I have all the orthopedic maladies to show for it. What do you guys do? Do you guys have nutritionists in your in your business that also help people when they're also trying to lose weight in addition to improved strength and other metrics? We've tried a whole bunch of different ideas and none of them have ever really stuck to be honest. We still have another one going right now. One of the guys that works for us is trying to do nutritional consults and truthfully we've never found one that we felt really was sticky that a lot of people would do it. But we deal in the most basic nutritional information that we can with people in terms of hey and we want you to hydrate better. We want you to eat more protein. That's why I said that's why your message is great. Like your book is perfect. It's like okay if we can just get people to eat not even more protein than my eat protein. We still have people say what's protein. It adults you don't really even understand the the most. Again we're we're so sometimes up here and then realizing that our consumer is somewhere even our intelligent consumer is weighed down here with these incredible you said disconnect by a disconnect written down incredible disconnects, incredible misconceptions. I have women well I don't want to start lifting because I don't want to get too big and I'm kind of like trust me buddy that's that is not what we're worried about right now but they're still trying they're right exactly you're trying like hell and you're you know whatever 125 pounds is something like 100 or 10. 100. 100. You're killing you but you're in your case. Often the gym to build muscle it's not it's not easy to do it's not easy to do for anybody so easy to do for males but we see too much there were use right and then we see too much responders like you look at NFL guys I mean I think there's people that are that are way higher responder levels to another people and I think we look at responders or we look at like when I was a kid coming up I was looking at people taking drugs but I didn't know they were taking drugs I thought I thought I could look like I can remember I'd go to body building shows I can remember looking at boy or co you know and thinking you know I can look like that in Frank's scene I can look like that and then you know suddenly in my 20s realizing that these guys were taking drugs and that was why they look like that but I spent years frustrated why don't I why don't I look that good I'm doing all the right stuff so I think this the that's why these things are good because trying to get people to see reality I guess Jeff you talked a minute ago about five meals a day so let's double click on that a little bit most people think I thought I'm supposed to have three meals a day or sometimes just one if I'm intermittently fasting so talk about the five meals per day yeah I mean I actually I know a lot of people that intermittent fast and I actually do well with that the thing that I think why more more people do better with more frequent meals is simply because they tend to get hungry throughout the day and they don't have good management of hunger and then they're for portion control and they don't have willpower to sort of wait to that next meal so if they are hungry in the mid morning and they have nothing sort of pre-planned or prepared for a snack they'll just go into the kitchen at work and just start picking and grazing and that's where a lot of the calories throughout the day are consumed not in those three main meals but in the grazing that happens because they can't make it to the next meal so I just found it it's been easier especially from the athletic world these guys want to fuel more often so they want something in between their main meals but in the world of just the regular individual who wants to be more disciplined with an nutrition it's easier to actually program in to additional snacks nothing big but just snacks in between that I always think should still focus and center around a protein because again I believe that protein it should be the cornerstone of every one of our meals and snacks because we don't get enough that's enough just to keep somebody a probably more metabolically stable to get to the next meal but also it starts to teach them the willpower to do it so if you're sitting there you eight breakfast is eight o'clock and then now your next meal is let's say 12 or 12 30 when it's 10 o'clock if you get hungry and you have a snack there you don't have to get through four hours of willpower that you don't have right now to get to that lunchtime you only have to get through two hours and of those two hours you weren't hungry the whole time anyway only the last half hour so you're teaching yourself willpower over the course of an hour and a half and then you know I actually have dropped back a little bit to where I'm not necessarily doing five meals in a day now maybe do four but I have you walk me through a day in in the life for you so if you're not not on a day when you're here and traveling so you're at home you your first meal is what time it depends on you know weekend or not but usually 7 30 to clock and what does that meal and usually it's oatmeal egg whites but again not like my oatmeal I we call pumpkin oatmeal like it's oatmeal it's it's walnuts it's a splendid brown sugar or a sore brown sugar if you don't care about you know the the calorie the the calories in it whipped cream but whipped cream on top pumpkin I mix inside it like it's good like it tastes good and it's something that I actually enjoy if it wasn't I could never just eat boiled oatmeal for the rest of my life and then egg whites because you're just trying to cut the calories no you want the protein without the total calorie the egg yeah although I'll mix in I would like just the hotel here all the eggs I just the prepared eggs here because they're there because I have my egg whites and I keep them you know you know frozen egg whites so I can use I don't have like I don't want to start cracking full eggs to put into a little bit simplistic when it comes to my nutrition because I know what works for me but I have no problem with mixing one or two full eggs I think you should people should and then I'll have milk with that or I'll have even a protein shake along with that so they're not small meals either okay that will take me through now I'll actually go to lunchtime in the past I would have had like another small snack I'd have some pretzels and jerky or something like just to look at some protein and then some carbohydrates then I'll go to lunchtime at lunch I'll have either funny because I'll either have a chicken or a grilled chicken wrap with vegetables and yogurt that would be my preferred meat some fruit that would be my preferred meal or I'll have cereal because I am still a cereal addict and we have lots of cereal choices but I try not to choose the cinnamon toast crunch that might sound for furs and I'll have something else but I'll have cereal and yogurt just how much protein are you getting in that meal then? From I'll have usually protein shake there too so I have my protein shake that's 30 grams plus the the yogurt another 8 to 12 grams and then in the cereal a little bit more milk too so I get an up protein from the meal it's just a little bit less preferential in terms of the where the carbs come from I don't really get crazy about the carbs I just try to pick lower sugar carbs I try not to be I try to be a little bit more selective when it comes to that but and then you do an afternoon snack around that then after an snack would be the same would be the same type of thing as whatever the first snack was in terms of I like jerky so I'll have some jerky just pick at it and again some some type of crunchy food just like a like a pretzel be easy for me to have a handful of pretzel then I will have my dinner which actually well actually before that I have another protein shake after I train so if I train it will you train in the afternoon typically randomly I'll train at five before I finish up work randomly but most often than that I wind up have my shake and then I'll go train it night like late late late so my whole thing is not I think we have an input into the sleep issue we do have input this sleep issue but I'm not having I could fall right asleep after my dinner the issue for me is that when I get home my kids have been waiting to see me all day and I make myself available to them we play we run we go on the pool whatever it might be and then they go to bed a little bit late you know we have a busy house holds so four dogs it gets a lot to put everybody down but they go to bed around nine nine thirty and then when I finally get to the gym it could be ten thirty so now I'll go and I'll train I don't like to train on full stomach I hate the feeling so I'll opt to have my dinner afterwards but that does mean that the dinner could come at eleven thirty sometimes you can 12 o'clock at night and that is not recommended for everybody listening but like that I also I do thing I could dispel the myth though I do not believe in the don't need after six at all I don't your body especially if you're carrying a good amount of muscle which is why we want to can utilize those calories can utilize that protein can you like those carbs throughout the day provide you know whenever they do come in and I don't think that just magically eating after six is the death melt that having low body fat so that's not part of my equation the only part of the equation for me is I could get like it's a little late in the day to be it might be impacting your sleep more than anything else it's clearly not impacting you know your fuel partitioning no and I've been blessed to have the ability to hit the pillow and fall asleep within minutes and stay asleep because I don't sleep very long I sleep five to six hours five to six hours but my quality is sleep is usually very high I don't wake up I don't wake up when the time to wake up in the morning so I want to kind of go back to what you were talking about a second ago because it opened the door towards protein in kids but before we do that maybe just for people listening who have been maybe not paying attention to some of the stuff we've we've all been talking about elsewhere around protein consumption what type of guidance are you giving your patients on on protein is there any difference between men and women and are you differentiating it based on age age yes men and women no when we talk about protein typically we talk about one thing but it's 20 different amino acids nine of which are essential we actually eat for those nine essentials there is a lot of nuance around protein in general and what it does each of those amino acids do something different for example losing which is I know our favorite amino acid is critical for muscle for muscle protein synthesis but something like three-ning is important for mucin production in the gut when you are eating a lower protein diet the organs well I suppose I should start with why we eating protein we need about 250 grams a day we recycle much of that we don't eat that a portion of that probably the largest portion maybe 75% of that goes towards this real tissue for turnover and maintenance maybe 25% of that goes to muscle but we have to continue to get these essential amino acids so that we can maintain rebuilding and repairing which the efficiency of that changes as we age anabolic resistance protein efficiency decreases those are or that is one reason why we need dietary protein just to maintain the tissue integrity and the structure women and men do not need at this time from what we know in the literature a different amount of protein is not sex specific it's body weight specific the minimum amount of protein I would ever recommend would be a hundred grams at a minimum men or women that would be the starting place because if you are say 115 pound woman and you are following the RDA at pointy grams per kg what is that 45 grams of protein or so that's that's not enough part of the failure there is that we have to recognize protein is different amino acids and so when we talk about muscle health we need to get enough Lucy to support muscle health and that is probably the recommendations to the three grams a day it's probably for optimal health around 8 or 9 and how do you get folks to think about that right which is because now all of a sudden you get into dramatic differences in terms of protein source so if you I don't really think we should go down the PDCAS pathway necessarily for everybody today but but just in terms of understanding that foods are created different right so you can look at an ingredient label of something that says 30 grams of protein you can look at another thing that says 30 grams of protein but they don't list out the amino acids they don't tell you that this one has more Lucy or more methionine and this one doesn't but there are certain themes that we know right we know that dairy derived protein beef derived protein and egg derived protein seem to have the highest amount of the right amino acids or let's just say the more important amino acids so when you're saying to that person hey I want you to eat a minimum of 100 grams per day does it come with the caveat of assuming you're getting your protein sources here and what you're pointing out is protein quality the there are plant sources of protein and our animal sources of protein and just from hard fast biological numbers we consider a high quality protein to be eggs and dairy fish chicken any of the animal source proteins the lower quality proteins would come from plants when we educate our patients in the practice we have them choose and we really don't focus on plant proteins as a source of protein while they do have amino acids and certainly a combination is wonderful we like to focus on plant foods for fiber and let's say we take out soy but we really want to focus on high quality animal source foods because listen it makes up let's say it makes up 30% of our diet nearly 100% of our calcium are bio-available iron and zinc selenium come from these animal base foods and while we talk about protein we should also talk about nutrient quality whether someone decides to get their protein from plants or animals it isn't just about protein it is also about those nutrients of concern for women like bio-available iron for kids bio-available iron nutrients that primarily come from animal sources I just think are really important and again nothing wrong with plant-based proteins but we plant for fiber and fight on nutrients and so presumably you have some patients as I do who are vegetarians in some cases it's ethical religious whatever the reason is what are some of the things that you and let's go one step further and let's go because at least veg most vegetarians will at least be able to consume the dairy portion but when you if you have someone who's vegan and who is purely looking at animal sources of protein how much of an upil battle is that well it's the challenge is the carbohydrate consumption so I was listening to what Jeff was saying and who's absolutely right he could have you were saying that you have maybe a hundred grams of carbs and you have no problem with it and me on did you say that well I mean you probably calculated it in your head but yeah that's that I can do that for some of my him who is super active he is able to dispose of those carbohydrates but a normal person our carbohydrate threshold if you calculate the disposal from skeletal muscle organ systems it is not much it is about 40 grams in a two-hour period anything above say 40 or 50 grams in a non exercising adult will result in a robust insulin response we do not want that we do not want to be utilizing insulin to help support glucose we want to use activity or have the health of our skeletal muscle be able to balance that and I suppose what we're talking about is carbohydrates and unless you are highly active like you are then we also have to think about the carb portion of this and designing a diet typically for us we think a lot about a one-to-one ratio of protein to carbs at amel depending let me think about that in myself that's pretty tough you have to be pretty deliberate about withholding carbohydrates and I mean I'm probably eating a gram of protein per pound of body weight so it's not like I'm skipping on protein yeah maybe I maybe I I don't know I would I would you're not a ballically healthy and that goes back to this hierarchy of how we do you think I think I think that's a longer leash if you're active absolutely when we make protein decisions and the practice when we're designing a diet it's age it's activity and it's metabolic health if you are metabolically healthy then you can tolerate there's no problem right carbs aren't the enemy but once we find out someone is metabolically unhealthy which you can see from blood work then you have to begin you know you don't change your protein amount because as your restrict calories you keep protein the same or higher because you must protect lean tissue and also it's it's better I mean we've seen this in the data for a lot of people. What about overweight patients so if you let's say you're a patient who's let's say it's a man 250 pounds and I know we're going to talk about body fat because I'm actually super interested in what you what you have to say about that but let's just assume you did a dex on this guy you don't need to do a dex it by the way you can look at it you can look at them you know you know this guy's carrying way too much fat but the dex it just gives you some numbers the guys 40 percent body fat okay so when you're trying to tell him how much protein to eat are you doing it based on an ideal body weight or are you doing it based on his 250 pounds that he's carrying around. It's target body weight okay so you're going to say I'm targeting for you 16 percent body fat let's calculate how much lean tissue you have it what would be your ideal body weight at 16 percent body fat and that's what we're going to target you have. Yeah. Okay. I want to totally pivot and talk about something that you already brought up Mike and in this speaks to how these round tables get totally messy because I have not done with nutrition I want to come back but I don't I don't I don't want to forget this idea of you in a lateral lower extremity training. So this is a topic that's near and dear to my heart so I grew up in apologies for people in the audience who've heard me talk about this but this is just context for you. I grew up powerlifting was one of the things I did on this side it actually wasn't a sport I mean boxing was my life but I became hooked on being in the gym and the gym I belonged to was a dungeon it was an old man dungeon two stories underground with no windows and I didn't realize how lucky I was at the time but this happened to be like the power training the power lifting epicenter right so you basically just had a bunch of middle-aged men who were machines like you know these are even the guys that weighed like you know everybody could bench press two times their body weight squat three times their body weight deadlift four times their body weight so that's what I grew up doing I was like we bench we squat we deadlift and we do it really really heavy and not surprisingly over time like I started to get injured right I injured my back by the time I was in medical school and kind of decided like I don't know if this is worth the risk anymore like I don't really see that I need to have four plates on my back squatting anymore and almost through necessity had to discover single leg training so I want you to say more about that experience and help somebody because I have patience who really can't believe that you can achieve optimal lower body hypertrophy without a barbell on your back or without picking a barbell up off the floor yeah which is amazing I had same background as you I got into competitive power lifting in college just because I was no longer an athlete and I was looking for an outlet and it was like okay I'm good at lifting weights so I started competing in power lifting started hurting myself back problem shoulder surgery and athletic training background get to college as a strength coach start to see the same things I've got athletes with back problems everybody's back problems seems to come down to one thing back squatting every kid because we weren't we didn't run deadlift we were the old school like squat pants power cleaning because that was the football mentality at that time but the people with back pain had it always related right back to back squat we started to look at that and think okay if we're doing something that we know is hurting 20% of our population should be continue to do that for a while we had to because the football coaches mandated it but when I got to the point where I was kind of fully in control I said one we're not gonna do this anymore and then we went the unilateral route sorry when you say football coaches are you saying even at the level of the NFL at every level the football coaches you know they want to know how many guys can bench press 400 pounds how many guys can squad 500 pounds how many guys can you know there it's it's still a very old school mentality it's getting better and if the level is getting much better because it's still in the combine for any of the quarterback yeah everybody's still venturing and still benching in 225 as a strength test they do an endurance test for strength we could talk about the the foolishness of the combine too but that's another the same combine that you know the balance and I helped people for yes it is not I always tell people it's like getting the copy of the SAT and all you gotta do is cheat you just gotta practice the event practice the questions you know the test you know the answers practice you'll get good at it we developed that thought process but so we started going just down this sort of you lateral rabbit hole and then we've but then you start getting into the biggest thing that people have done is just when you get into the bilateral deficit research you're stronger on one leg you have more strength capability on one leg than you do want to because you body there's and there's really so interesting sorry to interrupt you Mike it's so interesting how difficult it is to appreciate that when you're not doing unilateral exercises and people don't try it and then it's very dogma oriented because we we've all grown up around kind of the squat poems and all these things about you know king of all lifts and all this bullshit that people spout and I'm always kind of spouting the anti of that but the reality is we started seeing when we first started testing is what happened was one of my assistants this guy Jeff Oliver who's been in early cross for 25 years said to me if we could test you one leg it's strength would you stop squatting and I was like yes so then we said okay let's try to figure out how we test so we started making up these sort of half-assed one leg squat test you know doing red max is in different split squat variations and things but when we did it the results blew us away in terms of the difference between the sides blew you away uh no the the ability to be stronger than we were or as strong as we were bi-ladderly blew us away so we had guys the first year I did it with my hockey team 2006 or 7 somewhere in there and everybody could split squat what they could front squat same amount so if I did a back split squat test everybody could back split squat 300 pounds was a 300 pound front squat everybody that could back split squat you know predicts a project out to a 400 pound max was a 400 front squat right across the board it was exactly dead even one leg to two legs and then people would say that's because they're using their back like they were trying to cope with all these rationales for why it wasn't but the numbers were just glaring you know then we went to a split squat test and we had one kid who did uh did 240 pounds for 20 reps which you know if you'd buy ladder old it out it's 480 for 20 he's a 200 pound hockey player 190 pound hockey player they just the numbers started to smack us in the face a little bit and I started to look and then you start looking at the bi-ladder like you look at the grip strength research bi-ladder deficit right hand plus left hand will be more than combined two hand you look at you know they've done it with leg extension they've done it with a bunch different things and what they realized I think this is my own theory but we neurologically know that we are unilateral if I said to you try to dunk a basketball I'm going to guarantee you right now I'm going to jump off one foot you're going to jump off your left foot you're going to hold ball in your right hand everybody here's going to do it except 10% of us are lefty so 10% of us are going to grab it in our left hand but everybody knows if I say to you throw a baseball I always say to somebody if I say throw a baseball everyone has to throw it if I say throw two baseballs somebody would think I'm not really sure I'm supposed to do this right now we understand neurology and then we deny it when we start strengthening because we wanted to deny it and I think it's actually limiting I think I've said to people I think I think I spent a lot of time probably making people less athletic at the higher levels one of the things that you you you think that you did that in the past and the past yeah because we had some of our really some of our super elite like and I felt wide receiver type guys would be very resistant to really heavy backsquats and deadlifts and things like that and they would always they were like cats it like I don't I don't like it it don't like it it makes my backs so I don't feel right I don't want you realize is you are probably dampening their nervous system a little bit because the analogy I always use if you think like the mountain the guy from game with drones he was a nice landing basketball player decent mid level i's landing basketball player when he became one of the world's strongest men he was a worse basketball player and I can remember I went to used to go to powerlifting meets and I'd look at the powerlifting meets and I would be like nobody here looks at let no one and then I'd go to Olympic lifting meet and I'd be like these cats are athletic like these guys can they can jump and they can sprint and they've got big traps and big asses they look so they looked more like what I wanted my athletes to look like whereas powerlifting it was sort of like a semi-mobile refrigerator imitation you know just people lumbering and even little people lumbering around a little people lumbering just as bad as the big people and then you go to attract me and go watch the sprints and the jumps and you're like wait that's what I want that's what I'm trying to get everybody too so I became a big Charlie Francis guy in the 90s you know you start looking at this and saying okay let's look at how the fastest people in the world the people at jump the highest in the world what are they doing for training and again you started to see more unilateral work you know lateral plier working lateral strength work so it was sort of this this rabbit hole that I just I went down and never came back from you know it's interesting Charlie Francis of course a lot of people will sort of just have a sort of negative thought associated with him because the association with Ben Johnson but I but I don't think a lot of people realize his coaching genius can you say a little bit more about Charlie who sadly passed away I think due to cancer kind of young right yeah kind of young I never luckily one of the guys I said someone said you know anybody you never met in the field that you would have liked to have met and I said yeah I wish I had met him at that time but when you think about he developed world class printers in Canada almost all of them from Toronto great at Toronto area the probability of doing that is really really low and so you think and he was so far ahead of his time if you read Charlie Francis training system right now is originally published as Charlie Francis training system then after he got in trouble they've republished it as training for speed so it's the same book you can just get it on the internet but he's talking about recovery regeneration massage now this book is written in the 80s you would read it right now and think my god this thing was written a month ago by guy I mean he was using words that I had not seen yet it was the first time I encountered even the word so I started to think that's we started to do massage work with our athletes we started to form rolling because we realized we can't get massage done for every single athlete but we can get everybody to form roll and he was always talking about tissue quality and tissue resets and the therapist that they'd bring the heralds excuse me they would bring therapists to training camps that they were doing and it was so forward thinking I mean imagine now 45 years ago right I guess you know 35 years ago whatever it was it was a long time ago and he was so far ahead of the field frighteningly and to the point where it's still really I still encourage people to read this stuff now I started reading I read everything he wrote I even they had I read speed trap which was more about what had happened to them in the process and then I read this Angelissa Jango who's one of his apprentice wrote a book I read that book I you're just read every thing I could consume about Charlie Francis to see with you know is there another little nugget of something that I'm missing and I guess from the track and field thing I never looked back I never looked and said you know I don't care what power left is doing I don't really I care what Olympic lift is doing I really athletically and then we started to look at rehab and we realized that from a rehab standpoint it was all unilateral and it was all what they were calling functional and it was all what they were calling closed chains suddenly it just to meet all it all made sense it all kind of it all came together for me at that point in time so and we've been doing that for like said 30 years so Jeff in your world training people the way you are what are the exceptions to those rules for you when are the times when you're saying or are you saying now I still see that the risk reward tradeoff for someone in a certain position is there for you know a backs what barbell backsquat or you know a sumo dead lift or something like that how do you how do you think about that I think that if there's there's always the argument of can you train see a lot of times and especially in Mike's world too when when people come to him they've already learned bad mechanics for squats so they're bad squatters when they come to him so they're already demonstrating habits that are going to totally break down their body by continuing to just pile more and more I think when you can intervene with somebody in early age and teach them by a mechanically how to squat better which Mike and I have discussed before at length like it's not it's not easy to really dissect that lift it's a complicated lift there's a lot of moving parts so you have to be willing to spend a lot of time with that person to teach them from the ground up in those instances when you can I think you could probably teach somebody how to squat more safely that doesn't take away the fact that if you can do it and not have to load that way and especially as we talk about the aging population then the benefits might still right away the risks in terms of this is better than single egg squat but I think that you can probably teach that lift but you have to be willing to teach that person to either unlearn the bad things that they've already learned or if they're starting out early learn how to do it more properly and you could do it in stages two you can by squatting two a box you can buy a mechanically fix a lot of people's issues because having the target or the safety net behind them is enough to sort of get them to actually move in a better way but you don't want to train that way you know I without ultimately going to a freestanding squat if they're going to be ultimately you know playing sports and needing to do something like let's say an offensive lineman coming off the line but again I'm actually in Mike's camp in terms of the value of of single egg training we do so much single egg training with athletes and acts because I believe that it's not just the unloading that we get from the single egg squat it's just as Mike said how we're wired how we're actually preferred to move and I get I took some shit along the way because anytime you pick up a leg from the ground it's functional training and then all of a sudden that has was a cool thing at one time it's not a cool thing anymore but you do pick up your leg and yes that's functional for a reason so I think doing lunging and step ups we did we built a whole program and with the mats around step ups and lunging because we knew how important that was and again we did other forms of bilateral lifting we would do trap bar deadlifting to to clean up some of the issues that people had I always say that if you want to learn how to squat take a dumbbell hold it between your hands or kettlebell and just let the ball let the dumbbell the weight go straight down to the ground it will put you by a mechanic you know most of the perfect position because you're just letting the the weight drop straight down your center of mass that's a great tool for teaching what people was supposed to feel like but when you then go put the bar in their back as soon as the but they don't have thoracic mobility all the things that they're lacking start to change that that dramatically from just you think it's the same exercise because you're going straight up and down but it's a very different exercise because now when your hands are up and again thoracic extension is more required they don't have that and the whole system gets thrown out of whack so it's it's done it's still done in certain circumstances and you're always going to still encounter people who I don't know Mike might just tell them to go to a different gym but like you know there's going to be people who will insist that they still have the squat and they want to learn how to do it and do it more safely and I think having you know the the the willingness or the ability to still coach them through that is important but because of guys like Mike and because hopefully stuff that I talk about like there people are less reliant on those as the as the only things that they can do yeah I you know I'm a little conflicted less less so now but I think up until up until about 18 months ago I was still squatting and deadlifting regularly though with much less weight right I wasn't I was never going below five reps and frankly targeting eight to twelve most of the time and my rationale for it was the following I viewed it as an amazing audit of my chain so I filmed every set so I have a tripod in the gym my phone would sit on it I would from the warm-up set to the last set every set was filmed and my recovery was watching the video and the truth of the matter is despite that about one in every eight workouts I just screwed something up and I would spend the next four days in pain and I'd be sitting in the shower running hot water on my back was it anything catastrophic no not at all I got my erector's just flared up it wasn't the end of the world but what it said to me was I mean people watching us might be offended by the statement but I'm getting old I'm getting old you look great for 25 and as I think all of us would agree the name of the game when you're old is never getting out of the game like there's nothing more devastating it's one thing to get injured when you're 20 you're gonna be back but if a 55 year old never mind a 70 year old the 55 year old has to take a year off because of some devastating injury it's really difficult to come back and so I very sadly decided that the risk that I was going to do something dumb and actually I'll tell you the straw that broke the camel's back I used to have a lot of tire flipping so I used to have this 450 pound tire and my absolute favorite activity was how many there were different games you would play so you would love the gamification of it right it's like how many times could you flip how long you'd take you to flip it 25 times or something like that and so when I moved to Austin I didn't have my tire because it was out in San Diego so of course I had my assistant call and find a guy who could find the closest tire to 450 pounds we found one that was 407 pounds the guy deliver he's like what the hell do you want this thing for? I start flipping it again and my friend who's a really awesome PT was watching me and he goes have you ever hurt yourself doing that and I said never because you are you are in a remarkable amount of of of Lumbar flexion right now and I would just be careful like you know that the Lumbar spine does not like to be in this position when it is that loaded and I was like you know he's right like I can absolutely see how under fatigue I could just you know do something too much so anyway it's sorry for the ramble but the point was I basically decided as much as I love this exercise as much as it's a great audit I you know this I'm learning I'm I love the idea of critiquing my form between sets I just sort of decided the risk reward tradeoff wasn't there for me do you think that sort of a do you think that's a mistake do you think that I should have stuck with it and made other modifications? No I don't I think because you have these options I don't think there's a compromise in the benefits you're getting from a single way train like I said there's probably more benefits that you're getting from that I will I'm right in that same boat with you I spent probably from 35 to 45 wanting so badly to get a why have bad knees and I end that probably comes from my flat feet but I I want things so badly to not have to squat because every time I did it would it was just it would kill my my knees the next day would be horrifying we paint in pain and my love back with ultimately why not taking on that same run I know exactly the same spot you're talking about but yeah I kept telling myself but you have to squat you have to squat like it's just what we do we have to squat like so I would try to get past the point of the things that were bothering me and I would ultimately go back onto the bar and squat again until I you know through what I'm liking others said like no you know it really doesn't it's not a requirement to get what I'm trying to get out of it I'm trying to have virtue for my legs I'm trying to get stronger hips I'm trying to try to get a stay injury free and so my favorite exercise at that point became a reverse lunge so I'll do it with a barbell or I'll do it with dumbbells and honestly it's a little easier with the barbell because I'm not the word about the grip of holden's dumbbells and so reverse lunge meaning you're starting in a standing position and you're doing a step back step back and you I've seen a great video on this where you emphasize how wide you're stepping out yeah you need because you don't want that's the thing and this is where some of the functional training stuff comes up like oh it's a balance exercise that's the best not a strength exercise the balance exercise it's not a balance exercise if you can't keep your feet wide enough you can all you have to do is just step back and out you'll maintain a wide enough base for you still have support and then it's a strength exercise if you're looking a lot away I remember where I was when I watched that video of you and I went to the gym that day and I was like I've never thought about taking a wider stance I mean I added 40 pounds right and I think it's also my second big tip on that exercises as you go down I taught I call like screwing yourself in the place but you know you're really not you just take a little bit of a rotation towards the front leg so you're just taking a tour so you take a little bit over the front leg it will basically stabilize that front leg a little bit more and then get with with enough contact I think what do we when we doing those reverse split like situations is about 75% on the front leg or so yeah about yeah so you're still got 25% going back on that back leg and that's enough to support you and and make sure that you're not falling all over the place but that that is my favorite way and I recommend people all the time to do that lunging forward is fine but people that have knee issues like myself and that doesn't feel too good either so it's like why not do it this way because this is a safer way that it has less orthopedic issues for people and it's still great you can go pretty heavy if you're going to use a barbell there too so that's my favorite stuff too and since I learned that there were other things I can do and not compromise whatever it was that I was chasing at the time I have since sort of backed away from that and you can ask Jesse every now and then I'll go back and try again and inevitably in a few days I start things start you know clicking in my hip or things that didn't pop or click before and I do believe that there's a path away from that so you're really for you before I want to talk about your patience but personally because we're all telling personal stories what have you changed in your training resistance training specifically as you've aged as you've increased wisdom whatever whatever the case might be I wish I could say I get less hurt before we started the podcast I said that I had a right torn hamstring and a proxmole it is proxmole and quad fem which is very unusual glute meat and glute men that I love to overachieve I thought it was a great idea about eight years ago to keep up with my husband who my husband was a former seal who's now at bailer I thought we would do a 50 hour event and I was not physically capable or prepared to do that it's just another Tuesday for him and I tore my left hamstring on a sprint since that time I think that it changed my ability to squat I kept going back to this quad I am not able to do that at all now but that changed probably I don't know six months ago I stopped squatting six months ago I also found out that I hip dysplasia all of these injuries all of these patterns you know as I think is someone who is listening or watching this if something doesn't feel right you talk about taking that white step back if someone is doing something that people will say okay this is this squat pattern but it doesn't feel right to you I had been squatting in a much two-nero position for someone that has hip dysplasia and so I ground out my hip and but I'm somewhat stubborn for those people that know me I just kept doing it because I believe that we should squat needless to say I'm now in a position where I am doing only single leg movements and really trying to pull back probably be doing some PRP for this now new injury and I say that all about someone in a roundabout way that as we age like you said Peter the worst thing that you can do is stop you know and I think about dug pattern Jones's work the catabolic crisis model this isn't a catabolic crisis but a catabolic crisis model is when you're off the table you lose muscle mass and strength rapidly over 40 year and that continues per decade so my training has changed dramatically I do more high intensity on say the bike or the air down air-dine versus any kind of long slow steady state which I would love to get back into and then also the lifts are all so you're able to do high intensity stuff on a bike with a high hamstring tear well this is new this new tear just happened I got my MRI back two days ago got it so I won't be able to turn when you're recovered so let's just say we're we're sitting here in nine months which I'll be recovered before then all right very well when you're recovered how is it going to change what you do going forward and how will that impact what you modify in terms of your patience because I think all of us are practitioners here and therefore we're kind of we're students we do a lot of self experimenting we make a lot of mistakes on ourselves that gets us curious about you know okay what's the lesson here how do I make sure that my client my patient doesn't make the same mistakes so what's what are you going to change and how is it going to impact what you tell patients definitely it doesn't have to be these big lifts we don't all have to squat and for me personally having to deal with that I prior to injuring my hamstring just recently I was starting to do more you know a lot of work and I will go back and also just being much more particular about form I think as a lifelong exercises we can compensate a lot people that are somewhat athletic compensate very well I think I have to hold myself to a much higher standard otherwise I know I will continue to get injured and also I want to how did more zone two. By the way it's so funny you say that I remember a trainer and I can't remember who it was but he was showing me videos of some incredible athletes doing workouts and he was just pointing out all of the horrible mistakes they were making and he goes they're not great athletes because of how they're training they can get away with training that way because they are such great athletes how much did you see that Mike when you were training pros I literally just wrote down the better the athlete the better the compensator that was a note that was a compensation is what we used to get I used to look at these guys and think like my god it's amazing what they can get away with at that level but I want to go back to the adults it's really funny to the squat thing because I wrote an article one time and I forget what I called it but it was basically about slamming your hand in a car door said if you substitute slamming your hand in a car door for squatting and then had the same conversation with yourself saying hey I just hurt my hand I slammed it in the car door and I can't wait till my fingers heal up because I'm going to go back and swim my hand in the car door right that's what you be saying me in the shower every eight eight times. That's why I wrote the article because people do it all time and you just realize that if you just and that's where being rational and substituting something really stupid although in fairness the analogy is more like this the analogy is I love slamming the car door because I love the noise but I like to also reach in the car when I'm doing it. And normally it's fine but on every eight slam I might edit the article for that and say I even if it was only every eighth time you did it would you go back and slam the car door eight more times and you wouldn't you would be like now that's absolutely stupid the risk reward doesn't work but for some reason squatting has such kind of a I don't know if this rural attachment didn't strengthen conditioning that's why I mean people you should go go look at some of the old YouTube comments about me people the things people were saying about me were unbleed you know now it's kind of like just it's religious right it's religious it's absolutely religious but like an exercise like the clean doesn't have that type of religion because I think functionally again everyone can relate to the squat the squat is something we do every day every time I get out of a chair every time I go to the bathroom so I think there's that's the attachment Jeff sorry interrupt is a very good one which is people are confusing a goblet squat or effectively a sumo deadlift with a goblet which is it's all the same hip hinge they're confusing that with this this is the unnatural part I think we teach everybody to go up a squat we teach everybody to sumo deadlift but I always tell everybody in people like well you know you got to be able go to the bathroom I won't use the inductive disc shit and I said yes but no you're not going to piggyback someone in and take shit like that's not how it's going to work like so you don't have to be able to do that like in order to be able to use the bathroom you only need to be able to body weights squat so once you can body weights squat you're good let's do unilateral stuff for loading because in this is where we get into adults versus athletes like I was people say what's an adult what's an athlete I'm like an adult as a job that does not involve playing sports so and I was doing this presentation for perform better I was writing it up one of things you know pickleball players are an athletes okay like people that are adult recreation athletes are not athletes because if they get hurt like you said you get hurt at 50 or 60 it's really debilitating you don't heal even the rate of healing you're seeing that now the rate of healing is totally different I look at my son and they'll get hurt and two days later they'll be like fine and I look at them and think I'd be six months crippled if I did what you did and people don't see I always say life is this gradual transition of flaming you on to beef jerky right and I'm in the beef jerky stage of life firmly in the beef jerky I'm thinking I'm going to New York yeah getting a life in the summer but you know you think like you're getting crustier and a little bit more salinated and just you're you're not you're not what you used to be and I actually posted the thing about it's going to say the number one cause of injury and old men is thinking they are young men and that's why when you get into should they squat should it do I always say no because I wrote down ego the problem with that is when you start letting people do these things you then have to become the ringmaster in the circus so for us we just eliminate the the events like nope we're not doing those events because I'm not gonna be able to figure out well you can squat and that lift you can't squat and that lift you can't like no if nobody squats and deadlifts in our adult program then we're just better off and again our right professional athletes I'd won guy in the red socks who's quad it insisted to me after I really fought with everybody about it every single guy except one position picture a picture and a but a real like a real real be don't you John Lester he was a I mean looks like a lieback or he looked like Brian or a lacquer but he was like no I have to do this the rest of the guys were like oh look I'll do the whatever I'll do split squats I'll do whatever you do and but in that situation I was like okay our college kids we have to squat squats so if you came in someone came in and they'd jump at the end like it's squat and they were like look at my go out like so you know is it the factor in in our midst here now I think oh yes to squat he's gonna go back to college he's got to go to his college weight room in his college program those kids squat because we want them to be able to to go back to school and be able to participate in the program the way they're supposed to participate I feel like people don't appreciate the nuance of what you're saying I think I feel like it can easily be sort of turned into Mike thinks no one should squat and what you're saying is no there's a threshold there's a risk reward trade off and it I completely agree with you this idea like if you're not getting paid to play a sport you have to reconsider how you're treating that sport it it's also not as if that the all alternatives are sacrifices in terms of what they're delivering right that is the problem like I always talk about people get on me because I have what I call the iron graveyard right there's a few extra sizes that just belong in there and one of them for me is the upright row it's a garbage exercise it's in and you could tell me no there's no bad exercises that's a bad exercise and talk about it well it's not that I was what it is you know done the way that people you know old school taught how to do the lift you hold the barbell and you lift it up here up under your chain your elbows are much higher and then your wrists are you've got lots of weight usually on the exercise so more fully pushing your arms down to the internal rotation the funny thing about that is that that that position is literally the test as a physical therapist that we put somebody into try to see if they have impingement in their shoulder we put them in this position push down if it gets a lot of pain in there likely something is getting pinched super speed is tended to something why am I doing that exercise when not because I dislike the exercise I never got hurt on it I never did I've did it for years I've done it for 40 years there's always the outliers like we talked about before but when I can just simply tell you I just want you to drop your elbows lower than your wrists I want you to just call the high pole once you go this way but doing that now instead of intently rotating the shoulder I'm externally rotating the shoulder I'm still working my delts I'm still working my traps I get zero sacrifice of what I'm trying to do the exercise for in the first place and I eliminate the part that I don't like that I don't care if you haven't gotten hurt this time but ultimately doing it over and over and over again can potentially cause a problem down the road even just a potential of it not saying that you can't get injured on any exercise you can but on this exercise I'm lowering the risk and not sacrifice in the benefit I think when when Mike talks about squatting the fact is if you can do something that's giving you a better or even equal benefit and it takes away some of those downsides to the exercise especially as the population who's performing it is less appropriate to be performing exercise and more appropriate to be doing the alternative what's the whole point you know it makes me think about how do we re-educate people because we've all suffered from these narratives of you have to squat you have to deadlift and it's just similar to nutrition do you think that there's a way if I can ask you think there's a way that we re-educate getting to our youth potentially so the younger that we can educate the less likely we're going to have adults in their 50s having to have serious injuries and then Mike you wouldn't have to have this conversation about no more I think we're doing it right now actually I mean these things are really the ability to mass-produce this and to have people hear it and see it is something that we weren't really able to do before I talk about the fact when I was a kid coming up I had to wait for the new strengthen health to come out to the new stand and I mean I waited I visited the new state by these mags love the absolutely strife I waited for strengthen health and I mean I would walk into the store and I would say to those mags in the guy I was like nope then I didn't yet because that was our only connection to the training world and now you think you know you've got 14 million subscribers or something like that on YouTube and I had someone asked me to see what's the greatest thing you've seen the greatest change in strength of condition and I was like the computer and they were like what do you mean I was like there was no computer such a good point and so you start thinking we've got disability now podcasts YouTube we can educate people but our problem is that we copy dumb people there's too many dummies on the internet and not enough people I've taken a little bit more in my old age that kind of calling out the bullshit sometimes I'll just say on Twitter that's a bad that's a bad take because if you don't then people get to establish themselves as experts because this is the loudest voice situation now in terms of who's going to who's going to influence and now there's a lot AI like if you look at Twitter's got all these AI things going that are showing people and sometimes I'll just write total garbage and I'll just click and send the reply because I'm like it's total garbage this is shit like it shouldn't be on the internet shouldn't be anywhere and so what I'm going to be that I guess I'm going to probably we need that I'm going to close to the ground field man states like when you grandfather would say inappropriate things at meals I'm like I'm anxious away um do you have give us a couple more things in the graveyard oh what else do I have in the graveyard um cuban press for the same reason which is when the elbows can you know that arms come down and then press from there it's kind of a necessary adaptation that we don't need um what else do I have in the graveyard um it's not a drawing a blank I had at least five or six in the... oh the chest fly I put the unsupported bench fly in the graveyard simply because probably because of my history working with with pictures and knowing how susceptible the the shoulder caps that can become from chronic overstretching and then we apply a load in that position at the same time and even our as a slime machine would be safer because you're not safer you're much safer and and um and or we'll do like us we'll do a floor fly so in the floor fly we're getting the eccentric over the matter fact the benefit of a floor fly is that you're going to have the safety net of about here on the floor and I could use a heavier weight so if I'm I'm I'm doing the exercise because I like the eccentric overload I get on it um I can actually apply a little bit more weight a little bit more eccentric stress to the chest because the benefit of the exercise is the stretch of the exercise so I can apply a heavier load but in a much safer and again my shoulders aren't going to be vulnerable there too um but again that's because it's an Arnold favorite and it's an Arnold classic and I believe he tore his pack once on on the fly so it's like you know it was his favorite but he did have repercussions for him too it's just not a it's not something that I believe you can't reproduce the benefits of in other ways again but I did nothing is in my graveyard that doesn't have an alternative that's equally good the only reason I would ever throw an exercise into that category is because there's something that could be done that just eliminate some of that risk that's just as good in terms of delivering what it's supposed to deliver so um yeah I mean it's not an extensive graveyard but people are very vocal about their favorites when one finds their way into that graveyard and you have to sort of explain your way out of it or talk a little bit about kids so um I've three kids they all love playing sports um but one of them in particular has has taken a real love of baseball the youngest so you just turned eight about a month ago and I grew up never playing baseball it's not is just wasn't a sport that was particularly popular where I grew up I have to say I have become obsessed with baseball I can really fully understand how people can get obsessed with this sport it's not just the numbers in the data there's just there's so much art in nuance in like learning about all these different pitches and how they hold the ball and I'll tell you what I said okay but you know we live in we live in a world now it seems where coaches want kids to specialize earlier and earlier and I was a little bit surprised at the end of his seven year old seat like you know they're playing three seasons a year by the way in baseball right now right so you've got fall ball spring ball and then like there's this like little summer ball tournament and the kids are playing one position now and most of the kids have a coach and a coach outside of like a position coach outside of the team now my intuition is that just doesn't make sense so so what tell me what you guys think of that do you have a soap box available for me to jump up on abs one I always say follow the money right if you look at most of these people that are telling you that kids need year-round sports or people who are making their living from year-round sports if you look at what most professionals athletes are doing they're not doing that with their kids if you look at what most coaches are doing they're not doing that with their kids what you usually find is some entrepreneur who has developed Joe's baseball and he needs income year-round because he doesn't have Joe's baseball and lacrosse he just says Joe's baseball so as a result they're they start telling you they start giving you that really specialization myth like hey you got to get started early and if you get started early you do better and if you get senior age so somebody Twitter the other day somebody said that you know scouting starts now at ten you this was a woman who runs a softball development program and I just I'd literally I typed these I said no that's absolutely bad information it's they start using words like development and exposure the reality is if you said I have an eight year old who really likes baseball the number one thing I would tell you is make him do something else besides baseball my daughter was a full scholarship I saw you play a very good play a year in the women's professional league you had a scholarship when she was 15 years old I didn't let her play in a summer tournament until she was 13 and people would say all the time can we can we can we can we play in this tournament can you play in that tournament like nope you look what is what she doing so she's gonna go the lake she's gonna water ski she's gonna be on swim team she took up diving one summer because they needed a diver and she became the U12 diver because she the guy started throwing herself off the diving board and said oh she's fearless I'll teach you to dive and I'll say how many hours we take her for and he's like a couple hours a week I was like awesome but so I we made or do that we made her play soccer she did judo she was state judo champion when she was 12 the kids that are better athletes do better in the long run you end up with his whole early sixth cedar phenomenon that we deal with in early sixth cedar's generally they won the the genetic Olympics they generally tend to be from from groups that that develop earlier and they will tend to be ahead when they for us from in my years it was the Greeks and the time kids they always mature they they were the ones that were shaving in junior high school and they were much better in junior high football than the rest of us were because they weighed 190 pounds and we weighed 130 pounds and he just looked at that and think that's not going to have any bearing on the and you have to look this is the literal marathon versus sprint argument in terms of you've got to look at this and think no this is a this is a developmental marathon and the kids who sample tend to do better like your kid loves baseball now but you don't necessarily know that that will be my son love talk he's playing calls across he was playing baseball and across at the same time and eventually we were at us and you feel this way even if the kid is themselves wanting to play all the time would you sort of force I forced my daughter my daughter was hockey only she was that's all I want to do and I said I don't care she was not thrilled about the idea that you weren't letting her play in a summer tournament yeah angry at times with me fights about why can't I do this because she knew she could go and be the best player and I said I don't care for the best player when you're 12 I care for the best player when you're 18 and so being the best player at 12 I'm not getting any ego gratification by going to this tournament and realizing that you made the 12 year old all stars or something like that so yeah we had fights we had fights about soccer I made a player you 14 year soccer and I did but the specialization thing I always think up to 12 broadest sampling possible the more things they can possibly do the better the more because what we're trying to develop general athletic attributes you'll see the kids in hockey that played soccer because their kids can pick up pucks in their feet my son picked up lacrosse really fast because he played baseball and he played hockey and he understood the whole idea oh we score this and that I can catch things extended all that stuff made perfect sense to him when he went to lacrosse and lacrosse ended up coming together but if you weren't sampling you don't know you just think I always say this is a terrible analogy but I'm going to use it anyway I said if you're sun came to you instead I really like cocaine at this point it's the only thing that I want to do you would be like no we're not going to do that right but suddenly because you have to do a little hero right because you're a little man I mean I like it a drug I just don't want you to be but you know you mean if you're just because they want to do it right if you substitute that for baseball you think you think you say I like I like absurd analogies but I think you see the absurdity of that and you think yeah you love baseball that's great but you really should you know you should learn to swim and you really should learn to do some sort of you know sport that involves your feet you know you should play soccer you should I think you know kids should do I think some sort of combat of sport is really good for kids because you should learn what it's like like it's really funny I took my daughter the instructors when my daughter was doing judo were Ronda Rousey and Kayla Harrison which like what are the odds that you go to the best judo school in America that is 15 minutes from your house and that's who's teaching the classes in judo so my daughter can still say that you know she was taught by Ronda Rousey and Kayla Harrison but having to go out in a mat and fight another kid and you fight the word I guess right is really good for a 12 year old girl and that feeling I remember looking at me the first time like you know and I'm like sorry I can't come out like you're on your own you better figure it out and she did so I just you're sampling is the key and specialist specialization if we can think of the worst possible thing you can do for your kid it is to let them specialize even if it gets to the point where they think that I don't like you you're mean you're you're not a good person because you're not letting me do what I want to do you've got to look at them and think that's why I'm the parent that's why I'm in charge sorry soapboxa soapbox down now let's go stuff I will say that our kids are both in gymnastics and judo my daughter hates judo and she sells in gymnastics and we chose gymnastics because it allows for her fine motor skills all of this development very young and also the development of her musculature she's and again she loves it and we know that the healthier fitter and more active these kids are the greater their metabolic health as adults is but to your point what we see is I think in the US we see a lot more injuries than in other places because of this always having a season and from a standpoint of longevity definitely again make our kids do the same thing I don't know why we haven't stopped in question to a little bit sooner because it's not like injury rates are going down so we're playing more and getting injured more like that's what we've seen across all levels of sport Mike and I were discussing the Achilles tendons and the rash of Achilles tendon injuries are at least it seems to be in prominent players but a lot of it has to go back to just the the repetitions in the mileage and one thing that Mike brought up that I thought was really interesting was the way the style of the game is played let's say basketball there's so much more because it's really come down chuckle up a three you go down chuckle up a three you come down chuckle up a three you come down chuckle up a lot less of that inside game going on the game is faster and they run more and there's a lot more mileage how many miles extra was it 200 more miles a year per team right just because of the way the style of the game is played and they're not all linear miles or start stop start stop start stop so there's a lot of cumulative stress on the Achilles tendon doing that that can you know again on top of the fact that as as as as teenagers they're playing all year long too not like it used to be when Larry Burb was playing when he played his season and he probably went home and it did something completely different um I or just just shot around a little bit so the we need to start looking at these extensive seasons in these multiple seasons per year because it's not changing it's not helping if it we wouldn't have all these athletes being injured things are worse now than they've ever been same more about the Achilles that that is the injury I've personally fear the most at this point because um when you're you know I play with my kids at tongue right so uh it's usually soccer and baseball that we're playing um and especially with soccer I'm always worried like is this going to be the day when despite all of the training I do despite all the jumping despite all the multilateral training I'm always doing I don't know what it is I think I've just seen so many of them it's the injury that keeps me up at night is like I'm just literally diving for a soccer ball and it's the beef jerky injury right I mean that's what what is the position of how do you how do you think about maximizing the odds of survival um rolling and stretching one I'm a huge farm roll and stretch person I think everybody should be rolling everybody should be stretching everybody should be doing so specifically talking about the roleiest you're talking about rolling all the way down onto the tendon yep okay so you're talking about calf calf and then doing you know just ankle mobility work basic ankle rocks and then now the it's really interesting because this we talk about dogma right all of a sudden the fun foot elevated stuff is becoming popular and when you think about from a preventive standpoint it makes perfect sense we were always told that you have to have your whole foot on the ground like that's the correct technique if you're on you say foot on it do you mean like toe on it like to play yeah yeah yeah but but initially when I first thought that was like I don't get it and then a physical therapist friend of mine David Gray was like yeah well if you want to get your foot engaged and you want to get your gastroach engaged it just makes sense to put your foot on there and that's where some of the stuff it always goes back to I when I wrote functional training for sports and they asked me to define it I said functional training is training that makes sense when you think about things so that's why when you're talking about flies like flies don't make any sense to me I said unless you're a professional face slapper I don't know why you would do flies so like we don't do stuff like better on the pack that yeah we don't we don't do that like I look at think I don't know why you would do that maybe if you were like you know if you went to a university of Florida like if there was certain things where you might be required to perform that action but you have to look at stuff from a high-perature feast standpoint there's a lot of reasons to do it right I mean it adds it there's a there's a there's something you must be getting out of that movement but you can't get out of just that movement correct yeah well I mean you look at the the amount of adoption that you're getting so any press any dip any push-up it's all limited to about this range of motion but if I can actually open it up even further and get more stretch we know the benefit high-perchery wise of of applying stretch to a muscle but that's that's an exercise where you are also entertaining and range shoulder mobility and then again excess stress on the anterior capsule so like it's like if your body builder if you're a if you're a if you're a rest like if you're in certain sports where the aesthetic matters right it could be a difference between first and second place if you're competitive body builder but that's not that's not my world and and I think that at least educating people about what those risks might be is at least an important first step to have an discussion of whether they should do it or not and again if I if I can provide an alternative for them where I think you could get additional benefits without the risk then why do it what what else do you think is important in the playbook of minimizing the risk of the Achilles injury I was when I said mobility I think ankle mobility is something that we don't no in pay attention to their ankles we don't we don't try to mobilize our ankles at all I think that um tight calves are are common in people and they don't really ever address them and it all starts at the ground everything starts at the ground if you have any compensation if you lack ankle mobility um your knee is going to pay the price for sure because the knee I always said a knee is like that consequential joint in between the hip and the foot and it's just reacting to what's happening above and below and the poor knee might need in in in particular like they got beat up and they never really worked a blame all they were trying to do is just hinge back and forth and they couldn't do a good job because they were being betrayed by flat feet and weak hips but I think if people pay more attention to strength and their hips and to mobilizing their ankles you can feed that chain up and down and if your calf isn't tight or if your your ankle is more mobile then there's less of that tension being put placed down through the tendon itself you're already doing a big as the thing is that forward in terms of decreasing your risk of actually snapping that thing and in terms of strengthening the calf do we think the solius for the gastrocclesa greater role do you need both do you need to have both knee bent and knee straight we always we always focus on both and like a lot of people will always talk about the gastrocc specific strength thing with the knee straight it's just because it's like the one that gives you the the the the better contraction right but I think we don't I don't care about that I care about making sure that all the muscles in the body are strengthened so we'll do equal amounts of seated versus standing cap raises so if you're doing three sets in a day of standing you're doing three sets seated as well so every time we program calf training it's seated and standing together but I don't think one versus the other is more responsible for for the tears I think as a group together the our ankles are lack of mobility and because the ankles are a lack of we if we've talked about like in sleeping and sleeping at night you know your feet are down and especially if you have like if you keep those those those blankets tight at the end of your bed they're down quite a bit and you're spending six seven eight hours in that position like you're not doing yourself any favor in terms of you know encouraging mobility of the ankle and mobility and flexibility through your calves so it just needs to have we need to be much more aware of those of those areas and do more work towards that and again that's part that's more work that people have to do and when you're talking about from the very beginning when we're saying what do I have to do to be in shape or what I have to do sometimes you have to own little many parts of your program because specific to you they're they're important so for you this big fear of that Achilles 10 and tear which I I'm right there with you I think it's it's just a devastating injury that will take you out for quite a while that would be part of your program that you have to add another five minutes of mobility work for your ankle and and do that three four times a week to make sure that you're you're you're doing something about it that starts to add up and people start making choices and their choices are kind of cutting all the little stuff because that's not going to really know I'm going to see my ankle development so they're going to want to see my my arms or my chest or something so I'm going to do more work there but when you make those decisions to cut those little parts of the program those are ones that usually keep you injury free this speaking of single leg you know the difference between doing uh calf raises with two feet versus single leg that that was one of the most profound i-opinners for me was the the difference in in strength and how much less weight you could do one leg at a time it's not half the weight like there's some sort of interesting compensation when you're doing it two legs at a time and we find we've just started adding that back into our adult program we never put calf work in and then suddenly we started thinking I remember trying to do some calf raises I was so sore I thought my god but again you realize it's kind of a use it or use it or lose it scenario where if you're no longer sprinting and jumping then that the flexibility that you know the mobility of that complex and the ability of that thing to absorb force but the other two things one if you avoid doing it if your calves are sore because if you look at both Tateum and Helbert and had previous calf strains that they were playing with and ended up with a killies tendon tears and I think sometimes um again I'm a meme guy that was in a great meme yesterday and the guy said the doctor was like how much does that hurt and he said oh the usual amount and Dr said the usual amount is zero so you've got to be able to look at that and realize that I could shouldn't hurt it all if you're thinking oh my my calves my shins their sore that's indicating to you that you were doing something that wasn't kind and that now you've got to give that enough time to recover so that that's not sore anymore and I think sometimes we get into the kind of I don't know the hard guy stuff in terms of you got it like I never I tell everybody I wrote an article in time called does it hurt and I said it's all about the idea it doesn't hurt to say yes no question if I ask you does it hurt you can only answer yes or no and any equivocation is yes when you well after I warm up yes or only yes and I always do if you when they start qualifying like yeah that's yes so how it's does it hurt you know people bounce press after I warm up doesn't hurt at all I like that means it hurts it's you can't and so we're like for us we don't like you're using that then as a sign that says I need to understand why it hurts it's not you don't train it's we need to figure out what's going wrong which movement and figure out what you know Jeff was a looting to like you know I bright rose and rotate it like what is it that's making your shoulders sore what's the movement that's aggravating and for some people like we find that standing you know people it's functional standing cable pressing is the one thing that everybody can do that doesn't hurt so if we have people which you'll look at and they stand in cable press because it's the one thing they can do that doesn't hurt and I don't care whether people think functional non-functionally you can label it anyway you want to label it but I just know I can get you to press pain free and my goal that's my goal all time I want to be able you can look at me and say I can do that and it doesn't hurt at all then I think okay we can build off that well people don't understand too is that it's okay to go through periods of restriction to a single movement like that right standing cable press to actually allow the shoulder to heal to a point where you actually could get back to doing other variants of the press if that was your desire I told you a story myself where I had a I have a laborum terron I had an inability to do any type of pressing I had to restrict myself simply to a variation of a of a crossover that wasn't even a pure crossover but just something that I could do where I can actually pull in a little bit and then crossover my body because that was going to happen to do pain free but I could still work my chest in a way that you know allow me to do to do something I also knew that I could do something completely different like I could I could horizontal row by doing that I'm getting shoulder movement in a way that was different right someone's like the specialization in sport and not just doing all chest stuff but trying to actually attack the chest through a different way by still looking at the shoulder joint and I would do a lot a lot of rowing which probably was good just post really the balance out some of the imbalance I had in the shoulder but also to just give me more joint range of motion in the shoulder can get all this extension through combination of those two things got me to a point where my shoulder doesn't like I'm not going to not go with now but my shoulder doesn't hurt I can actually be able to go and go back to pressing again in a smart way with dumbbells I don't I don't part of our bench press but I do with dumbbells and I have none of the pain that I had years ago when that was going on so it's okay to to understand that this is a long game and you might want to take a step back and stay with the exercises that don't cause pain and allow yourself a chance to be actively mobile to still recover at the same time instead of sitting on the sidelines like you said it was just not a preferred choice that's not going to turn out well so I pivot and talk a little bit about strength training women across kind of the transition from Perry menopause and to menopause do you have any experience with that I'm guessing you do and Mike you must just by the fact that they're coming in your so start with you get real what do you what are you noticing is the most important things as women are making the transition from Perry menopause straight on into menopause. The first thing is to don't don't wait until they start to feel that their body composition is changing the bitter they are going into Perry menopause and menopause the better they're going to be both metabolically and just activities of daily life everything those women seem to suffer much less when hormones are changing I think what I end up seeing is that maybe sleep is poor their tendons you know one of the signs of menopause is frozen shoulder so if someone is a candidate for HRT we do certainly believe in that or menopause therapy when it comes to training in the literature I haven't seen huge evidence or a variation evidence that good training doesn't include it's not sex specific there is not something specific for women that needs to happen rather than following good foundational principles of strength training hypertrophy and cardiovascular activity so you don't say hey now that you're making this transition we have to alter your periodization or change the way change the amount of time you're spending doing one form of training say cardio versus resistance or even the number of reps you would do we're not changing any of that stuff I don't one of the things that we do look at though is if they are at risk for injury for tendons or joints because we do see that that changes but then once we treat them I do not see a reason to change good programming is good programming progressive stimulus is progressive stimulus no it was great because when I read your book there was very reinforcing for me because we're getting that question more and more now from our female clients just because because of people like you were talking about it more people are more comfortable than talking to us about it and it's exactly that it's the whole thing I always come back it always comes back to strength and conditioning get stronger getting better shape get them to challenge themselves more with weights and not be content the females are very I always think there's there's an ego component that's absent in females it is very present in males like males will look at you know if I look at what Jeff did I might think I'm going to try that females just don't have that it they're just very internally driven and sometimes that will cause them to underachieve in the weight room because they're not they're not worried about being top dog and not worried about who lifted most weight it just isn't make some better snipers you know I believe it makes them better clients trust me if I could I would do nothing I have with a lot of really elite females like that are great hockey players and the crossplay and stuff and they're the best people to train by far because they don't have a lot of the kind of extra baggage sometimes that the guys have they're just way more compliant they just listen to what you say they don't argue with you they don't begin they don't worry about what Jeff is doing but just encouraging them to continually get stronger and encouraging them to continue to and we would look at it as conditioning versus cardiovascular work I guess kind of how we always use the term but pushing them to do more intervals pushing them to do I want more aggressive intervals so you know you have a lot of you two max work out but I want to get that like I love the end of yelping idea like Andy Galpens thing was like hey you just want to get your heart rate up really high once a week I think that's a really good concept and starting to just get people to think hey get your heart rate up where heart rate monitor don't be afraid to push your heart rate to to acts you know whatever that is and don't be afraid to be you know out of breath or get off the bike and feel like you want to land the floor kind of thing because we're big assault bike airdine people because it's just them I think it's the most efficient way to to hit your cardiovascular system with what I would code no orthopedic costs like I can kill you on the bike and nothing bad is going even like you sing with the hamstring I'm going to bet you can't be able to bite back I'm trying to hit her today and then you'll be perfectly fine because you're not you're not weight bearing and you're not getting a lot of aggressive hip extension and a lot of aggressive hip flexion and you can probably torture yourself on there for a long time without having any negative effects but the biggest thing like said with women is just getting them over that I'm going to get big so I don't push myself kind of thing and so it's funny I film a lot of my and ask them to talk about how much they weigh and how much weight they've haven't gained because I've two of the best lacrosse attackers on our US team that are in their mid 20s now and they've been here for five years and they've gained no weight they're stronger they're faster but females gaining lean masses really difficult you have to really be a super responder and usually I always say apples end up like apples oranges end up like oranges it's not like suddenly just one day the apple is going to wake up in the next day going to be an orange like you're going to be if you're an acto morph you're an acto morph you will get the occasional really mesomorphic female way you do think oh wow she really does respond to weights but they're rare they're super rare so Jeff what about you what are you seeing in women specifically the training especially during that transition through menopause I think as Gabby appointed out like the training specifics are pretty much the same what applies and what is good smart training for for men is equally applicable to women the only thing that I would say from a PT standpoint by on the can't leave there are some differences in terms of something called a Q angle right the the angle of the hip of the femur coming down to the knee it does create a lot more valgus at the knee for for women then then then it does for for men so I think you just have to be aware of those things so what you're doing certain activities you want to be able to coach better in terms of being aware positioning so like the tendency for a lot of women when they jump is to land in a much more valgus knee state which could put more and more stress and even if it's not like we're not fearful of them blowing out in a training session but as we talked about before that cumulative stress of every time you land you're getting more and more stressed on the MCL or the ACL that would be something that you'd want to coach around and make them aware of because you could strengthen that you could work on biomechanically improving those things you know you put a band around their knees and have them jump that way and land that way they're learning how to activate their abductors and their hip that is probably something that isn't even really a required it would be all men could benefit from that but it's not an additional requirement because we're not dealing with the same biomechanical angles also because of hormones women will have more laxity of hormones at different times of the month that will be make them susceptible to different stresses so I think you just have to be aware of the education side of it and coaching through that but as far as the exercise is the programming we also found that you know women just tend to be much stronger than men in terms of their their output pound for pound and and given the differences in sex they're able to proportionally push more weight especially with the lower body the men can so interesting yeah very strong much much stronger have you found that to like the women are incredibly strong in terms of their their their output in strength comparative to to men we really thought about it in terms of pound for pound the one thing we found is that they're much stronger in their upper body than they think they are that's the one thing that we've seen is that we've got women doing weighted gyms with set you know 45 pounds for five and what oh yeah our best one is that 45 for seven is the best I've seen 45 pounds wrapped around her waist and she's doing seven and up sales carpenter how many men can do that every in our gym we we really emphasize it like most of ours wow my sons did 90 for two the other day he weighs 180 a bunch of kids in his team we really push we push pulling that doesn't sound right but we have emphasized we like push pulling yeah that I'm leading the league in redundancy I want to come back to something you said at the outset Mike you're talking about kids the youngest you train is 11 you drew a hard line in the sand how come I always said I don't want to be in the childhood stealing business and I think there's some people in our industry that are in the childhood stealing business I want I think kids should be kids and they don't need a strength and conditioning coach when they're seven eight nine ten years old they probably need a playground and a bike and swing said and slide there's a lot of things that kids could be doing that are way more fun than being in my gym so we we actually drew the line at 12 initially but the sports brackets are 11 12 so when we realize that we drew the line at 12 people then started coming and wanted to bring a team and suddenly it was kind of like well yeah Jeff can't come because he's 11 so eventually we kind of bumped it down and then we just resisted bumping it down more because I don't want to run a a kind of a gender gym kind of program I don't want people to run around I don't want birthday parties that's not what I'm looking to do so we just said 11 I think at 11 you're going into middle school you can start to understand that there may be some commitment involved in terms of hey if I want to make a team I'm going to probably have to learn to work at this thing and I'm going to have to learn to train and it's a very good if you kind of look at the long-term athletic development models that 11 12 is a good learn to train age to get kids in and get them kind of oriented to today here so I do the exercises and we're very learned to train oriented at that stage I tell coaches all time I don't care if any of these kids get stronger I could kill us I really care that they're good lifters if they've been here 10 weeks and by the end I can look at them and think wow they can gobble it's squad and they can zoom out deadlift and they can do a clean and they can do a chin up and they can do a push up then. I mean all of that is fantastic right and again it still flies in the face of what many people would think which is oh my god an 11 year old lifting weights it's going to stun their growth Mike aren't you crazy and that's the that's what that really I love it wrote that down it's funny that I was in my notes in the beginning but the misconception the stuff we're still dealing with this done to grow thing and you'd brought up New York Times but New York Times did an article where they tried to pull the string on that where did this done to grow thing come from and it actually came from a study the only study they could find was on Japanese forced child labor the kids who were forced into child labor tended to be smaller than their age matched peers who were not nourished right exactly well nourished and not working at eight in a factory and as result but that was sort of but yeah you still have doctors people say I don't you know they talk about growth plates stuff there's no growth plate damage evidence there's none of those things are there and then you talk about gymnastics here we all I always tell people figure skating in gymnastics are 10,000 times more aggressive than anything that we would do in the gym I look at and I'll get myself in trouble but I always say organized child abuse right I mean it's not even good for kids when you look at what they're trying to do with these young bodies because you need I always think you need little people to rotate right I mean that's the key to those sports and you look at that and then you think what we're doing in the gym okay hold 10 pounds squat up and down and that's going to be bad for you but it's been around three times and land is okay that's just that's physics and I science and I in where you look and think now I can show you the physics of that is way way worse so what are the things and this is a question for all of you because you all have kids so my we haven't pushed our boys and we even pushed any of our kids our daughter just decided at some point she wanted to start lifting weights so that was great but our boys kind of like to come in the gym with us and we just sort of play goofy games with them so you're I know your friends with Jaco and life and they have this fun little card game that they play where you you get the if you see this game so it's basically like you designate what you know what is what's displayed what's a heart what's a diamond it's a diamond you think it is like this is push up this is a burpy this is a setup and then obviously if you flip it and you get a 10 of that thing you do 10 of the jiff you get a 7 of the 7 of the 7 of them and then move on so well this usually they'll just come in the gym with us and play that game they really see they this is the problem with boys they want to want to be each other so you know once one of them goblet squats this amount of weight the next guy wants to go to the heavier kettlebell and the next one wants to go to heavy kettlebell and actually I do get a little worried because I see their form deteriorate right they go into what I call turtle back right so they go from lumber extension they start getting into lumber flexion and I'm like guys enough so so what advice would you have for trying to help little boys who want to start lifting but just you just want them to develop the form I think it's really funny because if you were to ask them to do to jump onto something or to or to even to do like to to walk up stairs two steps at a time their form usually is going to look quite good when it's just a naturally occurring activity that they're doing in their life when you then say hey let's do this as an exercise let's do something call they step up where we step up onto a box so let's even do a push up right the push up if they already get themselves on the floor probably look a lot prettier than it does when the ask them to do a push up they're it passes up in the air their shoulders are wide they're kind of moving in all different kinds of segments so to me it's this disconnect it's not that they lack the athletic skills or the strength to do what it is you're asking them to do they lack the awareness of what it is you're asking them to do so they don't like when it's packaged as an exercise they're sort of like not really sure what that is so it's it's our responsibility to kind of make it seem isn't understand and tell them where they're supposed to be feeling it you know the number one question that people ask when they are we're starting out an exercise program not just kids anybody when they do an exercise surprisingly because this is what we all do when we are so passionate about it what am I supposed to work what am I feeling here what am I supposed to feel this and to be like well where do you feel it you know but that's it they want to know because they want to know where okay because if I'm not feeling it there what do I have to do to get it to feel to feel it there kids need to learn the proper the proper form and by my care somehow do the exercise again I think they possess a lot more athletic skill and natural abilities and we give them credit for and when we just have them start doing exercises it breaks down so take the time do the exercises right who cares about the way that's in their hand first start with body weight and then have them learn the mechanics of that as I said before that little drop squat the drop squat will actually isn't where they can actually add weight and learn better than it could be if they were trying to learn a body weight squat in this case that that actual implement would insist them and learning how to do it properly because it's going to take their their center mastery down so the form is everything when it comes to kids when we work for kids in in 11 and 12 year old bracket that's what we try to focus on is learn the movement go slow right don't speed through it go slow speed is something that usually breaks down any good any attempt at good form so learn the movements and then we could always speed them up and we could always add weight but if you don't learn the form you're going to basically set up a foundation that's going to ultimately crack especially if they get away with that for their teen years and other and their 20s and then that really now that competition starts to kick in and competing with your buddies and then things get really ugly and are either of you guys doing sports specific training for these 12 year olds for example if you got a 12 year old who's a pitcher versus a 12 year old who's a basketball player are you having them do different exercises? No nothing I don't play I think sports specific trials I always say sports specific training is bullshit it's absolutely nonsense baseball is sports specific training like if you want to go get better at baseball then go play baseball if you come to the weight room I mean I've trained guys in every major professional sport and it's at most 80 20 probably 90 10 like 90 percent of what we do is the same 10 percent of what we do is different and that 10 percent is totally irrelevant to a 8 9 10 11 12 year old it makes absolutely no difference it could it. That's really counterintuitive I would thought that I mean God if you're a pitcher you've got to be taking more care of the rotator cuff then maybe the guy who's you know then you know the hockey player for example right and that's not in the chat that would be the 10 percent you know like the 10 percent with baseball would be that be shoulder care stuff that you might not really worry about with your hockey players or football players so there's going to be that's where your difference in program would be like that one spot um rotator cuff but with kids like I always look at I think you shouldn't be a pitcher you not a pitcher your baseball player and you might end up being a catcher you might end up being a shortstop because again I've had so many no my Garcia par no my Garcia par went to Georgia Tech and tried to kick on the football team and and he we yeah and he glove soccer he married me a ham he's a huge soccer fan he told me one time I used to train me said I would absolutely be playing soccer if I didn't live in the United States he said but I realized the best kind of the best use use of my athleticism was Major League Baseball and that playing in the MLS would never have that you know given me the type of career that I would have had Major League Baseball but most every great athlete that I've seen was a great multi-sport athlete but we've got this self-fulfilling prophecy now of specialization where people can now point and they'll deal point to tiger woods of somebody and say oh tiger woods specializing it's like yeah you can find me one specialist I can find you a thousand generalists who all have achieved and but you'll continue to use the specialist as the example because that's what you want to believe we as achievement oriented people like for you to be a great doctor for you to be a great doctor for you to be great at YouTube that's what you got to do kids is the polar opposite for them to be great at something down the road they probably need this super broad based skill set that's kind of eventually allow them you know the the base of the pyramid versus the height of the pyramid the bigger the base the larger the height you know if you build an obelisk out of the gate you're probably not going to accomplish much so you mentioned Carl Crawford like he didn't he didn't get those scholarship offers for three different sports because he started playing a 18 or 17 he obviously was playing all those sports at a young age and getting in developing all those athletic skills to where he could select the one that was most appropriate for him either financially or and he was just the best some of this is genetic lottery Carl Crawford could do a standing back flip at 230 pounds we you may have never seen he's still in all the most athletic person I've ever seen but he would have been that in any number of sports I don't think you know it's just the fact that he chose baseball and that's what's interesting in terms of people say oh you look at did your pens you know they specialize in soccer and it's like yeah because they don't have the choices that we have over here we've got a lot of opportunities that maybe aren't present in in other countries so people will kind of people cherry pick because they want to support their their thesis but to me the more important thing is like virtually no kid is going to be a professional athlete right so so you know my interest is in how do you use the interest in sports first to fuel the spark that says lifelong activity is an important pillar of health second how do I make sure that when you are done playing sports which for most people is the end of high school then there's a narrow subset that'll say well actually it's the end of college and then it's virtually nobody who's playing sports after that because to your point pickleball with your buddies on Sunday that ain't sports so we all stopped playing sports pretty young and yet we are going to need to train for the rest of our lives and I think that's the thing that I'm still trying to better understand is how do we use youth sports as a tool to set you up to be an athlete for life where the sport changes to life and I think that's the difference in terms of using it to teach life lessons you know they say sports can build character can build characters you have to use it to build the kids character and sometimes that may be saying you're not just going to get you know I get it that you just like baseball but we're going to play soccer in the spring because we think you need to be exposed to more things and the kids learn that lesson like because sometimes they they just learn this kind of micro focus really early on and then later on when they don't achieve they think oh if I wish I'd done more things I wish I'd sampled more I wish I'd explored more I think it's just it's looking at the real body of evidence versus looking at the evidence that's presented to you by the person who's trying to get your money which is what usually happens now is that the issue I think though is that where we're going off track is that the coaches and the parents of these children are over emphasizing the importance of what it is or actually competing and to the point where they why do you think we have you said because of money they have all these additional leaks throughout the year but it's also because everyone thinks their kids can be a pro when they're not and they don't want their kid to be left behind that too and it's is all these social pressures behind this you know and I think that is what's feeding that is what's feeding the problems that we've seen also taking away from the fact that this is introducing lifelong habits to them to the point where is is degenerating something that should be very positive into something that becomes at worst destructive because you're you're you're over you're over doing something and you're actually a lot of times also making a lot of these kids hate athletics by the time they were 17 18 19 yeah that's another issue which is I can't tell you the number of people I met who grew up collegiate swimming who cannot stand swimming and it's such a shame because swimming is I mean while it's not good for bone density it's pretty much good for everything else so by itself I would say it's not the only exercise you should do but boy if I think about if there's one exercise I could insert into everybody's life it would be some amount of swimming and yeah somebody who swam through high school in college they'll they're like I just I could never do it again it was my best sport I went to the first swimming meeting at Springfield College and the coach I still remember Red Sylvia famous division three coach the first words out of his mouth were the first practice is at and I was thinking he's talking per day here right now they practice their swimming twice today they're swimming for school and after school and I sat politely through the whole meeting like this and nodded and went to the football meeting and tried out for freshman football because I was like there is no way I'm going in the pool twice a day it was the end of my swimming career and I now terrible shoulders I don't even I can't stand swimming because hurts you know I think when you're talking about becoming a lifelong athlete that for us so again our kids are four and five they train with us they might not be doing the same lifts but we let them play with a you know kettlebell pick things up put them down and we let them run we let them do things that they would physically be able to do without a lot of queuing and as I just think about some of the data on tendon health we know that the earlier people start the better and more resilient those tendons are because they're not starting later in life not getting injured and I just think again it's just a great place to start the earlier the better which is a bit counterintuitive because we've heard all of this information how kids shouldn't lift weights or train and maybe it's not a standardized training program but they're in there they're doing stuff with us like every day so I want to ask you guys each the same question if you think back to the last five years you're obviously all in a constant state of learning is there something you have changed your mind on something significant that you've changed your mind on and not just changed your mind on but it's changed the way you behave the way you help other people I'll start with you get real this is a big one I don't think body fat percentage is nearly as important as we think it is I think that is going to be somewhat of an outdated metric I believe that in termoscular out of post tissue this I'm at is going to be much more predictive of disease and this came from I interviewed on my podcast malniquery and we're talking about PCOS and I'm thinking metabolic PCOS what is the body fat percentage that's going to change the outcome and to the conclusion is because Gabrielle has nothing to do with body fat percent it had to do with their intermuscular out of post tissue and that I think is going to be an upcoming theme it's much more specific to insulin resistance and these metabolic outcomes that we care about and commercially obviously it can be measured quite easily with CT scans and with MRIs to my knowledge it's very difficult for Dexa to approximate it so that's right so how it is ultrasound viable I may see you wouldn't be able to get whole body but you could sample the quads which is where it would be most that would probably be the canary in the coal mine is if you're accumulating muscle in your quads yes and I think it's also very different yes very difficult to test MRI seems to be where a lot of the data is we're not there to measure it but this is something and I think we are going to see so much more of and you know it we're all focused on a muscle son drug approach and for the last 50 years it's been all about obesity and this is the same thing it's almost that we're looking where it's obvious but it doesn't mean that that's where it's effective I really agree with you actually and I think pharmacologically for what it's worth I think that's the next frontier right so I think what the GLP1 Agnes have done over the past five years with the introduction of the third and fourth generations of those drugs the first two were largely failures but because of how successful the third and fourth generations were it were really at a point where I think people can see that you can address the crisis of over abundance from a nutrition standpoint but what people realize the new problem that is yet to be addressed to sarcopenia and when I'm looking at what's at the leading edge in the frontier of biotech right now it's all around anti-sarcopenia drugs now of course we have another great drug that works again sarcopenia it involves holding iron and eating certain types of foods but you know if if if if if if where billions of dollars are being invested is any indication of what people realize is the next frontier I think people are waking up to the idea that it's not enough to solve the adiposity problem you must address the sarcopenic problem yes I couldn't agree more what about you Mike what have you changed your mind on and what's the idea this one I glad you gave me a head start to think about this you know some digestive health I had a bowel resection done nine months ago so they took a foot of my colonel and and I realized I actually did a really good presentation for our staff called you don't know shit and because I think that's the most neglected area of health right now because we don't talk about it and people it's uncomfortable and until you experience it firsthand you don't realize how important fiber is how important water is how badly like most of us are chronic dehydration seems like a it's a big deal but it's really not a big deal but it suddenly is a big deal I mean I liken it to it's like you have a dumpster your whole life that's out in the back of your house and it just gets emptied all the time and then suddenly one day you realize they can't empty the dumpster anymore like I'm in trouble and that's us like we we're worried about our musculosystem we're worried about our nervous system we're worried about our endocrine system and our digestive system is just this thing that's supposed to be this dependable system that's just gonna take care of us forever and then suddenly in our 50s and 60s it starts to fail and we don't want to talk about it and I mean I ended up I was in like I was in the hospital I like I was sick and the guy was like yeah we got it and this is amazing surgery we got to take foot of your colon out and put you back together again I won't go into the the real gory specifics but it made me realize it I mean I take a fiber self-manaltime I put fiber self you know fiber in my shakes all the time now I look at how much fiber is in everything that I eat now be used to our protein numbers look at the fiber numbers our people are way more fiber deficient than protein deficient but they're not they're gonna suffer the effects way down the road and it'll be too late for them to realize so if I would say to anybody I'd be like drink more water eat more fiber and it because you don't want a ballerys section. What about you Jeff? I'm breaking the rules now a couple but personally I think I have to twin nine-year-old boys and so in the last five years they've gone from four to nine which for a dad is sort of where the phase where the where mom was definitely the favorite for the first four years and then you know I sort of stepped in and become the fun guy so I've realized through their interactivity with me number one to appreciate things I didn't appreciate before I think in a in the first half of my adult life I was so focused on professionally achieving whatever I could whether it be working for the meds or then starting this business and really going you know all hours of the night to try to build a business not that I just still don't do that but I really have learned to better prioritize my time with my kids to the point where it's difficult for me to make travels out to do podcasts because I really try to be around them and and I've learned to appreciate because of they they're on the spectrum I learned to appreciate their their their wins every day right so it's like wow that you know I I don't take anything for granted that's a thing that I am so grateful for that being able to benefit from because if I if I don't think if it the situation was different I probably would just continue to work work the way I did but I think from a professional standpoint kind of oddly one of the things that I think is really overlooked is balance training and I think that it's an area that people are going to probably have to spend a little bit more time focusing on because it's like like we just talked about that's just of health like it's it's another one of those things that's going to get worse as you get older for a number of reasons number one your reaction times will get worse number two your proprioceptive sense is going to get worse which is essentially your sense of body position number three your strength is going to get worse as we talked about inevitably decade by decade when we consider what all that leads to ultimately falling we talked about these fears I don't have the fear of falling right now I'm sure if you don't have the fear of falling right now we have the Achilles tendon stage right now but 20 years from now 30 years from now our biggest fear should be falling because when you do you're likely going to live a pretty difficult end of your life and it might lead lead to a much faster end of life and I think that actually training balance is another one of those things is going to have to get kind of sectioned into that five minutes of extra work that you're going to want to have to do for yourself and the most important thing when you're training your balance even if it's just simple standing on one leg and drawing an alphabet with your other foot is to close your eyes because I think that when you don't close your eyes you're actually you know like just one dimensionally create creating an environment that's not actually what we're going to face most people fall in the dark because they don't have that visual feedback to correct by the time you send that signal down to your ankle to make an adaptation is too late you know and again our our reaction times are delayed too it's going to be even worse so it's just the thing that I think people that are already older should start working on because as a skill you can improve it and as somebody who is looking down the line here and seeing things change including my eyesight which used to be so perfect up close you know that that changes I know all these things are happening under the hood and making a dedicated effort is something that I think people should probably invest some time and took it as well worth the investment for that long range safety yeah I mean I think I think the theme here is I think we would all agree in the gravitational pull of aging I just despite the fact of you know what what some of the popular bio hackers might have you believe we're not none of us are getting out of this alive and I think I would bet each of us can remember what it was like what it was like to be 10 years younger what regardless of whatever age we are today but this idea if I could take what you're all saying and impart one thing to a listener it would be you do have a choice at the rate at which this glider is going to come down the glider will come down gravity always wins but you can train to reduce the rate of decline you can train to reduce the rate of decline it won't happen by accident the the training you have to do has to be specific right it's not obvious or intuitive that you should do some of these exercises a lot of the things that you guys have talked about today are exercises I just love the the front foot on a plate on a 45 pound plate putting the front foot up there going into a a lunge taking a plate and doing little twists the amount of stress that that puts on the proprioceptive capacity that front foot is insane what a dumb looking unsexy exercise that never shows up in the mirror and yet what a phenomenal exercise I'm with you 100% on all of these sorts of balance drills with eyes shut and they're frustrating it is frustrating to be on one foot with your eyes shut trying and then add the third layer is turn your head you're doing that oh my god I mean you the the you know the way you feel and and you don't want to do things you suck at but you kind of have to do this and and I I guess I don't know I just hope that people realize that ignoring it won't make it less likely and there is it's a relatively small price to pay you're not asking people to be in the gym 12 hours a week right I lost I checked yeah some of us choose to be in gym or exercise 12 hours a week but that's probably because we're weird and we do that just like other people might enjoy watching TV but yeah if someone could give two great hours a week it breaks my heart they that there are people who don't do it for whatever reason for whatever belief system that says it's too late or it's too hard or I'll do it tomorrow so guys I really really appreciate this I don't know where the time went because we didn't actually cover a single thing I had written which is okay because you know I had good stuff written down but I thought we talked about good stuff so I'm incredibly grateful for all of you making the trip out here and I only wish we had another three hours although we'd have to take another bathroom break or something so thank you all for coming thank you this is the pleasure honestly pleasure to get to meet you guys this guy already knew but I could do this all day thanks guys thank you