Hey everyone, welcome to the Drive Podcast. I'm your host Peter Atia. Ronda, so great to see you and I didn't realize until a few minutes ago that the last time we spoke it was virtual. Yeah, good to see you. We go back a long way. You're still in the same art, same former neighborhood in San Diego. I know, and I'm thinking that, you know, you found the same feeling here in Austin. Yeah, we did. All right. Well, there's a lot. We want to chat about today. And I'm a little hesitant to say this, but I do feel like reluctantly. We need to have one more discussion about a particular macro nutrient that seems to get a lot of attention lately. And I don't necessarily want to talk about this because I think it's especially interesting. Or even to which there's some new study that we need to shed light on. But it does seem to remain somewhat surrounded in some controversy, which I will refrain from publicly speculating on why said controversy exists, although privately. I'm very happy to speculate on all the reasons for it. So with that said, let's talk about protein. Let's do it. I do think it's an important topic. You know, you and I have probably talked to all the world's experts on protein. And, you know, we were chatting a moment ago about this recommended daily allowance for protein. So called RDA. And really what it should be called is the minimal daily allowance. And all, I would say, it recommended all those sounds like optimal and away. Like I think people confuse that with the optimal amount of protein, right? So it's kind of tricky. And I think that's an important place to start because of that reason where this amount, which is 0.8 grams per kilogram, body weight per day, is the RDA for protein, right? And I know that you've probably had countless experts on talking about this. I've had experts on talking about this. Two Phillips being one. There's so many different publications that I mean, people can start off by reading one of them here by a two Phillips perspective. Protein requirements and optimal intakes in aging are we ready to recommend more than the recommended daily allowance. And there's several of these out there. Okay, then this is just one. And essentially, if you, if you have the time and the willingness to go into the scientific literature and actually read something for yourself or listen to the drive, or listen to my podcast and the actual experts talking about it, what you will hear or what you will learn is that a lot of the studies that were done to determine this RDA or flawed. They were called nitrogen balance studies. And for many reasons, they're flawed. I can't, I don't want to get into all the technical reasons, but for one, what they are doing is measuring the amount of nitrogen that is excreted in urine after you are metabolizing protein. Right? And some of the flaws that are, I would say the most important here are that different types of foods that have protein in them have different nitrogen to protein ratios. They're collecting urine in which, you know, the case is that it's incomplete collection. I mean, like when you pee in one of those cups, like you don't get all the urine, it's incomplete collection. And so essentially what's happened and we lose nitrogen through other means that is not true. Yes, exactly. We lose the nitrogen through other means. And so essentially the signal to noise ratio is pretty low. And ultimately what, like countless experts have now agreed upon is that the protein for the RDA has been underestimated because of those reasons. And there have been new studies that have been done. These have been like more stable isotope studies that major isotope that's used is the L13 carbon labeling phenolal alanine in which case these studies take a small cohort of people, give them a known amount of protein with that isotope tracer. And then that tracer is oxidized when it's metabolized. And that's measured through breath, the oxidation of phenol alanine. Right? And so now you're getting a quantification that's much more accurate in terms of your protein, you know, steady state and turnover. Right? And so the whole point here is that you're trying to figure out the minimal amount of protein you need to take in every day to make sure that you're not in the negative protein balance. Why is that important? Well, that's important because we don't store amino acids. Right? We don't store amino acids like we store fatty acids. That's triglycerides or we store glucose as glycogen. Right? The major source of our amino acid storage tank, so to speak, is our muscle, skeletal muscle tissue. And you don't want to be pulling from that skeletal muscle tissue to get amino acids every day. Why do we need amino acids every day? Because everything in our body requires proteins. Proteins are doing all the work in our body and proteins are made up of amino acids. And so we have to be giving ourselves an intake daily intake of amino acids to make sure we're able to do all those functions. Right? I want to state that again because I do think there's a very important and fundamental point here that is glossed over when we talk about it because we take it for granted like if we studied biochemistry and anybody who's, you know, studied biochemistry will know this, but we can store fat in unlimited quantities. Right? So if you deprive a person of fat calories for a period of time, they have a long reservoir that they can dig into. Not indefinitely, but they can. We can store carbohydrates now. We can't store them quite as much because, you know, we only have so much glycogen. We can store in the muscle and in the liver, but when we break down fat, we keep making the substrate to actually make glucose so we get into a nice little rhythm. But to your point, the only place that an amino acid sits in residence in our body is in the muscle. Therefore, if we even get near the edge where we are not getting sufficient intake of amino acids, we don't have a buffer. We don't have a rainy day fund that we can dip into. We immediately start to cannibalize or break down muscle. Now, I don't think we have to make the case that that's a bad idea, but for the sake of completeness, we should state there is not really a single scenario I can think of that is clinically relevant where it would be desirable to give up muscle mass. You know, maybe if you're Mr. Olympia, you can sacrifice muscle mass, but for you and me, and I think everybody listening to us, giving up muscle mass because we are falling short on our protein intake would be a strategic error and an unforester. Exactly. I mean, for short term and long-term health. So, I think that's pretty clear. And that's where, you know, it comes, this RDA not being enough is a very important point because if we look at the actual, so let me go back to this isotracer, isotope tracer studies, those multiple studies, okay, multiple studies, as you know, have shown that the minimum. I will link to these in the show notes, by the way, just so that people can go and actually look at the papers as opposed to reading about it on social media. Sounds good. Multiple of these papers have shown that, you know, really going up to more like 1.2 grams per kilogram body weight per day is what is needed to prevent people, us, adults from being in this negative protein balance. That's quite a bit more than the 0.8 grams per kilo. 50 percent more. So, like most of the studies done isotope tracer studies are between 30 to 50 percent more. So, that's really important because if we look at the actual protein intakes of adults, you know, these are nutritional surveys that are done. Of course, they're all flawed. We can talk about it. I mean, we all know the flaws of question areas, but let's just talk about what we think people are actually taking in. Adults are mostly taking in all adults are taking in about 0.9 grams per kilogram body weight per day of protein. So, pretty close to what that RDA is. Not what it should be, right? Older adults, if we look at the gender, male versus female, males are taking in about 0.9 grams per kilo on body weight, females are taking in pointy. So, they're really just hitting that what we call RDA, which now we have established is not enough. The RDA is not enough to not to basically be in a net protein balance. So, that's really important. And that's essentially telling us that most adults are walking around without being in a good, you know, in steady state protein balance, right? So, there's a- So, here's an interesting question round up. So, we know the rates at which muscle mass, skeletal mass, are declining by decade in an aging population. Is there any way we can estimate, I'm guessing the answer is no, but on the off chance you would know, through any way we can estimate what percent of that decay is simply being driven by insufficient amino acid consumption versus other factors, right? Other factors would be anabolic resistance associated with aging. Other factors would be anabolic resistance associated with sedentary behavior. Other factors would be lack of sufficient resistance training. Like there are many factors that explain clearly the fact that as a person goes from 50 to 60 to 70 on average they're losing muscle mass. But it would be interesting to consider how much of that is explained by the fact that they are also barely scurting the minimum amount of nitrogen that they need. And in many cases falling below it. Right. So, to answer your question, I don't know that there's a direct way to do that, but I do know that there are studies that have shown that when older adults so older adults that are really more susceptible to the things that you were saying, like anabolic resistance where people are basically where your muscle tissue is not as sensitive to amino acids because mostly because of physical inactivity which increases with age. But when older adults take in 1.2 grams per kilogram body weight per day of protein it nearly eliminates some of the age related muscle loss that happens. So, I think that is some evidence to sort of support what you were saying in that if you just increase your protein intake to 50 percent. Yeah, 50 percent to this minimum what the RDA should be 1.2 grams per kilogram body weight per day. I think that's pretty much what most all the experts agree is that like it's time to change that RDA to that number. Right. The minimal amount that you need per day. If we just if elder adults just do that they're actually preventing a lot of the age related loss in muscle that occurs. And we also know that older women if they take in that amount of 1.2 grams per kilogram body weight per day they're 30 percent less likely to have frailty in old age which is also very important. Right. So I think that's pretty good evidence that it's clear that just increasing your protein intake by 50 percent is really important for aging for our muscle, for our muscle health and also is getting us out of that net negative state that we're in. So I mean I know so step one is we should move the floor from 0.8 to 1.2. Yes. I think the floor being the minimal amount of protein that we need to take in per day. This is not optimal. We're going to get into optimal. This is just like the new RDA. Right. And and as you mentioned so you kind of hit on this antibiotic resistance and I think that's also really really important point because it does compound with the fact that we're already not getting enough protein to to to to to be in a positive state of protein balance. And then you compound that with antibiotic resistance. Right. Now antibiotic resistance is where your muscle to tissue becomes less sensitive to amino acids and so you're not making as much muscle protein synthesis as an occurring as much as it does when you're younger. I think it's pretty consensus now that a lot of antibiotic resistance is not necessarily aging the aging process per say. So much as connectivity. In that tip. Yeah. And the experiment that Luke von Lund shared when he was on the podcast. I think was a very elegant way to do this, which is they took young subjects. I don't remember if they were in their 20s but it was thereabouts. Maybe in their 30s. So Luke very young subjects and they put a cast on one leg, no cast on the other and they left them in this state for a period of time. Again, the details have now completely escaped me. But the point is has not escaped me, which is after whatever period of time the individuals were casted on one leg, not casted on the other. Let's just say it was two weeks, four weeks, something to that effect. They removed the cast. Of course, while the person was casted, the casted leg did nothing. The other leg continued to go through exercises. They were doing just single leg extensions, leg curls, things like that. They then ran the stable isotope experiment in these individuals and looked at muscle protein synthesis rates and low and behold, the individual, the leg that was uncasted perfectly normal, the other one significant antibiotic resistance. So to me, that's the clearest demonstration that in activity is the main culprit. There's probably an all things equal age-related component as well. But I suspect that in activity is playing a larger role than aging per se. Totally agreed. I think there was another study that was done in older adults. So first of all, if we look at maybe we should talk about... Can we explain about the substance? I think it's worth people understanding why this idea matters. Yeah, antibiotic resistance. So when we eat protein, we're breaking down amino acids. And the primary amino acid that is anabolic is elucine. So these amino acids like elucine are getting into the muscle tissue and that is instigating it's a signal to increase muscle protein synthesis. So you're making more protein in your muscle and that in turn increases muscle hypertrophy. The other major signal to do that is mechanical force. So that would be the resistance training, the working of the muscles. So as we get older, our muscles do become less sensitive to those amino acids. Like the elucine transporter being one of the major ways, but I think there's others as well. And so what happens is that for the same amount protein dose and the study has been done. And if you compare younger adults and older adults, 65 years age and older, you give them the same exact protein dose. The older adults are have, like so I guess let me say it the other way. The younger adults have twice as much muscle protein synthesis. And for the older adults to get the same amount of muscle protein synthesis, they're a double their amount of protein to get the same amount of muscle protein synthesis as the younger adults. That's a lot that it double that amount of protein. So that's because again, it's just your muscle tissue is not sensitive to the amino acids and sort of get more of them in. You have to increase your intake of the protein. Now to your point about physical activity being the major driver here, it's I think that's 100% I agree. I think it's totally true and there's so much evidence out there to prove that Luke Van Loone's study being one. But also older adults that do engage in resistance training have the same anabolic response to the same amount of protein as younger adults. So in other words, the activity makes up for it. It does. You don't have to as your aging as you if you're a 65, 70 year old male listening to this episode and your engaging resistance training, you're likely not experiencing much anabolic resistance, maybe a little, but not much. And so you don't necessarily have to experience it if you are physically active and training. And that's really the bottom line here. That's the most important thing. If there's a public health message in this episode, it really is you should be training. Yeah, and think about the impact that physical training has on insulin resistance as well. Completely different mechanism of action. Probably ties in more to fatty acid accumulation within muscles and all sorts of other things that lead to it. But again, the most effective remedy is physical activity. And again, this is, yeah, I mean, it's just, it's been demonstrated so conclusively that actually nobody really talks about it. It's just taken for granted. Yeah, it's a good point. But, you know, so, so the anabolic resistance, if we're talking about like general population and again, we're going back to these surveys that are done, looking at how physically active our people, because those numbers are out there, right? We know that generally speaking adults, including young and old adults, about 32% of them engage in resistance training. How much? 32. And both young and old. If you just look at older adults, it's 22% of the population. So, essentially, most older adults, most people are not engaging in resistance training. They're not, they're not doing resistance training, right? And physical activity kind of mirrors a little bit those numbers. But I think the bottom line here is that most people putting in the effort, it's harder for people. Putting in the effort is harder. It's easier for them to just increase putting something in their mouth. That's why pills are so popular, right? I mean, people always kind of gravitate towards the easier thing to do, which is like, I'm going to eat something. I'm going to put something in my mouth. First is like putting in the effort. It's unfortunate, but it's like, it's a reality. And so I think that even just going back to this RDA being too low, it's just so important. It's so important because people are out there thinking they're getting enough protein, older adults younger adults. It's really more important with older adults. You have a little bit of wiggle room when you're younger, right? But I mean, and then on top of that, first of all, it's not enough protein. And then this antibiotic resistance is setting in. And most people are not being active. They're not engaging a resistance training. So there's all these compounding factors that's really just digging into their muscle. It's taking away this like insidious sort of taking away each year, each year. And then the next thing you know, your frail, you have circopenia, you know. Yeah, my patients are obviously indoctrinated into this, but I'm a bit surprised that there aren't more people that talk about this. You do a lot. But the medical system doesn't seem to talk enough about frailty and sarcopenia. And I worry that even when I wrote out live, I didn't do enough of a job emphasizing it. I mean, I certainly talked about it. But when I talked about four horsemen, I talked about cardiovascular and cerebral vascular disease, cancer, neurodegenerative and demanding diseases and metabolic disease. Because of course, those are the things that are the main assault on your lifespan. And relative to those frailty is not as big as as big and assault on lifespan. It is, as you know, the risk of falls are enormous and the mortality is very high once you're north of 75. But relative to those four, it's, you know, I had to pick four horsemen. I didn't want to go with five. But when you think about quality of life, which most people care about at least as much, if not slightly more than length of life, I think frailty just kind of wins the day. I think along with cognitive health and minimizing too much cognitive decline, frailty is the thing that seems to determine the quality of your final decade on this earth. And here we have lots of great tools, both in terms of training and nutrition that can offset that. And yet it is surprising that despite the fact that most people have witnessed it, that's the part that's amazing to me. It's not like the people who are suffering from frailty and sarcopeney are out of sight because there are parents and our grandparents. We've watched it. We've been to the movie over and over and over again. We see how it goes. And yet somehow we either don't think it's going to happen to us or it somehow still seems abstract because it's so many years off. I mean, what would your take on this overall challenge? I mean, well, for one, I think that I completely agree with the frailty risk being as important if not more. And witnessing it with like family members, you know, what I think it is is that it's like this incremental thing, right? Where something happens to like maybe there's a fall or maybe there's just a surgery, a plant surgery, a hipproplacement or a knee replacement. And your parents or your grandparents are inactive for many weeks and they lose a lot of muscle mass, right? So this happens when you're, yeah, if this this is a younger person, it's much easier to gain back that muscle mass, right? It's not the same with an older adult. It's just not the same. Even if you're engaging in resistance training after it's you're not going to get the same amount of muscle mass back as you've lost. And these sorts of events kind of happen like in periods of time, right? Where like there's a plan surgery, and there's a fall, maybe there's another surgery, or maybe there's the co-vader of the flu, whatever it is, they keep hitting, right? And you reach this sort of what's called disability threshold, where all of a sudden your parents like they just can't walk much at all anymore. And it's like all of a sudden it's like when did this happen? Well, the evidence was like mounting over the last five years when they had these points of inactivity that that were occurring. And so I think people kind of just don't follow the timeline, you know, where it's like they see what's leading up to it, and before this sort of catabolic crisis occurs, where then they reach this point now where they've just lost so much muscle mass from these several events that have occurred, where they're just not mobile. And then of course, anabolic resistance is kicking in even more and more and more and everything is just compounding. And I don't think they've like observed the timeline and said, oh, a plus b plus c's getting me to this point, right? And so I think that's kind of what happens, whereas with Alzheimer's disease, I don't know, it's just like this disease that everyone knows about, and it's like, yeah, this one thing causes the problem. Do you know what I mean? Yeah, I think, and again, you know, Luke Van Loone made a really good point when we spoke, which was when we draw the curve for how people lose strength and how people lose muscle mass, we draw it in a curved smooth line, which gives us the incorrect impression that this is a gradual and imperceptible changing physiologic process. But he goes, that's because it's averaging everything. If you zoom in and look at it at the individual level, it looks like this exactly as you described, discrete periods of loss from which there is no recovery because at the later points in life, it becomes very difficult to make those recoveries. All of this, of course, points back to where we're going today, which is when you are young and young is 40, 50, even 60, you have to build up as much physiologic headroom as possible. You have to prepare for the rainy day, because the rainy day is coming. It's not a question of if it's simply a question of when and exactly in what fashion it will be delivered, but you must prepare for this. You must steal yourself for what is coming and you must build up as much muscle mass and strength and cardiovascular fitness as you can muster because the longer you can ride it out, the better you're going to be. The cliff is coming for sure. I mean, it's like your retirement fun, right? You have to, you have to put money in. There's one day you will retire and if you don't put any money in that fund, you're going to be screwed. And so with the muscle mass, you're right. You have to bank as much as you can while you're young and we haven't even talked about optimal. We've just talked about like, like, not going backwards, right? Yeah. We've talked about not going backwards, which is what most people are doing, right? Because this RDA is too low for one. I think that's the big, the big problem. But, but optimal is the whole other story, right? And that's again where it is hard to, it's hard to kind of wrap your head around why there's controversy around this, although coming from the field of aging, I do have somewhat of a, I think there's been a little bit of a nuanced, you know, there's a nuanced approach to looking at how protein affects the way we age and I think some of that data has biased researchers and, you know, people to think that protein is bad. I think some of it's coming from that evidence, which we didn't have about. Yeah. Yep. But, but again, aside from that, it's really hard to understand why someone would be so opposed to increasing protein intake when there's really just no evidence that it's harmful, is at least in healthy adults. Yeah. I mean, I'd like to talk about harm down the line as we get further up the chain, because we've now just, I like the way we're talking about this, where we're going from sort of the point eight up to one point two. And now let's talk about going from one point two to one point six and one point six to two. But as you continue this journey, and you let's say you look at the data of which there are some studies looking at three grams per kilogram per per day. Which I think anybody who looks at the data would argue, you're not really getting a benefit at three grams per day that you aren't getting it two grams per day. You're not like the curve is saturating, you know, you're hitting an asymptote of muscle protein synthesis at that point. So there may be other reasons a person would choose to consume that much protein, satiety, and things of that nature. But from a purely anabolic reason, under normal conditions. So let's leave bodybuilding out of it. You're sort of hit the saturation curve, but can't seem to find the evidence that it's causing any harm. Right. So this is experimental evidence, even epidemiologic evidence, just no evidence. So with that said, let's not get ahead of ourselves. Let's go back to we've established a new floor. Really, there is nobody that should be consuming less than 1.2 grams of protein per kilogram per day. What happens is we start to increase that from 1.2 to 1.6. Great question. And this is again, is where I turned to the experts like Stu Phillips. In fact, he did a really great meta analysis looking at about 49 different studies in adults that were undergoing these are controlled trials resistance training alone or resistance training plus supplemental protein. And the supplemental protein went up to 1.6. We actually went above that. But what was really found in that study was that even going from like 1.2 grams per kilogram bodyweight per day, obviously, to 1.6 grams per kilogram bodyweight, people gained about 27 percent more lean body mass and 10 percent more muscle strength compared to just training alone. Same training, just adding the protein. Right. That's pretty big. I was going to say that is bigger than I would expect, especially on the strength side. It's in the strength side. They're they're getting so the protein itself. But if you think about it in a way, we're talking about supply and demand. Right. So now we're talking about more optimal, a little more optimal. We're talking about people that are training. That's number one. You need to be training. If we're talking about optimal protein intake, you need to be training. And then, you know, what's happening when you're training is you're breaking down muscle. You need protein to support the repair of that muscle and the rebuilding of it. And so that makes sense in a way. Yeah. But yeah, I was surprised by the strength as well. And so really, once you went above 1.6 grams, there were still increases in muscle protein curve. It's slowing down. I like the analogy that's due. Philips uses. He says, like if you have like a wet wash cloth and you squeeze all your squeeze it to get all the water out, you know, like most of that water is coming out at 1.6 grams, particularly on body weight. But you can keep squeezing a little and you're getting, you're still getting some water out. It's just sort of marginal. And it's like most people don't care about that difference. Some people do. Now, let's say you're someone that's obsessed with banking muscle mass. You're going to care about that. Let's say you're a high level athlete definitely going to have to go above 1.6. That's when you get into the more two 2.2 grams, particularly on body weight. So people that are doing a high level of training, whether that's endurance or strength training resistance training, right? Because endurance athletes, I mean, they're there. You were battling Catabolic. So that would be, I think the evidence for more optimal, you're talking about 1.6 grams per kilogram body weight. And then you can, you can get marginal benefits above that, right? Up to like 2.2 grams per kilogram body weight. But again, that's again, people that are really training. Yeah, to me, there's an analogy here with apobian cardiovascular disease, right? So if you look at the, the three bodies of evidence. So if you look at all of the epidemiologic data, if you look at all of the clinical trial data, and if you look at all of the Mendelian randomization data, and you plot every single one of them on a graph. And there's a beautiful graph, which will include in the show notes that does this. So on the x-axis, you, and it's done in LDLC. But again, LDLC apobie is easy to sort of view them together. So you have, on the x-axis, you have LDLC going down, right? So from 160, 140, 120, you know, 180, 60. So descending, LDLC, and on the y-axis, you have mortality. Cardiovascular mortality. So not surprisingly, all of these point down as LDLC goes lower, cardiovascular mortality goes lower. What's interesting, though, is you can see that there are different points in the curve at which it starts to matter more. And at some point, it flattens out. You don't get as much benefit from reduction. And so we could use the same argument of, well, what is optimal? What is, so, so it because we're doing the reverse here. Here, lower is better as opposed to going up on protein. But peer-lipy has done an analysis that has demonstrated that you will continue to see a meaningful reduction in cardiovascular disease as apobie heads towards 30 milligrams per deciliter. 30 milligrams per deciliter is really low by most people's standards. For context, 60 milligrams per deciliter is about the fifth percentile to population level. 30 milligrams per deciliter is about what a child is. So, you know, we're born with relatively low levels of apobie. And as we age, they just keep going up and up and up. Which, of course, is one of the things that's driving cardiovascular disease is this rise in apobie. So the question then becomes, how low do you need to go? Should everybody be walking around at 30 milligrams per deciliter? Is that the solution to eliminating ASCVD? And the answer is is probably not. Right? It probably depends on your previous exposure, though. Right? So, if I have a patient who's already had two stance placed and has a significant burden of disease, you bet your bottom line there at 30 milligrams per deciliter of apobie, even if we have to put three drugs on them to make sure that's the case, because they're burden of disease and their lifetime exposure to apobie has been so high. But if I have an individual who's 40 years old who has perfectly pristine coronary arteries and is walking around with an apobie of 60 milligrams per deciliter, I don't think you need to do a thing. I think they're just fine. And again, it's, it's the inability I think for people to understand that level of nuance and understanding when it's worth the second squeeze versus when just the sloppy squeeze is good enough is is is is is is is is very frustrating for a person like me who craves nuance. Right. Agreed. I love that analogy. And I think it's perfect because again, I do think most people that are training probably are getting a great amount of benefit from 1.6 grams per kilogram of body weight. But that doesn't mean you can't go above that and still get a little more benefit. Right. And certainly when you start to get into that energy deficit phase as well, like so we were talking about elite endurance athletes, that's one way to be in an energy deficit. But there's also people that are actively trying to lose fat, gain muscle. If you want to lose fat and gain muscle at the same time, you're going to have to take in a lot of protein. Yeah. And so that's another very important point. Another point I want to make is you're still dealing with an asymmetric target. And so we tell our patients to be closer to two. Now I know that's just going to get a whole bunch of people on the anti-protein train just losing their mind. I can just see the phosphorylation going off right now as they're watching this clip. How is this guy so irresponsible to tell his patients to eat two grams of protein per kilogram of body weight? Didn't he just hear what Rhonda said 1.6 is good enough for most people? Well, my patients unfortunately don't live in labs. Unfortunately Rhonda, my patients live in this place. It's called the real world. And in the real world, you can't always hit your targets. Some days you do, some days you don't. Some days you're traveling, some days you're not. Some days you can figure it out. Some days you can't. So if I'm telling somebody to hit 1.6 and one day they're at 1.2, another day they're at 1.7, another day they're at 1.5, another day they're at 1.9, on average they might hit 1.6. But how many days were they below versus how many days were they above? Let's just say it's an equal split. But we've just established the shape of this curve is like this. So that means every day you're below the downside is much greater than the upside of being above. In other words, all the days you're above are not making up for all the days you're below. So what I'd really like to do is shift the range so that your low day is 1.6 and your high day is maybe 2.2 and then guess what? You don't have days where you are ever, ever amino acid restricted. And this is the difference between people who take care of people in the real world and bozos who write on substack who don't know the first thing about clinical medicine when it comes to managing athletes and people who have to defend for themselves every day with every meal. And this is why I'm so tired of talking about this, but I feel we need to talk about it. And so if you're sitting there listening to this and you're confused and you're asking, oh my god, should I be eating 2 grams per day? Yeah, more or less. And that way if you fall short at 1.6, you can be confident that you're okay. But if you're aiming at 1.6 and you have a bad day and you will, when you hit 1.2, you might be taking a step backwards and you won't make up for it the next day. I can just tell you from personal experience, it's actually smarter to aim higher because I'm constantly not meeting the one thing. I am not. This is the thing. People look at me like I'm a protein eating machine, which first of all, I'm not, but secondly, I have a hard time hitting my goals too. I'm busy, I miss meals. Sometimes we just have a low protein meal like for whatever reason my kids want to have pasta for dinner and they don't, and we literally have pasta and sauce. It's like there's no freaking protein in this anyway. So it's very difficult if you don't have a chef preparing your every meal and I never have a chef preparing any of my meals unless I'm out at a restaurant to hit these targets every day. Right. And also, I was thinking about this because we mentioned the 1.2 being this sort of the minimum buy-in. The 1.6 grams per kilogram buy isn't necessarily just for people training a little bit. It's also older adults that are not trained. Like because we talked about the animal like resistance, some needing twice as much protein as well. And so what you're talking about here is going up to 2 so that you can really have an average at least of 1.6. Right. You're getting that average. But again, it's just I never want to fall below that. That's really the point is I know because again, I'm training every single day. Right. Now, am I training like a madman? No. But seven days a week, I'm either doing some form of cardio or something in the gym. So it's just I know that I'm going to take steps backwards if I'm below 1.6. So I'm going to over shoot so that my down day is 1.6. Right. And if my up day is 2.5 once in a while, who cares? Because that gets to the next point. Show me the data. Show me the data that eating 2.5 grams of protein per kilogram per day is even remotely harmful. Still waiting for it. I'm still waiting for the data. David Allison wrote a piece on LinkedIn recently where it was basically a call to anyone. Just show me the data that meet these criteria. Human clinical trial of this duration, that are the like nothing but crickets. Yeah. I mean, I haven't seen any human data either for sure. I mean, the most negative data I saw recently was a study that looked at total parental nutrition in ICU patients where the question was, hey, should we be ramming high amounts of protein in these people? And the most negative thing you could say is it had no benefit. And that's interesting. Yeah. Yeah. So maybe we shouldn't be ramming high protein total parental nutrition into the central veins of critically ill ICU patients. But it didn't harm them. Right. And if anybody's going to be harmed, I would think it's the people that are in renal failure. Right. Yeah. Exactly. I haven't seen it either. We haven't spoken specifically about pregnancy or adolescence. What do we know about protein requirements? Because there are clearly women listening to us right now who are pregnant or who will be pregnant. And I don't think there are any adolescents listening to us, but I bet there are parents of adolescents. So what kind of guidance would we want to give you? I mean, it goes up with pregnancy and also adolescents. I mean, so they're formal recommendations. I don't pay an attention. Don't remember the exact, again, it's all about like going a little bit above what's the RDA. And we've already established that's not enough. Right. So I mean, honestly, I think of people listening to this episode just knowing that 0.8 grams per kilogram body weight per day is just not enough at all. So if we are complex, nothing else that's the single most important take on message here. I really think it is because everyone looks at those guidelines, you know? Yeah. It's really funny. The other day I was eating something and I forget how much protein it had in it, but it had like a percent of daily requirement, but it was obviously baked to a very low number. Because I remember my son was looking at it with me and he goes, is that really like, I forgot the number was it that really like 40 percent of your daily protein requirement? It was ever relatively, and I said, no. But I just didn't have the energy to explain the RDA to him. So I was like, no, this is just wrong. You can ignore this. Growing is also an important time for protein, right? Because these amino acids and the essential amino acids are activating IGF1 growth hormone and that's really important for growth. I know there were studies done in like infants and toddlers that were given egg versus like milk versus like some kind of vegan protein and it was like clear that the egg was the winner here. Like giving protein with a more essential amino acids was important for growing taller. And that's always something that I, as a mom, think about, right? I'm always trying to get protein and Mason plus the kids are more active. In a kids are more physically active. They're doing sports and things like that, right, adolescents. So it's really, it's really important to get the protein requirements. I don't I haven't dug into all the nuanced of that data. It's just kind of my the way I look at it is, it's got to be like a 1.2, even though that's in a get doll. It's more like a 1.2 gram per kilogram for an adolescent who's pretty close and body size to an adult generally speaking. They start growing pretty tall. Yeah, I mean, I would think for kids it should be at least the 1.2 to 1.6. Anything, I mean, again, I just look at the activity level of my kids is they make me look sedentary. Right. So, um, okay, anything else we want to say on the topic of protein to help with some of the confusion that is out there. I think we should talk a little bit about some of the misconstrued understanding of mechanisms of action around mTOR, cancer, and stuff like that. I would say the other thing would be the calorie restriction people doing intermittent fasting, people doing anything if they wanted to be body recomposition the gaining of muscle and, you know, lose fat. I think that is a very specific, you know, group of population of people where the high protein intake is critical, right? Because if you're in a caloric deficit, you really are battling your body pulling from your muscle reserve. If you're resistance training that helps somewhat, but you're certainly not going to gain muscle. And we just talked about wanting to bank as much muscle as possible as we're younger while we can, right? Because we need that reserve because we're going to start pulling from it eventually. And so I think that that's where you start to get really high numbers, 2.2, even higher. I mean, you've confined study, the studies out there. It's like three grams per kilogram per body weight. Going above the 1.6 in this scenario seems to be key as well. You're getting up to that 2.2 grams per kilogram body weight per day because it does give you a little bit more edge over gaining muscle, muscle protein synthesis in combination with resistance training as well as it's like you mentioned. It's, you know, satiating, it's a little bit thermogenic. I don't know that that's the big, the big mechanism here. But I think the big mechanism here is just that like you're, you're really wanting to prevent this metabolism, right? So I think that's just another important point. Because there are a lot of people that do intermittent fasting, time-scripted eating, you know, they're trying to do body recomb, gain muscle, lose that. I think a lot of people are interested in that. There was one period in my life. Over the course of a year, I made a very dedicated goal to lose body weight and gain muscle. So I wanted to see like, could this be done? And it did require quite a bit of intermittent fasting or time-scripted eating. I suppose to be more accurate. But the amount of attention I had to pay to protein intake was pretty incredible. And what I did that seems counterintuitive, because I wasn't intermittent fasting because I believed that a fasted state was producing some benefit. So, you know, there's some people who think that, well, if I don't eat breakfast, I'm kicking off some atophagee or something. No, no, it wasn't. It was purely a caloric restriction play. So my fasting window did not prevent consuming liquid protein. In other words, if I wasn't eating breakfast or lunch, which I wasn't, I was only having a meal a day, which was dinner, that I would still consume protein shakes outside of those windows. Otherwise, I could never hit the protein target. So I was in a caloric deficit, but in a amino acid excess. And again, you can actually do that with liquid protein pretty easily, because basically all you're getting is, you know, you're getting relatively few calories, because you're just consuming way protein. Did you have any like GI, like problems you're consuming so many shakes? No, really? I get. No, but I did a lot of experimentation, right? So ultimately, I set a lot of brand. I'm blanking on the name of it now. I have no affiliation with these guys, and I'm blanking on their name. A scent? Maybe? Does that ring about? Yeah, I really like them. I got out. I'll give them a shout out because one, it was the only protein I found I could mix directly in water and not have it be lumpy. I didn't even need a blender. This was a sound silly, but the hassle of me having to like wash a blender twice a day was sometimes an impediment to not making a shake. So just be able to put the scoop or two scoops, I would usually put into a glass with water and mix it with a fork and actually drink it and have it be totally fine and not, you know, lumpy. I don't know how they do this, but it was amazing. It actually tasted fine. I don't like sweet drinks that much, but it was not too sweet. And absolutely no GI issues at all. Whereas sometimes the pure egg proteins, I didn't like the feeling on my gut. So for whatever reason that worked for me, but to your point, it is it's another level of challenge if you're trying to recomp in that way. Right, or people on GLP1, right? We're stepping out of this. Right? I mean, like, and I don't know how how difficult it is to eat a meal versus like take a protein shake. So I know you're like, you don't have a real, you're associated pretty much all the time. You don't have a real appetite, but also digestion is slow. So if you're like consuming more protein, like I don't know how that all affects. We've seen in our patients. So again, I would say, I get asked this all the time. I would say 15 to 20% of our patients are on triseptotide. And unlike five years ago, when we started using some of GLU-tied in patients, and we're just watching muscle fall off these people. And frankly, my point of view five years ago was, I don't know about these drugs. I think, you know, I think there's some benefit in some people, but I think there's a lot of downside. I today think that virtually anybody can use these drugs safely, but and by safely, I don't just mean in the obvious sense of the word. I mean, safely for long term muscle health as well, right? But it requires a ton of deliberate attention. So I'm glad you brought it up. That's this is exactly the group of people who you want to be using easy to digest protein sources. And if you're on triseptotide, you don't really want to stake. You don't really want to have a big chicken breast. You might not want to even have an omelet. But if we have to make sure you're hitting that 1.6, you might be doing a bunch of liquid shakes. And yeah, we can sit here and poop who processed food and say, how disgusting is it that people have to resort to eating shakes? Okay, fine. But if the alternative is they're not getting enough protein and they're on a drug that is making them anorexic, I mean, we know we also know the downside of that. Well, the answer is clear, right? You don't want to be losing muscle mass for sure. My point is, you know, we do dexib before and after, we're not seeing the type of muscle loss we saw with our v1 approach to this. Right. What kind of dose are they on like a higher dose? No, I mean, I think for look for, you know, triseptotide starts at 2.5. Some people are getting enough benefit there. I mean, the other thing that I think our approach has been is that slow and steady wins the race. Right. So we've seen anecdotally, some data. I've seen, I've heard from, from others and we've seen it as well that yo-yoing on and off these drugs is probably a bad idea. So I always tell a patient, look, I'd probably rather you were on 2.5 milligrams until there was a new drug that we thought was even better, then you're on 10 milligrams. You lose a ton of weight. You come off. You gain. You go back on. You lose like this, the idea of being on a saw is probably a bad idea. I think the data suggest you're getting most of the value by about 10 milligrams. So once you go to 12.5 and 15, which are the two highest doses, you're still getting a benefit. But it's, you know, it's like most drugs. You're getting most of the benefit at the lowest dose. So five to seven point five milligrams of triseptotide is probably where you're getting the majority of the dose. And again, I, I'd much rather a patient be sort of slow and steady on it and as opposed to try to go for maximum and rapid weight loss. What do you think about some of that data on like heart issues or bone loss? Do you think, it is that concern you at all? Sure. I think it all does. I mean, I think all of the stuff has to be paid attention to. And I think the question again comes back to how much of that is occurring due to, due to training, right? How much of that is happening due to the loss of amino acid intake and the loss of training? Well, the neuropsychiatric, I mean, like that's another one on the eyes. What I'm interested in is, you know, we have these GLP when receptors like so many different tissues. So what, systemically, like, how is it beneficial? Was it not beneficial? Like, I don't know that we really know. We have data where there's obviously positive effects. You see, like, reduced Alzheimer's disease incidents with people taking this GLP one receptor agonist. But is that how much is that due to weight loss, right? Yeah, we've looked into this a lot because I do remain, you know, it's funny. We did a podcast on this somewhat recently where I went through this particular question, which is will GLP one receptor agonist ultimately prove to be geo-protective? And I defined, I came up with a very obscure way to define that, which is independent of weight loss, right? Because obviously, at the macro level, they're going to be geo-protective because if you apply them to people with type 2 diabetes and significant obesity and you correct the metabolic dysfunction, you're going to live longer. So by that regard, it's a geo-protective agent. But the real question is, if you take a person who is of normal weight, who does not have type 2 diabetes, but maybe has a higher risk for Alzheimer's disease and you microdose them. So you're giving them 2.5 milligrams per day, which, by the way, we are doing in some patients for metabolic, for obscure metabolic condition without obesity, right? So we have patients who have, um, who have diabetes, but are already at very low body weight. We have two patients actually in our practice, in this regard. And after lots of detailed back and forth, machination with Ralph DeFranza, who's a previous guest on the podcast, you know, we sort of realized that at least one component of the drug regimen for these patients was going to be a GLP one agonist. Now, it seemed very counterintuitive to give Trezzepatide to people who have a BMI of 23. But we've been able to do it without them losing weight. So again, very careful strategies around nutrition and the effect on their diabetes is profound. So they're looking more metabolically healthy. Oh my god, totally. I mean, these are really interesting cases that, you know, maybe at some point, obviously, a D identified away, it would be interesting to talk about, where, you know, you have OGTTs that are unrecognizable. You simply cannot believe the degree of metabolic dysfunction in a person who otherwise looks the way they look. And in one case, in particular, it was so confusing that even after all the genetic testing we did, like we simply couldn't figure out an answer for this. We couldn't understand where the beta cell fatigue was coming from absent a formal diagnosis of type one diabetes. And within three months of being on 2.5 milligrams of Trezzepatide, this individuals, OGTT had almost normalized and I suspect by about six months it will. That's fascinating. And we've managed to do this without any weight loss. So this to me is the interesting question, right, which is when you look at some of the Alzheimer's biomarkers, which are improving, improving significantly, it begs the question, should this be part of the playbook for an individual who's at high risk? Especially given that we now, I think really understand how to make sure people don't lose weight and don't lose lean mass and therefore, I suspect, don't lose bone density and all these other things that matter. Or like you said, you know, if you're doing this microdose, like maybe you're not going to be as issued. Like you're just still have somewhat of an appetite because you're on such a low dose. Maybe you're going to have a little bit of an effect. We've also seen some other weird things anecdotally. Patients have told us that when they inject in the abdomen, so when you inject in the fat, in the subcufat of the abdomen, the anti, basically the anorexic effects are greater than if you inject in the leg or butt. And we looked into this and there was some, some mechanistic data to suggest that maybe you're getting more vagal tone when you inject in the abdomen. Again, I just don't know if any of these things are correct, they would need to be studied. But again, that would be a very important piece of data, right? If there's a way that if there's a location you can inject this, where you minimize the anorexic effect of the drug. Again, for some people, that would be a feature, right above. For some people that would be a bug as opposed to a feature. So you have to understand how to, how to, how to use the tool. Yeah. Um, and this just reminded me of something that we should have pointed out. Like talking about the protein requirements, grams, per kilogram bodyweight. I do think it's important like because we're talking about, we were just talking about obese people. Yes, is that why do you brought this up? And yeah, exactly. Where it's like, you know, most people aren't going to do a dexist key on to see what their lean body mass is. But like, ultimately, I think, you know, and I've talked to a variety of experts, Brad Schoenfields, two Phillips, they agree that really, if you're someone that's overweight or obese, you shouldn't be calculating it based on your actual weight because you're protein required. It's more like your target weight, right? Or that would be, I mean, if you empirically could measure your lean body mass, that would be better. But yeah, I just wanted to point that out. Yep. And I'm glad you did. So that's right. For most people, probably not much of an issue. But if you're, if you're at 300 pounds right now, and your ideal bodyweight is 220. Um, and again, I don't, you don't need a dexist to figure that out. A dexic can help. But most people who are 300 pounds remember, you know, gosh, you know, at the end of high school, I was 220. That was my good weight. Or maybe, you know, at the end of high school, I was 200 pounds, which is I'll probably never get back into those jeans again. But, you know, by the end of my freshman year of college, I was 220. That was kind of a good weight for me. And then it's just kind of gone downhill from there. You know, I had this orthopedic. There's the story of how you've got to be 300 pounds. Yeah. Most people can figure out 220 is probably my goal. And that's what I should be targeting. Yeah. Um, but yeah. So should we get back into like, yeah. So it's a great point, right? Which is, how do we reconcile the following? So caloric restriction as an intervention, as a geopolitic intervention is the oldest one in the book. I'm not really aware of an intervention where a non-genetic intervention that has from from a longer standing perspective produced a more consistent outcome in terms of laboratory animals, where you restrict the mercaliaries, and they're going to live longer. So again, to my knowledge, there are only two interventions that have extended life across all four models of organisms from yeast, worms, flies, and mammals, rooms. And that is caloric restriction and rapomison. And they have something in common, which is they both result in the downregulation of M. Tour. Right. So we also know that in Amino acid, you just mentioned a moment ago called Lucine is the single most important of all the Amino acids at turning up M. Tour. So how can we reconcile the idea that protein seems to be good for you, but M. Tour going down seems to be good for you, at least in another way. Well, for one, I'm being very fesic. I know. I know. I know. I know the answer to this question. And it's like, oh gosh, where do we start? I mean, you know, because let's ignore the worm and the fly and all that because we care. I mean, even the rodents is like, or we're getting to, like, it's a stretch, right? But obviously, you know what else turns on M. Tour, exercise. This is a collectivity of mechanical force, turns it on in our muscle. And we know exercises like one of the best things that we can do for our health. I think here, I think, simplicity, the best way to think about this is that you want M. Tour active in your skeletal muscle. You want it active in your skeletal muscle. You don't necessarily always want it active systemically, but if you are exercising, if you're moving around and you're taking your protein, it's going your muscle. Actually, we know that for a fact. I just, I talked about antibiotic resistance and how exercise can counter that while it's increasing the loosening transporter, the expression of loosening transporter. It's causing loosening and other branch chain amino acids to go up into skeletal muscle. Multiple human studies have shown this. These are, you know, tracer studies, beautiful data, no argument. Exercise causes loosening and other branch chain amino acids to be taken up into skeletal muscle, where you want it to be, so that it activates M. Tour increases muscle protein synthesis. When it comes to deactivating M. Tour, whether that's through protein restriction or rapomias, that would be like an hours long podcast talking about all the nuanced data there because there's all sorts of differences with the different genus. Sex differences in the rodents, everything, you're aware of all this data. My biggest thing here with the protein restriction, we'll talk about one. I did spend six years in grad school working with mice. I did a lot of animal studies. Okay, these mice are in a small cage. They are not physically active. They're not running around. They're, I mean, they move a little bit, but they're ultimately not under threat. They're not under threat. They're being fed, they're adlhythm. They're just being fed up, you know, as much protein as they want, but perfectly thermoregulated. Totally, no, they're not being exposed to influenza or COVID or whatever viruses, anything that's going to take them out for period of a couple of weeks. They're in a sterile environment. And so, they're happy. They're happy, and that's it, right? People are not mice, right? We talked about earlier as we get older, we're being exposed to infectious diseases. Things are going to make us immobile for a period of weeks. And that is devastating to us, especially when you add them up. And they happen this year. And then the next year it happens again. And then you're just losing that muscle mass, right? And then you reach that disability threshold. You talked about Luke Van Loone, talking about those curves. It's very clear. I mean, you can see the data where there's a disability threshold. You get enough of these like catabolic crisis events, right? Where you're just immobile first or in period of time because you've had a surgery or you've had the flu or whatever, kept you inactive. That doesn't happen to these mice, right? So protein is much more important to humans because we, of course, need that muscle mass. And we need to bank it early. We've established that. And I think that's a really important difference here is that, you know, we can't just look at the data in mice and go, oh, you can restrict them from protein and they live longer and they're fine. Well, they're not going through these catabolic crises. They're not going through these you know, points of, you know, not moving for a period of time for like, you know, losing all this muscle mass, then that happening and they reach this disability threshold. And then, you know, it's very different. So I think that's first and foremost important to point out. The second thing is that if we're talking about protein intake, I think that you and I agree, the optimal scenario here isn't a sedentary person just sitting there eating as much protein as they want. No, they need to be moving physically active. Like, that's the whole point. You're supporting your physical activity by increasing your protein intake. And so in that scenario, again, the amino acids that are activating M2 are going to skeletal muscle. Like, that's been shown. Lucine is going into skeletal muscle. So who cares if you're intakeing and more? Yeah. In fact, I think that's such an important point, Rhonda, that I would even go one step further, which is if you told me come up with the optimal nutrition strategy for the individual who is active and then come up with the optimal nutrition strategy for a person who is going to be sedentary, they would be very different. I'm going to try to talk that sedentary person into not being sedentary, but if at the end of the day, I can't. If that individual says, I just, I don't want to do anything. I just want to sit in front of my computer. You know what? It probably makes sense to be a little bit caloric or stricted. Right. Because at least I want to make sure I can't solve your metabolic challenge through activity, but what if I could at least solve it through nutrition restriction? And again, I think it's the inability of people to understand that those are very different states. Right. You can't not treat those two people the same way. Right. And it's really, it's, there's even, there was a study by, um, falter long ago of all people. Like years ago, came out as a large cohort study looking at dietary protein intake from vegetable versus meat sources, right? And we all know that meat sources have higher levels of essential amino acids like lucine. And all cause mortality was looked at and, you know, the same, you know, statement that you've heard millions of times from other studies about, okay, if you, you know, vegans have a lower all cause mortality than meat eaters. Well, turns out when you actually start to analyze like the data and and correct for a lot of confounding factors, meat eaters that were that were physically active, not obese or overweight, didn't smoke, didn't drink excessive alcohol. So in other words, they didn't have all these unhealthy lifestyle factors. They had the same mortality rate as the, you know, vegans. So I think that also is a good, is a good point here where it's like, okay, if you're going to be a sedentary person that's smoking and if you have unhealthy lifestyle factors, you know, maybe you don't need to be so obsessed. You definitely want to make sure you're at least getting the minimal amount of protein because you don't want to be in the deficit. But, you know, you don't want to necessarily just be constantly activating M2R if you're just going to sit around and smoke and be overweight and not do anything with that protein, right? Yeah. And the other thing I think that is, is missing from this discussion is, and this is where I think inflammation serves as a great analogy, right? So I think most people on the surface understand that a constant on state of the inflammatory system would be bad. But of course, if you had no inflammatory response, that would be also bad. So the ideal state is inflammation when you need it, otherwise, off. Inflammation when you need it, otherwise, off. And I think that's probably the right way to think about this, right? Which is we want M2R on when it has a job to do and we want it relatively silent when we don't. And I think if Rapamysin is zero protective, and, um, when I say if I mean in humans, I think it's unambiguously protective across most species, but we still don't know if the species of interest is is going to benefit from this drug, and we may never, by the way, but it's probably working by tamping down the chronic inflammatory component of what we see with M2R activation, which by the way, might actually involve inflammation as well as one of the many things. So that there's also this challenge of trying to, to get folks to understand the difference between chronic and acute things. Again, cortisol, right? Great example, right? So cortisol, vital hormone, pulse, you know, the appropriate rhythm of cortisol is essential for life. If you took that away, you would actually be dead. That's called Addison's disease, but cortisol constantly being on would also be a problem, right? That would be cushionous disease. So both extremes, bad, it's, do you, do you know when you need it, and what it's supposed to do? And I think the same is true with M2R. I'd also like to see data comparing, like even, even if it's animal data, comparing like giving, giving rap and myisin or inhibiting, you know, somewhat inhibiting M2R versus like physical activity, like in these, like making them run on a treadmill, like being physically active, because if you look at like a lot of the protective effects of rap and myisin, I'm like, this is what exercise does. And actually, it does it better. So I'm just not convinced that someone who is, who's already bought in to like how important exercise is, both cardiovascular and weight training. Well, Eric Verdun made a very interesting podcast, a very interesting comment on my podcast a while ago. And so Eric is in the camp that he does not believe rap will be your protective in humans. And he talked about the longevity quotient. So for listeners, the longevity quotient is a plot, a very famous plot that on the x-axis puts body size and on the y-axis puts life span. And you just plot all the organisms on this thing. And as a general rule, it rises up into the right. The larger an animal is the longer it lives. And it's a pretty straight line. In fact, we should find a good example of it and link to it in the show notes. But there are always animals that punch above and below their weight. So there are animals that fall off that line either too high. So these are animals that live much longer than you would expect based on their body size. And there are animals that punch well below their body weight. They live much shorter than they should based on their body weight. Well, turns out two interesting examples are mice and humans. mice live on average two years. I forget the exact number. They should be living close to four or five years, I think, based on the longevity quotient line. So they are punching well below their weight. And humans, we live 80 years. We should probably be 40 according to the data. By the way, we did live 40 years until modern medicine came along. So maybe we were totally on the curve correctly until medicine 2.0 came around at the turn of the last century. And basically over five generations doubled our lifespan. Eric argues, and I think this is a very interesting argument. Rapa mice and disproportionately works well in animals that are below the longevity quotient. So that's why it works so reproducibly in mice. But he argues, it might not have any effect in humans because we're already we've already captured so much of our genetic potential in terms of lifespan. Now, the idea that Rapa would give us an extra 15% of life, he feels is just kind of hard to imagine. And again, because a theoretical argument, it's super interesting. But I'd never heard it in relation to the longevity quotient before. And I thought it was very much worth pondering. Yeah. Well, that's interesting. I've also seen data with Rapa mice and given to people that were undergoing resistance training. And it like blunted obviously some of the muscle proteins synthesis as would be expected. I don't remember the dose of M. Torre. It wasn't like I'm sorry. I wrap a mess and it wasn't super super high. But to me that was like enough to be like, well, I mean. Yeah. And then the question of course is, is there a way around that, right? Is there a way where you could intermittently dose it? You just take it once. You time it so that it's not in proximity to about a resistance training by a couple of days or something like that. But yeah, there's a lot there. There's a great expression I heard recently, which is mice usually lie. Monkeys sometimes lie. It's humans we care about. It's just fantastic, right? Well, to get back to the M. Torre story, I think that's like that that recent study. I don't know, it was in the last couple of years that came out. It was the animal study where they gave mice 25 grams of protein. And you know, M. Torre was activated in macrophages and it was like this whole story was pieced together about 25 grams of protein. Sorry, maybe it was the equivalent. Yeah. The equivalent. Yeah. Yeah. Wow. That's the that. The way they're eating their body weight in human equivalent. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But it was essentially like arguing that atherosclerosis was being caused by protein. And I'm like, you kidding me? Like, well, for one, we know atherosclerosis, like the bigger story there, right, is not protein. But again, it comes down to this whole activating M. Torre in like systemic circulation versus the loosing going to the muscle because you're physically active. And keep in mind, like those transporters, like the loosing transporters, they're pretty sensitive for quite a while. I mean, you're talking about at least 24 hours, right? Maybe even longer. But definitely 24 hours. I think that I think the mice, atherosclerosis studies are very dangerous. It's it's it's we have to be very careful. They have a very different life of protein system than we do. They evolved in a totally different manner than we did. They're amount the amount of protein. They require is totally different from us. So I'm always I'm always really wary when I see these studies that are using the mouse model of atherosclerosis. I think I understand why we do it because it's much easier and cheaper than looking at that primates. And obviously, you know, we can't do these studies in humans. But you can find a lot of things in mice when it comes to atherosclerosis that don't seem to matter whatsoever in human biology. I would chalk this up to one of those examples. So then there you have it. I mean, that's like a lot of the controversy around protein being bad for you and activating M. Torre is coming from that study. And then there's countless studies on cancer increasing with IGF1 and M. Torre. And again, same deal where, you know, IGF1 exercise is causing IGF1 to go into brain, to go into muscle. So people also don't appreciate how short the half life of IGF1 is. Like it's a staggeringly short half life molecule. Oh, really? Oh, yeah, it's insanely short half life. When administered systemically, it's on the order of minutes. Okay. Yeah. And by the way, administering IGF systemically is allows you way to get it to the muscle. Right? Like it's, you want to think of it almost as a paracron thing, right? Where it has to be delivered into the muscle. So yeah, I look all roads for me, still point back to this idea that, and I know you would agree with me. So it's not going to be that controversial. But exercise is the most important drug. I just don't, I'm just not aware of a drug in quotes that is that is better than exercise. And I know there's this enormous effort to figure out a way to put exercise into a pill. I just can't imagine it'll ever happen. It might be, there might be several pills that come out of it, right? We might figure out a way to make cloth though. We might figure out a way to make BDNF. We might figure out a way to deliver IGF directly to muscles. Like there might be a whole bunch of little things. There's like 500 molecules. Yeah, this is, this is, this is, the member, remember, I don't know if you remember this. I'm dating myself. But I don't know if you remember Irisin? Yeah. Yeah. I mean, there are no shortage of these things. Right. And there's so many things going on for sure that has been official with exercise. And just kind of bring it back to the protein, you know, I think that they go hand in hand. Like we're talking about being optimal, increasing our health span, increasing our lifespan, having a good quality of life, then you're talking about having a higher protein intake to support your physical activity, period. And athletes, there's some of the longest live individuals on the planet. And we talked about this in our last podcast. I mean, Olympic athletes live on average five years longer than the gen population. Same goes with a lot of these athletes playing these indoor team sports. And there are several studies out there looking at elite athletes, including people in the NBA, major league baseball, you know, a lot of these big professional sports leagues. They're taking in, and at least, you know, two grams per kilogram of protein per day. So clearly, protein isn't killing them. In fact, they're living longer than the degenerate population. So again, it comes down to that supporting, like exercise, exercise is the king, right? Exercise is like the most important thing. But you need and protein to support that physical activity. And so I don't understand why anyone's arguing about that. Like, what's the argument? Yeah, I'm, I'm despite all the, despite all the flack I'm taking, I'm going to just defend this one and continue. And by the way, if new data emerge, I'm always happy to change my mind. I've changed my mind about so many things. It is absurd. The number of things have changed my mind on. I've changed my mind on GLP ones. I've changed my mind on sonas. I mean, I can count the list of things I've changed my mind on over the past 10 years. And if there are data that will make me change my mind, I will stand up here with a straight face. And I will eat crow. And I will tell you that I've changed my mind. But I'm going to stand by my recommendation. Two grams per kilogram per day. And my rationale, again, I explained that earlier in the podcast, but just to restate it, if you aim for two on the day you fall short, you'll still be at 1.6. If you aim for 1.6 on the day you fall short, you'll be 1.2. And that 1.2 won't be made up for on the next day. Because the downside is asymmetric compared to the upside. So that's our recommendation clinically. And that's how we work with real people in the real world, not on our sub-stack pages to try to help them with a longer life. Yeah. Is there anything else with the protein? No, let's never talk about this again, pending new data that fundamentally changed the way we think about it. All right, I want to pivot to another topic, which you may be single-handedly more responsible for the buzz on this topic than anybody else I can think of. And that is creatine. So should we start with, well, first of all, just tell me, what got you interested in this topic, right? So this is when, like, you're not the typical demographic, no offense intended by that. But like, when I was in high school, right, and I'm probably 15 years older than you, like we as young boys in high school in the 80s were mainline and creatine, like it was our day job. But here's the thing, I don't remember why, right? Like I, it must have been your friends were doing it. Well, no, no, no, but it must have come from bodybuilding magazines. Like I don't know what the, I don't know where we got the information. Because like, I was thinking about this the other day because I knew we were going to talk about this. And I was like, okay, there was no internet, like, like, what was our source of truth? It was muscle and fitness. So there must have been something in muscle and fitness that told us this. And then, you know what I realized we did, we would hang out at supplement stores. Like we'd literally go in and the supplement stores always had some big bro in baggy pants that paper down to his feet and he was barely wearing a shirt and he was yoked and he was explaining to us. And we were like, at the altar of this guy and he was telling us there's creatine monohydrate and then there's like creatine phosphate. And at the time, everyone said creatine phosphate is better. And you have to load 30 grams a day for two weeks. Then you go into your maintenance phase at five grams a day. And then you repeat the cycle every eight weeks or whatever it was. And we were like buying this stuff by the truck load. And this is like almost, I don't know what 40 years ago, right? Or, you know, 30, 30, yeah, easily 35, 40 years ago. Okay. Fast forward. I don't know a few years ago, we're paying attention to creatine again. Well, you just made a really important point. And I'll talk about my journey in a minute. And that is it's one of the most well-studied sports related supplements ever, right? And then there's just decades and decades of research out there on creatine a lot of it has to do with muscle. We'll talk about, you know, the brain, which is sort of my my interest. But I mean, it's, it's one of the tried and true. I mean, it's safe. I don't know that there's any other sports supplement out there that's safe as creatine. I don't think there is. So that's an important point, right? My journey with it began with my obsession with increasing my resistance training after like your performance or your hypertrophy or your recovery, what specific? And everything that we talked about in the first half of this episode, where I realized that I was so focused on endurance training for long-term health, for brain health, that I sort of neglected my muscle mass and thinking about how important muscle mass was for long-term health. And you've been, you've chronicled this pretty well on your social media. You've got videos if you're deadlift doing like your mullion bracing, yes. So this is, so, you know, after, after having a couple of experts on ingest, when I have an expert on, I read the literature voraciously. Like, I just dive in and I want to be in it, right? And it's part of the fun. I love it, right? Like, this is like, I get to learn all this new material that I'm interested in. And so, I finally realized that I wasn't doing enough training resistance training. And so I got a trip, I have a personal trainer now. I'm doing resistance type training. I do like a cross-fit type training for at least three hours a week. I'm doing now. It started out. I was doing like 30 minutes a week. So I've gone from 30 minutes to like three hours a week, big difference, right? And that's when I became really interested in creatine, or I was like, okay, I know this one supplement is obviously like shown to benefit people that are working out. I didn't know why everything until like gotten to the literature, but that's kind of what got my interest into creatine. So I started supplementing with, well, let's talk about creatine, right? So creatine, most people know, creatine is stored in our skeletal muscle as creatine phosphate. And it's essentially used to rapidly recycle ATP, a denocene triphosphate. This is the major energy currency in our cells. And so creatine phosphate is able to help rapidly recycle that so you can make energy quicker. Very relevant for a lot of scenarios, including high-intensity, able training resistance training, even endurance training, because it increases, I'm sorry, it decreases recovery time, because you're recycling that ATP. So it's really relevant for a lot of scenarios. And we do make creatine and dodginessly, that's another thing where it's like, okay, this is a molecule that we make in our body. It's not like a dangerous thing that I'm really scared of. We make about 1 to 2 grams in our liver. Our liver's make about 1 to 2 grams a day. And then we can take in another, depending on how much meat meat is the major source of dietary source of creatine, right? So vegetarians, 100% rely only on their 1 to 2 grams a day. And they're probably the population that benefits the most with supplementing with creatine. And there's just countless studies out there showing this because they're just not getting anything from their diet, essentially. And there's like, it's negligible, whatever is in plants. Does a type of meat matter does fish versus beef versus chicken, I would imagine there are different foods. Yeah, there are. There are differences. Like beef would be the most. Most. Yeah. Yeah. And it's probably why people on a carnivore diet, they just get so like jacked. Right? They're getting the creatine, they're getting the protein and they're working now. And it's like this combination, right? They're just getting so much. Do you have a sense of, if you're reading, if you need a 12 ounce steak, how many grams of creatine would you get in there? I people can figure that out with, you know, Google, I don't, I know, generally speaking, that like on average, people are getting in their diet, like probably like 1 to 2 grams. Additional. Yeah. So you got your endogenous plus. Yes. Yeah. And then you can supplement on top of that, right? And this is where I would say, for many, many, many decades, the literature was all about the effects on exercise performance, right? Because the muscle is a big consumer of energy, especially if you're working the muscle. And so I'm totally just summarizing this, like, you know, I'm not going into every single detail. But generally speaking, five grams a day of creatine is enough to saturate your muscle tissue. It takes about a month, maybe three weeks, to actually fully saturate it. If you're doing five grams a day, which is where the load of the pump. And the bros that we're telling me to take 30 when I was right 13. That's coming up. That might have been overkill. Yeah. Well, no, it's coming from the fact that in these studies that have been done, because people haven't been taking the five grams a day for like three weeks. And they're doing the short term, you know, weeks long study. They want to, like, quickly get their muscle saturated. And that's why they do that loading phase. And so most people don't have to do that. The problem, unless you're like doing some competition and you like need, you need, you need it like right then and there. But like generally speaking, it's just not necessary. And you really just increase the risk of like GI distress. And I think today is just take five every day. And then you should be all right. Well, that was my thinking, like up until a few months ago. And I was, I was taking for the last year and a half. I was taking about five grams a day. And that, you know, the evidence there is that the, the creatine is essentially improving your exercise performance in that it's, you can do one to two more reps or, you know, you're essentially the volume of training goes up because you're recycling that energy quicker. You're able to do more. And that is why you then get gains in muscle mass and strength. It's not like the creatine itself is acting like protein, right? It's not increasing muscle protein synthesis if you're just a couch potato. You have to do the work. You have to do the work. Right. And the reason that you do increase the muscle mass and strength is because you're able to do more work. Right. And so that was, and it's pretty obvious, like anyone that for me with my CrossFit, it really is useful because there's a lot of explosive like training, a lot of hit. So for me, and it was pretty obvious that it was having an effect. And of course, there's probably a mixture of placebo in there as well. I'll definitely admit that. But then, you know, I started getting interested in some of these brain cities. As you know, I'm very interested in brain health, energy genocides, risk, anything that can improve cotton defunction in a safe way, like any kind of safe, new tropic. And that's where I really started to get interested. And this is built up over years where I was getting interested in the brain effects, even though I hadn't been supplementing with it. I had been sort of just keeping an eye on the literature. And finally, when I started using it, I got pushed over. I'm like, okay, I'm all in. I want to get into this. And so you felt like you got all in because you actually felt a difference or you were like, well, look, I'm already taking it for these muscle purposes. Let me really now go deeper on the cognitive science. Yes, I was already like this is clearly improving my, first of all, the literature was clear with the muscle. There's a lot of literature. You can't deny it. You just can't, like whatever one off said it without. Yeah, it is a little odd. There aren't that many things that show up where the consistency of the studies is always in the same direction and really what you're basically looking at is the magnitude or the effect size. But you're always on the same side of the tornado plot. Exactly. Right. And when we're talking about 40 years or whatever of research, this is a lot of data. With the brain, so for one, your brain does make a little bit of creatine as well. Something, I don't remember. I think it's somewhere between one to three grams a day. But the data on the effects of supplemental creatine on the brain isn't dating back as far. And so you do have to kind of take the data with someone of a grain of salt because there's a lot of small studies and they're not like, you know, I wouldn't, you can't hang your hat on. I mean, like, this is the end all be all. However, I feel like as more data is going to come out, I'm pretty certain that it's been talked about some of the measurements because I think one of the advantages of studying the effects of creatine on physical performance is we have really good objective measurements that you can demonstrate in a short period of time. You could do a 12 week study and in just 12 weeks, you could objectively unambiguously determine if there was hypertrophy and if there was an increase in performance. Right. How do we do that on the cognitive side? Right. What are the data that you've been looking at that have given you an increasing level of confidence? Okay. Well, first, let's talk about dose because that's important. And I think that that was where initially when researchers were looking into like the effects of creatine on the brain, the five grams a day didn't seem to be doing anything in terms of like getting creatine into the brain. And so the question is crossing the blood brain barrier that's established? It is. However, the muscles are greedy as hell. Yeah. Lovely, greedy muscles. Yeah. The greedy muscles. And so there when you're taking in up to about five grams of of creatine, they're they're consuming it. They're they're taking their share. Especially if you're training. If you're training, it's like, yeah, exactly. But even if you're not training, it's still going to muscle. But yes, especially if you're training. And so it was a there was a German study that that was published a few years back that did dose, a dose dependent effect and looked at creatine levels in certain brain regions. And that study, the naive question, are they using an isotope or they label in the creatine? I believe they were using an ion. They're not using like CSF levels or anything. I believe it was an isotope. Okay. And but don't hold me to it because, you know, I don't remember exactly. I'm more creating. I know. But the 10 grams was where creatine was now. Was not rate limited. It was exactly now. You were increasing levels of creatine in the brain pretty sure it was um, radial isotope labeled. So essentially 10 grams. Yeah, you have to double that. And that's where, you know, I was like, okay, and so it just to be clear, I keep them sort of interrupt you. Does that mean that you're going to get mixed results if you look at the cognition literature because you're going to have some studies that were underdosed. And if if you have a study that was done at five and it shows no effect, you're going to come to the wrong conclusion potentially. Be in go. Just like with any supplement and or drug right, dose, dose matters. So yes, that is, that is the case. But also it's important to point out. Just like with muscle, you have to be stressing your muscle for creatine to work. Right. You're, you're basically putting in the work and you're able to put in more work. Right. And that's why you can increase muscle mass and you can increase strength. With the brain, it works in the background of stress. And what I mean by stress is sleep deprivation, psychological stress like you have an exam, marital, I mean whatever psychological stress, emotional stress, sleep deprivation is a big one, neurodegenerative disease or anything that's compromising brain function. Right. That's where creatine really shines in terms of cognitive function and we're going to measure them. But I think that's important to point out and you might, this is my argument. I feel like I'm constantly under stress. I think most people are constantly under stress. First of all, anybody listening, if you're not under stress, I'd like to hear from you. I want to know what you're doing. Same. Same. But yeah. So I mean like even just like diving into the scientific literature, like what we do every day, learning, that is the stress, right? That's very, it's the brain consumes a lot of energy as well. Right. It's 20% of our total caloric intake goes to an organ that weighs less than 2% of your body weight. It is the most insane statistic of the human body. Totally, which is why it makes sense that giving your brain extra creatine, which can recycle that energy quicker, would help particularly in the background of when you're using more of that energy. Right. If energy is being triaged to whatever stress in the hormones and whatever, whatever is going on, fill in the blank. The studies that typically are looking at the effects of creatine on cognitive function are looking at like processing speed. They're looking at a battery of tests that are typical of any fill in the blank supplement or treatment that is either going to improve cognitive function, memory being another one. Right. Processing speeds of big one too. I would say that that creatine's been shown to improve. But again, really it's in the background of stress, whether that's stress being aging. So older adults, so aging is kind of a stress brain aging. So older adults seem to benefit from taking exogenous creatine or supplemental creatine. And people that are sleep deprived, that's another one. That's a really big one. In fact, there's been a few studies that have shown people that are sleep deprived. If you give them, this was on a per kilogram body weight basis. So I think total, it was like 20 to 25 grams of creatine that were given just based on their body weight. But if there were sleep deprived and given that creatine, not only did the cognitive deficits that usually occur when you're sleep deprived, not occur, but their cognitive processing speed was improved more than baseline. Now, this is a small study. It's like, if you, if you Peter were to go to the study and look at this, you'd be like, this is small study, we got, you know, and I agree, I agree. We can't, we can't just hang our head on this one study. Who's doing these studies? Because there can't really be any financial incentive to do them. Right. Creatine is ubiquitous. There's no IP around it. We can talk, I want to talk a little bit about pre-appure and some of the actual, help, I want to give people some advice on how to go buy creatine because if you go to Amazon, it's like, what do I, which one do I buy? But who's sort of taken the mantle on trying to understand this? Because it is an important question. And if you've got something that's insanely cheap, completely safe, has other benefits in the body anyway. And all we're really trying to figure out is, hey, should we all just be doubling our dose from five to ten? But it'd be great to quantify the effect size and stratify patients that we need to be reaching out to because, again, not everybody listening to us is doing this anyway. And it's just one more thing to ask somebody to do, which comes at a cost. Right. There's a psychic cost to just asking people to do more stuff. And it's one more thing you got to do. So, just be, I mean, again, this is like low hanging fruit in the world of biomedical research. It is. And, you know, like Darren Kando is someone who he's getting into the brain stuff. He's been doing, I think there's quite a few people that have been doing muscle research. Or now, it's opening doors for them where they're like collaborating and they're kind of reaching out to like people that are, you know, doing more neuroscience and, and they're, and it's kind of explosive. This got like Dom Degasino's name written all over, right? Act, that's a really good point. It totally, we got to talk about them into doing this. It's, I'm, so there was like a pilot study that came out and I don't, these are researchers that I don't know necessarily and some of them are pretty junior. But there, there was one that came out with people with Alzheimer's disease. And they were given 20 grams of creatine and it improved, caught defunctions in these patients. So, with Alzheimer's disease, I think there was also a placebo control as well. And then they took those same patients and then had them exercise and improved strength and improved, you know, lean body mass. See, I'm just going to be skeptical that, that, that, I still think that the name of the game is prevention, right? Like where I'm most interested. And of course, that's the hardest thing to study. But, you know, when we think about the energy crisis that is happening in a brain with Alzheimer's disease. And while there, I think, you and I would agree there are probably many paths towards AD, right? There are inflammatory paths. There are lipid mediated and vascular paths. And then there are, there are sort of these more metabolic paths. But when you take that individual who is most susceptible to the metabolic path towards dementia and 10 years earlier or 20 years earlier, you're giving them a substrate that is augmenting ATP creation. Yeah, I get it. That's the hardest thing to study. That's also the single most important question in my mind. Totally. I mean, prevention is the name of the game for sure, 100%. Unfortunately, there's a lot of people's parents out there that have it right now because they miss the boat on prevention, right? But, and so, and those people are, you know, obviously, like their kids are willing to do anything to help them. It's terrible, right? But, I mean, I think the reality here and the point I want to make is I think that creatine for the brain is the most interesting aspect of this area of research right now, that at least for me. I certainly think that there's really no downside to doing 10 grams a day. Now, in some cases, sleep deprivation, like I just got back from China about five days ago. I've been like doing 20 grams a day, 15 to 20. And are you having any, I was, I remember as a kid, I never had the GI side effects with even 30 a day. But is for some people is, is 10 to 20. In one dose, it would probably affect a lot of people's GI. I do five gram doses. And you'll just put the five grams into water and just put the five grams into water or like tea and then I just take it like that. And, you know, I do it mostly before noon. So I like to take it. And then we're because for, you know, like I said, I don't know if this is placebo, but I don't get sleepy in the afternoon anymore. If I miss, if I only get five grams, I get this like Venus. And again, it could be complete like bias. And who cares? If it's not like, if the placebo is working for you, it's because it's because it's physiologic, right? I mean, it's a biological mechanism that's working for me. And if you listen to this episode and it works for you, that's great because there's really no downside. In fact, I think we're going to get more and more evidence out there that it's going to be beneficial. And 10 grams is going to be the new the new base line. Yeah. Yeah. It's going to be the new baseline. But if you aren't in this state of jet lag, 10 grams for day, you do two shots of five and you're you're feeling great. That's what I do. 10 grams a little bit. Let's talk a little bit about brands. Are you are most of the companies out there that are otherwise very reputable in making supplements? So whether that be thorn, momentous, like, I've lost track of all the names of the companies out there that make supplements. But there, there are a handful of like supplement companies that actually really seem to be credible. Do you have any difference between them? Do you always look to make sure that Cree-Appeer is the active ingredient within it or does it matter? I don't. I think the most important thing is that it's creating monohydrate. The reason people like Cree-Appeer is because it's like pure. But what I like even more than that is NSF certification because there's rigorous testing to make sure there's no like a lead contamination and these like heavy metals and things that sort of paycheck on a lot of these supplements. And so I personally, that's what I look for. I mean, I think Cree-Appeer is great too. I don't know if that depending on whatever brand, you know, is easy to create. Yeah, lots of brands are using it. So NSF is what I look for. I use the thought- There's no reason you can't have both, right? You could have the pure NSF certified product. One thing I want to call out that one of the members of my team was sharing with me yesterday. Apparently there are a whole bunch of Cree-A-Teen gummy products out there. For the obvious reason, they're very popular. There was a third party test. Why don't you tell what they discovered? Yeah, I mean, it was essentially, there was third party testing looking at, actually quantifying the levels of Cree-A-Teen Monohydrate in these gamies and there was essentially none. In 95 percent of them. I mean, and that does, I think, translate to gummies in general. I've talked to vitamin manufacturers and they've said it is incredibly challenging to get an act of ingredient into a gummy and you're heating it up. So there's the heat component that's degrading things. So gummies are, yeah, unless you can find a third party tested gummy that actually has the amount of Cree-A-Teen Monohydrate in it that's labeled, that says on the nutrition facts label, I would have avoided gummy. Yeah, and also the thing about this whole gummy craze that drives me bananas is you have to ask the question, how many gummies do I need to eat? So look at the chalky white Cree-A-Teen powder. Look at what five grams looks like and ask yourself, how many gummies would I need to put this into such that they would be palatable? And then the question is, do I really want that many gummy bears? Like, what am I doing to my teeth? Yeah, what else is in the gummy? How much sugar do I need to eat that's totally unnecessary? Like, if I'm going to have sugar, let it be good. Give me a nice piece of chocolate, right? Like, give me a piece of carrot cake. I'm not going to squander my sugar calories on gummy bears. That are not even giving me Cree-A-Teen. Don't eat the gummy. Like, you need the powder. Like, thanks for bringing that because also capsules, you're going to have to take so many capsules to get, like, I say the 10 grams are even the five if you're just looking for the muscle effects. Like, you just have to take a lot of capsules. And so that's also an important point. I also think that, like, the vegan thing in vegetarian is another really important aspect here. Like, they're, I don't know what. But if you take them the 10, they should be fine because they're at least offsetting the couple of grams. I'm just saying it'll change it. Like, I have so many vegan friends. I have vegan friends that it's literally changed their lives. Like, my phone blew up, like, I mean, I couldn't believe the magnitude of a fact that these women were experiencing was way outside of the community when I was getting. And I noticed it in effect. They, if they were just, I mean, it was like unreal. How long had they been vegan? One of them not that long. One of them, like, not that long. Maybe, like, two years. But the other one just, like, you know, most of her own. Yeah. And so I'd be interested. The one who had been vegan for two years. Like, when she, all of a sudden got creed in back, I wonder if that was a short enough period of time that she was like, oh my god, this is what I used to feel like just two years ago. Or there's probably too many confounders. You know, she's always kind of colorically restricted to. And I don't know how much protein she was really eating when she wasn't. Yeah, but that's a good question. Talk to me about kids. So my daughter is 17. She's really training hard. I mean, she runs cross country. She does tracks. She's in the weight room. Um, is she too young? No, she should she be taken creed in? Yes. Their studies out there on kids. And so, like, children, like younger than 17, that are doing like, so I'm going to be getting to my son. I'm giving it to my son. I'm giving it to my son. I'm giving it to my son. I'm giving it to my son. If I remember correctly, it's like a 0.1 grams per kilogram body weight. I give my son like two and a half grams. Okay. And again, their studies out there that it's it improves agility is a big one in speed. So a lot of these studies were done more like an endurance. Like, because kids aren't like lifting weights. But so it improves like agility and speed. And would you for my daughter give her five? Yeah. Of course. She's also she's studying hard. Like, does she just need the full pen? Exactly. Um, could question because she is almost an adult, right? I mean, I don't think she's done. If it were me, I would do 10. All right. If it was my daughter. That, yeah, there's so you know, there's actually some studies that have been done in college students who are undergoing like taking a test and stuff. And of course, you're super proud when you're saying for the test and the creed team improves test score. So I'm I'm all in on the creed team. Like, my creed team budget, literally the household creed team budget just went up about four same with the same average. Like, you know, like six months ago or so. But again, there's no again, the harm that people like claim, there's just it's unfounded. You know, like the kidney problems, like it doesn't cause first of all, as a physician, you know what the problem is. People are looking at creatinine. If you're like supplementing with creatine, you got to tell your physician. Well, the other thing is physicians listening to this, please make this another reason to just look at sustatency, please. I don't I'm sure the test costs an extra dollar. It's worth it. sustatency is a far more accurate way to measure and estimate GFR. And you don't have this problem of getting the confounded creatine levels increased. I know we have to get you out the door relatively soon because you were giving a talk today. But if we have a little bit more time, I want to talk something about a topic that is near and dear to both of our hearts, which is temperature. You know my journey on the sauna train, right? I was probably the biggest sauna skeptic for many years. Not because I didn't love it. I love I just love to sauna. I just had a hard time believing that the data were causal, right? I was just like there's too much health to use or bias in here. But, you know, over the last five years, as I've looked closer and closer at the data, while I can't comment on the effect size, I think it's very difficult to comment on the effect size from all the epidemiology. It's very difficult for me to believe that there isn't a positive effect in terms of at least cardiovascular disease and dementia. So those are my priors. My priors are I'm now in a place where I actually view sauna as an intervention that can help an individual reduce their risk. And for me personally, because I don't really worry about cardiovascular disease anymore, it's so easy to manage the risk around that otherwise. But dementia is a very difficult risk to manage because, you know, there's fewer things we understand about the causal pathways to get there than we do, a, c, b, d. So in many ways, I'm in the sauna, not just because I enjoy it, not just because it's a wonderful social opportunity to be with your spouse. If that's how you choose to do it. But because I'm also banking a little bit on, hey, I want to get some benefit to my brain. So tell us where you are currently because you're one of the people who I think keeps up with this literature more than anybody. So tell us if anything has changed in your mind, one way or the other, both in increasing confidence, decreasing confidence, you know, just update us on where you are. Yeah, I am still a huge proponent of using deliberate heat exposure to improve your health, both cardiovascular and brain. I do think that the physiological mechanisms are somewhat in many, in some ways, mimicking some aspects of moderate intensity cardiovascular exercise and that is how it is improving cardiovascular health and also a pot and aspect of that brain health. Cardiovascular respiratory fitness that's been shown. There's been not only like observational data, but there's been intervention studies looking at endurance getting someone on a stationary site cycle and then adding the sauna on top of that and bio2 max improvements were greater in individuals that are also doing the sauna right after their training. So anything that improves cardiovascular health is going to improve brain health. But there's another aspect to the story here and this kind of dates back to like the origins of my like one of my first biology, you know, experiments I did when I was actually a technician at the Salk Institute before I went to graduate school and that has to do with the heat shock protein response. And so we do know that heat stress in the form of either hot baths or going into a hot sauna. Infered sauna, a little different, you'd have to stand there really long, like a long time to get to get a real heat shock response. But if you're in like 163 degree Fahrenheit sauna for 30 minutes, we know that heat shock proteins increase about 50% over baseline. And what would be the equivalent exposure in steam or water? In the water, it's about 104 degrees for 20 minutes, like shoulders down. Okay. 20 minutes? Okay. Yeah, about 20 minutes. And then presumably if you're in a hotter dry sauna, less time is needed. Presumably we don't have that data. I'm just quoting the data that we that we in particular data that we have. And what tell me more about the IR? Because there are no questions I get asked more than hey, are all the benefits you're talking about, which all seem to come from studies in dry sauna, but they also applicable to to infrared saunas, to which the only data I can find is if you're using infrared, you actually have to rely on the change in skin temperature to know you've hit the if whereas in dry sauna, we can look at time and temperature and humidity. Right. Like if I know the temperature of the sauna, the humidity of the sauna and the duration that you're in there, I know what I know how to measure the effect size. We can't do that in IR. So we looked at some data that looked at basically thermal skin change. And I can't remember the numbers, so I don't want to get it wrong. It was either five or eight degree increase in skin temperature was necessary to produce similar benefits. What do you do know about this? I so I had not that. I don't know specifically about that, but I do know most of the studies that have been done comparing and they're not been many, maybe three or four that I can think of. They have compared a regular hot sauna to infrared sauna at the same amount of time. So in other words, the dose is the same. Obviously, the temperature difference is pretty vast. Depending on the study, the hot sauna could be, you know, one 60 or it could be 175 or 180, and the infrared is like 140 or something like that. So a lot of variation in terms of, you know, the temperature of the sauna. If you're looking at, there are having, in fact, there's like one study, like the title of something like infrared sauna, or like does not mimic cardiovascular effects of exercise or something like that. And that's because at this given dose, right? If you're just doing like a 20 or 30 minutes, it's not going to be the same. Like your heart rate doesn't go up as much. You don't feel as hot because the temperature is not as hot. Now you will sweat based on a different mechanism. But as far as my take of the literature, it's pretty clear to me that infrared sauna, if you want it to mimic the cardiovascular exercise response, you might have to double that. You might have to double that. Yeah. So rather than spending 20 minutes in 175 degree, 180 degree sauna, you're going to spend 40 minutes. Right. So you're giving up your time. If that's the kind of sauna that you either have or enjoy. Because if you do, and I've been in infrared sauna as many times, if you stay in long enough, like you get that, you feel hot and you feel that like heart rate going up just like you do when you're in a hot sauna. It just takes a lot longer. Now I know you've had Dr. Ashley Mason on this on your podcast. She's been on my podcast as well. We collaborate. She's awesome. She's awesome. She's awesome. And we collaborate on a variety of sauna studies. She does a lot of she wears a lot of hats. And her data, she's a psychologist by training and she looks at depression and she's looking at depression as an endpoint in terms of these infrared saunas. And she's looking at core body temperature increases. Right. So people, their core body temperature is going up by almost two degrees. And in that case, I mean, she's got them in an infrared sauna for like 85 minutes. They're in there a long time. They are getting hot and she'll talk about it. You know, the people are, they've got, she's got assistance that are cooling them down on their head because it's a head out in infrared sauna. It's like basically like a bed. And anyways, that's a whole other area looking at the effects on mental health. And this, this actually stems from her mentor, Dr. Charles Razan, who I had on the podcast many years ago, he did this like really phenomenal pilot study looking at. It was kind of funny. It's called hyperthermia. So you're like, you're inducing hyperthermia, right? And it's like this funny chamber where it's increasing your core body temperature. But we're, actually, it's not using that anymore. She's established the heat bed as a, you know, same way. And what I think is the role of the head being hot. So when I am in our sauna, which is a dry sauna, I think, and I'll run it pretty hot. I mean, I'll run it above, at least 190. Okay. And again, part of it is I don't want to be in there for more than 20 minutes because time is tight. Time is my most precious commodity. So I'll rather do 190 to 200 for 20 minutes than go longer. But I will tell you, the most discomfort is in my head. Now, of course, part of it is I'm sitting on the top bench. And so temperature is hottest at the top. So I think my head is exposed to more heat than my torso, just based on that difference. But is there harm or benefit or do we know anything that's happening from any of these other metabolic parameters? I will, okay, to answer that question, it'll take me to hold all the directions. Should I go there right now? Or should I finish? No, I'm sorry, I'm finished because I want to get into that. Yeah. Yeah. So basically, the only point I was getting at was the pioneering study where people with major depressive disorder were exposed to this device where they're heating heating up their core body temperature by about two degrees. And they had an anodopress and effect that lasted six months compared to a sham control, which was also heating people up at not single treatment. Single treatment. Now Ashley has gone out and she's done four to eight treatments depending on the person whether or not they completed the whole study. And she didn't have a sham control, but she's got an a just phenomenal. How do you sham control that? So he, so what he did in his study was he had the same device that just got people a little bit warm enough where they were thinking they were getting the active treatment, but it was not crazy. It didn't hit the threshold. Yeah, I raised in there core body temperature by two. It was a phenomenal study. And this by the way, Peter, what got me interested in the sauna back in like 2008 when I started doing it like every day was I was I lived across the street from OIMCA and I was going into the sauna in the morning. It was freezing in Tennessee and I was going the sauna the morning before I would go into the lab to do my experiments. And I was going every single morning and saying it a long time because I was like, you know, I'm like, go, I'm kind of the thing and I love the heat. And it was incredible. The effect it was having on my mental health and my ability to deal with stress and anxiety. So much that I was like, this isn't saying what's going on nothing has changed other than I've been going to the sauna every day before I go and do all my failed experiments. And that's kind of what got me into the whole sauna was actually the effect of my mental health. So it's kind of fun to go full circle and team up with Ashley on some of this research as well. And she's amazing by the way. We've got some she's got some new studies coming out that are really in this whole field of sauna depression. I think just she's opening the door. So that said, the effect on the head. And you know, if you think about like hot tubs to Cousie's, right, we're all sitting with our head out as well, right, we're in there and it's it's it's it's a good question because I agree with you when I'm in a hot sauna and I'm also on the top and it's like the same deal. I want to get out in 20 minutes. If I stay in too long, I will get a headache. And I have no my I know my threshold now. I know the temperature and the duration and the amount of water on all the like I know all those variables. Isn't it amazing how much water you can drink in a sauna like I know it's it's I worry I'm going to get hype when I dream you I'm like you got slow this down. So the interesting thing is is that talking about dementia risk I talked about heat shock proteins and I kind of didn't even lay like one off on this tangent. Sorry, but the heat shock proteins what they do is they prevent proteins from misfolding and forming aggregates, right? And so you know it's it's obviously when you're getting into a hot sauna you are denaturing some proteins. And so your heat shock proteins are a stress response that's activated to help with the proper folding of those proteins that were kind of denatured somewhat from the heat that you were exposing yourself to. Well, it turns out the heat shock proteins stay active for a long time and so they end up having this like effect where you're now just improving the folding of proteins in general even after you're out of the hot sauna, right? So there's a lot of animal studies that have been done. I did a lot of studies and worms like many many years ago where you can take amilloid beta 42 injected into a worm muscle tissue and then activate heat shock proteins and it like prevents the aggregation and it prevents the muscle sort of paralysis that occurs in these worms. Animal studies have been done looking at amilloid beta and heat shock proteins and Alzheimer's disease. Again, it's having a protective effect. Now, is that the whole story? No, the cardiovascular effects are also important for brain health in my opinion, right? You know the data coming out of Dr. Yariat Lachman's lab showing that dementia and Alzheimer's disease risk is 66% lower in people that are using this on a 47 times per week versus just one time a week of course all that was at 179 degrees or greater for 20 minutes or greater. Yeah, like 175 or herncy benign exact for 20 minutes. Now here's where your question comes in and that is like what about the head and there was another study out of Finland. It was not Yariat Lachman's lab. It was another professor that I'm not aware of but this study looked at sawn a use in dementia risk and then it sort of it stratified the data based on temperature and it was protective again people that are using this on again. They're getting a protective effect against dementia but when people were going extreme so if they're going above 200 degrees Fahrenheit and they're on average it was like if they're getting to like 212 people do this by the way this is like you can go on Instagram and see it's not an uncommon thing. Their dementia risk was actually increased with that temperature or it was a really hot and my concern is the head at that high of a temperature. I've started wearing one of those sawn a hat. The sawn a hat. Yes. And again, I don't know why it works. Do you? It's not logical to me why it's hurting. It's why it's helping rather than. I don't know it's it does seem to help. I mean it shields probably some of the heat that you're being exposed to right because you're not a like a little bit but the fact that that's a net benefit because it's also got to be preventing you from dissipating heat but clearly what it's preventing coming in is the excuse but but it makes such a difference. Those I mean these cultures and like I'm aware of. I'm sorry dialed mine down a little bit. I used to be consistently going to at least 200 and now I'm like you know what honestly like 185 to 190 is good enough. I'm 180. I do 180. And my wife is going to be very happy if we dial it down to 180 because she's more she seems more sensitive to the heat than I am. I'm more sensitive to the heat than my husband is as well. I wonder if there's some kind of sex thing where yeah if it's definitely like I'm more sensitive to it. So so that's great. But this is important. So you really think that we could even dial it to 180 and just totally get the same benefit. That's the data is showing. Yeah I know. You know me more is better. It's not just you. It's a common you know it's like a go hard go home right. But I do think we're talking about a type of stress here right? Yeah and you have to get it or medically correct. Exactly exactly you know I don't know that the 2012 and I hope people that are out there doing the 2012 are like listening to this because it's too hot. There's no need for it. You're not there's no evidence you're getting added benefit and if anything there's potential benefit. But potential risk that you're in there. Exactly potential risk downside. I don't you know that's just one study. Yeah. Yeah. But it's enough to make me go. I don't like there's no there's no data showing we need that. So why are we doing that? Ron I know you got to go but I want to end with with just one one question and topic which is what year did you launch your podcast? I launched it in 2014. So here we are we're 11 years in you are the OG in this space you have an incredible podcast. Are you still enjoying it and what are you most excited about? I love doing the podcast. I don't do it every week like some people. I like to find the guests that I'm really interested in learning from. What I love the most is I've always learned more from the conversations I would have with my colleagues or professors than I would from reading a paper. And now I get to do that for a living where I'm just having like these superstars on my podcast and they get to learn so much from I read their papers first but I also I I learned so much from the conversation and and then people get to like benefit from it. I mean it's so rewarding. So I get to like each my own you know, your scratch my own age and then I also get to like help people. Well you know I just want to make sure that everybody listening kind of understands your place in the podcast podcast landscape which is I've talked about one of my favorite podcasts probably my favorite podcast or one of my two favorite podcasts in the world is called a choir. So a choir does a podcast about companies, great companies and what makes them great and the hosts of that Ben Gilbert and David Rosenthall they only put out one a month on average. But the reason is the amount of work that they have to put into the preparation is insane and I've gotten to know Ben especially and you know I think Ben is putting at least 120 hours of preparation into each podcast and therefore you can only do one a month and it shows. So in many ways I think of you as the acquired podcast version in our space which is just the the breadth and the depth of what you're doing is is awesome. It's such a treat and it's just it's always it's always quality over quantity and yeah I'm sure if you could put out one a week you would but the real obvious you wouldn't be able to put in the quality if you were trying to bang one of these things out a week and so anyway I'm just I'm glad to hear you're still loving it and it's hard to believe how fast time has gone. I remember being on your podcast in 2014 so that's kind of insane. Yeah you were like one of the first 10 guests I've had. I don't think I knew what I'm I mean I sort of knew what a podcast was because Tim Ferris had had me on his but it was like I didn't really understand what this was I was like I wonder why she want to talk to me like it seems kind of random but it looked at how much it's evolved right? I know well thank you for the kind words and I feel the same about your podcast you know when I'm when I'm looking for information that I know I contrast it's always like I'm like what I a Peter Peter Peter Peter someone that I've always been able to trust for being rigorous right and really like like you said if something changes then you change and then I respect that. Ronda it is it this has been super interesting as is always the case there were about 80% more things we were supposed to talk about today but I'm really glad that we got to the topics we talked about. I think the the protein question the creatine question and this nuance around temperature are all things that matter to everybody and and in two of the three cases I learned a lot. Obviously in the protein side it was more about you and I trying to set the record straight but I this creatine stuff is new it's going to change what I do and also you're going to you've already made a change to what I'm going to do in the sauna so anyway thanks again this was awesome. Thanks Peter for having me on I really appreciate it.