Hey everyone, welcome to the Drive Podcast. I'm your host Peter Atia. Sally, thank you so much for coming out to Austin. Thank you for having me. This is a topic that on the surface might seem somewhat directed towards 50% of the population, but I think it's safe to say it's probably going to be directed towards a hundred percent of the population. So you have a practice, you're an OBGYN, but your focus is not just on maybe the standard OBGYN things, but really around women's sexual health. Is that a fair assessment? That would be a fair assessment. Yes, from a hormonal and physiologic perspective. Yes. Awesome. Well, by the way of background, we were introduced through a mutual friend slash patient who had listened to the Rachel Rubin. The reason to the Rachel Rubin podcast that I did recently was super impressed by it and said you have got to speak with Sally and one thing led to another and we are now speaking. So let's start by helping people understand why would a podcast that focuses on health, longevity, all of these things that pertain to living longer and better. Why would sex be an important part of that discussion? Well, I'm having a hard time understanding how sex couldn't be a part of that conversation. I think, you know, first of all, this is a performance driven podcast. And so for the 50% of your listeners who are male, if you want to improve your performance, I'm going to give you facts and anatomical descriptions and describe some pathophysiology so that you can improve your performance. This is clearly sexual health is health. And when you look at your longevity levers and you think about your centenarian to Catholic and what you want to do when you're 100. For many people, this is on the list and I want to talk about how to structure your life and get you ready to do that. I also think that there's probably a small group of listeners similar to myself who always thought that the drive was supposed to be about sex drive and that you just had a branding era when you named it the drive. So for those people as well, we're finally going to talk about the drive that you actually care about, which is extra. So there's a lot to sort of unpack there, but I think I want to kind of go back and talk a little bit about something you said vis-a-vis the actual health component of this, right? So if you if you if you look at this through the lens of just evolution, everybody clearly understands why sex is important and it's the single most important thing in the propagation of our species. But can you say a little bit more about how it actually factors into health? And I don't just mean emotional and mental health where I think we could easily make that connection. Is there any evidence whatsoever that a healthy sex life plays a direct role in in health as it pertains to disease? Definitely. I'll start out with my two caveats, though, which is one. This is an understudied under investigated area of our health. That's part of my messaging today. So many of the studies that I'll reference are not going to be robust in volume. And second, this is an incredibly heteronormative conversation for that reason. This is a data driven podcast and I don't have a lot of data on non heteronormative meeting. Men do identify as men having sex with women who identify as women. So that should alarm you as well that we don't have that data, but that's sort of the space in which if we're going to stay in a data rich zone that's where we have to stay. And also the discrepancy when you look at sexual health is greatest among those two participants. When we look at sexual health and we try to make the argument that sexual health is a part of health. You know, we can sort of use your longevity framework if we start with sleep. There is great data. We know that when you are sexually active with or without orgasm, just participation in a sexual activity. You switch from sympathetic to parasympathetic. So post orgasm. You have a great activation of the parasympathetic nervous system. You release neurotransmitters, dopamine, oxytocin. These are relaxing neurotransmitters. And when we study it either via diary or via there's great studies that look at resting heart rate, sleep latency. Many of the measurements that we look to in terms of looking at sleep efficiency and quality, subjectively and objectively improve within of course. What's really interesting and why I want to pull in all listeners, not just 50 percent is there was a great trial that looked at how women slept after an orgasm with themselves and they slept better. And then it looked at women being intimate with a man and they slept better. But women being intimate with a man and having orgasm with that man synergistically improved their sleep. You're getting sort of the dual benefit of that neuro pharmacology that you're releasing from your brain improving your biometrics. But also there's a connection and intimacy, a partnership that we know faster is better sleep. Cardiovascular health, this is also limited. We don't have tons, but we know that sex can mimic a lot of the pathophysiology that we experience during exercise. There's been arguments over the decades about is it low intensity, moderate intensity. I think it depends on the couple. But we have studies that have tried to measure the metabolic equivalence or essentially the energy output for women on average. It's around six to seven metabolic units for every sexual encounter. It's about 60 to 70 calories used during sexual activity. And there's a great study that compared this to walking slowly on a treadmill for the same amount of time. And they said that all those sex was slightly lower in your energy export than walking on the treadmill. Many of the participants reported that they had a much better time having sex than they did walking on the treadmill. And so it's still something to consider. We know the net sort of tapping into the body's natural pharmacology. Think about neurotransmitters and the sort of positive impact on mood and relationships. It's really interesting to think about from a relationship perspective. I think what I don't want to say what I don't believe is that everyone has to have lots of sex and that's, you know, sort of, and that there's a number that we're trying to target. Is there a number needed to treat? Is there a dose that we're trying to go for? No, there's no studies on that, but I also don't believe that every person every couple is different. When you look at couples, I like to look at sort of who's having sex and by what frequency. And so about 20% of couples and this is ages 30 to 60, about 20% of couples are having sex twice a week or more. About 10% of couples are what we call never having sex and that means in the last year. And about 70% of couples are having sex between those, meaning one, some month, twice a month, sort of around that number. When you look at risk factor for divorce, it's the same across all numbers in the sense that it doesn't matter how much sex you're having. You could never have sex. You could have lots of sex. The divorce risk factor is what we call sexual desire discordance or one partner wants more and one partner wants less. And so identifying that as the risk factor, I hope gives people sort of affirmation or interest in the fact that if you want to work on it, I will help you, but not everyone has to. This is not a podcast about everyone needs to go work on their sexually, but if you do, also go through the normal path of physiology and some additional tips and tricks. To help you have a healthier sex life. All right. So two things I just want to reiterate that you've said that that are both important and at least interesting to me. One is. Discoordinates of desire is a much bigger risk factor than anywhere you lie on the distribution of if I recall 10% of people are basically asexual 20% of couples, or is it 10% of couples 20% of couples are at twice a week or greater. Basically, two thirds of couples are somewhere in between. So that's very interesting. Second thing you said, I can't resist coming back to the centenary into Kathana. I've wide you brought it up because it is one of the items on our list on the framework that we hand to patients. When we ask patients to pick the 10 most important things that they want to be able to do in their marginal decade and the last decade of their life. And I would say about two thirds of our patients select having sex as one of those 10 activities. That says something given that we're giving people a list of about 150 things to choose from all of which are quite tempting. And to go back to your point about meds, if seven meds is what is required energetically to have sex, we can convert that into VO2. So seven meds translates to about a VO2 of 25 milliliters per kilogram per minute, which means if you want to be able to have sex in your marginal decade, you need to have a VO2 max of probably about 30 milliliters per kilogram per minute. Why? Because it would be pretty tough to have sex if you were doing it right at your maximum VO2. That would be like me asking you to do the fastest 800 meter run you've ever done and bring that level of exertion to sex. You got to be a little bit below your limit. And while most adults can easily muster a VO2 max of 30 milliliters per kilogram per minute. If you want to be able to achieve that in your 80s or 90s, when your your age, you're a lot younger than me, you need to be probably north of 45 or 50. So if I could just make one more shameless plug for having a high VO2 max, it's going to allow you to be sexually active in the last decade of your life. I think in addition to that, it would be great if at the end of this, we had a list of a few sort of action items in addition to a minimal VO2 max that we could consider a toolkit in order to get this action as something that's actually attainable on your centenarian list. Let's talk a little bit about, well, let me ask a very silly question. When it comes to understanding what an orgasm means for a man, it seems relatively straightforward in that it's tied to a jaculation. And well, there are examples where a man can have a retrograde ejaculation due to exemplary use of medication. And he can still have an orgasm, but you're not actually witnessing an ejaculation with with women. But how is an orgasm actually defined? Is it a biochemical response in the brain? Is it a muscular contraction in the body? Help me and help us understand that. I think it's important to say that we're going to talk about normal things. Yes, there's a lot of pathophysiology and deviations to what's normal and you should see a doctor and we can talk to you about it. But similar to sort of your focus on what's normal in men, to describe what's most normal in women is a rhythmic contraction of the pelvic floor muscles. It is there's four stages to an orgasm. It starts with the excitement phase, which is an engagement of the pelvic tissues. There's increased blood flow. There's lubrication released by the skin's glands and other glands of the vaginal canal. Then there's plateau phase that is predominantly in neurotransmitter phase in a hormone release phase. You can stay in that for a variety of time periods. It's person in partnership dependent. There's the orgasm and then there's the resolution phase. And these four stages understanding how they work and where you are in that stage can allow for the introduction of interventions that can improve your sexual life or help you foster a healthier life in general. What is the period of time in which a woman will go from those first to fourth phases? Again, I realize there's going to be a lot of variation. But what would be sort of considered interquortile range of that transit? So it really depends when women are on their own. It's the average time to orgasm is less than four minutes. And when women are with a partner, it's upwards of like 21 to 25 minutes. Question there. With a partner, you could still have it manual. You could stay because it's to be oral. And that's the inner course. So how much does that really skews the data? I don't have the numbers on that. I don't think we have that. And women are actually individually so different as well. An interesting takeaway from your interest in looking at those numbers is to think about a statistic we do know, which is that four play last in greater than 21 minutes over 90% of women orgasm. So it's really sort of interesting and enlightening to think about, oh gosh. So time actually does matter in that stage. And why do we care about four play what's happening during that time? That's sort of when you're in the excitement phase, building up towards orgasm. So blood is flowing to the area. So we think about your anatomy changes. So the vagina that's usually like three and a half by nine. So three and a half inches wide by nine inches deep. We'll actually get longer and wider. And why do we care? 30% of women will experience pain within a course. So actually appropriate for play where the vagina not only gets wider and longer, but actually the angle of the vagina changes. And I think this is something that I love talking to couples about because I have many women who will say, you know, my wife is a woman who will say, you know, my partner loves this position and often it's a deep penetration position. But it really hurts me. And I see how much for play is going on. And so if there's not enough for play, you don't actually change the angle of the vagina or change the angle of the canal. And so you will experience more pain. You'll have the tightness of the pelvic floor muscles and pain fosters pain. You can get into a pain cycle. And so actually appropriate amount of for play, allowing the angle of the vagina to change can allow women to participate in positions. Most commonly we call doggy style or sort of deeper penetration positions, which can then be sort of a part of your repertoire if you're interested in that. So what about just kind of the differences in ability to achieve orgasm? The so called orgasm gap. What can you tell us about that? I hope I've proven to you that sexual health, pleasure, orgasms are a part of health. And so I think when we then look at the disparities in how different parties will participate or receive enjoyment out of these activities. I hope it highlights to you how important it is that we work on this. And so I'm going to quiz you now, which is what percent of men do you think report when they're having sex with a woman? Report that they almost every time have an orgasm? 95 percent. 95 percent. And what about women? What percentage of women would report always be able to have an orgasm with a male partner? Correct. 50 percent. 30 percent. And what about for a one night stand? What percent of women are having orgasms on one night stands with men? Well, if it's 30 percent on a regular basis, I would say 10 to 20 percent. That's around 12 percent. What about men at one night stands? Still 95 percent? Correct. 90. Actually I should say it's 90 percent. And so when we think about the orgasm, so if I prove into you that sexual health is health, and if we understand that orgasm is one metric that we can use, it's not the end all be all. There's other sort of satisfaction intimacy connection, pleasure benefits that women get out of intercourse, but this is one numeric finding that we can track. This disparity or this discrepancy is a big deal. And this disparity in how women experience pleasure becomes a health disparity because of sexual health is health and women are not experiencing it with the same amount of pleasure that men are. This is a health disparity. By the way, within women, does orgasm at all correlate with underlying health? Yes. We do. We see that we know that orgasm is related to strengths of the pelvic floor, vascular blood supply, so there are issues. So there's a lot of sort of bidirectional, you know, if you're healthy enough to be able to have an orgasm, then you can have an orgasm and if you're having orgasms, you're likely healthier. So there's a lot to that. And we know that by directionality, but I think still looking at the numbers. I'm hoping that you're thinking, my gosh, this is this matters, this is a big deal. We should, you know, we classically think about sexual health as sort of an afterthought. When we think about longevity, we think about cancer screening and prevention and chronic diseases and now sleep and exercise. And once we've sort of addressed all of those, we now have the luxury of addressing sexual health. And I just think we should put it a little higher on the list. Okay. So let's talk a little bit more about foreplay. When I think when most people here for play, they assume what anything that is sexual shy of intercourse, how do we define foreplay? Great question. There's medical definitions of foreplay and social social definitions tend to say anything outside of penetrative intercourse. Medical definitions rely more on the physiologic changes that are happening in your body, increased blood flow, recruitment of a swelling of the clitoral nerve. Physiologic signals from your brain that sort of prepare you emotionally to participate in this interaction. What's most interesting to me about this is when we think about sort of, let's start with desire. When we think about desire, we think of more of this spontaneous desire. Spontaneous desire is more common in men. Spontaneous desire is only present in about 15% of women. Women have what we call is responsive desire. So sorry, just help me understand that. Oh, you were just about to the point spontaneous. Yes, so spontaneous desire is you've been married for 20 years. You see your partner get out of the shower for the 8,845th time and you think to yourself. That's spontaneous desire. That's sort of desire in anticipation of intimacy. Responsive desire is you see your partner get out of the shower for the 8,645th time and you think, did I sign up for the right treadmill tomorrow morning at 6am? And that's because your brain's just not there. That's not the same place as your partner. But if your partner comes over and starts to rub your shoulders and rub your feet or maybe has made dinner, we call chore play, which is where sort of emotional investments in the relationship can sometimes lead to, to responsive desire using lubrication. And we'll talk about how to use Loub using a vibrator sort of creating an environment in which you are capable of being aroused. That's responsive desire. And thinking about what's happening in that circumstance can be really helpful in validating for women and it can help their partners get them there too with those middle of sort of being aligned in your sexual desire from a frequency perspective. And so you're saying it's more typical that men experience spontaneous desire where arousal comes on in a moment. In anticipation and anticipation and often based on perhaps a visual cue. For women that is less common. Correct. But not impossible. Correct. And so acknowledging that there's a few sort of lessons that we can take from that. The first is if you're listening to this podcast and you want to work on your desire, if you're waiting for your husband to get a new shirt or a new selfie or anything, the visual stimulus is not evidence based. Stop waiting for that. I want you to think about. What about getting a new car? I love one, but no, but just to be clear, I would love one. I want you to think about how you get responsive desire in response to arousal and how we do that is lubrication. So we know how to use loop most of us do. You're in the act. You take some lubricant. You put it on the penis. You put it on the vagina. You have intercourse. I want to sort of encourage you to think about loop potentially using it 30 minutes prior to intercourse. So I want you to take a silicone based loop and I'll tell you why in a moment. I want you to think about using a loop shooter, which is a little droplet to take some of the loop and put it in a higher up in the vaginal canal. And then I want you to read a book, drink a cup of tea, wash your face. Women as you sort of alluded to are less visually stimulated into desire. There's great data that women like to read, erotic literature and there's great apps for that meat rosy, dipcia or great companies that are in the same way. There's great data that mindfulness can work for women. Lori brought a wrote a book called, better sex through mindfulness. Thinking about breathing techniques, staying present in the moment. My favorite strategy for this is to describe to yourself in your head not allowed. What's happening? My breathing is relaxing. My vagina feels wet. Sort of talking yourself through what's happening from a pathophysiologic perspective to bring yourself to the right. But when we think about how to curate that arousal, essentially what you're doing is showing up at the party and then seeing what happens. And there's no expectations what happens at the party. But Emily Nagowski who wrote, come as you are, talks about, you know, it's Friday night. And you really want to put on your bathrobe and watch love island. But instead you're going to go to a party with your friends because you said you would. And you get there and it's actually kind of fun. So you stay and you have a good, you have a good time. You have a drink. You actually like your like it when you're there. That's the sort of idea behind curating your own arousal desire through arousal, which is use of vibrator, use some lubricants relax. Get in the moment. Start to participate and if you don't want to obviously consent is of utmost importance and stop. But if you sort of start participating and decide that you're happy that you're there and you like it, please stay and have a good time. Okay, a lot of questions come up and you said all those things. Let's start with the need for lubrication. So I very naively have assumed that women who are young enough, right? So not even approaching estrogen withdrawal are not having an issue with lubrication. That clearly must be incorrect or you wouldn't be stating this. So what can you say about perhaps the differences in the amount of lubricant and maybe even just talk a little bit. Physiologically about where is this what is what is the loop that is naturally made? Where is it coming from and what drives variability both across women and within a given women's life? Let's not even talk about it within her life within a given month or something like that. You know, you're correct with that line of questioning to sort of assume that throughout the month. Women will have different levels of lubrication medications can impact lubrication. Life age, life cycle. There's so many factors that go into your ability to have the amount of lubrication that you need in order to have a comfortable sexual encounter. This idea that we just use loop need loop as we age. I want to completely dispel. I think the majority of women need lubrication and should use it. The reason the way that we sort of naturally get looped in our vagina is from a variety of different glands that work, you know, better or worse. There's the skin's glands that sort of support the vagina which are where they're right on either side of the urethra. And fun fact about this many people will have more prolific skin's glands in the sense that they can sort of shoot the lubrication a little bit stronger. So when we sort of talk about women who what we call squirt it's actually the skin's glands releasing lubrication in a more aggressive form. There's barthylins glands that produce lubrication that are commonly known for their likely hit to sometimes get clogged into cause pain. But there's so much that goes into lubrication and it's so important throughout the life stages that the WHO, the World Health Organization actually has guidelines in terms of how to pick out your loop. And if you're wondering right now, how I never knew that the WHO cares so much about my sexual life, that's that's wonderful. They don't they care about HIV transmission and picking the appropriate loop. Deacreases micro abrasions less friction less tearing less HIV transmission. But we can sort of take this data into the pleasure world and think about sexual health and sort of what so what types of loop should we use I think is the next part of that question. Well, actually I want to go back and ask a different question, which is isn't there sort of a min max optimization problem around loop because friction is also part of what is necessary at least for the male to have an orgasm. How much does it matter for the female. Less so friction is friction matters less so to women and let's talk about the literal nerve anatomy to answer that question. I I'm going to leave this for you as a gift, but I I'll keep it on my desk. It's pure pure gold. So you may want to put it in your safe, but this is sort of the anatomy of the Clarice and what you're looking at is sort of what we tend to discuss in terms of clear all not many typically we talk about is the tip of the iceberg or the the Clarice. But there's there's the crew of the Clarice and there's the vestibule which is an engagement structure when blood comes to the area. Your labia menorah would be here and your labia majora would be here this would make up the vulva. When we think about the literal nerve it actually has two types of nerve fibers in it. One is a type A nerve fiber and one is type C type A response to vibration and a response to deep pressure and type C response to heat and light touching. So A is vibration and deep pressure and C is heat and light touching. What's really interesting about using this to answer your question is that there's you don't friction is not a requirement to hit any of those four metrics. And actually is so significantly associated with migrataring and pain with the 30% of women experiencing pain within our course. I would argue that women need no friction. But to think about how that nerve changes over time is really fascinating because type A fibers the vibration and a deep pressure. They have a mild and sheath around them. And so they age better. The nerve is protected by a mild and sheath are more resistant to degradation. And that's the A fiber. And that's the A fiber. And so I have women come in to my clinic and they say I've been with my partner for 35 years. We do this position for six minutes. It always works. It's not working. And I say have you considered using a vibrator or introducing a vibrator into your sex life. And there's a law. I don't know if my partner would feel good about that. I don't want him to make him feel. And I sort of say this is an evidence-based intervention. Understanding the science of myelin sheets and nerve degradation. This has nothing to do with your husband and nothing to do with your relationship. How would you do that? So if a woman comes in and says in this position, it's exactly as you just said, When you're saying introduce a vibrator, do you mean use it doctor or before or during. I see. So put the vibrator externally. And there's different types of vibrators. Some are internal. But if you're trying to pick a vibrator that you want to use when you're with a partner. Buying something like a wand. So something that sort of has a is long enough that you can reach the structure in a variety of positions. Something Jimmy Jane makes a nice wand. Goop the wand makes a great great product as well. Did you bring any of these? You know, I a long discussion with your staff about what you wanted to laid out on the table and the net net was no. Oh, we might have been a strategic error. I don't think that I think people at least I'm kind of curious as to what these products are. We'll link to them in show notes. That sounds great. There are air pulse vibrators that you can put on the clitoris. These are sort of all external vibrators that you can sort of bring into a partnered encounter to have an evidence based way to continue to achieve orgasm. Because that is one of your greatest ways in which you can continue to maintain a healthy sex life. And again, not to get too graphic, but just because if I'm asking this question, I'm sure someone watching this is. If you're talking about a sexual position where the man is on top of the woman and she's using an external vibrator. Does the man also receive some pleasure from that? He might and there are more strategic ways that you can try to do that. If the man likes that, but there's ways that the man can angle his pelvis that he doesn't he may or he doesn't feel it. He doesn't have to. You want to go back to something about the female ejaculation that all of that ejaculatory material seems external. Not in the sense. So yeah, so how is the vagina being lubricated inside? So they've actually studied as the Kinsey Institute. Put has great studies where they put cameras inside the vagina and they actually watched the vagina essentially sweats. The cells of the vaginal canal release water molecules. There's cervical mucus that also serves as a lubricant as well. Again, all of these things very dependent upon hydration and medications and things like that. So you can understand the importance of sort of making sure it is appropriately lubricated through the use of external lubricants. But yeah, there's many different ways. So the vagina sweats the cervical mucus and then the glands that that's secret, mucus into the canal. And for women who do experience that ejaculation that's perfectly normal, do they have control over that? Most people think that they do not. Most people think they do not in terms of like how much if you're more hydrated, if you're more relaxed, but no, in general, people do not believe that you, that it's a normal physiologic response that you cannot control. And it doesn't imply a better orgasm. No. Okay. And what was the frequency again of women who achieved that? Squirting. I actually don't have statistics on that. I don't know. Maybe a helpful thing to do right now would actually be to go over a little bit of the anatomy. And I see that you brought a model that I think will make it easier for everyone to kind of understand. So I want to start by asking when you deal with your female patients who presumably are much more familiar with this anatomy than men are. What surprises you the most when a woman comes into your clinic. And you're taking care of her. What are you most surprised by in terms of her lack of knowledge about her own body? In its humicle lack of education from a- This literacy? Literacy. From a, where was this like, education? Well, did we have it? Did we go, I mean, from a verbiage perspective referring to the vaginas, the vaginal. That's the vaginal canal is the vagina, the vulva is the outside of the vagina. There's Libia, Majora, and Minora. And all the way down to the, to the clitoral nerve and sort of the fact that it has different different nerve routes. And so if we think about, you know, looking at this model, this is sort of if a female is lying down on her back, that's the angle that you're looking at. There was a great study that was done recently that said that only 41% of Gen Z men could accurately identify the clitoris on. A, pictorial. Women, a surprisingly. What would that be for Gen X? Like how much of that is a representation of declining intimacy as, as people are in younger generations, or is that a general statement of men period? I take from that sex education needs to get better. I mean, I sort of take from that the need for better sex education that's actually anatomical and not fear-based. So women as well, I mean, most women, not all, do know about the clitoral hood, or which is the clitoris or the bulb. That's what we sort of think about in terms of the iceberg. But what women often don't know is that they have sort of what we call is the vestibule of the clitoris, which are these sort of bulb-like structures that can receive engagement, or when there's an increase in blood flow. And then there's the crew of the clitoris, which is these nerve structures that go on either side of the Libia, Minora. It's a wish-bone-like structure, and what's really fascinating is to sort of normalize that anatomy can and should look different. There's a great website called the Libia Library that normalizes all different types and sizes of Libia, Minora and Minora. But the wish-bone structures are often asymmetric as well, and so it is quite common for a woman to experience clitor, greater pleasure on one side of the vagina versus the other. Meaning that this nerve root of the clitoris may be thicker or more sensitive. There's over 8,000 nerve roots as a part of the clitoris, and there can be more focused on one side versus the next. And so I hope that half of your listeners are thinking, I always wondered why I was a righteer. I always, I am a lefteer, but I also hope the other 50% are wondering if you've been with your partner for a long enough time. I hope you know if your partner is a righteer or a lefteer because there's asymmetry in how we experience pleasure. And then very interestingly is that there is, you know, if you're sort of looking at the tip of the clitoris, there's a nerve root. There's a part that goes sort of inside the vagina, and that's what we talk about in terms of social terms we talk about the G-spot. And what that is is it's a branch of the clitoris that runs along the anterior or the front part of the vagina. It's about a third into the vagina. The best way to find it is to, if your sort of, if a woman is trying to find it on herself is to take her dominant hand, middle finger, stick it as far as you can. It's sort of do a come-hitter movement or sort of movement of the finger towards the top part of the vaginal wall. It's easier to find when you're aroused because there's an agreement of the tissues. It feels a little more regated, and you'll know that you're there if you feel a sensation to urinate, but if you relax into that you won't. And so only about 10% of women now are able to orgasm from stimulation of that internal branch of the clitoris nerve. There's some data that shows that with education that can go up as they're talking to women about how they can find the anterior branch of their clitoris nerve. Not only allows them different ways to orgasm, but also gives them a sense of empowerment and sort of ownership to sort of talk their partner through how to sort of maintain pleasure. But for those people who can't have orgasms from the inner part of their vagina, the other 90% are having orgasms from external stimulation of the clitoris nerve. And so Dr. Lauren Stryker says, you know, for the 10% of women who can orgasm via the G-spot or the anterior branch, that's great. And she diagnoses the other 90% who can't orgasm from stimulation of the internal nerve as normal. So it's totally normal if you can't have an orgasm from that part of the clitoris nerve, but many women after hearing this podcast, I hope try. Partner should try. It has a little bit, it has better blood supply than the tip of the iceberg. And so as we age, this is one of my favorite techniques for women in the parrymenopause and menopausal period as their hormones change and the nerve fiber degrades a little bit. Teaching women how to have orgasms from the part of the nerve that is better, better has a better blood supply can help maintain pleasure and help maintain interest in sexual activity as we age. All right, so when a woman is having intercourse and maybe for the percentage of guys who might not be familiar, can you point out where the entry to the vagina is on this model? Yeah, so here's entry to the vagina. Of those, there is some statistics that talk about what percentage of women can orgasm simply by having penetrative intercourse, so penis here. And what's interesting is that the distance of the clitoris to the vaginal opening is variable. And the shorter the distance, they tend to say less than one inch, the shorter the distance of the clitoris to the vaginal opening, the more likely you are to be able to orgasm during penetrative intercourse. And that's because the distance is so short that the angle of the man's body is sort of able to stimulate that area. If that distance is greater, you're less likely to be able to orgasm simply from penetrative intercourse. Q introducing a vibrator or manual stimulation, it's such a thing. So what percentage of women are able to intercourse without any stimulatory vibrator or anything like that from intercourse less than 10%. Wow, so it's the same number that you have from the G spot. So if a woman is listening to this and she's never had an orgasm through intercourse, she is in the 90% there's nothing wrong with her. We would diagnose her as normal. And for those women out there who are regularly achieving an orgasm through intercourse, you're in the minority in. Or they're doing external, more likely they're doing external stimulation of the clitoris. Those those graves statistics are without any external manipulation of the clitoris. So for women who are achieving orgasm with a partner is because they've identified positions with their partners. They're using manual stimulation, they're introducing vibrators. They've figured out regardless of distance of clitoris to vaginal opening how to stimulate the clitoris, the external part of the clitoris. And I like to talk about anatomy so that patients can sort of think about their own individual anatomy. Talk to their partners about it and think about if there's someone who needs to sort of introduce that external stimulation. Or she'll they as a couple just try to find the anterior branch of the clitoris or if there's lots you can you can do as a part of that. How often do you have men in your practice who are there with their female partners who you're trying to educate? For a sexual health consult 20% at the time. And what is the most common? I don't want to use the word ignorance, but what is the most common thing that you appreciate about men when you're helping them in terms of their lack of understanding about the their partners and actually. The their partners anatomy. Giving men a roadmap being very descriptive, you know men most partners want their partners to be happy. It's not you know there's the selfish aspect of performance and there's the sexual empathy component where they care about their partner and they want their partner to feel well. Giving them a roadmap to sort of explore around and find the anterior branch and think about the wishbone structures is really exciting to them. Desire spontaneous desire thinking through that is really exciting for them how they tap into that how they can curate that with your their partner thinking about their partners or Rousal. And then sort of supporting there's a communication component I think when we think about sexual dysfunction. We tend to break it down into a biosyco social model. I like to talk mostly about bio. I'm a clinical physician. I'm a guy in ecologist so I think a lot about anatomy and pathophysiology and neurotransmitters and hormones. But there's a lot of other people in this field that are helping with psychosocial sex therapists communication. There's a great book called Sex Talks by Vanessa Merin, which talks about how to communicate with your partner. Clitorate is a great book to think through different ways that you can sort of improve your communication about what pleasures you and how to investigate that. There's really good websites now.OMgyes.com is a website that sort of talks about your anatomy and how to find it and how to find your pleasure spots. So there's a lot out there. I'm not alone in the space by any means, but I like to think about it from a very sort of biologic physiologic perspective. You mentioned a moment ago for example that a number of women are able to have an orgasm during intercourse. But it requires them using their own hand for example. How much does a woman control her ability to have an orgasm by the way she positions her pelvis? Female dependent and depends on her own anatomy. So if you're thinking about how far your Clitoral hood is from your vaginal opening thinking about if you're a lefty or a righty, understanding your anatomy, exploring your anatomy can help you sort of figure this out and talk to your partner about it. So yes, there is a good amount of control that women can have over this, but the first step is understanding their own anatomy. And it is a myth that if a woman uses a vibrator regularly on her own, it makes it harder for her to have an orgasm with her male partner or unless she becomes dependent on using it as well. It is a myth. There are in a sense that there is data on either side. And so there is some data that talks about if you sort of acclimate to sexual practices that you cannot bring into a partner model, maybe harder to have orgasms in a partner situation, but if you are comfortable using whatever technique you find upon your own time, and you can bring that into your relationship, then you're more likely to have orgasms. And so thinking about whatever it is that you're doing and however it is that you're doing it, if you can sort of inject that into your life with your partner, you are more likely to have orgasms. There is really good data that sort of orgasms, you get orgasms meaning like the more orgasms you have, the easier it is to have an orgasm in terms of training. The system sort of learning, you know, your body's response to stimuli can be trained. Your body's response to things can be trained. And I think from a going back to sort of how we could use this from a desire perspective, there is good data that sex begets sex meaning, the more sex that you have, the more sex that you want. And so I talked to my patients about scheduled sex as a way to sort of work on your desire and most of my patients when I bring up scheduled sex are like, oh my god, another thing I have to do, like, what a hassle. And I sort of, I point out the fact that you've always scheduled sex, right? Like when you met your partner and your partner said, what are you doing Friday? He was scheduling sex with you. And when you said sushi sounds good and you shaved your armpits and put on a nice t-shirt, you were planning for sex. So you were prioritizing your sex life in a way. And so scheduling sex is a great technique that we use. How that sort of rolls out is depends on the patient and what frequency they're going for, but I have my patients do what I call a fuck it February, where I essentially have my patients having sex scheduling sex two to three times a week for the month of February. It's a romantic month. It's the shortest month of the year. And this sort of takes pressure off of patients wondering, you know, the person who's been the initiator sort of gets to relax and not have to worry about rejection. And the person who has been less interested knows that they're sort of working through in a rousal pathway, they're working on responsive desire. And scheduling just means that you'll show up. You don't have to have sex, but you just show up and you try it. And there's great data that sort of after a month women will sort of have that maintenance of, you know, their increased desire. And so you can sort of write on that for a couple of months. You mentioned earlier discordance as an issue, discordance of desire. How often is the discordance in one direction versus the other so how often is the discordance at the mail wants more than the female advice versus. I wish I had a specific number for you. We can probably look that up and put that in the notes, but anecdotally I'll say it is most often. And then the higher desire than the female does it say anything about the couple if it's the reverse or is it. I anecdotally as well have I have the reverse as well. And there's so much that goes into this in terms of like, you know, the partner is health status and chronic diseases and and, you know, stressors that works. So there's a lot to sort of think through and it can happen both it can go both ways, but by far and large it is predominantly the mail with the stronger sexual desire. And so on the topic of sexual desire, what are the, you know, because this podcast is called the drive and we're talking about cars. What are what's the throttle and what's the break pedal on sexual desire for men and for women and I assume it's different. I would assume it's different to I never talk about men because I'm not an expert in men's sex life. So I'm going to all over cues that to the next guest. But when we think about women, we think about accelerators and breaks. It's a common framework that we use from a social behavioral perspective like, you know, what helps you feel relaxed and what turns you off. But from a pathophysiologic perspective, we think about neurotransmitters. And so accelerators from a neurotransmitter perspective would be things like estrogen and testosterone, nitric oxide, dopamine and oxytocin. And those sort of five neurotransmitters are in a complex interplay to sort of tell our brain and our body through a variety of different pathways. I'd like to participate in intercourse estrogen is very interesting because although we know, you know, there's different types of estrogen receptors throughout the body. But when it comes to sort of sex drive, we think about alpha receptors, which stimulates sex drive and beta receptors, which decreases anxiety and inhibition. And not as clear cut when we replace estrogen. It's not a slim dunk that you cannot make the connection then that oh, so if I replace estrogen as it's dropping, I fixed my sex drive all as well. To stastroon has a little bit more of a direct link to that. So when we think about, for example, the postmenopausal female and I'll use the term menopaus hormone therapy over hormone replacement therapy. And I would be so excited if you switched your nomenclature as well. But I think when we think about postmenopausal women, we think about menopaus hormone therapy replacing estrogen. We sometimes do see an improvement in sex drive, but that's usually through an indirect pathway. You're sleeping better. You have more energy. Like you're not having as many hot flashes. So we'll see sort of an indirect improvement in sex drive to stastroon is, you know, well studied for hyp proactive sexual desire disorder or a problem with, you know, I was shouldn't say, but a decrease in your sex drive. To meet that diagnosis, you have to have a low sex drive for more than six months. And you have to care. Not your partner cares, but you have to care. And if you meet that diagnosis, testosterone is very well studied in terms of its benefits on your sex drive. What is your preferred method for administering testosterone to women? I prefer a cream. I, you know, I think, percribing tests. I so I do also prescribe test him, which is an oil. And that's where I will sort of like get receivable packets. I'll put it into a empty syringe and that syringe. The kind that we give our children Tylenol with, not an actual needle syringe. And so, and then you can administer 0.5 cc's and rub it on the inner thigh as my favorite place to do it. I do a lot of compounding cream. I use Coshlin pharmacy. They have a pretty standard like well mixed formula and also use. I'll prescribe a testosterone cream where the patient will use a pump a day when they get out of shower. They'll let it dry for 20 minutes and then they can put on their get sort of get dressed. Do you think the oil is more efficacious and consistent in its absorption than the cream? I don't. I find sort of when and I do try I do follow labs when prescribing testosterone. So anecdotally and from a lab perspective, I don't find a difference. I'm interested in what you say. I sort of go maced up based more on patient preference. If they want an FDA approved product, although it's not FDA approved for women, then we'll go ahead and use the test him. I don't I much prefer to just compound it. It's it's cleaner. It's less messy. It's easier to dose. There's so many dosing issues with the oil in terms of how we dispense it when it's not dispense you know supposed to be dispensed for women that I much prefer the cream. How about you? We use a cream more typically. Yeah, I don't use intranaisal. I do use introvaginal. So I will use but sort of in the form of DHA. I use a lot of intro Rosa intro Rosa or press and then press the test run is sort of a metabolite that can ultimately you know come down the testosterone estrogen pathway. I will use that. But in terms of that's for pain of the vagina, but when it comes to sort of sex drive and desire to administer testosterone, mostly cream. Do you target a level for total testosterone or free testosterone or are you just basically saying I want to get it above a certain floor and then symptoms determine where we end up. I want to get it above 20 in terms of total testosterone. It's very very low and then I use symptoms. And so then I use so for example, so 20 to 80 would be you know the range at which I'm interested. But I'm predominantly use symptoms. The guidelines in terms of how to titrate it are not clear and I you know anecdotally I'll have patients at 80 who have no benefit to their sex drive. I have 20 you see a great benefits. So I want to see like you know some sort of moderate modest improvement in their testosterone and then interview see other doing. And given how much variability there is in men with energy and receptor density. We I think we have a pretty clear sense that in men levels don't tell you much unless you're below you know 350 400 you know if you're below that level you're really going to be hypogonatal. But men can be replete at 600 and other men might not be replete till they're at a thousand and again it just comes down to AR density. Do you have any sense of how that works in women? Other than it's incredibly complicated as you alluded to but more so in women because most women who are on testosterone are also on estrogen. And we know that estrogen increases your sex hormone binding globulin quite significantly. Sex hormone binding globulin thing that protein that sort of runs around and gobbles up free androgens or testosterone. And so you know because I'm prescribing estrogen and that we know progestons actually have the ability to to blunt or mitigate that increase in the sex hormone binding. The sex hormone binding globulin the more androgyanic the progestin the more mitigating effect on that increase in sex hormone binding globulin. And so this is where. This is my true passion and sort of thinking about hormones and contraceptive and menopause hormone therapy and sort of tinkering with hormones. Because some of what you do will help the sex drive some of what you do will hurt. But the addition of the two variables of estrogen and progestin make this incredibly more challenging. As you know we talked about this at length with with Rachel Rubin, but I think it's always worth rehashing how how do you like to initiate. Estrogen progesterone testosterone use in a perimenopausal woman who is. Obviously one of the most difficult to treat because she still has waxing and waning natural levels of all of those hormones. But during her natures is typically pretty. Debellitated by the symptoms. So how what is your what is your playbook on that which is obviously pretty challenging. This is when you'll see me get very animated. I love this topic because it's so different. It's so different for each woman in terms of how she responds the first question that I try to answer in my interview with my perimenopausal patients is. Do you like ovulating or not? And that's the sort of first branch point at which I sort of decide how I'm going to approach this patient. So the part of this. Let's just stop on that question for a second. I've never really thought of that question. Obviously being someone who's never ovulated but. Tell me why that question matters and why would a woman know the answer to that question at the risk of sounding naive. So I'm going to answer this from first is sexual health perspective and then in general health perspective. Some people when their sex drive is higher around ovulation, they love it. Like the benefit that ovulation gives to their sex drive. There are times in the month when they have a great sex drive, they ovulate and they feel good. Similarly, the first half of your cycle when estrogen is climbing right before ovulation is a is a high performance part of your cycle. And so these women who like to cycle feel good the first part of their cycle. They feel great right before ovulation. There are a lot of biometrics that are peak right before ovulation. Your memory is stronger energy is stronger. I have a few Olympic athletes in my practice and we will figure out when their events are and we will try to figure out their ovulation. So that they are competing in the first 10 to around day 9, 10, 11, 12 to 15 of their cycle because right before ovulation is where they can lift the heaviest. And the fastest I'd love for you to do a steady on the O2 max throughout the cycle. But I think it's really interesting when you look at the metrics that we care about, many of them are peak. So, but sorry, just to be clear, at that moment in time her estrogen is pretty much at her highest. Progesterone is very low to testosterone is high. Correct. So does that mean? Progesterone is a performance inhibiting hormone or does it mean that estrogen, because obviously testosterone is a performance enhancing. Does it really mean estrogen is performance enhancing? Progesterone is performance inhibiting because in the in the luteal phase, you would also see high estrogen, but you now have high progesterone. And not as high estrogen, but you're correct. I think to to make this at the risk of boring anyone listening to get a little more academic about it. You're really talking about a progesterone is sort of which is a there's estrogen and there's progesterone. And there's progesterone. And there's progesterone. Now, natural progesterone, we know, which is that's what's in your body is progesterone. Yes, it is a sort of rest and digest a low energy phase, a preparation in case you need. Helps with sleep helps with sleep. But in terms of the progesterone plantation, Progesterone pregnancy, exactly. In terms of the progesterines, which are a synthetic class of progesterines, we then think about what is the family that this was derived from and decide effects can be very, very, very different. And I think about that in terms of what pills I will prescribe my patients. But to bring it back to the question, I essentially threw interview. And this is where the patient can really advocate for herself, you know, sort of for patients who are listening. We, you're, we care. Doctors, we, we've worked our butts off to get here. We deeply care about helping you. All doctors too. But you sort of coming in with great symptom tracking and timelines and relations to bleed and things like that can really help us. Understand through interview, whether you're someone who feels great because of obelating or whether you're someone who, you know, really suffers from PMS, pre-menstrual syndrome. Has it turned into pre-menstrual dysphoric disorder where it's PMS, but now it's impacting your life. There's so many reasons by which you would say I actually feel terrible cycling. I would prefer not to, but that's the first branch point when I have a period of menopausal woman. And just give me the divide there, Sally, what percentage of women who are, let's just call it 44 years old, 45 years old. We'll respond to that first question as, yep, I really enjoy ovulating. Let's keep it up versus let's make this go away. I would say about 70% of my patients, 7080% of my patients prefer not to ovulate. Okay. This is the 45 year old who's like, you know, I used to be really short tempered with my kids, the day before my periods. And now I'm just, you know, it's the whole week before I'm really short tempered. So, you know, I have all of the symptoms of low estrogen hot flashes, vaginal dryness. I have all these hypos estrogen exemptums, but I also have, you know, periodimenopausas, you know, your brain is yelling at your ovaries. To please do unlast ovulation, listen up so you have this sort of hyper simulation of signaling. A hyper responsive FSH follicle stimulating hormone. So much so that you can get, you know, a loop event, which is a luteal out of phase event, we're essentially you ovulate twice. Your FSH is so high. It's so busy yelling at your ovaries that your ovaries are like, I heard you. And I heard you again, and they essentially double ovulate, and that's that story where you'll have, you know, long cycle and then a short cycle and then a long cycle. So these are all clues that you don't like to ovulate. And so if you do like to ovulate, let's go down that sort of less lesser trouble. Either you're the first person besides me who I've heard used the yelling analogy. I'll never get 10 years ago, I was sitting down with a male patient, and he came in and he had a pretty high testosterone. It was, let me not very high, but it was probably like 7 or 800, which for his age was actually pretty high. And his FSH and his LH were two ex normal, and he wasn't taking, you know, anything. And I was like, this is really interesting, and he's like, why? And I'm sort of drew him a picture, and I said, basically your pituitary gland is yelling. It's screaming at your nuts, and they're really responding. And like, I forgot about the statement, right? And like a six months later, a year later, two years later, he keep coming back with that. At some point, I started taking care of one of his friends. His friends told me about it. They're like, he's really been bragging about this. And so anyway, I just thought, you know, I'm sure women do not go and brag to their other friends that their pituitary glands are screaming at their ovaries. But that's a guy thing, a guy would brag about that. I would agree with that. What women do do is, you know, they're walking around the block with their protein shakes. There's, you know, doing their thing. And you have one 46 year old average age of periomatopaus being 46. The of 146, the of 146 year old saying, gosh, I feel so great. I'm on a birth control pill. And I just feel so great. And the other 46 year olds like me too. I'm on menopaus hormone therapy. I just feel so great. And then they look at each other like, wait, where are you on that? Why did you, where are you on that? And the heart of this for me is who likes to ovulate and who doesn't. And from a sexual health perspective, understanding is your sex drive. And all the other things that make you happy and feel good, which ultimately go into your sex drive. Do you want to ovulate? And if you do want to ovulate, then we can think about, you know, do you need contraception, right? So how can we sort of, yeah? And sorry, just go down that branch point again because you just, you just made a distinction that I, I don't know that every listener will understand. You just talked about oral contraceptives, which are hormones. And then menopausal therapy, which is hormones. Can you explain why that branch point is different in response to your question? Yeah. So menopaus hormone therapy, the dosages do not suppress the gonantropin pathway. And so when you are on menopaus hormone therapy, you still ovulate. If you're going to ovulate, you still ovulate. You're going to still ovulate to your skin. Yeah. Whereas contraception, many forms of contraception suppress ovulation, but not all forms. To be clear when talking about contraception and how it affects your sex drive, I just want to sort of, you know, we talk about ovulation and how women's sex drive can be ovulation dependent. Remember though that we've looked at how suppressing ovulation impacts your sex drive. And the data shows that they've great meta analysis of 32 trials. And it looked at over 14,000 women. And it said that 20, and it said that 20% of women who suppressed ovulation still had an increase in their sex drive. 65% had no change in their sex drive and 15% had a decrease in their sex drive. So I don't want you to think that by choosing some form of contraception, that suppresses ovulation. You know, we'll absolutely have an impact on your sex drive. It's so multifactorial and safety from pregnancy can be so sort of reassuring for patients that that's, you know, definitely not the case. And when we think about how hormone pills can impact your sex drive, we think about sort of the twofold suppression of the hypothermic pituitary access in terms of suppressing your hormones downstream and you're there for ovulation. But also going to ovaries and shutting them down, which then decreases their production of testosterone. So even though yes, we have, you know, biologic plausibility for how contraception impacts your sex drive. There's so much going into this from a bioscico social perspective that we don't see the, you know, equal number of changes in terms of how it actually impacts your sex drive. And so once we sort of identify, okay, you do not want to ovulate, then we can sort of march down, okay, do we want to use, do you need contraception? Do we need to do contraception? But that continues to allow you to ovulate things like a parigard, IUD, spermicides, you know, there's a vaginal pH modifiers. There's many ways that we can provide contraception without impacting your ovulation. Or if contraception is not an issue and you like to ovulate, then we go down the menopause hormone therapy route. If you said that 70% of women would be fine without ovulating anymore, does that imply that 70% of parigandopausal women would be better off on oral contraceptives than on estradiol and progesterone? My patients and, and yes, in my patient panel, they are happier on that. What's, what's really interesting is, I want to talk about so when we think about menopause hormone therapy, we're thinking about 17 beta-astroidal, which is this estrogen, it's an E2 and it's the predominant estrogen when we're in our reproductive years and there's so many benefits to this estrogen, right? There are some new birth control pills on the market that have this 17 beta-astroidal. So it's an fascinating mix where you're suppressing ovulation, you have contraception, but you're potentially still getting the health benefits of being on a 17 beta-astroidal or an estroidal value, which is metabolized into 17 beta-astroidal. And so for my par amenopausal patients, once we establish, okay, do you want to ovulate yes or no, do you need contraception? Yes or no, then we can sort of think through how we pick a pill. Because that would be my concern with an oral contraceptive as a bridge through menopause, which is they're missing out on real estrogen and progesterone. And I think we have pretty good evidence that the benefits you accrue later in life, especially with respect to bone density, but probably with respect to other metrics of health, are heavily dependent on getting real 17 beta-astroidal and real progesterone right away, never having an interruption in those hormones. So if that is correct. I agree with you. I've had if what we believe on that front is correct, then it means any woman who's going to go down the oral contraceptive route would be best receiving that oral contraception in the form of what you just described, which is a real 17 beta. And I guess my next question, I'm worried I know the answer to this question, but I'm going to ask it anyway, what is the cost of that type of oral contraceptive and how often are insurance companies covering that? Rarely covering it. So to sort of. And the out-of-pocket monthly cost on that pill would be 100ish a month. So to incredibly creative. Yeah, it's incredibly prohibitive. So when you, you know, if you were to think about, okay, so now I'm par amenopausal and I don't want to ovulate. The first question is, do I want to be on estrogen? You and I are sort of looting to the fact like, yes, I want to be on estrogen, but a certain kind of estrogen. Remember some people are not candidates for estrogen, right? My greens with or a blood clot, family history. So then, but we still want to suppress ovulation. The newest progesterone on the market is something called, Dr. Spirinone. Dr. Spirinone, the pill is called slind. It suppresses ovulation at about 98% of women, whereas previous progesterone only pills suppressed ovulation 50 to 70% of the time. So you're getting a huge mood benefit for these women who cannot take estrogen, but really don't want to feel the ups and downs of par amenopaus cycling, which can be wild. Dr. Spirinone being a derivative of spirinolactone, there's a diuretic component to it. And so it's a really well tolerated, really exciting. I hope I can convey how excited I am about this, progestin because having just spirinone means that we can mitigate some of the other side effects. And so such as water retention. And so then, okay, so now we've decided, all right, if I don't want estrogen, I'll use slind. This just spirinone only, but ovulation suppressant medication. What if I do one estrogen? Then the branch point is, do I want something synthetic? Said very few people ever, or do I want something more natural said both of us? The people who do end up on a synthetic estrogen are, it's, it's your insurance covers it. It's available at all pharmacies. So there's sort of an access issue here that we would be sort of remiss to ignore. I still have favorite pills. And within that category, I still have pills that I like. And historically, if you interview patients, they may be able to tell you, oh, I did well on this synthetic estrogen. So as we sort of get into the later forties, I care more in terms of getting them back on a more natural estrogen for the reasons you mentioned in terms of bone protein. When you're talking to a 28 year old woman who just needs birth control, you don't have a concern with putting around a synthetic estrogen. I don't. And I still have favorites. So I still, you know, low low esterin. I was just about to say that's my favorite. Yeah. So I use low low esterin a lot. Low low esterin is North and drone, Progestin. The reason why I like North and drone is it's a little bit more endrogenic. The more endrogenic the progestin, the, the, it has the ability to blunt or mitigate the increase in sex hormone binding globulin. Again, I'm talking about pills from a sexual health perspective. There's lots of other ways you could do this, but today this is my angle. And so when you think about super low dose ethanol ester dial, low side effects, plus a, you know, slightly more endrogenic progestin. You then can have a, you know, blunting of the increase in sex hormone binding globulin. It's less likely to gobble up all those extra androgens and patients tolerate it really well. Side effects are there's more bleeding because of the low ethanol ester dial. So sometimes I'll go up to a less, which is a 20 microgram ethanol ester dial. And this has a, we've no gestural, Progestin to it. And this progestin is similarly a little bit more endrogenic, less likely to impact your sex hormone binding globulin. And then my last two very popular jazz and jazzmen. The reason why those are so popular is the progestin in them is just spironone. And so it has that ability to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, more, but diuretic. Exactly it acts as a diuretic. When we think about ethanol ester dial and I, if I could just sort of step out of professionalism for a moment and ask my father and law to tune in because he's a nephrologist. And he would be so excited to hear that I'm going to talk about angio 10cinogen, which is in the kidneys, ester gen goes ethanol ester dial goes to the kidneys. And some 17 beta ester dial goes to the kidneys and causes sodium retention water retention. So when we think about estrogen and how it impacts our bodies, our PMS, our breasts feeling heavy and painful. Bl loading slight waging. This is from, this is estrogen effects. And drosperonone being a derivative of spironolactone can have a mitigating or a diuretic, a blunting effect on that water retention. Dave, if you could tune out now because I might say orgasm soon. But anyways, using this sort of counter acting principle in these newer medications can help me pick a really good synthetic form of contraception. Now, if we're going to go to the natural form, one of the, there's a few combinations that I'm using now that my patients are tolerating really well. The first is to go back to that progesterone, progestin, only pill, progestin, only pill, which is sling drosperonone. And adding it a 17 beta ester dial patch to it. So you're essentially taking an ovulation, suppressive component of contraception, but adding in menopause hormone therapy ester gen. And that's where the benefits are. You get the bone protection, you get the, so from a patients who are on contraceptive pills. But you're saying the progesterone and ruptured, the progestin alone will help with suppression of ovulation, which will harm the sex. Such that you can use physiologic 17 beta ester dial. Correct. That's super interesting. I'm ashamed to admit I didn't know that. So it's a great, this is a great sort of in-between stat because you can call contraception. You can provide your spironov, which is a diuretic, which 17 beta ester dial does have, you know, some sort of water attention components to it. But the downsides to it as the, although these sort of work very well throughout the body, they, at the level of the endometrium or the lining inside the uterus, is you have a little bit more breakthrough bleeding. Because the 17 beta ester dial does not stabilize the endometrium as much. So one of the side effects in limiting reasons for which I won't, my patients won't be happy on this is if they're having breakthrough bleeding. So when there's other options that are better at that. So a newer, that sort of two medications that I want to make sure, you know about, and I have no disclosures, but I'd love to have some. Is, is that the next medication that we think about is next cellus, and next cellus is Drows Spironone, which is the spironovlactone derivative, the diuretic with esterol. Or E4, it's a natural esterogen. It's typically produced by the fetal liver. But this has a longer half life than 17 beta ester dial. So you get less breakthrough bleeding, less spotting. We don't know. We think natural esterogens. You must get bone protection and bone benefit. We don't know yet. It's currently being studied. It's only made by the fetal liver. Correct. So that you have none of this in your body right now. I hope for you. Yeah, I'm less you're taking this. Hopefully not. Yeah. And what do we understand about, and this, we might have to cut this out of the podcast, because it is so freaking nerdy at this point. But we understand how E1, E2 and E3, esterol, esterol, we understand, I mean, if we want to, we can understand exactly how they move between each other. Yeah. Do we understand how E4 fits into that pathway? Does E4 have any conversion back to E2? Or is it going to be a one? Or is it going to be a one? We don't, we don't, we don't totally know. We think it's independent. But with, really, something we do know about E4 is that it does not activate the NGO 10centage in pathway. So you don't get these. So you don't get this swelling. You don't get this swelling. You don't get the bloating. So you have that pluster spironone and patients feel really good. Remember, just spironone is so good for bloating in the end. If we don't know that this has, I mean, until we know if this is going to be protective of bones and all these other things, when there be a risk that we're solving one problem without addressing the jugular problem? Yes, currently being studied, but it is a, the benefits of drows spironone less spotting or breakthrough bleeding than the drows spironone plus menopause hormone therapy level estrogen. But I think by you asking that question and sort of the dedication to making sure that we're on a study in 17 beta ethanol ester dial. The newest medication on the market is called Natasia. And Natasia is a progestin with ester dial valerate, which essentially is 17 beta ethanol ester dial. And this is a huge sort of hugely important contraceptive option for a few reasons. The first is the only contraceptive pill that's been approved by the FDA to treat heavy menstrual bleeding. And this is a huge issue in perimenopause and contributes greatly to sex drive and desire. But this is once you've ruled out fibroids and things that otherwise can't be treated like that are not going to be. This is sort of like, you know, I said that I wanted to stay and sort of the normal pathology part for this for this podcast. If you're Clark to Disseptuous coyote or so an include you'llinental tablets, 2 overall will be about 20% CAR. We'll just continue to look at the guidance of stonterip  patients from the big beta beta Foundation. It will be very helpful with the relief in healthcare times. Benefit categories will cause highly psychological painst coronavirus stress in the brain painst condition, mammal legs to get been immunostoresme, bone in circulation to all out the muscle and distraction to the brain. to suggest micronized progesterone, even at 200 milligrams, which would probably be the upper limit of what we would use. That's not enough to simulate to suppress ovulation, obviously. For 300. 300. 300 plus is what you would need to sort of predictably reliably. But of course, at three, most women can't tolerate them. Two sedating, you know, and additionally, you know, not to be left out is menopause hormone therapy plus aniodee, right? Or menopause hormone therapy plus a salping jack to me removal of the tubes. There's other ways to get at this. But I think that's why I really start at the branch point. Those those points do not block ovulation. So that's why to me, I really care how you feel in relation to ovulation. And that's the branch point and how you decide how to treat my patients. So a lot of what we just talked about probably went over the heads of a lot of people, which is understandable. It is pretty complicated stuff. Um, I want to kind of bring this back to to a listener, right? To me, the takeaway is if you're a woman, um, you've got to show up with a point of view on what you're trying to optimize around. You have to show up on a, you know, you just show up with a point of view around preferences. Um, and this one around, do I like ovulating or not is important? So that's something that regardless of how young a woman is listening to this and, you know, truth be told, I don't think our audience skews very young. But I'm sure there is a 25 year old out there listening. This is something she could be paying attention to right now, right? She's 20 years away from having to deal with what we're talking about. But she can still be pretty receptive to the idea of how do I feel during my cycle? That would be my greatest takeaway and to sort of end to, and to make you aware that that changes, um, that the way in which we feel in the second part of our cycle, um, as our estrogen declines as we age can become more and more dramatic. So it's a very important question to me for everyone and a very, very important question for me for my Perryman Apostle Patience. And how much does that change based on children? And, um, and the number of children in women has or any other factor like that? I, I would feel a little theoretical going into that. I don't think we have great data. There's some, you know, some studies talking about the later, um, in your, you know, the later you have your last child, the earlier you'll go into Perryman Apostles. Um, the way that I think about hormones and, and what happens from a, uh, I think one thing I want to go back to from a neurotransmitter perspective is you ask me about the accelerators and we launched into a discussion about hormones, but we didn't talk about the breaks. Um, and the breaks are, uh, serotonin. Um, so we know about how SSRIs can impact our sex drive and what, you know, we could think about what to do about that. But pro-lactin, um, is a break. And that's really interesting because when in our lives is pro-lactin, breastfeeding, breastfeeding, postpartum. And so women can find this very validating, but from a biologic perspective, we know that pregnancies spaced 18 months apart. That's the a cog or American college of obstetrics and gynecology. They recommend 18 months between pregnancies because that second pregnancy will be healthier. The baby will be bigger. It would more likely to make it to term. So we know that spacing pregnancies is healthy. And so having a high pro-lactin postpartum and keeping you from being interested in sexual and of course, is your body's natural way of spacing out pregnancies for the better? Well, we're in the topic of evolution. There's something I've, I've always wondered, um, that seems a bit at odds with pure, a pure natural selection and this is going to expose how naive my thinking might be. So it's not a surprise that men would have a high sex drive for as long as they are, you capable of reproducing, which is seemingly indefinitely, right? But you could make an argument maybe theoretically that women's sex drive should decline after a certain age, call it 30 or at this. When evolution narrowly, their probability of producing healthy offspring goes down. But I don't think we believe that to be true at all. I don't think we see that women's sex drive goes down as they age, which sort of flies in the face of maybe at least one naive interpretation of what natural selection might interpret. Is there a smarter explanation for why a women's sex drive goes up? Or it doesn't go down, maybe to phrase it more accurately? There are many explanations. You know, this is hard to study. Potentially the most popular one, which the European Society of Sexual Medicine gives like a grade to level B rating. So not super high rating, meaning like case control study. No, no, this is like theoretical. If we can sort of tangent on the theory for a little bit, there's something called women's dual sexuality. And it basically talks about women's motivation to participate in, and of course, being different at different parts of the cycle, meaning mid-cycle when you are able to get pregnant, you are fertile. You are more likely to participate or to want to participate in, in a course for purposes of reproduction. And the mates that you are more likely to select during that time will have features of genetic dominance, such as a very symmetric face, more masculine features. We talk about the histocompatibility complex, and there's dissimilarity that we look for at this time, because we know that mixing and feeding is better than not. And then there's other times of the cycle when you're interested in participating in a course, and you're seeking out things such as partnership, shelter, companionship, protection. And so talking about that. And you're not optimizing around. And you end up with genetic features. And that is effective or less symmetric or less masculine partner. But your partner may have better communication skills, the ability to provide better shelter or protection. It's very interesting. People take this and run with it online, and they talk about, you know, and your 20s, what form of contraception should you be on when choosing a mate? This goes back to that question of, do you want to ovulate or not? Because there's so much this is not an anti-obulation anti-controsception discussion. Your sex life is so multifactorial and being protected from pregnancy is, you know, for many can be such a positive contributor to their sex life. But if you believe in this evolutionary hypothesis, and if you believe that you would rather pick your future mate when you're still ovulating, versus being on something like a contraceptive pill that blocks ovulation, there is some data to show that you may pick a different partnership. The discussion section is, you may want to pick a partner that has a less symmetric face, but is more likely to have a partnership in communication skills. But that's sort of excuse myself from that. You can decide for yourself on that. That is super fascinating. And honestly, there's more to explore there than the simple and obvious stuff I proposed. I want to go now back to some of the other stuff that we talked about around desire. We didn't touch on this, but this must be a very important topic that you deal with, which is how much do adverse sexual experiences during the early part of a woman's life negatively impact her ability to have a healthy sexual life later on? And again, we can, I think we can talk about this across the entire spectrum, right? So we could take the most egregious example, which would be sexual assault, rape, things of that nature. But then we can also, I think, fan this out into things, which is just like, no, you know, the first time I had sex, it was awful. It was in a car in the back seat with a guy that I didn't really know that well, and we were both drunk and yeah, I was consenting, but it was awful. So it's hard to imagine that many women can't relate to that type of experience. How does that play forward? I see it incredibly often in my patient panel. It is unfortunately, you know, if you're listening to this and you have a history of sexual trauma, you are unfortunately not at all alone. And there are things we can do about it. So yes, it plays a part, and yes, we should do things about it. So there are lots of different approaches. You know, I hope that patients are in therapy, and that they have sort of the right support team around them. I want to bring up sex therapists are a great sort of contributor in this area, and sort of thinking about how your experiences are brought into the bedroom and sort of, you know, how do we sort of use a trauma informed approach when sort of talking about how to curate or rousal and bringing yourself to the encounter when you're not quite ready. There are, there's a sense-saint focus exercise that is really evidence-based for survivors of trauma, but can also be very applicable to patients who, for example, are listening to as podcasts and it's been a year or spend six months, and they want to sort of think about how to become intimate again. And it's a, it's a four step program that can be done over a month, over four months. You can sort of pick how long each stage you want it to last. Dr. Lee Amel Hauser, who's done a ton of work in sexual health from a gynecologic perspective, talks about this, and it's essentially, you know, step one is to, you know, let's say spend 20 minutes, a couple of times a week if you want it, the stage to last a week is to sort of be intimate with your partner, no touching of the breast, no touching of the genitals. Step two would be okay to touch breasts in genitals, but orgasm off the table. Step through the orgasms on the table, but no penetrative sex, and step four is penetrating, of course, is allowed. And this is sort of, it's a evidence-based way in which you can create a safe space to sort of start to, you know, find yourself back in your body. There is a book called The Body Keeps Score, which talks about how to bring your sort of mindfulness back into your body when you are a, you know, trauma survivor. And Emily and Agowski talks a lot about it in her book as well. And then there's this sort of potentially less traumatic but still pain that can, you know, sort of presented self in sexual encounters like it just hurt like, you know, I see this a lot in my cancer survivors. Just about to ask you about cancer, but I'm sorry. Yeah, so I see this a lot. Cancer, I often see sort of a two-fold hit. There is this sort of a psychosocial of, I'm mad at my body and I, you know, there's all those sort of complex feelings. Sort of like physiologic aspect of, you know, chemotherapy, radiation and how that impacts pain and lubrication of the vagina and, you know, comfort of hormone use, although, you know, we really feel, you know, quite, quite confident that, you know, local estrogen treatment of the vagina is completely safe. For almost all cancer survivors, Dr. Tammy Rowan talks a lot about this with the, you know, is wish and menopause society sort of, you know, encouraging not only patients, but also doctor. To feel comfortable prescribing local estrogen and this patient population. Physical therapist, pelvic floor physical therapist can be incredibly helpful. I think every woman, you know, if you're sort of making a centenarian plan and you're seeing a physical therapist to keep your posture and your muscles healthy, I think you should see a pelvic floor physical therapist. There, you know, great in terms of increasing the tone of the pelvic floor. We know that strength of contraction can lead to better quality orgasms. I often get emails like, oh, I just had the best sex thanks for sending me to the pelvic floor at this physical therapist. But it also is good for hyper tonicity where your pelvic floor is too tight, where you carry stress and trauma and pain. You know, in terms of thinking about how we take care of the vagina, I would like to encourage you to think about taking care of the vagina like you take care of your face. You listen to my recent podcasts. I did. And I would like to say, so, you know, you're going to go out in the sun. And you put on sunscreen, you put sunscreen on your face. So if you're going to have intercourse, you should use loop. That's just one week. Well, then if a woman says I've never had any difficulty with lubrication, I don't have any discomfort with sex. You still think a woman should be using lubricant. I do the data shows less micro abrasions. And also what I really... And I'm sorry, if you're not concerned with sexually transmitted diseases, which is what the WHO is concerned with. If you're with one partner and only one partner, our micro abrasions are problem. They lead to pain. And once we get into a pain signaling process, you can get, this is a common cause of what we call vaginism, or a tightening of the pelvic floor, which then leads to more pain. It is very possible. And you should absolutely work at it. The breaking of aginism is cycle. It takes a lot of work. And so part of this recommendation that almost everyone should use loop is this idea that we're trying to avoid pain. And we're trying to avoid pain. Do you have any other woman? Yes. This is one of my favorite things to talk to young teens about. You know, when we think about sexual education, and there's a great study looking at 1200 high school students, and we ask them about what we call sexual debut or their first sexual encounter. And then it's for us just first sexual encounter. That includes kissing. No, no, sexual encounter. What defines that? I'm going to guess penetrate a dinner course based off of, yeah. Yeah, yeah. And 70% of boys gave responses related to pleasure. And 70% of girls gave responses related to pain. And that's a big deal. And so talking about foreplay and lubrication even for young women who have an adequately lubricated vagina and decreasing the likelihood that they'll get into pain. That they'll clench up the pelvic floor. It will then hurt more breaking out of that cycle is incredibly important to me. So yes, Lou, if you're going to have sex. Going back to the face. You like there putting moisturizer on your face. Only recently. Only recently. So there's vaginal moisturizer. So if you want to use your vagina when you're older using a vaginal moisturizer, there's good ones on the market. There's reverie, which is a hyaluronic acid suppository. It lowers the peach of the vagina and brings water molecules with it. There's Replains, which is a polycarpiphyl suppository that also recutes water molecules. You're moisturizing. Gear of a vagina. And then sorry, just explained to me how this is used. This is like part of your nightly routine. Yeah, yeah, put on your eye cream. Or moisturizer. Which is more important. For people like evening because I'm looking at what if you're having sex after. So whether you're using a vaginal moisturizer or whether you're using a hormone, which will be the third part of this facial analogy recommendation. If you put it in and you decide you want to have an, of course, like please do. I wouldn't use it for the purpose of it. It's sort of you're playing the long game. Yeah. So if you think about sort of step three with your face, you're using a vitamin C serum or a, you know, DNA repair enzyme or an exosom or whatever. That's sort of the long game in terms of, you know, collagen and overall sort of tone of the face. So hormones would be this sort of counterpartum of vaginal perspective using using a yeah, inter vaginal topical. Um, local estrogen of my patients who are on menopause hormone therapy. About 30 to 40% of them. And that's consistent with with the data are also on local estrogen therapy. So just to be so clear that we treat local vaginal conditions with local treatment for women who don't respond from a vaginal health person. So we treat them with vaginal health perspective to systemic hormones. All right. So let's recap that. So the equivalent of sunscreen was lubrication lubrication. Um, you'd said silicon based. I like it. So silicon based because it is needs it lasts longer. So water based lubricant doesn't last as long. And so in order to make a water based lubricant work, they have to add a lot of additives. You add additives. You get hyper osmolar. Um, lubricants which then if you go back to high school chemistry means that you're actually long game is water molecules are going from the vagina into the lubricant because the osmolality. So it's trying you out melancholy. So I like a silicone based loop. Give us a cup of grand you like Uber loop the osmolab Uber later. Get like what I took care. Yeah, like I took a Uber here. So yeah, I like Uber loop. Okay. The osmolality is 600. Um, I like good clean love almost naked. Osmolality is about 280 to 300. The osmolality of the vagina is 300. Um, it's it's really quite shocking to me when you go to, you know, a drugstore and you sort of pick up, let's say, Astro glide the most, you know, sort of popular. So the osmolality of Astro glide is 8,000. Um, they have a gentler one that's lower. Most people don't know about that. Don't buy it. If you look at KY, it's just around 4 to 6,000. Wow. These things shouldn't be sold. They should not be sold. Um, but they're and they smell good and why are they? Why are they the most ubiquitous loops out there? They taste good or they smell good or they have a cool package or, you know, it's essentially like, you know, Do these, uh, loops say the osmolality on the package? If you look on the back, they should say it. Right. So you want to be basically in the 280 to 300. 300 as close to 300 as you can. Okay. Yeah. Great to know. So Uber, Lou, what was the other one? Good clean love almost naked. That's a long name. They might want to shorten that. Good clean love. Okay. Good clean love. All right. And then the sex. So if that's your sunscreen, um, your moisturizer is a reverie or a replens and these are suppositories that you can put in the vagina nightly. And the suppositories providing what? It is recruiting water molecules into the cells and the reverie is also slightly lowering the pH of the vagina. The lower the pH of the vagina or as close to the, is a natural desirable outcome. And how does a woman know if her systemic hormone therapy? Uh, is insufficient. And therefore she requires topical as the third part of this playbook. If you are going to respond to systemic hormone therapy in terms of. Improvement of pain, dyspruneo we call it. Feels like sandpaper can now. There's this sort of a rubbing raw feeling to the vagina. You'll respond by about six to eight weeks. So I tend to start my patient. Got it. So give it a start. See if things get better. If there's no change. Yeah. If you weren't having pain and nothing gets better. Yeah. You were probably fine. This strikes me as a great example of something that a male who's listening to this podcast, whose female partner is not could actually bring home and talk about over dinner. I'm on the scene the back of my mind. I'm I'm look, I mean, half our audiences men, half our audiences women. So there's a guy who's listening to this episode, who's partner is not. And he's, if I'm in his shoes, I'm thinking, what am I, what am I bringing back to the table? And this would be one of those things, which is, hey, let's have a discussion about these three things. You know, and and so anyway, hopefully we'll link to examples of all of these in the show notes. What percentage of women are regularly receiving oral sex? I don't have that statistic. I'll have to find that and look it up. I will say that when you look at orgasm frequency with any sort of intimate encounter, it is one of the highest likelihood to be able to achieve orgasm acts that a man and a woman can participate in together. There's a great book called She Comes First by Ian Kerner that has diagrams and tips and tricks and talks about essentially how to do that. One of the best way, if you sort of from a performance perspective is to go back to the sort of stages of orgasm that we talked about the excitation, plateau orgasm and resolution. When you think about the plateau phase, that sort of the hormone cascade that's happening in the woman. There's two different ideas in sort of that that are relevant here. The first is something called the approach and the approach is the second sort of moments just prior to orgasm. The first is that the person who is in the right way is to observe two thirds of women report that whatever is happening when the approach starts that it should just keep happening exactly as it is. So no increase in pressure, no increase whatever you're doing, just keep doing it, no change in temperature pressure, speed, depth, nothing. So understanding that is sort of like a key component for most women, but not all can be something that can sort of help you from a performance perspective. The only one that's known as the woman in the man, the woman needs to recognize she's there and have a cue to her partner that says don't change a thing. The guy needs to not try to be a hero and needs to know when she taps my head or whatever it is, don't change a thing. Yeah, and that's the strategy to help women sort of have more of a guaranteed orgasm. And then the contrary is something called edging, which is where you do stop what you're doing and you sort of like bring your partner close to orgasm and then you stop what you're doing and then you can bring your partner close again and then you stop. And this is for women to be able to achieve more of an intense orgasm, this edging technique. So if you were to give a guy a few pieces of advice on how to be more successful at helping his partner achieve orgasm using oral sex and penetration, what would be your advice. Loop, get over it. It's evidence-based, it's for friction and has nothing to do with how interested your partner is in you anatomical awareness. So understanding that there's two these two wishbone nerve pieces enjoy being massaged. Try to explore with your finger two thirds of the way into the vagina on the anterior or the front wall where the G spot is find that rugated area. So, you know, for play, what does that look like for you as a couple? What does it look like outside of the bedroom is it? Is it you made dinner or you put the kids down? What is your chore play? What chores did you did as a part of for play? What nice text messages. There's so much contextual going on. There's really funny. And there's really research pieces that talk about, you know, people who are in the military who are traveling around and there's bombs everywhere and it's really dangerous and men are still like ready to have sex and women are feared for their lives. So, there's, you know, there's women, there's a lot goes into a lot, a little bit more that are a lot more that goes into women's sexuality that I want you to be aware of. There's no need to take this personal. I hope today sort of understanding, you know, a rousal versus desire, responsive desire and it's homically thinking about not just the tip of the clitoris. Although many men haven't even thought of that, but in addition to the tip of the clitoris. The wishbone structures that go down, the anterior wall of the vagina thinking about, you know, what phase of orgasm your partner's in is she in the excitement phase is she in the plateau phase or is she sort of in in the orgasm phase. And what does that look like? What about little details like for example, if you're stimulating the clitoris, is it just very individual variation up and down side to side around like individual variation. And is this something where a guy should just ask a woman and say, hey, how do you like this done or is a woman put off by a guy asking that? In my dream world, these conversations would take place. There's books that walk you through how to have these conversations, the sex talks book that I mentioned by Vanessa Marin, she writes it with her husband. So you get sort of both perspectives. You think, you know, that website, omg.com actually teaches women how to find the different techniques. So they go over, you know, a hard stroke, a round stroke, a gentle touch an internal touch. They actually teach women. And yeah, I have a dream that women would, you know, go to this website and learn for themselves how to do it and talk to their partners about it. Men can also go to the website. It's a look a one time flat fee website. Then you have access to all of their content. And it walks you through different techniques. So you can actually learn and talk about with your partner what she likes. All right. Let's pivot a little bit and talk about sort of the pharmacology of arousal. We've talked a little bit about it through a hormone perspective. And we've obviously talked about how testosterone and particular, but also estrogen and progesterone player role in in the arousal of a woman. But there are also drugs that are specifically used to target this. What can you tell us about them? There are a couple in particular that that I know have come up on this podcast previously. So using that sort of accelerator and break analogy. Many of the medications will work on one or both of those pathways. The two most common medications and the only two that are FDA approved for women are adi, which is a pill in Vilecy, which is an injection. They work along the M.A.O.I. pathway on increasing nor up in effort and dopamine and decreasing serotonin. So if you go back to those neurotransmitters thinking about serotonin as a break. So they decrease that. Nor up in effort and dopamine to the rewards center of the brain and they increase those. I don't use them a ton in practice. They are studied for, they are not studied for postmenopausal women. Adi is a nightly pill. You take it for six weeks or you take it forever. But after it takes about six weeks before you can see benefit to it. In the trial for which it was FDA approved, it increased your number of satisfying sexual encounters by one. So you went from having like two to two-ish satisfying sexual encounters a month to three-ish satisfying sexual encounters. You can't drink alcohol on it. It can cause nausea for some people. It can interact with anti-depressants and mood stabilizing drugs. It's not a contraindication but can change the way in which they work. I just don't use it very much. How much is this drug cost? I don't know the answer to that. Why do you think this drug was approved with such limited efficacy? It's statistically significant to go from what's a two-ish to three-ish satisfying sexual encounters. But there was a social movement at the time. There was frustration about how easy it was for Viagra to be approved. The data for Viagra men is much more clear and easy to see. This is women's sex drive is very complex and this is potentially one angle at improving it. But it's a bit of a bad analogy. Viagra is not really a drive drug. It's a performance drug, right? It's a performance drug that ultimately can impact drive as well. But it also impacts, are there any data that show that Viagra or Cialis or any phosphodastric inhibitor improve orgasm quality in women? They've looked at Viagra a great deal. The studies do not show for women across the population level when study that it impacts driver gastric quality, except when looking at a specific patient population. So when you look at Viagra, the patients who had an improvement in their quality of sex, be it dry or orgasm quality, etc. Or women, diabetics, N.S. multiple sclerosis, spinal cord patients and SSRIs. These are women who we think that the vasodilation of the nitric oxide and the physiologic response. That they have to Viagra, dose at 25 to 50, you know, one to two hours prior to anticipated intercourse can be helpful. Let's go back to Adi, the pill. When I talk about one satisfying sexual encounter, you know, improved per month, like remember that that's compared to placebo. So there is still a great placebo benefit here and for many that's, you know, exciting and fine to introduce into their life. Viagra is an injection. You may get questions about it from your patient panel because it's similar to the peptide PT-141. Malanotan, this sort of has the, the, the, the street name is the barbie drug because it works through the MCR4 or the Malanacordicin pathway. So you, you get tan and pretty happy and, and horny is what they say. So they call the barbie drug for that reason. There's a significant amount of nausea. You inject yourself for the first two hours. There's about 40% of women will have nausea. I often prescribe so-foran and antide nausea medicine when I prescribe this drug. After two-ish three-ish hours, the nausea can go away and then the drug lasts for up to six hours. You can't use it more than twice a week. But this had slightly sort of similar efficacy to adi in terms of improving your sex drive. When, when I hear that a drug causes that much nausea and you can only use it twice a week. I worry that it's doing something unhelpful as a side effect beyond what you just said. Do you have a concern with long-term use of this drug? It has not been, it's been out since 2019. We don't have particularly long-term data on it. I have the same, you know, questions. People anecdotally do like it. But I do think there's a great placebo effect going on here. Do you think one is better than the other? It's really hard for me to convince patients to inject themselves with a shot prior to, you know, an hour or so prior to intercourse. It doesn't really feel so- It's a preloaded end. It goes socially, yes, that's easy. Well, yeah, I guess it speaks to, obviously, the magnitude of the problem. I don't suppose these drugs have been compared head to head to testosterone. I don't believe that they have no. I assume that it would be prudent to make sure a woman's testosterone has been pushed to the physiologic limits before you would engage with any of those drugs. I just prefer testosterone, which to be clear testosterone is sort of from a guideline perspective, recommend it only in the post-menopausal woman. So if we're going to sort of stay in the, you know, where is most of the data? You know, when do I ever use these drugs? So this is in the premenopausal premenopausal premenopausal. For an FDA perspective? Exactly. So if you're like, you know, why even use these? This is studied for premenopausal testosterone is postmenopausal. But there's a lot of sort of behavioral interventions which I've already mentioned. And then, you know, sort of more off-label would be cannabis. There is some pretty good data now that we have in some states, you know, legal THC. That opens up for researchers to study and investigate. And there's really good trials talking about cannabis and your ability to have more satisfying sexual encounters. But it is dose dependent. So when we think about T, when we think about cannabis, I'm probably an inverted you shit. It's inverted. Yeah. So it's specifically THC. We around one to two milligrams is the recommended dose. Anything higher for some can be sedating to speak to your sort of inverse relationship, which adversely affects your sexual experience and desire to participate. But around one to two milligrams patients report that they have more satisfying orgasms or, you know, have a hyper awareness of their senses. Sex drive is higher. It's quite significant in the data. Much more significant than the medications they've already talked about. And one to two milligrams. So is that through any form, edible, inhaled? How do we even, I don't know enough about how do you dose inhaled and know this getting that amount? You know, so first, you know, if this is an illegal substance where you live, it is not a recommendation. If it is legal, there are safer ways to ingest THC smoking, vaping, obviously have a great impact on the lung, or you know, incredibly worried about that. One of the best ways to sort of dose adjustments to get name brand THC. So there are brands out there that have, you know, unregulated, but some, you know, but arguably quite standardized dosing of gummies and you can get, you know, one milligram or a two milligram or a five milligram. And is one milligram, um, altering a sense is it all? For most people. Yeah, it's pretty low for most people. It's sort of a heightened sense response in terms of physical sensibility to appreciate orgasms. But not enough to cause like paranoia or, you know, things like that. Munchies. True for men and women are just women. Both. Interesting. Let's talk about pregnancy for a minute. What is happening to a woman's arousal during pregnancy? Again, if you go back to my naive evolutionary view, now I can modify my view, by the way. So my view would have been a pregnant woman should not want to have sex at all because any amount of penetration puts the feed is at risk. However, based on what you taught me a few minutes ago, there's another reason for her to have sex during pregnancy, which is to keep her male partner around to protect her and hopefully their child. So I assume it's a balancing act of those things. So how does that shake out in the real world? What do we actually observe about a woman's sexual desire during pregnancy? And what are the do's and do's? So complex is you can imagine and yes, that would be the evolutionary approach to it. From a medical perspective, because I think it might scare some women to say, you know, it puts the fetus at risk to be clear in a healthy pregnancy in the absence of a contraindication, a low lying placenta, a low lying blood vessel or a cervical insufficiency, which we would pick up on in routine ultrasound. Sexual health sex during pregnancy is completely safe, totally fine, and has a lot of relationship and psychosocial benefits. Is there a point that, which laid enough in the pregnancy where you would recommend a woman not have intercourse? In the absence of a, you know, pathology, absolutely not. Wow, okay. We know that for many women sex during pregnancy can be quite intense in the pleasurable category. The reasons for this are the neurotransmitters, right? You have super high levels of estrogen and oxytocins, so that can make for a more pleasurable experience. There's more blood flow to the genital area, so the contractions of the muscles are sort of more, or more intense, the blood vessels are sort of bringing more heat to the area. And then for some women, I wish this for all women to feel sort of safe and supported and bonding with a partner in pregnancy, but that's done not the case for all. Post pregnancy, what do you advise your women, assuming they've had a normal, well, let's start with a vaginal versus c section. So for women has had a c section, what do you think is the right time for her to go back to sexual activity, pending her desire? We don't change the recommendation of for when to resume sexual activity, post vaginal birth or c section. It's six weeks across the board. That's the time when you go see your doctor, they check you out, they make sure everything is well healed. It sort of sits uneasy for a lot of people to say, well, gosh, like why would, why is it the same recovery time for both? The c section is so much bigger. The thought process is that by six weeks, you should have complete healing from the c section. In the absence of complications. And we're more sort of from a hormonal physiologic perspective, making sure that the uterus has shrunk down a significant amount that you're not at increased risk of infection by having things in the vagina. You're a good candidate to have contraception at that time, so we can provide you with protection from future pregnancies. But I think from a postpartum perspective, you know, maybe reason number 15 why I love your podcast and why love Rachel Rubin is she recently published on the Genedow urinary syndrome of lactation, which basically talks about the hypostrogenic or the low estrogen state of the vagina postpartum and how that mimics the pathophysiology of women in menopause. And so for a lot of my patients who are breastfeeding, who have high pro-lactin, who have low estrogen, I'm prescribing them the estrogen cream that I'm prescribing my postmenopausal women to sort of keep the vagina as healthy and sort of moisturized as possible. Does an episiotomy affect the ability to resume in a course after pregnancy or is that usually healed by six weeks as well? I hope is that it's healed but unfortunately pain from tearing in general or episiotomies which are to be clear out of fashion in the absence of an emergency. We don't do routine episiotomies, the data is clear against those, but we do see that any sort of tearing or cutting that happens. We can lead to pain which can lead to dysprunea pain with sex and therefore we have you know, drive issues and sexual health issues as well. Another thing to think about from a postpartum perspective is how these, you know, these insults of pain can sort of manifest into something bigger than they are. So initiating, you know, sort of participating in sex before you're ready and having a painful sexual experience can cause tightening of the pelvic floor, or rigidity in the muscles and can set into motion a pain cycle that then takes you know future pelvic floor physical therapy to break that pain cycle. You alluded to sexual education a number of times I have to be honest a little naive. I don't really know what's being taught in sex ed. I don't even really remember what I learned in sex ed although I remember watching these really embarrassing movies that's on a VCR that's about the extent to it. You were sex ed, ZAR appointed from a top the mountain. How would you design the curriculum? How would it differ for boys versus girls when would you initiate it? So if I were a queen of sex ed, I would get away from the fear based, don't get pregnant, don't get an STD, you know, don't don't don't don't you're going to get HIV sort of fear based counseling and really provide the The first thing is important though. They are important, but there has to be some actual education in terms of pleasure and anatomy and pathophysiology. This is not a podcast talking about you know the plight of women. I have as a mom to four boys. I'm equally committed that boys are as educated as girls are and I care that my boys care about the experience that their potential future partners might have with them. Women's sexuality is complex. It's the anatomy you cannot see as well as you can see with that just sort of the nature of the fact that you know in a bunch of boys are in a locker room. They can see other boys anatomy. They see the differences. They understand that that's healthy. Women don't often see other, you know, girls don't often see other girls vaginas as clearly as as you know boys see other penises and so normalizing through you know the the labia, you know librarian and realizing what's normal and understanding the literal nerve for both boys and girls thinking about safe ways to sort of explore intimacy. If you don't provide them with information content such as you know OMG yes and and teaching them about how to explore their anatomy they will turn to porn. And we have great data that almost all of the porn is not healthy for teens in terms of setting expectations that are unrealistic. Both anatomical and sort of describing you know penetrative penis and vagina sex is the way that women have like screaming orgasms that's just not accurate. And so it sets expectations for encounters that are just not obtainable and leads to you know disappointment and self confidence issues. So I'd love to for for for the you know sexual education to be informative from an anatomical physiologic accurate pleasure based perspective and talk them through how to have safer encounters. So this is obviously near and dear to your heart. What is. What is the way in which you're going to communicate with your boys about this in an environment where they're growing up in a world that you me or husband like we just can't relate to right like I've made this point before I think with with Rachel on the podcast like when I was growing up porn was a black and white playboy or something right like it's a totally different thing. So what what what what are you going to do and what is your advice for other parents out there who have growing boys and girls for that. Yeah, I think I don't distinguish the genders you know as as much I think that you know pull I think that education about all bodies should be provided to all people. And you know so first it's sort of like you know using the correct verbage and anatomical no manclature calling a penis the penis and you know calling a vulva of vulva and sort of normalizing this is a part of your health. So there's also a mission for uh. Is still there a  or half A there's a? So I do really super. You you know, where are the first parts of this world? And you know now is it says hey yoh and I those are amazing things that we did in your  no part so you know I just will ask myself what are you thinking of so-called of their body, it's normal, it's healthy, it's a part of your health or gasm is healthy, but it should be done in a private place. And sort of how you interact with what is consent, what are the components to consent, what does that look like? You know, is it specific? Is it enthusiastic? Is it persist as the activity changes? Is there a timeline on it? Like thinking thinking about all the different ways that we think about consent? And then sort of changing the way that sort of society allows its perceptions to trickle into what we think of in terms of safety. So for example, you know, as a culture we tend to say that, you know, penetrative sex, penis and vagina is sort of the end all, you know, top of the pyramid, most intimate act you can do with someone. But condoms are relatively quite effective at preventing sexually transmitted diseases when used, you know, in a penetrative sexual encounter. People don't really use protection when performing oral sex, either, you know, women on men or men on women. And so as we see the rise of the, you know, herpes across college campuses, this is an intervention that we really need to talk about. If you're at a party and you're with someone and you want to be intimate with them, having penetrative intercourse with a condom on is safer and less likely to transmit a sexually transmitted disease than if you're going to perform oral sex on each other. And so thinking about it from a safety perspective and not a cultural perspective would be another sort of key foundational change that I think needs to happen. And also sex education needs to change. Like what we talk about in, like, did you have sex education in college? What about grad school? What about Perry menopause and menopause? There's sort of needs to be an evolving door in terms of, you know, different providers coming in and talking and educating because our body's change, our physiology changes and our needs change. And this is not a like eighth grade one hour, you know, split the boys and girls talk about it kind of a thing. But coming back to this specific issue, how much of an issue is pornography for young boys and what, what is the solution? Like it's not going to get regulated away, right? Although there are some states where at least age verification is required. I don't know how effective that is, but I assume it's, I mean, that's a step in the right direction. So my strategy in general when thinking about don't do this is always to do it, don't do this, do this. So it is sort of like introduce what you should do instead of what you should. And so let's introduce something healthy. So what does a healthy sexual life look like? There are, you know, the poor industry is, you know, there are parts of it that have evolved. There is, you know, healthier informational videos that you can watch if you're looking for a rousal. There are healthy ways to have an orgasm and to interact with another human being. And talking about how you, you know, bring someone into your life, that's healthy and how you have what, you know, what frequency is healthy for both of you. And if you're not getting that, like, to what ends do we go to get an elsewhere? And, you know, what are you searching for? Is it a dopamine release? Is it, you know, what can we add in a replace of that neurotransmitter release that you're looking for? Is there a crisis of intimacy in young people? I've heard this a lot, but again, I just don't know the data, but I keep hearing that people in their 20s today are becoming less and less intimate over time relative to a decade ago, two decades ago. And so first of all, I don't know if that's something you know, but is that, is there a, I don't. I, I sort of have the same anecdotal experience in my clinical practice where I have very lonely, less intimate, 20-year-old, you know, women in my practice would have asked, you know, and when I, when I take a sexual health history, which, which I always do, you know, there is, there is a lot lacking there. And we could, you know, it would be a whole another podcast to talk about AI and how that's going to sort of, you know, replace intimacy and how we can use that for a rousal and things like that. But I think it's something to think about. So I guess maybe final thoughts. What are you most concerned with right now, as you think about your, your, your professional world? And what are you most excited about? I'm most excited about the new information that we have coming in about hormone options in terms of how we provide menopause, hormone therapy and how we treat perimenopause and the new types of estrogen and progestin and how we tinker with those and moderate those to optimize women and how they feel. This is super personalized, super individualized medicine and we want to do this as physicians. We love doing this. But I think the more research that's coming out and the more, you know, drugs available make it really fun to be a part of. So that's definitely my area of passion right now. In terms of concerns, do I have to have a concern? I guess I just have another passion, which is that I, I, I think, where I think the world is changing and I think we're, I think people are ready for it. I'm ready to push it there. You're pushing it there. I think it's really exciting to think about sexual health as a part of your health and talking about it in a various sort of like generic safe place from a physiologic perspective. Think about all the people you can get on your team to to help you, you know, sex therapists and pelvic floor physical therapists and how to tinker with your hormones and behavioral interventions. And I love thinking about couples listening to this podcast together and trying different things. And, you know, seeing this as, you know, potentially orgasm as another biometric or, you know, sexual satisfaction as another sort of longevity lever that we pull when improving, you know, the happiness and health of our lives. I think that's an awesome way to to close this discussion. And I definitely appreciate the optimism and lack of pessimism around it. So thanks again for all of this insight. I learned a lot as is often the case with podcast. So thank you. Thank you for having me.