We can't get out of this podcast without me understanding the difference between lasers, micro abrogens, micro needleing, chemical peels. I can't understand any of these things, but you mentioned resurfacing, you mentioned my skin sucks. So clearly before I go on the path of my rejuvenating anti-aging protocol, I might as well do something to fix the situation we have going on here. And so tell me about sure I think we can do a crash course. I know this podcast is running long, but it's just a massive subject to cover. The start with lasers. Yeah. I mean, could we take one step back, maybe? Please. And talk about the difference between a blade of a non-ablative and maybe talk about peels. So maybe the way to go is there are various technologies that will that will in a controlled manner injure the skin to harness the body's natural healing cascade, which then will produce the aesthetic benefits we're looking for, which is more college and production. Smoother skin, less pigment issues. And that's the goal, right? And so the bottom line is there's a relationship with how aggressive the treatment is and how much of an aesthetic improvement should going to get. But the more aggressive it is, the more downtime there is. So that's always the kind of balancing act. And that's why there's such a confusing array of options that exist because there's a huge spectrum going from the least invasive, which has least result to the most aggressive with the best result. And so I guess to generalize, there are treatments that are not truly a blade of meaning. They're going to penetrate through the skin. And then there are treatments that are, shall I, I think hopefully I set that up for uses and to maybe go from there. So that's the definition. A blade of means it penetrates the skin? No, yes, a blade of yes and non-ablative, not doesn't penetrate the skin. So what are the non-ablative, which are presumably the less severe, which means shorter recovery time, less overall response? So non-ablative things, you can start with even your topical skin care vision, because that is going to be model the skin and set the stage for you to even prime it. So you make more collagen. And then you can do things such as light chemical peels, which are only going to affect the epidermis of the skin. You can do things like non-ablative fractional lasers. And those are going to again, send tiny, fractionated beams of light onto the very surface of the skin. And just damage the upper layers of the epidermis, and that's going to stimulate a cascade of cytokines to build on the collagen and texture, but it's going to be minor. And they might help with some minor pigmentation issues. Those are non-ablative devices for resurfacing. What was the last one? Not a fractional, non-ablative fractional lasers. We also have non-ablative vascular lasers. Those are lasers that are going to penetrate with a beam of light to hit the dilated blood vessels and people who have rosacea. And it's a brand name on one of a non-ablative fractional. Faxle or a clear embrilliant? Okay, that's a bit of a... And it's a bit of a... Yeah, there are different ones. So, Faxle has multiple different ones. Clear embrilliant is just superficial. And then you have non-ablative things like vascular laser that will help treat broken blood vessels, scars, texture change. And that one, even though it's a shadowing some of the dilated blood vessels deep in the skin, it's not leaving an open wound on the surface. So when we say non-ablative, there might be things happening deep down, but the surface of the skin is intact. So there's no raw wound. You might want to pause on that category for one second, just because that is probably one of the most high yield areas for someone to try out as an initial kind of intervention at a, you know, with a physician or provider. Because the downtime's easy. We're talking about non-ablative, you know, like, for example, intense pulse light or broadband light, which is IPL or BBL for short. Those are in the category that Susan just mentioned of non-ablative light treatments. And it's a huge, huge category. There are so many devices in this category that it would be kind of silly to even list them. But they're very effective in that they don't have a lot of downtime and produce improvements that are real for patients. Starting to run. I just thought I was just pause there for one second. Absolutely. And actually the last one. So the boxy is another non-ablative. So I'd have to look and see what the technology on Moxie is. Okay. If it's, if I'm not mistaken, I think that one might be a radio frequency micro-needling. I think that's right. Yes. So that one is a little bit. It depends. It is semi-ablative because you're literally piercing the skin with a bunch of needles. Got it. And delivering radio frequency energy through those needles. And those will seem like college, college-en. So anything that generates heat in the skin to a certain level, to a certain temperature, I should say, will then cause the formation of something called heat shock protein. And that causes a whole cascade of other activity within the dermis of the cells. The dermis of the skin to make you produce collagen, elastic, shrink the overactive sebaceous glands, and reduce some of the dilated blood vessels. So there is a lot of benefit beyond just treating the vasculature that you see. So I tell patients, like for example, if we treat the arosatia and they get improvement after two or three sessions, they should come every year and repeat it. Even if the arosatia is quite, because it really does help with anti-aging. And so from that standpoint, those are non-ablative. And then if we go to a blative, we've got deeper chemical peos. They've got the modified TCA peos. We've got modified phenol peos. And then we have our ablative and... So we don't need to worry about brand names at this point. We're really talking to the practitioner in saying, do we want to move into an ablative peol? I'm going to get a better result, but I'm going to have a greater downtime. And presumably I need to do it less frequently. Yes. And that's exactly what you said is key. I think the big mistake is to come in and say, oh, all my friends are having moxie, I want moxie. Let's talk about what it is. We might have something that does similar results, or maybe even something that does better results. And maybe it's not the right choice for you, even though you're friend. It's a family. It's a family. And so the field is so confusing to consumers. And honestly, even practitioners, because it's a gold rush, right? There's so much money to be made in this area. Every company is getting private equity money and getting an FDA approval for some kind of device because they want a piece of the action. And they're purposefully confusing everybody because it's like snake oil. You know, it really wants to sell their product. And some of the products work well, some don't. Any products you think people should just absolutely avoid? Just based on lack of efficacy. No, but I do caution my younger patients. The ones who are under the age of 40, even up to 45 in some cases, to really avoid doing things such as ultrasound tissue tightening, radio frequency tissue tightening at that young of an age, because there is some fat activity that happens. And I would caution against premature aging their face. Yeah, I agree. I mean, those are the categories that are probably have the most hoop law with the least effect. Yep. Is ultrasound based energy. And look, I mean, there once was a time where that was the only non-surgical option for tightening the neck, but it didn't do a great job in most people of left to by the wayside. I like it though, in addition to a biostimulatory filler. So you inject a little sculpture under the skin, and then you come over it with a... Automatic properties. Can't exist for the devices. And that's what I was going to say is, you know, if you know your physics with all these devices, you can achieve so much with your lasers beyond what the company tries to sell you. How do you then decide? I understand why I understand that fork in the road between a blade of a non-ablative, but let's say once you commit to an ablative therapy, how are you deciding between a chemical peel, a laser, a micronetal? And I vaguely remember my wife telling me something or overhearing her and her friends saying that if you had malasma, you couldn't do this one, but you could do this one. What are some of the do's and don'ts, as you navigate that? So I think there are a lot of nuances this conversation, but to generalize a little bit, chemical peels are generally safe for all skin tones, generally. Laser resurfacing, a blade of laser resurfacing, can be riskier for higher-fizpatric skin types that have more pigmentation. Because the melanin cells are sitting deeper in the skin, and the deeper the laser goes, the more it can create permanent injury and pigment cells and create permanent pigment problems. Whereas the chemical peels you can control that depth a little differently. And so that's one, I would say generalization that's probably worth mentioning. I should not do a laser peel because I'm a... You can have a laser, but you're the kind of person who needs a lot of preparation and caution heading into it. You would need to probably get onto a regimen to control your pigment cells with hydrochlorine. Why would I bother? Like why would I take their risk? Why not just do it? It can be better. I see. So I guess just to complete the conversation about the different categories, the most effective, non-surgical skin interventions are in the category of a blade of lasers and phenol peels because they go the deepest. And TCA, I'm going to have to throw that in there. TCA, sure, TCA. TCA peels are something that should be done by someone who's really not what they're doing. And so going to your point, how do I choose? Sometimes on the same patient, I'll do all three. So on most of their face, I may do a medium depth TCA peel, especially because I can get the ears, I can get into the brows, I can feather onto the neck, into the hairline, so I don't leave any area unre-surface. And the medium depth peels are going to go just to the level of what's called the papillary dermis, which is the sweet spot for tissue tightening. And peels of that sort. And this is TCA or phenol. TCA. And these peels penetrate in the prickly into pores. So I love peels for large pores. And you'll see the solution sitting in the pores and they'll just go a little bit deeper just in those pores. And as the tissue heals, they'll contract. Then I may take a patient who has very deep, perioral lines and use my fractionated, oblative CO2 laser on those. And then someone with redundant skin on the lower eyelids will take my phenol peel and apply it there. So in one sitting, the patient might have all three. But I'm going to pick and choose where I do it. In some patients, I may be depending if they don't want an eye lift. Or I didn't eye lift on them a number of years ago and they're just trying to get redundant skin. I may just oblate that tissue with either my laser or the phenol peel and get a mini eye lift again. That might buy them with two or three more years. I'm Peter Ratee. The cast relies exclusively on premium subscribers for support, which allows us to provide all our content without taking a single penny from advertisers. I believe this keeps my content honest, making it a trusted resource for listeners like you. As a premium member, you'll get immediate access to our entire back catalog of AMA episodes and all future AMA episodes. You'll get longevity, focused premium articles packed with actionable insights. You'll get unrivaled show notes for each and every episode of the drive, every topic, every study, every resource from each episode carefully curated for you. You'll get quarterly podcast summaries where you'll learn my biggest personal takeaways from the previous 90 days of expert guest episodes and much more. This journey doesn't have to be navigated alone. We can take these steps towards a better, longer life together. Become a premium member today at PeterRateeMD.com forward slash subscribe to join me in a shared commitment to a healthier future.