How far into this relationship or you broaching medical decision-making power of attorney, things like that? I mean, these are, and are those difficult discussions in that they require sort of a cognitive acceptance like I'm actually now putting medical decision-making into someone in his hands who are not my own because in the future, I'm going to lose the capacity to make those decisions. I mean, how difficult the discussion is that? I think it really depends on the person, right? And how, you know, have they really truly managed all of those decisions by themselves or they're used to some back and forth or they have a different model that's quite intertwined. So for some people, that's really hard to imagine. I think in my experience, like in the neurologic illness space so often, if a patient has someone which not all do, that person's coming to visits, right? Because they've been showing signs where they're not remembering or, you know, they couldn't get to the doctor's office on their own or get the Zoom up by themselves, et cetera. So they're often presenting with somebody else and there's immediately another person to engage with their experience. What are some questions you're going to ask that patient as their cognition is declining? And things that you need clarity on from them, their wishes. What do you want to understand? Well, you brought up advanced directives and advanced care planning. And so let's just spend a moment on that. That's, we should all, if you're 18 in this country, you should have an advanced directive. And my guess is, virtually nobody who's young and healthy has one. That's true. Hey, virtually anyone who's older and isn't healthy has one. Exactly. You know, we ask these questions in studies and also just casually, if you give a talk. Yeah, how many people have an advanced directive? Maybe 20% of people raise their hand. How many people think advanced directive is really important? Like most people raise their hand. So there's none of us, many of us are not doing the thing we know we're supposed to do. We just, it's just deferrable thing like life insurance. Uh, you know, anyway. So one sort of public service announcement here is advanced directive is very important. You can download a form online. Yes. Like this is a freak that you don't need a lawyer to do. You do not need a lawyer to do this. So, um, and the most important thing to come out of an advanced directive, if you have to pick some of the questions that gets asked, it's probably the proxy. If God forbid you all the sudden, you know, an accident or something happens and we can't ask you Peter, what kind of care is important to you? Who do you want speaking on your behalf in such a moment as that? And that's probably the most important question to get clear on. And you know, why would a young, a young, healthy person think about that? So my first advanced directive, I was in my late 20s when I actually finally did it, even though I have been in these conversations for a long time. And I, I one day was imagining, you know, something unexpected happening, not being able to participate in a conversation lying in a hustle of it. I was imagining my parents who do not speak to each other, trying to make decisions over their child. And my, you know, casual partner at the time, you know, mostly casual partner at the time, kind of sitting there trying to figure out how they belonged in the scene. And I was like, I don't want that for them. Regardless of what happens to me and my body, or you know, what they actually choose, like to actually put myself in the position of the people that those choices would default to. Yeah. I didn't want that for them. I didn't, you know, if I was at all sentient, I definitely didn't want to hear it. But I didn't want them in throes of totally unexpected grief to be trying to negotiate that, really, surely. It's an awesome responsibility. I, I'm very honored to say the number of people that have asked me to be the decision maker for them. I can't imagine how many have asked you this BJ, but I mean, there are more than a dozen friends who have asked me this. And I say the same thing to all of them, which is it's an honor to do it, but we have to sit and talk. Yes. Like, it's not, you can't hand me that stick and just sign my name on there, because I, like, we're going to have dinner. We're going to have a bottle of wine. Yeah. We are going to talk in this through. I need to know how to do this job. You need to know how to do this job. You need to understand what you want and don't want. Yeah. Good on you. Because a lot of people don't do that. And again, the job is not for you to emphasize. It's not my will. Yeah, exactly. The job is for you to honor the other persons, which is speak on their behalf. So to do that well, you have to know the person's wishes. And that's not a couple of questions. That's a big old conversation. And just as you do with the bottle of wine and dinner, like that's what we're doing with patients. You're setting a table that's comfortable, often you're sitting, you're asking intimate questions. As providers, you may be sharing intimate details, too, as part of a relational set a table for intimate things to happen. So I just want to borrow your table setting there. That's what we do, too. It's a important piece of getting to this level of detail. So and it's also true, like you don't have those conversations once. Then when a bridge is saying a lot of really important things, I want to double click on another thing. Like that the advanced rective, the conceit is problematic right out of the shoots. You're asking someone to put themselves in this future-oriented position where they're in a situation that they can't imagine, where they can't speak, and so what will they want then? It's a problem that's as best as we have, but it's a problematic tool. And as people move through life with illness or disability, their realization of what they can or might like to live with shifts. We have data around this. You ask a bunch of healthcare providers. If you were to broaden your own emerging department, quadruplegic from an accident, would you want your colleagues to save your life? Most providers say, hell no, I could never live like that. No, go ask most people who live with quadruplegia. If they're happy to be alive and say, yeah, I couldn't have imagined. But you know, same with me, I, okay, you're going to lock three limbs off. You could cool that? Like no, no. But then you know, as it goes in this life, we are adaptive. We have capacities that we don't know until something comes long to pull them out of us. So part of this mind-bendervative-estructive is to allow room for that for a person's sense of themselves and their capacity to change in any direction. So with all of that, as a preamble to say, you have these conversations over time, multiple times, and let the person change over time. I think it's also like this is one of those places where you want to focus on the things that are important to you, the experiences that are central to good days, to meaningful time because, you know, having counseled a lot of people actually in the acute moments of having to make these decisions, being able to reorient them towards like, you know what I've heard you say is that your dad was always in his garden. He wanted to be at home. Like if he could hear your voice, that's what was important to you, blah, blah, blah. Like the ventilator doesn't get us there. Right. That, the, what are we moving towards is, uh, is much more motivating than not doing X, Y, and Z, not into bathing, not resuscitating, because those things for most people, like exist from scenes from TV shows, and are still pretty far away. But we can really, but it is easier for people to choose, like the scene that we're going towards, that they can square against how they knew their person. Um, so I, I sort of, I mean, there's, there are people who are very clear about A, B, and C interventions being something that they would never want. And, and I certainly honor that maybe I hold it with a little bit of grain of salt, but I honor it, but I'm more interested in what I have been asked to be in that role to understand, you know, what, what makes this person's life, not because it's going to perfectly translate like, if I can't dance under the full moon in Bali, like my life is not enough, and you're like, okay, but what if you get like to see the full moon from your bed, like, is that, you know, like, we, we, I don't know. That's, that's a really important point where did I never thought of it that way? I, I probably have just always had a bias towards, okay, what are the things we don't want to do? What are the things we don't want to do, right? We talk, like, think about medical link, oh, DNR, DNR, no chess pounding, no intubation, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, but I like this framing better of, okay, like, what are the minimum set of requirements you need to have to be really to distill hold some delight in life, and, you know, what do we need to get you there? That, those are the, those are the steps we'll take. There's some language around that Peter, by the way, there's a movement to change DNR to A&D, allow natural debt, to get away from the things we're not doing, and the things that we're are doing, just to make that point in it. Interesting, because that, because that, has that taken hold yet? I don't know that it's taken hold, but there's an effort to, dry. I like that. Yeah. I think you're going to, your point is in really, if we have a single rolling, even if we have to be very flexible and allow our mind to change on route, that's just a much more viable, it's much more, it's a much more deliberate path, and it's also very helpful for those around us to know what to do versus just not to do. I'm Peter Atia. This podcast relies exclusively on premium subscribers for support, which allows us to provide all our content without taking a single penny from advertisers. I believe this keeps my content honest, making it a trusted resource for listeners like you. As a premium member, you'll get immediate access to our entire back catalog of AMA episodes, and all future AMA episodes. You'll get longevity, focused premium articles packed with actionable insights. You'll get unrivaled show notes for each and every episode of the drive, every topic, every study, every resource from each episode carefully curated for you. You'll get quarterly podcast summaries where you'll learn my biggest personal takeaways from the previous 90 days of expert guest episodes and much more. This journey doesn't have to be navigated alone. We can take these steps towards a better, longer life together. Become a premium member today at PeterAtiaMD.com forward slash subscribe to join me in a shared commitment to a healthier future.