So what do you say to parents who's listening to us, who's kind of trying to navigate this for their child and they don't live in the Bay Area so they don't get to come and see you? What questions are they asking? What are they trying to do to find the best care for their kids regardless of where they lie on these spectrums of anxiety, ADHD, or the various levels of ASD? Yeah. So what my advice would be for them would be, so start with your pediatrician. Your hope is with the pediatrician that they are able to connect you to resources and the network because you really need to find a team. How likely is that? I mean, it's hard. Yeah, if you don't. I don't know how hard live in Boston or San Francisco or major cities. I'm guessing that this multidisciplinary approach does not exist. No, it's not easy to find. So what are the options then? What's the next best thing? Yeah, you try to create your team. But the thing is, I talk to families all the time. This is so stressful for a parent who is in a situation like this because they don't know anything about this. They would educate. They could be highly educated. And then we're type of families who actually, if you speak a different language and don't have higher education, this is a disaster. But even for families who are well educated, trying to understand and quarterback this, basically you need a quarterback to help you decide, like, is this ABA helpful or not? Should I be focused on speech a language therapy or ABA therapy right now? What should I be advocating for at my IEP meetings? You really need someone to help you with that roadmap. So we need to help families more with that. I think of myself as a sure person sometimes. Guiding people along this journey. And it's the roadmap of like, you know, every every year we pivot and turn, like, okay, where should we spend more time? Is it in social skill groups? Is it speech therapy? What should we be asking for? And so your question is like, yeah, this is it's hard to find. And so if you can't find it, you're looking for somebody, whether it's a therapy, it may not be a doctor. It might end up being a really good, you know, ABA therapist or a psychologist in your community who can help connect you. There are state programs. What is a parent asking when they meet a provider to figure out is this going to be a good fit? I mean, obviously one option is just ask nothing and wait and see how it pans out and in six months, ask yourself the question, hey, is my, is my kid doing better today than they were six months ago. But if you, if you, as a parent had the chance to meet several providers. So the, hey, look, I happen to be like the 11th of city. There's three ABA providers here. I'm going to go and interact with each of them. What could I as a parent do to understand where should I go first? Which is, which of these three should I pick? Yeah. What are the clues that tell me this person is going to have a higher probability of success? Yeah. The one thing is that you make sure that they have the philosophy that one size does not fit all. So that is key is that this person needs to understand personalized care and that they don't just give the same treatment recommendation, same thing to every single child. It's not black and white. You need to make sure that that provider is flexible in their thinking and their treatment approach so that they can provide individualized care as one. Two would be that they would be proactive in helping you create some sort of team. So it may not be a team like I have under one roof, but they're open to the idea of collaboration meetings with the child, speech therapist or teacher. So someone who is open to it, but will also be proactive in arranging collaboration meetings, maybe once a season. Three, I think someone who has skills in parent, I mentioned the parent training piece. I think that's a really important piece. It's not just parent education. It actually is parent training because I've seen that really make a difference. I think that's a great list. I think, you know, again, I'm thinking about this through the lens of how do you scale kind of what you're doing. There's two ways to do it. One is you just keep replicating a model that looks just like yours. So really big multidisciplinary model, but that can only be supported in a certain geography. Right? To have a team at the size of yours, you're not going to be able to put that in every town. And yet, I think it seems unlikely that this is a condition that discriminates by geography and therefore there's gotta be half the kids in this country that have any of these conditions are going to be in areas where they're never going to have large turn key multidisciplinary offerings at their disposal. So their parents are going to have to do sort of the heavy lifting. Yeah. And unlike cancer, right? So if a child gets cancer, a parent and family can go to another city for treatment. So if you happen to live in Austin, Texas, when your kid gets a certain type of cancer, but Boston Children's Hospital or, you know, pick your favorite city that has the greatest center for that, you know, it's not an unreasonable thing to potentially go there for treatment. But this is not something you're going to go and do in another city, right? This is, this has to be an integration into your life where you are. For sure. Yeah, because this is long. This is the journey. It's not, there isn't. This isn't a quick thing. This is, this is years. This is a journey. And the whole point is to have it integrated and generalized in the child's life. We were just talking how, you know, ABA at some like structured clinic is that's not, that's, you know, that's not our goal. For it's, the goal is to have a child being showing us these skills in real life, in their real life, in their classroom.