Maybe we can start the discussion through the lens of preventive care. The only thing I know is wearing sunscreen is a net positive. I understand enough to say that UV damage is skin. Is it damaging a last-in? Is it damaging collagen? Or is it purely just these sun spots that it creates? What is it that sun is doing that is damaging? Quite a bit. So I'm glad you mentioned sunscreen because the FN1 is going to come in and say, What's the absolute minimum thing I should use on my skin every day? It would be sunscreen. In fact, there was a four-year study out of Australia that followed people for four years. Either they wore sunscreen or they didn't. And the ones that did aged better. Was it randomized? It was randomized. So aged better. They aged better. Fewer lines, fewer wrinkles. And that's in a country that has a lot of sun. So that shows you the power of using sunscreen. Now I'll take it a step further. I tell my patients they have to use mineral sunsreens as opposed to chemical sunsreens. Because I'm not convinced of the safety of able-bens on oxy-bens on as hormone disruptors. I do think there are some scientific studies that suggest maybe they play a role in fertility. You can measure them in the bloodstream. Especially if you're putting them over the entire body. The skin is a great portal for chemicals and the bloodstream if it's the right size chemical. So there have been already studies and I show a huge spike in the amount of these in your bloodstream after application. After saying this for 15 years, I think the FDA just a couple weeks ago finally told the companies they must do animal safety studies. It's about time. It's very late. Yeah, it's very late. And also the I'm starting to rub. I'm so on board with you about the problems with chemical sunscreens because the other problem it creates is that patients think they're covered. And then the chemicals that are actually protecting against the UV damage become inactivated over time. And you don't know because you still have the film on you. You just film on you. And you don't know at what time of day you no longer have any solar protection. What's within an hour? It's within an hour. You put a sunscreen SPF 70 on, go outside. And it's going to be if it's strong sun. Yep. It's going to be deactivated within an hour. People will burn on SPF 70, SPF 100. There should be nothing above the SPF 50 mineral because you can't get it into a moment. What is the use case for the chemical sunscreen? Are they less expensive? Like what are they watered? Like what was the rationale for it? They blend in very easily. So the people love it because there's no white film when they put it on. A mineral sunscreen takes a little bit more work to blend it in. Or it's going to cost more because you're going to have to get a micronized or Micronized formula of zinc oxide or titanium dioxide. So my LTMD 30 to 50, I think I have one of each. I'm pretty sure that's a mineral sunscreen. It's you have to work to put it in, right? Yes. And some of them, LTMD makes some mineral and some chemical wine. So just double check. Got it. And they make a confusing on purpose, by the way. So you have to go out of your way to actually find formulas that are primarily mineral because the companies want to sell you both products. And they know that customer satisfaction is higher with chemical. And you know, this doesn't have to do this conversation specifically. But Susan has created skincare and so if I created skincare. So we've really dived into this world of skincare. And the marketing of skincare can really mislead consumers. And companies that are creating skincare are motivated by sales. They want people to be happy with their SPF. When it's a chemical sunscreen, they're going to be happier with it because it doesn't have that white paste the effect. But it's just not as effective. Got it. And the other thing that happens, if you look at the amount of skincare in the US, it's increasing, including melanoma. So why do we have generations now of people from the late 90s on up who say they use sunscreen all of them and our skincare cancer rates are going up? I think it's too fold. I think it's because A, like you said to know the sunscreen is degraded very quickly when they put on a chemical sunscreen. And I'm going to take a one step further. When those chemical sunscreen absorb those harmful rays, whether it's UVB or UVA, the cells, the chemicals absorb them and they neutralize those rays, but they cause reactive oxygen species. And those reactive oxygen species damage the DNA of the cells, which then accentuates the damage that you're getting from whatever other UVA gets through the sunscreen. So you're really causing more damage and probably causing these cells to become more atypical over time. By the way, you know that there's a group of people who argue that, and I don't agree with this at all, that argue that sun and UV rays have no causal role in melanoma. And the argument they put forth is sunscreen use has been increasing, and yet we see a significant increase in the incidence of melanoma. So they're pointing at the same observation. They're offering a different argument. I find you're argument far more compelling. Yeah, I think everyone should be using a mineral sunscreen. So that's number one. Okay. To your point, we could spend the rest of the podcast on it. We won't. We've established the fact that step one, the no regret move protect your skin in the sun. What's the next level thing that one can do for prevention? So we may be on the same line. It might be a little bit different. I would say step two would be a retinoid of some sort. And it could be in your brain. I was worried you were going to say that. I know. I've wanted to say that. But I have to apply. Well, here's what they tell patients. Because you said you don't wash your face tonight, right? Do you guys see a pressure teeth at night? I do. I'm going to be a little bit... Okay. Glosser and teeth. Right next to your toothbrush, put your little tube of red. That's why I tell my patients. The few times I'd tried to use this. Like, I couldn't do it every day. It just got me too red. Did that mean I was on too high, I should have gone back to the aldehyde. I was too young. I probably tried this ten years ago and never did it again. So I have, I take a different approach and even also my colleagues. I tell people if they're trying to achieve a goal whether streaming the last month, sun damage, or they're getting ready for a child's wedding or we have to do a procedure. I would tell them to tough it out because if you use that red note, gas it every single day, your body acclimates to it very quickly. It may take six weeks, seven weeks. Eight weeks, but you get your skin used to it and then you reap all the benefits. But some patients are always going to quit. So from that standpoint, then... Yeah. So we would give you five days a week, right now the high, two days a week, right now I get acid. And tell you to start that way and then maybe as your skin acclimates to it, you can change that proportion. Okay. And by the way, do you become more light sensitive when you take this to you? Does it make you, does it make it even more important that you're wearing sunscreen in the sun? So those studies came out very early on, which is why people start to say, oh, I stopped my red noise in the summer and that's the last thing you should do. Because initially when you start a red noise, you will get exfoliation at the level of the dead layer of the skin, the student cornea. But after you've been on the red noise for a long time, that builds back up. So you become less light sensitive. You might always still be a little bit, but you're a lot less light sensitive than when you first start a red noise. But you should always have a sunscreen on and a hat. And red noise have been shown that even if you get sun exposure, they have the ability to repair some of that DNA damage early on. So you really want to be on a red noise all the time. That was going to also add, you know, when people are thinking about the core aspects of what should to be using on their skin, now that they're starting to notice some changes in their 20s or 30s, in addition to sunscreen and red noise, I think that vitamin C is a really important molecule to get onto the skin also. Try that too. Let me tell you why I stopped. It was mixed with like ferric acid. For like acid. Yes, yes. And it's stuck. I just hated the smell of it. And the reason for that is because vitamin C is a notoriously complicated, easily reduced molecule. And when manufacturers are formulating their vitamin C serums, it might be a year from when it leaves the factory and gets onto your skin. If for lucky. And in that year, all of the relatively inexpensive vitamin C serums are going to degrade and not actually have any bioavailability when that vitamin C is applied to the skin. And so the relatively more expensive formulations are being produced by manufacturers that are doing all sorts of manufacturing flips and tricks to try and stabilize that vitamin C. The product you're talking about, which I think I can try guess, is that they use the feroic acid to stabilize the vitamin C so that it maintains its bioavailability. Other formulations of vitamin C will use an oil-based formula. It's not achvious because then the vitamin C is much less likely to be reduced in that kind of formulation. But those products tend to be petroleum, oil-based and also have all sorts of negatives associated with it. And then there are some products that will micro encapsulate or find other creative ways of making sure that the vitamin C is actually bioavailable when it hits your skin. So that product may have not worked for you, but there are other options to find a stable vitamin C. And this is one of those products where again, we have our own custom formulas. But I'll tell people who are price sensitive, go to Walgreens, buy a retinoid, buy a sunscreen, you don't need to spend more than $10 or $15 on effective products. But vitamin C is something where you have to spend the money on it. But actually, what retinoid can you buy at WalMart? Retinole? And some retinole. I see. You can't get retinoic acid on that prescription. Right. Got it. And is there any downside of using retinolid? You just need a lot more of it to make sure you get. The problem is if you try to push that enzymatic chain reaction, you'll get dermatitis. Are you putting this on like all over your face like this even over my beard and stuff? So I always saw them hold up your finger and it should be from the tip of your index finger to your DIP joint. Oh my god. And that's a finger tip unit. And if you can do a finger tip unit of retinoid every night, that's a great way to measure the beginning and not find. And how you can see your face. You can see I'm getting a triponin league right now. Just thinking about applying that much stuff. Yeah. And I have them put it on their face, including the under eye area. Because that's a thinned skin. Yep. And that's the skin that's going to wrinkle in aged first. So most people are afraid to go around their eyes. And I tell them just don't get it in your eyes. Go around, but make sure you're getting that under eye area. Once a week maybe on the upper eyelid. And then once or twice a week on the neck. Because again, this is a thinned skin. We've got to keep the skin building collagen and elastin. Okay. The vitamin C and for like acid, would you put that on after? First. So you always put the liquid before the thickest stuff. So you're going to finish the thickest. Okay. And you may be it's worth also mentioned because we haven't done this yet. You know, why is vitamin C so important? I assume it has to be pro-line and collagen. That's one aspect. So vitamin C is sort of like a wonder molecule when it comes to facial aesthetics. Because yes, it is a precursor for the collagen synthesis pathway in the Prolene synthesis pathway. But it also is a powerful antioxidant. And so antioxidant application to the skin not only has the power to Remove injury, oxidative injury that has happened during the day. But it also has the ability to reverse some existing damage that's in place. Vitamin C also regulates the tyrosine kinase pathway, which is sort of a scientific way of saying, that complexion, which people talk about wanting to have good complexion. What does that mean? Complexion is something that across societies, no matter what your physpatriarch scale is, people like to have a good complexion. And that means having an even skin tone, which is even distribution of melanin. It doesn't matter if you're black or white or brown. You want to have people desire to have their skin look even without Splatchy areas of pigmentation or nearby areas of relative depigmentation. And so regulating the tyrosine kind of pathway so that there's an even production of melanin throughout the skin. It's something that is valuable, very valuable and an aesthetic sense. And that's something that vitamin C does as well. And then it sounds like the last thing you said we want to do is as a moisturizer. Yes, that's fair. Yeah, I would say the cheapest trick in skin care, which actually is is really true, is that deep moisturization locks down the skin barrier function and allows the skin trigger of the skin, dermis, epithelium to thicken just by having that a close of barrier. So you can go to Walgreens and spend six dollars on aquifer, which is basically petroleum jelly and put it on your face nightly. And your skin will look better in 30 days guaranteed because your skin will thicken and a lot of the fine lines and crinkles will actually start to disappear because your skin is being more hydrated. That's hydration. That's hydration. That's hydration. Yeah, what if I don't want to grease up my pale. Yeah, I'm not saying that as sort of like tongue and cheek. I've got it. I'm not telling people to do that. But if you actually did a double line of study, you would see that there are things real. Real results in 30 days. But the reason I mentioned that is that good deep hydration can be performed with an inexpensive product that you're using regularly and it'll make a real difference because the moisturization, especially overnight while you're sleeping, is a powerful tool for aesthetics. And you know, I don't, I like I wouldn't give you though, I'm moisturizer. So you can just tell I'm a grease ball to begin with. And how would you have young thicker skin? So again, just like women aged 20 years faster than guys in terms of the bone, we modeling and fat, atrophy the skin as well. So you say my routine would be done after the retinoic acid from my standpoint. At this point. And then we might revisit that in a few years. Okay. So just to go through this, because I'm, you can tell not the sharpest tool in the shed. My AM routine is going to be wash. Okay. Let's assume I just came out of the shower. Okay. So you're serious. And then by the way, the shower don't use your body soap on your face because he's going to strip the oils out of your face. So again, you need a separate facial cleanser. Oh, God. What do I need? The same glycerol based thing. Well, it depends on your skin type too. Like, I tend to be maybe a little bit more picky about the skin. I mean, you can also saw the crap that I, like, I'm, I've got like a 299 bottle body wash from Target that I scrub head to toe. Like, I am the lowest com, like, put it this way. When my wife met me in the hospital, the first thing she noticed was how disgusting I was in that I used to take alcohol pads and clean my face. Like, just like, that was my shower in the hospital. That part doesn't bad. It was a little harsh. But I don't even know if I'm going to do it like this. So we're going to do, we're going to do so. Yeah. And then we're going to do sunscreen. Yes. That's the morning routine. And some people might in there need, depending on if they have clogged pores or your skin, they might need it. I'll, I'll find drugs. Yeah, so they're probably hydroxy as they before their sunscreen. But you've nailed it right there. That's a very simple regimen you can follow. Okay. And then the PM is soap serum. We prefer if you call it a cleanser, right? Yes. I've kind of did some other things. Yeah. Yeah. Of course wrong. And now the difference is, you know, I do have lots of patients like you Peter who are minimalist. So again, it's trying to get them to use whatever they can to protect their skin. And hopefully start to improve the aging process. All right. I might, I might just to do the experiment for 90 days. Try to commit to cleanser serum sunscreen in the morning. Cleanser serum retinoc acid in the evening. Okay. We agree that would be. Yes. Okay. By the way, in the show notes, we'll get from you products that you guys like including your own. I just want to let people kind of look through this and decide. And, you know, obviously you guys disclose your own products. Great. But let people see the full breadth of things. Yeah. You know, I'm, I'm, I'm sorry. And then one of the things to ask about those, especially when they're very into their nutrition and eating healthy. They say, well, why do I need to apply an anti-oxidant if I'm eating a lot of anti-oxidant? And the skin being the largest organ in your body is very unique. It's very good at keeping things out or from the inside coming out as well. So outside things like water pollution, it tries to protect that from getting in. And does a good job at keeping kind of homeyostasis. So they have shown that the level of vitamin C that you can achieve in the skin by topical application. Far exceeds what you can do by ingesting it. The amount you would have to ingest to get the right amount in the skin. You'd have GI issues. That would definitely make you quit. I'm Peter Atia. This podcast relies exclusively on premium subscribers for support, which allows us to provide all our content without taking a single penny for advertisers. I believe this keeps my content honest, making it a trusted resource for listeners like you. As a premium member, you'll get immediate access to our entire back catalog of AMA episodes and all future AMA episodes. You'll get longevity, focused premium articles packed with actionable insights. You'll get unrivaled show notes for each and every episode of the drive, every topic, every study, every resource from each episode, carefully curated for you. You'll get quarterly podcast summaries where you'll learn my biggest personal takeaways from the previous 90 days of expert guest episodes and much more. This journey doesn't have to be navigated alone. We can take these steps towards a better, longer life together. Become a premium member today at PeterAtiaMD.com. Forward slash subscribe to join me in a shared commitment to a healthier future. Thank you.