Now, my head is, you know, how about I just stay off chronic disease as long as possible, stay as healthy as possible. Stay in the game as long as possible so that if it turns out that that was for nothing, we're sitting here. It's 10 years from now. I'm in my early 60s and someone comes along and says, Peter, all that stuff you did was totally unnecessary. You could have been eating Cheetos, drinking Margarita's all day long. I have a pill that's going to make you 20 years old again. I would have no regrets. Yeah, I would be like, I don't care. I am really glad that I did what I did. But I would have regret if I put my eggs in the basket that said, I'm going to drink the Margarita's all day. I'm not going to exercise. I'm going to wait for the exercise pill to come along. And it just doesn't come along. Sure. I also think we just have to, you know, accept, you know, one of my favorite thought experiments. I was talking about this with a friend a couple of weeks ago. So if you just consider modern human history, right? We're just talking about 250,000 years. I don't know. Let's forget everything that came before homosapiens. You go back in time, 250,000 years ago, 200,000 years ago, 150 that you do this in like 50,000 increments until you hit 10,000 years ago and then 5,000 years ago. And then 2,500 years ago and then 1,000 years ago. And you go in and you ask them to predict the future. Letting them see everything that's happened before. Because of course, that would be a difficult thing to do. Most points in time. They don't even know anything beyond there. To like, what's the future? Yeah, I was shit. I went back too far. Yeah. Yeah. And it's sort of like it would be impossible to imagine because the pace of change during that 250,000 years was pretty much nothing. Right. Then, you know, 5,000 years ago, we get agriculture. Then, you know, a couple hundred years ago, we get, you know, the industrial revolution like we really started to first industrial revolution. Yeah. They started to get these two more steps. Step function changes. But even if you go back in time, 100 years. So 100 years were in the roaring 20s. Life couldn't be any better. Nobody knows that there's this depression coming. Nobody knows what technology is coming. You know, all of these things. So we couldn't predict anything. You go back in time 40 years. I don't think anybody could have predicted what we're doing today. Ray Kurtz, while successfully did what did Ray predict almost everything, probably about his 70. If you're conservative 60 to 70% accuracy, which is wild because the baseline accuracy is zero. Yeah. And if you're not conservative and you give him a little bit of a minute, 80%. This was throughout the 80s and 90s, he was able to predict a substantial amount of correct predictions all the way through the 2020s. And he was the almost the only person to predict the arrival of artificial general intelligence as interestingly enough, specifically the year 2029. And now there is a debate of he was probably too conservative and AGI will be here by 2027. In the early 2000s, they did a lot of asking questions of AI experts. People working in the space. But almost all of them said Ray was an insane person. And about half of them said we could never actually create artificial general intelligence. The other was like, oh, and 2100 or 2700 and every five years that you ask this, everyone trends closer and closer to Ray Kurtz, while it's original prediction. And he's not doing magic. So early, he said something kind of interesting. He said, we started 250,000 years ago. Then we went to 125 and 50. So on, as you said, that things get faster. Progress happens exponentially quicker. But if you plot every single event on human and animal history and geological history, it all plots on the same logarithmic scale. Very, very tight clustering. And right around 2045, the line's fucking vertical. And so when I make predictions, which are not mine, I'm just parading with other smarter people have said of possibly getting traction on almost every kind of disease in the 2030s. This isn't the wishful thinking of a child. Though mentally I'm below the average child. At least in my own heart, this is something that is inevitable based on our incremental understanding and manipulation of the world. It is the most accurate type of prediction that you could make bereft of exact knowledge, because it's the thing that tracks on that exponential progression. If we're pessimistic about it, we're actually estimating that things will somehow progress substantially less than they have been. Computing powers and easy one, that curve of computing power in the early 2020s, people are like that's it, Moore's Law is dead. But then AI picked up the pace. And it's outpacing Moore's Law. It's crazy. They exactly on the trajectory that Ray Kurtz-Wild was the first one probably the best to formalize. So when I'm saying crazy shit, like we're going to Kabosh, aging, we're going to Kabosh, disease, and all this other stuff, it's tantamount to someone in the 1930s peak depression error days to hear that in the 2020s, you can make $16 an hour or work it at McDonald's. And that in the United States the poorest people are the fattest. They'd be like, you're out of your fucking mind. And you're like, no, no, no, it's totally true. Like I'm in the future. It's totally true. And like, so what do you do for a living? I can't imagine a describing a person in 19th. It's what you do for a living. Look, well, social media and they're like, what's that? You're like, oh God, how do we even put this to you? And we're still working the same physical world. We're really the same humans. But anytime we think, oh, Jesus, no way it's going to get this good all disease eradicated in a whole new segment. One's the last time you've treated a patient with cholera. Do we have cholera in the modern Western world anymore? Yeah, I think that this is where I'm less optimistic. I don't know less, no more confident to be clear. So I want to be very clear. They could be wrong about all this by the way. Yeah, but just as a point of discussion, my optimism is less around. Everything you said I agree with in terms of compute velocity, et cetera. It comes down to the manipulation of biology, where I think certain things would need to be true to undo. So I'll give you a silly example, right? Do we believe that in 10 years, we will be able to take a pro, an egg that has been put into a frying pan, fried, the clear part has turned white and make the white part clear again. Like, do we think 10 years will bring the technology to do that? Yeah, how, yeah. But why? Why do we think that we'll be able to unfold proteins again? Because Google's DeepMine Project just mastered protein folding last year. And this earlier this year took the first open contracts with major pharmaceutical companies. I get very to familiar with it, but that's a remarkable problem for which obviously a Nobel Prize was awarded. But a very different problem. Like I'm just not sure that the entropy will allow the reversal, right? So what DeepMine did, again, it's incredible. But they could actually take an amino acid sequence and predict the protein structure in folding. But when the protein has folded, right, which is why the goes from clear to white in the pan, how do we undeneature that? Yeah, through industrially designed enzymes, which we do not have the brain power to design, but for which I'll put this as well as I can. For which in the 2030s AI will be comically overpowered for? Because we think we're very complex and by our own standards, we're insanely complex. But AI is so much smarter than us already in many of the relevant ways and soon to be way smarter than us to a degree that most of us have difficulty conceptualizing. I mean, just a quick analogy. And you're explaining to your dog why the only season inside of your house is a light summer day. Peter doesn't know what seasons are. It's total communicative throughput involves gestures and emotions. It knows its name, it knows it knows a few other things. You can't do it. It's impossible. AI, as predicted by these very simple equations, which have never steered us wrong of how smart it's going to be in pet 10 years, in 10 years, will be like probably several orders of magnitude smarter than us than we are than dogs. So it sounds like wishful thinking and hope. No doubt many of the comments in this will be like this guy's an idiot lunatic, fair play. I don't necessarily think that. They might be like, I think that's something that they might be listening to. Me and say Peter, you are so pessimistic. How can you be so pessimistic? Or it's not that I'm pessimistic. How can you not be more optimistic? But nevertheless, sure. The solutions to the problems that we're seeking to systems that intelligence should they choose to solve them can be a factor better term pedestrian in nature. And they're going to be dealing with problems that are much more complex than the reengineering of human biology. So for me, when the raw compute and the raw understanding of how to manipulate matter and energy to get kind of any kind of shape you want at a given energy input, when that's there, the only question is like, are we going to try to do it or not? And that's where it come back to the incentives and constraints problem. The biggest hurdle to the development of advanced pharmacology in genetic engineering and so on to do this kind of thing is going to be regulatory nature hands down, FDA, everything is off by five or ten years and it sucks. But once AI has enough time to cook on these problems, the candidate drugs released will run through trials with just an unreal record. But why? Because if you have very not so good at things, AI, it's decent. But AI is going to do a great job at the first step of the process, which is what's the molecule? Right. Right now, it's trial and error. It's brute force. It's super painful. Yeah. Exactly. Alpha full changes that. Yeah. How is AI going to streamline the phase one trial where we have to prove? Once we have the IND. Oh, yeah. No, no. It doesn't streamline it at all. It just flies through it like it knocks out phase one, knocks out phase two, knocks out phase three, market. So you can say, right, but we get the phase two to phase three, it's still going to take a decade. Totally. But at the end of that decade, we have super drugs hitting the market all at the same time as opposed to the incremental process. The impriments are all handled up front by the AI and that last decade is just like, we just got to do this. Yeah. So your example would be, it's like coming up with Reddit true tied in 2014 when we had Lira Glutide as the first generation, GLP-1 that sucked. Yep. We already knew how to build or touch or tie it back then and we could have just done it no one cared because the money wasn't there slash. There's lots of other candidates, drugs, you can work on. That's interesting. Yeah. I really thought of that. If the AI is powerful enough, it'll just give you candidates that are just killers right off hand. It's like, but how will it know that? Because again, this is such a silly philosophical discussion. Sure. But like, didn't we kind of need to see that, okay, semi-glutide was better than Lira Glutide. But we had to see, I don't know if this was predictable. You had to actually see the experience to then go from semi-glutide to Tersepatide and realize that, oh, like, maybe it's the GIP as well as the GLP that's really good. Yes, now when we look at the pipeline, it's different. So I do wonder, I mean, again, it's a, it's a very tantalizing proposition. But I wonder how much of it can be figured out through simulation, which is what would be necessary. Eventually all of it. But I'll give you the second wrong of what's starting to happen now. The second wrong, the first wrong is, I just candid at drugs based on protein structure alone. And will that protein structure fold into the receptor, or targeting well enough to give us some activity? The second phase is this sounds funny to say, but it's computationally going to be tractable quite soon, simulating every single protein in the human body and seeing how that can't get a drug interacts with every single other protein. And then they just optimize the selection criteria for the dial-up of the effect. Good go down to the target. How do you familiar with Jeperone, aka Exua, a new major depressive disorder medication? So Jeperone, the trade name is Exua, is class. Targeting against the SSRI, I think. And it only targets the serotonin receptors in specific parts of the brain as opposed to just like, you're going to get it all. And so it has seemingly no more probability to reduce sex drive or ultra-consumption of food patterns than a placebo. That's not even developed with AI. This is just a more selective target. We can get almost 100 to 0 ratio targeting with that phase to approach. Now you just want muscle growth and skeletal muscles only. You got it. Entirely I driven. And when the first phase one participant takes that first pill, there's an almost 100% chance. Holy crap. What else do you feel? How's your blood work? Everything's totally normal because we've tested it on every single other receptor in the human body. There are definitely bumps on the road with that. It's not quite just that simple. But it's on the way there. And the last thing that we'll let everyone do is to think, oh, AI's, every night again, you hear like, oh, AI's overrated. It's overhyped. In my view, there is no overhyping AI. Sure, it's magical. And it's going to be here tomorrow and we'll never die. Fine, OK, it's a few years to off-center. But the power of computing all of this and then using that computation to test it in the human body and getting irritative loops on that is to me not to be understated. And if somehow biology is somehow magically intractable for older folks or whatever, I think that scanning of the human brain and brain machine interface and mind uploading is going to happen by the 2040s anyway. And then it doesn't matter what the hell your body's like you live in the cloud. Yeah, I've thought about that a bunch. Sure, I like it.