All right, I guess this is gonna be the beginning. Okay, and three two one. Am I you welcoming people? We're gonna be full. Peter. All right, welcome to you. Welcome. I'm at your place. All right. Someone said, which is good. You remind me of who Bob is. Yeah, yeah, yeah. All right, so now we're starting. No, I'm starting. All right. Hey, Bob. Peter. Welcome back to New York. Thank you. Thanks for having me. It's a huge sacrifice to have you. Hey, everybody. Welcome back to our third slash second AMA. I guess technically our second when you consider that the nothing burger one was very specific to the fast. Again, we're still thinking that this might be a quarterly thing. We've got these. We've got an AMA page up on the blog. So now folks are asking questions and voting up and down. And that sort of making it much easier for Bob Kaplan here, who's my, I don't know, my right hand, my main man, my side kid. Yeah, I've heard whatever to aggregate before that. He was doing it through Twitter, which was super painful. Let's see. Today we have a lot of questions. I haven't looked at them yet, but I like seeing on your screen how many there are. It's stressing me out a little bit. Yeah, I'm suspecting it's impossible to get through all of them. So maybe we'll just kind of try to draw a hard stop in a couple of hours and see how far we get. Also, for those of you watching this, this is the first time we're going to record one of these in video. So I have no idea if that's going to prove to be of any value or not, maybe it won't. But nevertheless, for those who like to be able to watch a couple of knock-o-heads drink their topo-cheekos, as opposed to just listen to the bubbles, welcome to my little apartment. All right, I'm going to let you take it with you. It's good started. So one of the features on the AMA page is a vote up, vote down feature. So we can see it which ones are more popular than others. So we'll buy us some of those questions towards this. And so one of the most popular questions was curious what other reference ranges Peter considers to soft. Okay, so this is sort of on the heels of the last podcast for the last AMA where I talked about my blood values before during and after the fast. So because I don't remember what I actually talked about, I'll just probably just start from scratch and there might be some repetition here. So as I just sort of think about going through the labs from start to finish when it comes to the lipids, I generally take a harder line on triglycerides than is typically given. So the typical reference range on triglyceride is less than 150 milligrams per deciliter. Apologize, I don't know what that is, in millimolar for people who are outside of the United States. I generally like to see triglycerides below 100. And if we're really gonna get fancy, I'd like to see triglycerides lower than HGL cholesterol when both are measured in milligrams per deciliter. So again, that's probably a bit more of a stringent, sort of level that I would put on things but that's sort of the first place I think about it. Secondly, looking at the LDL particle number, which is measured in animal per liter, just morally and philosophically, I feel like that number ought to be below 1,000 animal per liter, which is about the 20th percentile of the population. And the reason I feel that way is, you know, heart disease and atheroscler disease are the most ubiquitous causes of death. So to be average on the disease that is the most common strikes me as just backwards mathematics. So you really do need some alpha when it comes to a metric like that. And I know that there's gonna be some people watching this that are saying, oh my God, LDL, all this controversy, I don't know when this podcast is gonna come out in relation to the discussion that I had with Dave Feldman about this and the discussion of Tom Dayspring. So either by the time you're listening to this, hopefully that point will have been long addressed and if not, I assure you it will be addressed. So it might make sense to define what reference ranges are because I think people might get confused with what is average and what is optimal. And so people might look at, I don't know, that two thirds of the country is overweight and or... Great point. And so when you look at the average, it's gonna be different from what is actually either normal or healthy. So thanks for bringing that up. So reference ranges are usually given around a population distribution, but it evolves over time. So if you went and looked at a laboratory test from 25 years ago and you looked at in the same units for the same variable, for example, ALT or AST, the Transaminesis, you would see different numbers. And all that's telling you is every few years, the labs have to kind of update their reference range on what they're seeing in the population. So for some things like hormones, you're often going to see between X and Y. And any lab will tell you upon asking they usually don't print this on the lab, but we go back and usually ask them what do your reference range is represent? And it's usually either 10th to 20th percentile to 80th to 90th percentile or two standard deviations below the mean to two standard deviations above the mean. And again, that's usually something they could only say if the data approximates a normal distribution, which many of these things do. Just like height, for example. So you could report height as the average height or the interquartile range. So the 25th to 75th percentile of height I'm making this up for a male in the United States, would be, I don't know, five foot, eight to five foot, 11 and a half. But of course, if you're asking a separate question, which is if you're trying to optimize to be a rower, a heavyweight rower, someone who rose crew, you'd obviously want to be probably between six foot two and six foot four. Again, I'm making that up. But the point is showing you that you would pick a range that's completely outside of this statistical norm because you're optimizing for something very particular in that case, rowing. So I basically just disregard all the reference ranges when I look at labs. And I kind of have my own set of standards that are based on my belief system around what should and shouldn't be the case physiologically. So again, going down that list after the LDL, I'd like to see the small LDLP below 500 nanomol per liter, which is represented by the 50th percentile pardon me. I like to see the oxidized LDL below 40. That's a very stringent criteria, because most labs will acknowledge that anything below 60 is reasonable. I like to see that even lower. I like to see C-rective protein below one, even though most labs consider anything below two reasonable. Kind of just kind of mentally scrolling through this. I like to see Europe acid below 5.0. Again, most labs consider anything below six to be normal. Some labs even consider anything below seven to be normal. And again, I think in part, that's because they're optimizing around the prevention of gout. And it's very unlikely you're going to have a gout attack with a Europe acid of 6.2. However, I think there are a number of other health consequences to that. Let's see. Did you give LDNAS? No, so LDNST as of now on the lab that I use, the upper limit of ALT is 44, maybe 42, and AST is about 40. I think both of those are unnecessarily high. And we typically like to see patients below 20 on both of those. Oral glucose tolerance test. Do you mention this? I think maybe in another AMA, we talked about the one hour or two hour both insulin and glucose actually you gave those. So again, I can't remember what the reference ranges are on our lab, but I know that they're geared primarily towards a diagnosis of type 2 diabetes. There was a day when you would use the OTT to diagnose type 2 diabetes and not what we do today, which is rely on hemoglobin A1C. I think the use of an OTT is a better test. And I think the hemoglobin A1C is not a particularly helpful test. So yeah, I generally like to see the fasting glucose below 90 milligrams per desolator that fasting insulin below six. And at one hour following a 75 gram glucose challenge. So this is a liquid glucose challenge. Again, if you change the way that you do the test, you have to come up with a whole new set of reference ranges. At one hour for a reasonably muscular male, I'd like to see the glucose below 120, or maybe at a max 130 milligrams per desolator in the insulin below 20 or 30. And a less muscular individual, or an a woman who is just smaller, I will tolerate slightly higher levels. And at two hours, I'd like to see the glucose back down to below 100 milligrams per desolator in the insulin ideally below 20, or potentially even only two X, what the one hour glucose was. So if the glucose at one hour was eight to see it at 16 or less, at two hours would be great. You know, on the hormone front, boy, it's complicated there because you're dealing with so many other issues, which include symptoms that go far and beyond just the numbers. But if someone TSH is between about 0.5 and 2.0, and their free T3 is above 3.0. And their reverse T3 is below 12, I find it very hard to see how they could have hypothiroidism. Regardless of the symptoms they have, and if they do have symptoms that sound and smell and feel like hypothiroidism, I'm generally searching much harder for another cause, which again is not to say you can't be fooled. I think you always can be. But that would be what I would consider sort of biochemically optimal for thyroid. And then of course, I think it's probably too nuanced to get into a discussion of what happens when one or more of those is out of whack. How do you begin to make the diagnosis? And I've probably talked about this in the past, but the TSH is really only telling you about what the pituitary gland is seeing in terms of T3, T4 to T4, T4, T3 conversion. So that's telling you about the diode nace and the brain that's making that distinction. The free T3 is telling you how much peripheral T4 is being converted to T3, and then a reverse T3 is telling you how much peripheral T4 is being converted to reverse T3, which opposes T3. So the reverse T3 opposes T3, and each of those is a completely different sort of cause. So again, probably a little more complicated, and maybe we'll save that for another AMA. That's a great conversation with a whiteboard. Yes, that's a whiteboard discussion because I'm going to screw it up if I try to explain it without being able to show D1, D2, D3 as the diode naces and all the hormones. Probably another whiteboard discussion then would be the male and female sex hormones. That's an even more complicated pathway. There are about nine things that we measure. They're beginning with DHA, FSHLH, all the way to dihydrotist host or NERDHT. Again, these are hormones that are sometimes we're looking to keep things below a certain level, or above a certain level, sometimes we're looking to keep things between a certain level. I think for EPA and DHA, when we look at the red blood cell index of EPA, DHA, I know this is a very messy topic, and it's also something we're going to absolutely talk about on a future podcast. So I don't want to get too far down that rabbit hole. I definitely want to have Bill Harris on the podcast to discuss that. But I do like to see the EPA, DHA, and DHA, and X above about 8.5%, I used to sort of think anything above 8% was ideal. Frankly, now I let patients up to 10 and even sometimes 12% if they're not having any issues like nosebleeds or something like that. But again, it's more complicated because that's just showing the total EPA, DHA, and in some patients, you really want to see that DHA preferentially higher versus the EPA. And it does depend quite a bit on what which access were most worried about, whether it be the neurodegenerative access, in which case the DHA might be a little more important, or the atheroscerotic access in which the EPA might be more important. And of course, it all comes without saying, the source of that EPA and DHA is heavily dependent on what you care about and what you're worried about. A lot of the other ranges are kind of complicated. I've talked about it before, so I'll bring it up again. Does master all is a very important sterile that we measure. So we measure markers of cholesterol synthesis, which there are mainly two that can be measured commercially, and measures of cholesterol absorption, in addition to stand-all production. So steriles and stand-alls are slightly different. They have a slightly different chemical composition. I don't particularly have an interest in how high or low the stand-alls are or the phytosterols. But I use that very much so when making therapeutic interventions with lipids. But I do care about the dysmosterol. And I do all things equal if given the choice like to see that above 0.5. And the reason for that is potentially obscure. But I do have some concern about overly suppressing cholesterol synthesis, which is typically an issue in patients who are taking statins. If you oversuppress cholesterol synthesis, I think in aggregate, there's a meaning at the population level. This does not seem to pose a problem, but at the individual level, I would exercise some caution. And so the dysmosterol becomes a guide post. Of course, that's all complicated because there are some medications that interfere with the enzyme that converts dysmosterol into cholesterol and so the whole thing becomes a bit challenging. And you can't really interpret the level in that context. Let's see. Did I forget anything? IGF? Oh, yeah, that's a good one. IGF, boy, this is one where I've really changed my tune a lot over time. I used to be in the camp that said, low IGF is best. And in an ideal world, everybody should be at or below the 50th percentile. And that's one where it's not even worth explaining what the numbers are because it varies so much by age that you just have to look at the table that gives you the IGF breakdown by age. But I actually no longer think that's the case. I really think that IGF should be psychalled between high and low. And for example, like when I did my fast, after seven days, my IGF was probably at the fifth to tenth percentile. And it might rebound to the 80th percentile when I'm not fasting. And so I think it's, I think epidemiology mostly sucks, especially epidemiology that is involving an intervention. Like people who do X get Y. I think that epidemiology is absolutely the worst. The next layer of epidemiology that's less shitty is looking at IGF levels and contrasting it with disease, because at least there you've simplified a variable. You're not trying to figure out, like, did those people eat more eggs or less eggs? That comes a separate question. And I think based on the epidemiology, there's a huge shape, mortality curve with IGF, except it's very skewed. So it's not even a perfect view. And I'm having a hard time being convinced by anyone, including proponents of very low IGF, that an IGF outside of the range of about the 60th to 80th percentile is anything but optimal. So there, I've really switched my tune and become a little more liberal in what I like to see. Obviously, the two things that say three things that impact IGF, the most are amino acid intake. And there are some amino acids like methionine that seem particularly potent. Insulin levels indirectly through the binding proteins. So therefore, which is large determined by dietary carbohydrate. And then of course, exogenous hormones, like growth hormone, which is obviously very popular in the longevity slash whatever he circles. But growth hormone, which is an analog, it's the exact analog of the human growth hormone is a hormone secreted by the pituitary gland. It tells the liver to make more insulin micro-factor. So if a doctor is using IGF, I hope to hell they are monitoring IGF levels. If they're using GH, I'm sorry, I'm a suspect. If they're using GH, I hope they're monitoring IGF levels. And so when you're looking at IGF, a blood test, you're looking at a snapshot, whereas you're living your life as a more of a movie. And for example, I think if we vault her long ago is probably people think of him as a proponent of low IGF. One of the things that he points out in his FMDs and the studies is that you get the shrinking of tissues and organs in the low IGF. And then there's the regeneration, which sort of looks like rejuvenation. I suspect when those tissues and organs are rejuvenating or regenerating, IGF levels aren't necessarily at the floor. That's your rebound. That's where you're actually looking at synthesis and the other thing. So you're looking at an average when you really should be looking at the cycling. That's right. And I think Longa was influenced by his mentor by the negative effects he saw in his mentor. And fell to. Yeah, yeah, it felt like maybe this having low IGF all the time is in such a good thing either. Again, don't want to speak for somebody else's views. I don't know exactly where Longa falls out on that. But you're right. Luckily, IGF is much more stable than GH. So people always ask, should we be measuring GH in people? And my view is that's sort of like measuring ACTH, which is another pituitary hormone that is the one that's most responsible for this accretion of cortisol. And unfortunately, the answer is outside of very extreme pathological cases, like acromegally or pituitary cushing's disease, very difficult to infer what the hell is going on from looking at those hormones because they are so pulsatile. You go in a sauna for 20 minutes. That's going to change your growth hormone level significantly. Probably won't change your IGF levels as significantly. So the advantage of looking at very high fidelity, high frequency moving hormones is great. Your closer to the physiology origin. The drawback is the noise can be too much. I'm sure there are a bunch of other things that I care a lot about. You know, I do. But I just, I think, I'm tired of this question. I was going to get into iron and ferretin and TIPC and hematocrit hemoglobin. And white blood cell count. I have points of view on everything. I'm a little probably too opinionated on this topic. We lose through our time limit on that question, man. Let's see what next. This might be a quick one. What aspect of women's health is the least studied slash understood? Is that a high scoring question? It was. You wouldn't be asking it this early in the cast if it was. So ironic that I would be asked that question given that I'm not particularly knowledgeable in this subject. And I hope I don't represent that I am. I do have a number of women patients. I would say a quarter to a third of my patients are female. But when you start to talk about things that are uniquely female, a couple of things come to mind. So I guess what I'm going to do is not answer this question because I don't know the answer, but just go off a little bit and hopefully something I say is a value to the people who answer this question. Obviously, the most important distinction between men and women of the sex hormones. That's an enormous difference. And the other difference that comes along with that is that men experience a much more gradual decline in their sex hormones. And as such, it's often harder to appreciate symptomatic changes in men. You got a guy who's walking around with his testosterone, two standard deviations below the mean. He can actually feel pretty reasonable because just like a frog who's been in water that's been slowly getting warmer, he doesn't actually realize how hot the water is, because he's been in there at the whole time as if you dropped him in that water overnight. It would be pretty stark. Conversely, women experience to completely, you know, again, I'm just completely empathetic to what women go through, which is during their menstrual cycle, or during their reproductive years, they have a menstrual cycle, which even over the course of 30 days or so, 28 to 31 days on average, they're experiencing profound fluctuations in their hormones. And this is another one of my favorite whiteboard topics. And you know, I remember there was this one patient on their forget, I remember sitting down with her in her living room actually drawing this ad for her. And explaining to her why she has PMS, because her chief complaint, actually, which I thought was an odd reason to come to see me, because I don't think like I offer any genius expertise on this. But I mean, mostly it was just to help control her emotional swings during her cycle. And when I actually drew for her the time course of here are the, you know, here's day one, the day your period starts, here's day one of your next cycle. Here's how your FSH, your follicle simulating hormone, your LH, your lootinizing hormone, your estradial, your progesterone, and your testosterone, very throughout that, and let's highlight what's happening on about day 22 to 28, which is when you have this drop in progesterone, and explaining to her that for some women, that central meaning in the brain, that reduction, that withdrawal of progesterone can create emotional liability and other things, and it's like you're not crazy. That's like saying someone who's depressed because they don't have enough serotonin is crazy. No, I mean, it's just everyone has different neurotransmitters and everyone has a different response to hormones. So it was a very profound thing for her, she's like, oh my God, I've always just thought I was kind of crazy, and I'm just like a moody bitch. And I was like, no, I mean, your mom went through the same thing, your sister goes through the same thing. I mean, this is her retotary, and here are two things that you can do about trying to control this. Again, I don't want to get up on the tangent and go what those two things are that we talked about, but nevertheless, so that's, so that's during a woman's reproductive ears. The second thing that's really profound is, but the time of woman is in her fifth decade typically, all of a sudden that stuff gets shut down. So all of a sudden, she's losing estrogen, she's losing progesterone, and she's losing testosterone. And I include that last one, because most people forget about it. So when you talk about the distinguishing characteristics between men and women, we usually think about testosterone being the male phenotype describing hormone, estrogen and progesterone being the female dominant hormones. And that's true, but what most people don't realize is, when you actually convert the units to the same numbers, so when you go from nanograms per desoliter and peakograms per milliliter, which they're often reported in different units, and you do an apples to apples view. When you look at a woman's highest estrogen level in her life, which, I mean, outside of pregnancy is during her ovulatory cycle. So when she's ovulating, when she has that burst of estrogen, if you take that estrogen level and compare it to her testosterone level on average, which is testosterone varies a little bit by cycle, but not enormously, the testosterone's about 10 times higher than the estrogen. Now the number never looks that way, because testosterone's reported typically in nanograms per desoliter, whereas the estrogen is reported usually in peakograms per milliliter. But if you do the high school calculation of what your chemistry teacher would have you do and put them both in the same units, you'll realize that testosterone is much higher. So even though a woman's testosterone level is much less than a man's testosterone level, a free testosterone for a woman might be one nanogram per desoliter, whereas in a man, the 50th percentile would be about 14 nanograms per desoliter, so called 14, 15 times higher. It is still a very dominant hormone, even relative to estrogen. So when all three of those hormones are basically taken away in a period of two to three years, I don't want to get too far on the soap box, but like definitely top 10 pet peeves, or maybe top five pet peeves, are doctors that completely disregard menopausal perimenopausal and postmenopausal symptoms in women, and who without having ever even read a single study, or tried to understand the limits in the methodologies of the women's health initiative, come to the conclusion, well, no women should ever take hormones, and they should just deal with their postmenopausal hot flashes and perimenopausal symptoms, and eventually let them lose their muscle mass and bone density, because God forbid hormones, cause cancer or some other equally knuckle-headed conclusion. So those are really two huge things. I think a third thing that I've seen, and I gotta be honest, I'm kind of lazy, I don't think I've seen this in the literature, and I haven't probably made a strong enough effort to look at it, but empirically it is so overwhelming that I would be surprised if it's not described in the literature is there's something about multiple pregnancies and the HPA axis in women. So I usually don't see it after women has had two kids, but usually if a woman has had three or four kids, the likelihood that her thyroid bounces back to normal seems not that high. And so I have a couple of patients who came into the practice again, interested in longevity, but their proximate issue of concern was, you know, ever since two years ago, when I had my third child or my fourth child, I have not been able to get back to the same level of energy that I once had. And you look at them and they have a normal TSH typically, but usually their peripheral metabolism of T4 is very altered. And these are, I think in some ways, like kind of the easiest saves, like you, in a very short period of time, you can make a patient feel a hell of a lot better. And they sort of fall through the cracks. And again, I think it might come down to just a failure to appreciate some of the subtle differences between men and women. And again, men are giving birth, fortunately, are species would have died, and we wouldn't have a species if, even a high-responsible for pro creation. Trying to think what else are fundamental differences. I mean, there are many others. I'll part of that question is least studied or understood. I think it was a free economics podcast. They talked about this a little bit where there was a, the fillet of my issue. And I believe that there were, I think they were maybe doing studies, or something where women were involved and obviously birth defects and horrible things happen. And they sort of took women virtually off the table in terms of studying. And so there's a long period of time where it was, I think men were predominantly being studied and were... The subjects of, yeah. Yeah, we would just sort of assume that's whatever we see in the men, we might see in the women. But I think there's been, as far as epidemiology goes, there's been a research in women's studies. And things like that. But I do think that there's, overall they've been understood just in that regard as well. Just looking at the female body versus the male body, instead of just assuming, you know, they're the same. Yep. That's a great example. I remember that, I remember hearing that and thinking, yeah, that's, I mean, everybody knows this story about the letter and the idea, you can't get through med school without it. But it's the ramifications of that. It's that what happened as a result that that's a very interesting point. You know, another difference between men and women, I don't know how well it's been studied, but I mean, most epidemiologic assessments would make a clear case that women all things equal, tend to get less cardiovascular disease. Now, I don't know how eloquently these studies have been done. And I don't know if they've been normalized for APOB and I just know LDLC, my guess is they may not have been. But nevertheless, if you were to make the assumption that once that analysis is done, if all things equal inclusive of APOB inflammation, all of the things insulin sensitivity, even if you want it to be really rigorous, women still get less heart disease than men. And after you've normalized for blood pressure, smoking, and really all of the major factors, you'd have to look at iron levels as a next, interesting concept, right? So there's pretty interesting data in men that the more metabolically deranged they are, the better they do with therapeutic phlobotomy, whereas the less metabolically deranged they are, the less of an effect they have by giving blood, reducing the oxidative stress of iron. So it might be the case that somewhere buried within there is this idea that because, for a great number of years of a woman's life, she is going to have less iron than a man due to her menstrual cycle, that may actually offer protective benefit against heart disease. Again, something I would be interested to know if that's, certainly people have speculated that, but again, I don't know how rigorously it's been documented. And we have another thing out there that's lingering, and you're talking to Richard Isaacs and very soon actually, he'll probably have more insight into this, which is if you look at Alzheimer's disease and you look at the prevalence, I think it's two out of every three cases are women. And so two out of every three cases of Alzheimer's are women, and you could probably say that age is a factor longevity may be a factor in things like that, but I think that that needs to be studied more too. Yeah, because I have a hard time believing that that is purely an age issue. I don't think that the increase in longevity of a woman can affect that much of a gap in, and again, I would be a great discussion with Richard, you're right because you want to make sure that you're not being fooled by a diagnostic distinction and things like that as well. So piggybacking on the women's health a little bit, what are your thoughts on fasting and ketosis for females? Well, you know, again, it's a real tough question because I find all questions of nutrition to be so individual that it's hard to answer them, sort of, in a one-size-fits-all sort of one-stop shop, approach, that said, I think there are a couple of things women need to be thoughtful about. If any woman is having an issue with fertility, I really would not, I just, I couldn't make a case. I can't make a very compelling case for nutritional ketosis if a woman is trying to get pregnant. And I'm sure this is just going to piss off a lot of the keto herd, but because of course, if you're in the keto cult, you believe that ketosis is the optimal state for everything, including, you know, global warming. But the reality is if you look at the FGF levels, and also if you just think about it from an ancestral standpoint, the higher the level of ketone during our evolution, the more likely we were separated from food. And the more likely you're separated from food, the less genetic pressure you should have to be reproducing at that point in time. And this concept is so well preserved in biology. I mean, we had a great discussion with David Sinclair recently to talk about this. And it's even true in the case of the Sertuens, which would be one of the more important regulators of sort of our aging and our and including, you know, our reproductive stress. So I think when you look at the FGF 21 data and the ketosis data, there's a very, and I don't wanna bastardize this because I wish I'd known that I was gonna be asked this question. I would have looked up the paper. It's from a researcher in Texas. I think he's at, he might get UT Southwestern, but he's, if you search, you know, and his name's First Name's David, I'm blanking on his last name, being with an M though, but if you mangled mangled door. Yes, yes, that's him. I saw him presented a meeting once, and it was remarkable data that looked at the differences in a male and female brain in the presence of changing FGF 21 levels. And it was so cool to see this difference the pituitary gland is one of the very few pieces of tissue in the body that has what's called portal circulation, the liver being the other one. So the pituitary has a direct connection, the other pituitary stock to the hypothalamus. The long and short of it is in a collerie restricted state, when ketones are elevated, it suppresses FSH and LH and women, but not in men. This is super interesting to me. And it has a profound evolutionary, I mean, again, maybe I'm just making up a story to fit this, but if we're gonna subscribe to any of Ockham's razor, this would be a great application. In a period of famine, you would want women to stop reproducing. You would want to shut off FSH and LH. You would want men to have no impairment on their testosterone level. That's all the more time that they should be out there and able to get food. So again, I've always been kind of a little bit careful of suggesting that a woman who's trying to get pregnant, be in ketosis. Now look, I know what's gonna happen, everyone's gonna say, well, I got pregnant. When I was in ketosis, yeah, obviously it's possible. I mean, I'm not suggesting it's not, but we're talking about optimization. The second thing, of course, is should a woman be in ketosis during pregnancy. And the answer is, I simply don't know the answer. Clearly we evolved with mothers being in ketosis and having children, I mean, it's be impossible for our species to be here. If mothers were not in ketosis during pregnancy, I mean, we didn't have buffets. But that said, is it optimal? Again, just because something happened in sort of our evolutionary time history, does that mean it's optimal? No, almost not at all. So, is it general rule, and again, I don't like to make general rules when it comes to nutrition? I'm not convinced, it's necessarily the best strategy. Just like I don't think it's the best strategy for kids unless they have seizures or something else, for example. So, you know, a far better strategy is just like don't eat junk food, you know? Don't eat sugar, don't eat highly refined carbohydrates, but you know, should one restrict carbohydrates to the point where they're in ketosis, as a very deliberate act, I'm not convinced that's the case. And of course, when you start to look at things like maternal diabetes or gestational diabetes rather, that's where it gets a little tougher, because ketosis can be a very effective tool for treating type 2 diabetes. And gestational diabetes is not type 2 diabetes, but it has some of its features. So, again, I really, I hope there are some obstetricians out there who spend a lot of time on this problem because it is a huge problem. There are many women who go through this. My sister, I probably have talked about this in the past, and I don't think she'd mind me talking about it. And if she does, I'm in trouble, but, you know, my sister had an operation, when she was quite young, that took out two-thirds of her pancreas. So, during her first pregnancy, she got gestational diabetes, which was to be expected because she had, like, a third of the insulin-producing capacity, and then it happened again during the second pregnancy, and then after that second pregnancy, she actually got type 2 diabetes. Over the course of a year, going on a ketogenic diet, actually working with a company called Vera To Health, that I'm an advisor to an investor in, although that is unrelated to the fact that my sister was getting care from them. She'd lost 50 pounds. Her hemoglobin A1C went somewhere in the 12s to in the 5s in the course of a year, and then she got pregnant again. Well, she decided to go off the ketogenic diet, but still be much more diligent and strict, and despite that, she still requires insulin during this third pregnancy. I suspect she'll have a much easier time recovering, following this pregnancy, but one of the things that's been frustrating, which maybe goes back to this question prior to this is, her obstetricians, like, they have no insight. Like, they have not a thing to offer her, as far as how she should be thinking about managing her blood sugars other than just chronic cram or insulin into her exogenous insulin. So, now, and this is why context matters, and there's no bumper sticker. You could have, you know, the question thoughts on fasting and ketosis for females. You could have somebody with the constellation of abnormalities that is metabolic syndrome, insulin resistant, type 2 diabetic, and maybe for that person, their fertility might be an issue, and going on a ketogenic diet, may get them in a healthier state. Yeah, exactly. It might actually improve their fertility because of the inflammation and all the other stuff that could be happening as a result of what you just mentioned. So, yeah, I, yeah, well said, you should just answer the questions from now. You do better job than me. I probably have way too many bumper stickers there that lack context that need it. What advice would you give to medical students and residents? It's pretty broad. With regard to what? If you don't do it, do it. Yeah, definitely try your spreads every day. Yeah, how do I, probably, how do I, I don't know. I'm, I'm inferring stuff from this, but probably, how do I get through it too? All the way from how do I get through this thing to how do I optimize my time in medical school? And maybe you can sort of look back on your hair. What's there? Maybe I'll start even broader. So, I definitely really enjoy talking to kids in high school and college who want to go into medicine. And I think in part, I think the most important piece of information, and most important, you know, piece of advice I would offer these folks, which is probably somewhat biased by my own experience. So I explain that as a caveat and I say, look, here's my bias. Is don't study premed in college. And for a lot of them, they're like, wait, why? But I know I want to do medicine. Like, why wouldn't I study premed? And I'm like, that's exactly why. Like, all that stuff you learn in premed is like the JV version of what you're going to learn in med school. Like, yeah, you're going to learn a little bit of anatomy and some biochemistry and, you know, physiology and a whole bunch of things. And you'll learn them at like, you know, some sort of superficial level of depth. And then you're going to go to medical school and learn it all in real depth. Okay, great. You just wasted four years. What you really ought to do in college is study first, something that you freaking love. Like, in the end, you want to study something where you don't care about the grades. You're going to do well because you are absolutely obsessed with mastering this subject. And that look, that could be going, you know, an inch wide and a mild deep on something. Like, you know, I want to really study genetics or biochemistry or molecular biology or something. Alternative, it could be, you know what? I want to study philosophy and history or I want to study engineering or whatever. And, you know, but the point is what you, the absolute last thing you want to do is try to cobble together an education that is geared towards asing the MCAT. Like, I can think of no sadder thing to do than to do that. So that's sort of my advice on the people going to medical school. Once you're there, you know, I mean, this sounds kind of touchy-feely, but I remember there were some days in medical school where I was super unhappy. A large part of it was, it was the first time in my life I realized you just had to memorize certain shit. And I had prided myself up until that point in life of never memorizing things. Like, I, you know, I could remember the dates of boxing matches and that was it. Couldn't remember a birthday to save my life. Like, didn't want to memorize anything. And then you get to medical school and you just can't get through one first principles. You didn't. You just, there's just certain things you have to generate a certain base of knowledge before you can even participate in a thoughtful discussion. And, and so that took me like a year to just accept. And there were times when I was super pissed off when I was sitting there studying, thinking like, I'm getting so dumb. Like, I'm not solving problems. There are no differential equations. You know, I don't even get to use vector calculus anymore. One of the things that was very helpful. And I don't remember where this advice came from, but it was very wise advice, which is at any point in life where you're sitting somewhere in your inner situation. And you think it sucks. Go and find someone who would give their left not to be in your situation and go and help them out. So I, I remember having this thought and thinking, you know what, I'm sitting here at, you know, med school at Stanford. I've got a whole bunch of undergrads at Stanford who are among the smartest undergrads in the country. And, you know, half these kids wanted to not have, you know, some percentage of these kids want to get into medical school. And they might not, right? So I remember actually going and just, you know, putting up my name on a billboard in the, I forgot even the name of the God, it's been so, I don't remember the name of the quad, like what the main quad at Stanford was called, but putting up a thing like, hey, anyone who needs help setting for M.C. like, I'm going to be in this room at this time and I'm just going to answer questions. And a bunch of kids showed up and I, you know, I in charge of anything. I was more, it was actually I was doing it for me, right? I was doing it to see what their level of enthusiasm was and could I catch some of that infection again? And it works, you know, it's really a powerful tool. And I did it again in residency. So in residency, there were days when I was like, this fucking socks. Like, I haven't slept in two days. I haven't eaten a proper meal in a week. I haven't even changed my underwear in two days. Like, I just hate my life. I haven't exercised in three days. And then I thought, wait a minute, you are so privileged to be sitting here, right? Like, you know, you are one of six residents that's chosen to be in this categorical program. Look at all of these medical students and Hopkins that would give anything to be here. Do the same thing. Grab two of them, sit down and walk them through something, help teach them something. And you'll see, like, they'd give anything to be where you are. And so, I guess that's, I mean, you could apply that to life, I suppose. But it's particularly helpful in sort of this transition from college to medical school to residency and beyond. One other advice could I give. I mean, I think a lot of the advice I have is so glib and so cliche that, I mean, I feel a bit embarrassing. It, you know, you, hearing it come out of my mouth makes me cringe, but you do have to maintain a balance. In other words, you'd be surprised. Like, let's just say you think there's like a hundred hours of work you need to do to prepare for a certain exam. You're probably better off putting 85 hours into it and spending 15 hours doing something else that is, you know, sort of replenishing you in another way and for some people, that's pleasure reading, like, you know, reading fiction. For others, like me, that was always going to be exercise. For others, it's just sort of blowing off steam and going to get, you know, drunk. Again, not advocating necessarily, but the point is, it is important to get out of that, you know, get out of those books for a while. I did not do that in college. So when I went to college, I just decided, I just wanted to know everything that was noable and that meant studying every minute of every day. I mean, I did exercise, but I didn't socialize at all in college very, very little, actually. Probably drank twice in all of college. And they were both incredibly epic nights, actually. That's another story. I feel like Chevy Chase, like, there's like a fletch moment here, reflecting on that. Bubble, go back to playing basketball on the lakers? Yeah, yeah, with the fro at six inches. But in medical school, I definitely spent way more time having fun. And part of it was like being in such a, this is my first time living in California, it was like, oh my god, like, you can ride your bike outside every day. You know, you can swim, you can do other things. So I think that is important. I think the other thing in medical school, not to lose sight of is why you're doing it. Like, you really, the more frequently you can interact with patients in medical school, the better. Not for the reasons that I think the consortium would say, which is the problem-based learning. There may be some truth to that. Meaning when you take what's called a problem-based learning approach, which was something that I think Harvard borrowed, actually McMaster University was the first to do it, and then Harvard and two or three other prominent schools started doing it, which is basically this idea of kids weren't going to sit in class anymore and do the traditional stuff. They were going to go straight into the words from day one, and then encounter a patient, encounter a problem, and then go back and learn what they needed to learn to do that. You know, whether that approach is right or wrong, actually, have no insight. But what I think you do get out of seeing patients, whether it's in a traditional path like they had at Stanford where you spent the first two years grinding through class and not, was it's really exciting. You start to, I mean, again, now, I think at my stage, it's very easy to take that for granted and be like, my patients are calling me, and I'm trying to enjoy my weekend, and I'm stuck answering 27 emails or calling the lab or doing nothing. But boy, when you're starting out, it is just amazing to realize that you have this bizarre privilege. People are going to tell you shit that they would never tell anybody else. You're going to see people at a very vulnerable state. And that's, I guess it's good to figure out early if that's appealing or not. Because if it's not, if you're not odd by that, you probably don't belong in medicine. Because there's enough things that'll beat that out of you in medicine that if that initially doesn't all you, you know, there's an issue. This is totally unrelated, but Tim Ferris had a podcast once about how to say no elegantly. And I forget who he credits this to, but there's someone who has this criteria, which is if someone asks you to do something, if the answer isn't hell yes, don't do it. Because it's all downhill from there. If Bob, if you call me up and you're like, I've got this great idea. We're going to do blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. If I think, hmm, okay, I'll do it bad idea. I have to think that's the greatest idea I've ever heard. And so similarly, like, if as a college student or as a medical student, you aren't bold over by the beauty of this interaction with the patient, it's worth questioning why you're doing this because it, you will slowly have that sort of, the forces that be will do everything in their power to beat that out of you. That makes sense. It sounds touchy feeling, but it is. Yeah, it's touchy feeling. It's begin with the end in mind. You really have to know what your goal is because more or less you turn the have to use and to get to. So, you know, like, oh, I have to get up early in the morning. I have to be on call. I have to, you know, whatever it is. Even like a profound thing is like for a mother saying, like, I have to change these dirty diapers or something like, I get to change these dirty diapers because I have a kid that I love and we are able to, you know, make this baby together and things like that. And I think when you go through something like medical school, how rigorous and how tough it is, you need, you know. And you, regardless, you're going to have to remind yourself at times because it's going to be tough. Yeah. Yeah. That's, again, well set on the way I'm answering these questions. You always say it better. We'll see. You wrote on Twitter that you are considering different avenues to monetize the podcast in order to make it sustainable. What do you think is the best way to do it? So, this is something that, so, so, we're recording this today on September 11th, I'm not sure when this podcast will actually come out probably later this month or October. But it will have been about three months. We started this in July. So, first of all, the whole thing was started as an experiment. Have we officially put every podcast out that was in that first trial balloon? Yeah. Okay. Cool. So, as of yesterday, with lustig's coming out, that is the experiment. Yeah. We might have squeezed one more in. I think it was, we're going to do 12. And he's episode 14, maybe. And there's also this sneak couple A and maybe this deep dive. So, I guess I would say now having completed the experiment, I have enjoyed the hell out of this way more than I thought I would. And I know which, you know, you and Nixon over there, you guys are both rolling your eyes at me, because you were saying this forever. And so, was Tim and so, was Kevin and Jaco and Onohod and Patrick. And like everybody had been telling me, you got to do this. You got to do this. And honestly, this was one of those things where all I thought of was I have to. Like, I have to do that. I have to do that. And now I look at it like, I get to do this. Like, I get to go and interview people who know more about a subject than I do and pick their brain. And the only thing I have to do is set up a bunch of goofy recording equipment in front of us. I mean, it's, it's really amazing. And I don't actually have to do any of the heavy lifting after. Like, you guys do it. Travis does it. Right? There's like basically three people, four people who do a whole bunch of work after I do a recording. And I never think about it again. I've never listened to one of the podcasts after the fact. So I'm hoping they're turning out okay. But basically, I just get to walk around having spending, you know, about three hours a week, having a cool discussion. So that said, it still is a highly expensive proposition by my back of the envelope calculation. It costs about $2,500 to make each podcast, not including my time, which wouldn't necessarily want to put a price tag on. Because I don't know how to value it. But if I just include the priceless, my time is priceless. Maybe that takes up to $2,550. So, you know, and it, you know, so whatever. So you're going to spend 10 grand a month making a podcast. That's great. But the reality of it is we do need to, we do need to remunerate this for two reasons. One, it's not cool to flush 120 grand on the toilet every year. And, and two, there are a lot of things that I want to be able to do that upon further inspection, if the podcast can not only pay for itself, but pay for some of the research that we want to do. That would be great. We just hired our sixth analyst this month. So we have a team of analysts that basically I would like to be as large as could be as we could afford to manage, which means you manage. You can tell I don't do a lot around here. I sort of take care of patients and that's, well, but right now our research team is basically subsidized by our clinical practice. So everything is under an umbrella called a T a medical and the patients are basically subsidizing our research. And that's fine because the patient's benefit the most from the research. But I would like to figure out a way for the podcast to cover the cost of our research. And if I'm really going to be wishful, not just cover the cost of our analysts, but generate an additional pool of capital to invest in the types of research we want to do at certain universities. So there are a number of investigators around the country who are doing really interesting work, who I think could be doing way more interesting work if they had unrestricted funding to do certain stuff. For example, people have heard me talk about my obsession with wanting to understand if there are biomarkers or things that could delineate a metabolic signature for a toffee. This is the type of project that by my estimation could be done for a relatively low sum of money. Meaning this is not a billion dollar project. This is a project that a few people could get together and solve. I would like to contribute heavily to that. Have a pretty good sense of who the people are that would need to be involved in that project. If we can get IRB approval to do some of the experiments that I think would need to be done, I think those are elegant. So all of those things are things that I would like to see partially and maybe in a dream state completely funded by the podcast. Here's what I have figured out. I probably don't want to do. I don't think I want to sell ads. A couple months ago, I put out some questions on Twitter about, so we can fully talk about the fact that we're drinking top of Chico because we're just advertising for free. We're not getting paid to do this. That's refreshing. I was actually very touched by the feedback that we got on Twitter when we put that question out about, hey, what do you guys think about me, Chuck and ads? Because I almost don't remember a single person saying no, bad idea. Everyone was like, look, you've got to make money to. You've been putting out free content since 2011. You literally have never charged us for anything. You don't have a single ad on your website, blah, blah, blah, blah, by all means sell ads. And so I think I thought, I thought at the time, okay, well let's do it. And here's the way we'll do it. We're only going to sell ads for things that we love and care about and blah, blah, blah, blah. But to be honest with you, then I don't want to close the door to this, but I'm having a hard time seeing how I could make it work because there just aren't that many things that I love. And frankly, I have no idea if Topo Chico would want to sponsor this podcast. They might not care. So at this point, like, I guess there's another deeper point, which is at some point, you will probably have to take an advertising dollar from someone who is incoming versus outbound. So today, if we were going to start advertising, I would just say Nick, by the way, Nick is behind the camera. So at some point, Nick, you should just walk through. So people can see who Nick is, but I would say Nick, can you please go and reach out to these 12 companies? And we've already made a list of like, these are the companies that I love the most. And I use their products religiously. And I pay to use their products, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, let's go out to them and have them sponsor the podcast. And who knows, maybe like a subset of them would do it. Invariably, you're going to have to, you're going to exhaust those avenues and you're going to need to take inbound. My fear is, even though I do, I think I have, you know, very high integrity, at some point, I'm concerned, like what if I just start deciding subconsciously that a certain product is better than another product because it's going to pay a lot more than another product would? I don't know. I'd like to think that's not the case. I'd like to think that I'm impervious to that kind of influence. But I don't know if I am. And if I could prevent having to go down that path, I would like to do so. So I think I don't want to do ads. So I think that basically leaves two options. The first option is to do what my really good friend Sam Harris does and Sam has been beyond generous in his time that he has spent with me walking me through what is involved in a listener support model, which is what Sam does, an entirely listener support model. Sam, also, if anyone hasn't listened to his podcast, he also does a great job explaining his rationale for it and he does it far more eloquently than I could reproduce it here. So if you're interested in why Sam feels strongly about that, it's worth doing. Ron DePatric is also entirely through a listener support model, though it's a different model than Sam's. So I think that is one really good model. Again, I don't think it's going to be as lucrative as ads. I mean, if we're going to be honest, it's probably not as lucrative as ads. But I think in the long run, it actually could be better. The second model is something that I would only be a participant in and it would be, there are lots of people out there talking about a model like Netflix, where there's a number of people would be part of a podcast network, where you only get to listen to their podcasts if you are a member of the Netflix equivalent. That is something that has only been put on my radar over the last two or three weeks. So it's a little hard for me to sort of quantify and understand the economics of that. I mean, I understand the economics of it, but really press your test them. But that could also be advantageous because again, it has the luxury of being it frees you from the constraints of ads. It has its drawbacks. Frankly, I mean, you're going to lose listeners if you do that. Even if you make more money, you still lose listeners. It will reach fewer people because the probability that everybody who's listening to a podcast for free will go and join a service for that. I think is relatively low. So I know it's not a great answer because I haven't given the answer, but I would like to believe that by 2019, we are absolutely monetizing this podcast and I suspect that it will be one of the latter two approaches and not an advertising approach. I will say this if we do go down that, and if we end up going down those paths, I would still like to talk about products that I like because one of the pieces of feedback we did get from that sort of very informal pull we put out was people want to know what things we like and to be able to actually shock the products we like when we're not getting paid to shock them, tells you we're really just shock them because we like them. So, I like this ring, I like this ambulance siren, I like this bottle of water, whatever it is, we can just talk about it openly and I think that there's benefit to people in that because then they'll know like, okay, wow, that's the way. That's an ideal way to get an ad. Okay. Given anything to say to make what I just said better, like you did with every other question. What is it about Buffett and Munger? They did the annual meetings? Yeah. A lot of times they just I forget like what he said basically. I thought that was well said. What he said. That's like, I'm not going to add. I think that's what it is. We'll say you go to Charlie Munger after Buffett does like a dissertation, you know, an economics. I have nothing to add. That's what I'm going to strive for. Next question, what exactly are you looking to achieve and monitor with your blood glucose monitor? Your CGM, your G6, which you another product, you probably love. I love the G6 and I'll talk about it all day long and without advertising it without receiving advertising dollars to talk about it. You know, it's funny, the G6 along with the or a ring, which I've talked a lot about, are these, and I've worn every wearable that there is. But they're the only two that seems sticky enough that I can't stop wearing them. Like if I like a month ago, I went to charge my or a ring and I forgot to put it back on my finger when I went to bed. So I slept without it and I woke up the next morning and realized I didn't have an idea of the data. Like it made any goddamn difference in my life. I was so pissed. The horror. I was like, God, how could you forget to put your ring on my um there's probably a whole separate issue with that. But um and the same thing with like the continuous glucose monitor, I just it's hard for me to imagine I used to not know my glucose in real time. So there are a couple things from it, right? The first is it's a great way for me to control my behavior. And I know it's tempting to want to believe that I'm somehow impervious to the forces of bad food. But the reality is a reality of it is I am not. There was a day I think when I you know had a remarkable resilience and willpower and I could do anything. You know eat this, don't eat that exercise like this, exercise, yeah. I could I was a robot for so much of my life until three years ago and something just happened in 2015 and I just fell off the rails and I've never got back on. I simply do not possess the intestinal fortitude to be a robot anymore. And I I could speculate on several of the reasons for that, which I don't want to get into. But the long and short of it is here I am. I am in an environment where like you know yesterday I was on a plane and they were handing out shit cookies and bullshit. I really wanted a cookie. I think the only reason I didn't eat that cookie that was bigger than my head is because I knew I'd have to look at my CGM data after. I mean so there is no more powerful behavioral tool for me than my CGM. Because in the end I'm kind of a competitive person internally. Much more competitive internally than externally by the way. And I just can't stand to see spikes of glucose. It just drives me nuts. And so which is not to say I don't go off the rails sometimes. I absolutely do. We were in the Fenway Park through the day and I had fries. Now luckily I had fasted all day and worked out. So I didn't actually experience a spike of glucose from the fries. So I got to have the fries without the badness. But I was sort of ready for it. I was kind of bracing myself like, oh you might get a little testy seeing this thing. But that actually gets to the second point which is it has allowed me to very eloquently calibrate how to tether activity levels, nutrient deprivation, the consumption of treats, and minimize the damage. I don't know that I could drive a race car very well without seeing my RPM tack. Like if you plugged my ears so that I couldn't actually hear the rev of the engine and you took away my RPM tack and said drive. Could I still drive the car? Yes. Could I drive it half as well as I can drive it when I know exactly where I'm shifting at every moment where I need to shift? No. There's simply no way. Like we don't, we're feedback machines. We need feedback. So yeah, I mean I'm a huge CV at CGM advocate and really looking forward to what the next few years will bring when these things can become a lot more affordable and a lot more accessible. And the question is, can that be done without them remaining as medical devices? So the one I wear now is that that's gone G6 is a medical device. It's an FDA approved device and it gives you a number that is in this case incredibly accurate. It's probably plus or minus two or three percent specifically for the purpose of someone with diabetes being able to dose their insulin. The FDA will very likely not allow such a device into a consumer market because the concern would be that such a device could be used outside of a prescriptive relationship with a physician to dose insulin. So they're in lies a whole bunch of issues that would basically the way it would happen today is the FDA would basically have to neuter the device such that the information couldn't be used for treatment purposes, which means they either take away the real time nature of it, which is what makes it so valuable, or give you a bunch of ranges and the loot the accuracy. Those are basically the two levers with which you could neuter one of these devices, deliberately which sounds crazy right like it's like the backwards step. Okay, I know you have a zip-o lighter. We're going to start using sticks instead. We're going to rub them together. So, but all that said, hopefully, in an ideal world, the medical device becomes cheap enough that if you want that level of precision, fidelity, and real-time feedback, you'll just look, doctors write prescriptions for way crazier things than CGMs. You got docs out there writing prescriptions for pain meds all day long, and every hormone under the sun. I don't think it's a big stretch to say doc. I need a CGM. And I think you might have mentioned this too, in terms of what you're looking to achieve in monitor with your blood glucose. You might have said that it's a proxy for your insulin, and maybe you could explain why there isn't a continuous insulin monitor alongside your glucose monitor, because that would be a good tool. Yeah, and I looked into this real lot in 2011 and 2012, I've even met with the engineer. He's actually, I don't know if he's still there, but I don't remember his name now, unfortunately, but he was, he might have been an emeritus professor of engineering at UCSD, but he was actually the first guy to figure out actually how to do these real-time glucose monitors. What are called a point of care device? I actually took him out to lunch one day to pick his brain on, well, why don't we just do this for insulin, and he was like, would that be interesting? And it was just funny to talk to him, because he's an engineer, like, well, why would he know that insulin would be as interesting as glucose or more interesting? And so we actually dug into this a lot, and basically the short of it is, if you can't measure the assay using an antibody or enzymatic reaction that very quickly, without any washing yields and answer, you can't do it at a point of care device, and insulin is pretty hard to measure. So it was initially measured using something called a radioimmune assay. I believe today they're usually done with something called Eliza's, which are these enzyme linked, you know, and I won't rattle off what Eliza stands for, but it's it's a chemical reaction where you have to, you know, put an enzyme on something rinse it off, put another one on rinse it off, etc. So in other words, it can't be done in a moment. So absent that, I don't really see any direct way to measure insulin in real time. Now, I've had discussions with some companies who are interested in using CGM data to impute changes in insulin, and I think that could be done, but I think it's a lot harder than people realize and you would need a lot of data to do it, meaning you wouldn't just be able to do it off the CGM. You'd have to do the CGM coupled with a lot of blood draws where you actually could, you know, basically build a regression curve off insulin and glucose to predict for future insulin. There in May lie and answer down the line. So absent that, a good proxy for having a low level of insulin is going to be a low level of glucose and a low level of glucose variability. And the CGM spits out those reports. So you go into it, I have mine here, I'm making noise with my stupid Mike, but you know, you go into, it low glucose variability, one might, yeah, I don't know if people can see this, but I didn't infer that the A1C might be telling you that. Although the A1C is not telling you anything about the variability, but I don't know, let's talk about A1C in a moment, but you can see that I can spit out at any point in time of 90 day, 30 day, 14 day, or seven day report, and that report gives me average glucose and glucose standard deviation. That's the variability. So why is that relevant? Well, the, you could have an average glucose of 85, 95, whatever, with the standard deviation of 10, which is very low variability, or you could have the same glucose level with the standard deviation of 30, and those are very different insulin profiles. So you want to keep, you want to keep that balance closer. I've largely discounted hemoglobin A1C in an absolute sense as a meaningful number. I think it's, you know, it's directionally tolerable, but mostly shit. And I know that because now I've used CGM in so many patients with calibration and compared it to A1C, and you realize that the A1C is really at the mercy of its most important assumption, which is a red blood cell lives for 90 to 120 days. Anything that takes it outside of that range leads to an over or under estimation of the A1C, and therefore an over or under estimation of the average glucose. And you can, with the A1C theoretically, you can say, I have an A1C of 5.4, and you can compute what your average glucose levels were. Theoretically. Yeah. So the way the A1C works is you measure the A1C and you impute the average glucose. The way the CGM works is you measure the average glucose, which is actually all that matters, but you can impute the A1C. My A1C runs very high because I have this condition called beta thalosemia trait. So I have a bunch of these, I think I talked about this in the podcast. And one of the shit for blood is, yeah, yeah, the fact that I'm trying to make Matt a used to call me shite for blood. Always in a Scottish accent. Yeah, shite for blood. So my little shite blood cells live a long, long, long time. They, I don't have no idea, but it's clearly longer than 120 days. So my A1C is very high. The lowest A1C I've ever seen in myself is 5.6 and the highest is 6.0. I'm basically just on A1C, I'm a pre-diabatic, pretty much all the time. On CGM, when you take a highly calibrated rigorous, you know, look, my average blood glucose imputes that I would have in A1C between 4.5 and 5. That's sort of the range that I would live in. So that's a material difference. And again, I've seen that difference in both directions with patients using CGM. So my hope is that in 10 years, maybe that's ambitious, I would hope that the Hemicloven A1C can't even be ordered on a lab. And everyone just has a CGM, you know, and it's like a trivial little, you know, thing that, you know, even if you're getting a life insurance exam, you just wear the CGM for two months. And the data comes from that as opposed to actually measuring this non-sensical number. Is it just me or other way more like sirens today? Yeah, 9-11 in New York City, I don't know if that's... Yeah, it's interesting. I feel like it's been non-stop sirens today, which is, I'm sorry for the listener, but I think they get the heads up that you're doing a podcast and just want to buzz the tower. So that works. Surprise, I haven't been drag racing anymore. That 14's going by. I didn't get the permission for a fly by there. Negative ghost rider. The pattern is full. Lithium or Lithium supplementation. Can you share your thoughts slash experiences? Yeah, so I think the evidence that groundwater containing higher levels of lithium, rather than lower levels of lithium contributing to better mental health is, you know, as good as any such data can be, which is to say not great. I call it like tier two epidemiology. So the worst epidemiology in the world is people who exercise this way have this much life or people who eat this way have this much, you know, disease or whatever. Like that's the worst epidemiology because you're measuring, you're trying to accurately assess inputs and outputs. So that's like that epidemiology I just think we should stop doing that. For the most part, it's epidemiology. This hypothesis generating and this is an interesting observation more or less. It's an interesting hypothesis. But the reason I'm calling this tier two epidemiology is like one of those variables is fixed. Like the groundwater lithium concentration doesn't require you. Yeah, there's no health that you use or bias in who's doing that. The only thing you're measuring is the mental health on the other side. So in other words, that's a better type of epi. Just like the IGF one I alluded to earlier. But it's actually not subtle, right? So if you look at those data, it's actually not that subtle. When you overlay the US map of groundwater of lithium and mental health, it's a very nice association. Now, there is no doubt in my mind that you could think of other explanations for that. And that's the beauty of trying to be thoughtful about these things as well. Maybe the lithium in the groundwater is a proxy for something else. Maybe it's a proxy for education for socioeconomic status, for weather. Like you could think of 10 other things that could be that. So all of that said, at the first order, it doesn't appear that there's an obvious proxy. But there still may well be. But at the other end of the spectrum, what's the cost of the intervention of trying it out? And so I decided several years ago that I wanted to try taking some lithium to see if it could help stabilize my mood. But that's sort of a crazy thing to do. So I did a ton of homework. And luckily one of my best friends, Paul Conti, who I've interviewed and will hopefully be on the podcast shortly, maybe even by the time this has come out. Well, that's that true. Do you know the order of those, Nick? Oh, sweet. All right. So you'll have already met Paul Conti by the time this comes out. You know, Paul has an unbelievable experience with lithium because he is one of the few psychiatrists out there remaining who is still very comfortable using lithium in monotherapy for high risk by polar patients. So usually a patient with bipolar disorder is treated with several drugs. But in some cases, some of the drugs, either the patients don't respond. They're recalcitrant to the drug or they produce such negative side effects. They can drive up, you know, suicidal ideation, things like that, that you basically have to resort to just lithium. And now that's our really scary. That's about as scary a case as a psychiatrist can be in because you basically have to put enough lithium in that patient to take them almost to a toxic dose without pushing them over. So I wanted to learn everything about lithium toxicity from talking with Paul. And this is going to sound a little crazy. But when I first started taking lithium, I actually took it at a very high dose. Not the dose that someone who was taking monotherapy for bipolar would take, but I was taking about half that amount. So I was taking about 600 milligrams a day. And again, I'm hesitant to talk about this because I know some knucklehead is going to go and take 600 milligrams of lithium a day. Let me be crystal fucking clear. If you were not under the care of a physician who is super dialed in on how to measure lithium levels when to measure lithium levels, which lithium's you take because it comes in a bunch of forms. Doing this is tantamount to, you know, suicide. I mean, it's complete stupidity. So with all of that said, under the most careful, closely monitored conditions that one could have, including getting lithium levels checked constantly, I spent about a year taking 600 milligrams of lithium a day. In two doses, two different types of lithium a slow release a fast release. I did it as an interesting experiment and I didn't tell anyone I was doing it because I wanted to know if anybody else would appreciate because I'm an emotionally volatile crazy guy. So it was like, there should be a noticeable difference. And interestingly, the first person to notice it was my wife, which is about four months in when she was like, something's different in you. What is it? Again, I have no idea because of course, by me knowing I was taking the lithium, maybe that altered my behavior. In the end, I decided I did not want to take mega doses of lithium because I did notice I could actually have side effects. The first side effects of too much lithium or nausea. Now, even when you're nauseous on lithium, you still don't reach the blood level that approaches the toxic levels, which makes me wonder how those poor patients who are constantly taking 900 to 1200 milligrams a day of lithium are tolerating it. But I noticed whenever I traveled through different time zones, if I took the lithium at different times because it was being compressed. If I was stacking time zones, flying east, I would start to get nauseous when I took it. I was like, what the hell is that? From when I realized, oh my God, you probably just effectively took 900 milligrams. So I was like, you know what, this is the way this is, I don't think there's enough upside. I feel a bit better on this, but I don't feel that much better that it's worth this hassle. So I just stopped it for a couple of years. And then recently, like about two years ago, I decided, I went back and looked at the data and I was like, look, if those groundwater data are correct, you don't need to be taking that much lithium to reproduce the levels. It's we're not contended 20 milligrams. And that's actually an over-the-counter dose. So that's why I take it. Again, you could put this in, I have certain things that I take that I put in the category of probably not harmful, not sure how much value I'm getting out of it. This would be one of those things. The penny in front of a bulldozer. Yeah, this is the two by two, right? So the reward is, are you getting a penny or are you getting a Bitcoin? The risk is, are you picking this up in front, is it like picking that thing up in front of a tricycle or a train? This to me is trying to pick up a penny, call it a dollar. Inflation. It's picking up a dollar in front of a tricycle. At the end of the day, hey, it's a dollar. It's a dollar more than I had before. And if I'm wrong, a tricycle hitting me is not a lot of work. What you never really want to do is pick up dollars in front of trains. If you are going to step in front of a train, it better be to get a, you know, basket of things. Yes, exactly. Yeah. Yeah. So I don't know if you said this, but when your wife said, there's something different. She noticed something different. Did she say what it is? Or do you know what was that difference? Yes, she said you're less of an asshole. Interesting. It wasn't subtle. She said, I don't know how to put my finger on it. It's something about your as holadness is gone down. Decreased. Okay. And then when you supplement it on, you said maybe like 10 milligrams versus 600, where you do you think you're achieving the same effect? Now it's impossible to know because the very first time I did all this stuff was before I meditated and apparently before I paid attention to any of this stuff, I think I can be just as much of an asshole today as I used to be. I think the difference is I'm now so much more aware of it that I can correct my assholeness quicker, like I can be an asshole, but then I'll snap out of it in like 20 minutes as opposed to two days. So I think now there are so many confounders that it would be impossible for me to say as lithium made any difference in my mental health. Truthfully. Okay. Insights about burbering. So burbering is a plant derived extract that has two properties. One of which it gets a lot of attention for. One of which it might not be as well known. The first is that it is a week AMP kinase activator. And for those of you that have shown an interest in what metformin does, that's probably the secret sauce of metformin is it's AMPK activation. So burbering when taken at recommended OTC doses, which I remember the dose is any more I think it's like a, it might be actually a comparable dose to metformin. It might be like either 500 twice a day or a thousand twice a day. Does have some of that week AMPK activation. And what that, the net effective that is it decreases hepatic glucose output. So it's a burglating AMPK is telling the liver hey you can make less glucose. So send less glucose out of the body. And so in that sense it's a poor man's version of metformin. I don't find that that interesting. I prefer to just use metformin. If we're going to you know, for going to go down that path, like let's do it pharmacologically with, you know, potent drugs that we understand that are consistent from batch to batch that have a much higher sort of oversight of regulation and that kind of stuff. The other thing about burbering, and this is that this is when I still do use it in clinical practice, is it is also a week inhibitor of the enzyme PCSK9, which any listener this podcast is going to be very well on to speed on what PCSK9 is. The word on the street is it probably only works in a subset of people who over express PCSK9. So PCSK9 is a protein that degrades LDL receptors. So if you over express this enzyme, you're going to really degrade LDL receptors. You're going to have a higher LDL particle number and probably a higher LDL cholesterol. If you take that subset of patients, they seem to respond quite nicely to burbering. Now the question is, how do you know that? I don't think there's a test anymore to measure that. Athera tech, which I think might have got absorbed into vapour, something like that. I think you used to have a test, but in the end I was like, why am I going to do some tests on somebody to see if they over express PCSK9 before I give them burbering? I'll just give them burbering, make no other change, and see if there's not a significant enough difference in their LDL. I don't care. And everyone's in a while, you just look like a rock star. You get this patient whose LDL is really high and you check your boxes, like they don't have their triglycerides, aren't that high, their fight of steriles, aren't that high, their stannels, aren't that high, their dysmosphalis, aren't that high. Hey, they clearly have defective LDL clearance, maybe they over express PCSK9, which would be one of a thousand reasons you could have, like literally there are two thousand genetic mutations that can lead to an inability to clear LDLs that would go to this is like one of them, but this one amounts to about 5% of them. And so in that patient you hit them with burbering and all of a sudden like everything's fixed. Do you see that with an that form in it all? No, no, I don't think that the form in possesses that that piece of what burbering has. Okay, what is your reasoning for taking baby aspirin? And what does the science say? Well, interesting timing. So the science has changed on this as of about a month ago. So my thinking on this has actually changed in the past month. Historically, I took baby aspirin just because I come from a family where heart disease is rampant and that's sort of, you know, if, you know, in the spirit of our good friend Charlie Munger, you brought up a moment ago, you know, show me where I'm going to die and I'll try to not be there. So, you know, the crystal ball says I'm probably going to die of heart disease. So let's do everything in our power to mitigate it. Let's keep the lipids as low as possible. Information as low as possible. Don't do anything that's going to exacerbate endothelial dysfunction. Take the baby aspirin, which probably acts primary, you know, somewhat through it probably has some effect on inflammation, but probably the majority of its effect is obviously on platelets. And therefore reducing thrombotic events, which are the final, you know, like that's what pushes you off the cliff when you have an MI. I would have said that prior to a month ago, my view on baby aspirin was, if your aspirin works test as positive. So the aspirin works test as a test we do in urine that measures metabolites of platelets and basically tries to predict which patients will and won't respond to baby aspirin. If that level is high, my practice used to be to put patients on a baby aspirin. If there was at least one other reason to do so. So, if they had an elevated LPPA-L-A2, if they had an elevated LP-L-A, if they had a significant enough risk of heart disease, that I would feel that that those two things, and I fit in that category, right? So I have a normal LP-L-A normal LP-L-A2, but my family history for heart disease is high and my aspirin works was high. So that's why I take a baby aspirin. And then you have to weigh that against the consequence of a baby aspirin, which is look, you're going to have a little more easy bruising. You have the run a small risk, almost unmeasurable of having an ulcer nowadays, we're using, you know, because using a baby aspirin, it's interrically coded. You know, this is a far lower risk than say taking ibuprofen or something like that. The coding helps it get in, was it in the small intestine rather than the stomach? Yeah, basically prevents it from, you know, sort of destroying the gastric mucosa. Now that said, there was a study that came out, probably about three weeks ago, we could link to it, that looked at healthy. So low risk populations, and it found that the risk of taking a baby aspirin was very small, which we always knew, but the benefit was also very, very small. Such that it was pretty much a wash. And I would say that, you know, that's the nature of clinical medicine. As more and more data become available, you start to revise your criteria. How will this change the way I practice? I will likely be just a little bit less interested in giving baby aspirin to a patient who is otherwise low risk. And then certainly patients that had it didn't have an elevated aspirin work, so I would rarely use it anyway, unless there was some other overwhelming reason. Will I keep taking it? You know, as I look to streamline the list, you know, I'm always kind of tweaking what I'm taking. You know, one thing that's interesting about baby aspirin, it's not a great this is a great example of like what our research team is capable of, right? I used to also think baby aspirin was a reasonable thing to take on a flight. You know, if you're fly, if you're on a long flight, you don't want to minimize your risk of a blood clot, take a baby aspirin, especially if you have another risk factor. So any patient I had that had an elevated LP little A which is increases your risk of blood clotting probably by two X, although that's still debatable. Pay those are great, you know, those are patients that should take two baby aspirin on a flight kind of thing. Then we had the team look into this right? I think Dan looked into all this stuff and wrote it really nice white paper on it and it turned out that the data didn't support it at all, actually. You know, so you were basically in the camp of either taking flight tabs or low molecular weight happen, which I've taken low molecular weight happen, but it's injectable. I've taken it on really long flights and in the end I'm like, it's just not worth the frickin hassle. I'd rather just get up and walk around as much as possible. So, but yeah, and just a great example of how a lot of times things that are intuitive might turn out to be not necessarily standing up to the rigor of a clinical trial. And these are the things that are easy to study in clinical trials. You know, a lot of times clinical trials don't answer questions that we care about, but this is the kind of stuff where they can give you a pretty good answer. Okay. This is switching gears a little bit. How do you use heart rate variability as a metric in your practice and or in your own personal use? Sleep pre post exercise, pre post eating, every morning readiness? Yeah, I mean, so when I started getting into heart rate variability, it was long before there were commercial, you know, like rings and wearables that were making it easy to track. And so, um, got on blanking on the guy's name, got me into it. His name is Will Eden. Works for Peter Teal. And I don't know how I met Will. But, you know, we had a bunch of friends in common and somehow we met and, um, suppose for like six years ago. And I went up and spent the day in Peter's office and, um, he was showing me like the raw data on their heart math. So heart math was a company that was running the algorithm on chest straps. So you have chest strap that was gathering a data and then heart math was the algorithm you're doing it. And I was really impressed by the data. It roughly speaking, what is heart rate variability? I guess it's worth defining this. This would be another great whiteboard discussion. But, um, why don't we get a little, like, we should have had like a little post it, like, a little, white, little flip chart here. Okay. We could just draw on the walls too. Sure kids. Do it sometime. Going to hear a funny story about this. Yeah. So I got in really late last night. And, uh, but it was still early enough that somehow my race was up. But I, like, as I landed, he's just getting ready to go to bed and I'm like, oh, I just, I want to, like, face time. I'm right. So we have this thing where I tell him stories every night. And I don't know where this came from, but like, I just decided the name of the character was regionaled. I just love the name, Reginald, right? So I'm like, Reginald is a four year old boy who has a younger brother and an older sister. And it's like, everything is about re-success. It's not about rease. It's regional. And rease is obsessed with trash cans, but regionals obsessed with helicopters. So we're into a sweet, regional story. And you can see my wife is sitting next to him and she's like, kind of rolling your eyes, like, come and get on with that. I'm like, I got to get this kid to bed. And I'm like, so I was like, I got to make it a quick story. So I'm like, one day, Reginald wanted to draw a picture, but he couldn't find any paper. So he grabbed his markers and he drew a big helicopter on the wall. And rease like sits up and he goes, he did what? And I hear my wife go, good story, Dad. And I'm like, oh, I mean, but after he drew the helicopter on the wall, he was grounded for a month and never allowed to draw again. And he did like, walked myself back. It's a good save. I think Dad's just do that. Like, I think we just give kids bad ideas and we don't realize it because we fling foot in mouth disease. I think it's term. Yeah, I think so. Even like today, I heard I heard about it again. She's like, he's still talking about regional drawing on the wall. Like, just so you know when that happens, you're the one painting it. It's like, fine. Sorry. Just trying to tell a story. What was I talking about? Dr. H RV. Oh, HRV. Right. So when you look at this old, so people listening to this, I'm sorry. This won't make much sense, but if you're watching this hopefully you'll see this. So when you look at an EKG, which you probably appreciate is there's like this little P wave, which is the A-Trial and then there's the little down tick of the Q, the R and the S wave and that's the ventricular contraction and then there's the T wave, which is the repolarization. And so that is like one heartbeat. P, dip Q, spike R, S, T. Can people see that? I think what I'm doing on that part. I bet I can figure out the technology that it like makes when you're doing that, we can make the sign-up wave. That would be very wrong to put it. Ronda would do that. That's that's that's Ronda would take it to that level. We might be too lazy. Okay, so let's say somebody's heart rate is beating 60 times per minute. They're at rest. The length of time between those R waves, because the spike of the R wave is the most obvious place to measure the beat to beat time, would be one second. Right. 60 beats per minute. If you're beating 120 beats per minute, it would be half a second or 500 milliseconds. So what heart rate variability is doing is asking the question, how much variability is there between those beats? And you might think, well, if you're just sitting there at rest, how much variability can there be? And the answer is it depends on what time scale you're using to measure it. If you're just measuring it in seconds, not much at all. But if you're measuring it in 1000s of a second or milliseconds, there could be quite a bit. So somebody who's EKG or heart rate measurement looks like it's chugging along at 60 beats per minute. It might still be, you know, 970 milliseconds, 1,030 milliseconds, 1,000, 5 milliseconds, 970 milliseconds, et cetera. There's a mathematical algorithm that you apply, that you apply to that called the root mean square of the standard deviation that basically RMSSD that basically turns that number. It's a transformation. So it's in mathematics, we call these things transformations. Where you basically compress these numbers and you can then now measure how much variability is going on. Okay. I don't want to get much more into the math on that in large part because actually don't, I'm not, you know, like I'm not an expert on this topic. There's a little bit of this on the the lestic part. That's right. Yeah, I'll talk about the high frequency versus the lest frequency that's right. And we included that in the shown us. So that's what we're looking at the difference between the RR intervals, something like that. Well, the RR interval is the raw data. Like so, so I'll back up for a moment. So when I got really into this, there were basically two companies that were doing the analysis, heart math and first beat. I chose to work with first beat, even though I would say at the time, both of the algorithms were excellent. But the first beat was a, you actually, it came with its own little EKG thing. So it came with a, you would put a sticker here and you'd put a sticker here. And basically you hung this little battery packed wire across your chest. Like a couple of leads, I knew. You had a couple of leads. Yeah. And it was actually funny because the, the, the, the stickiness of their leads was so profound. I have like leather skin, like nothing can hurt me. I was like completely tore my skin off. I was like for a year, two years after, I started using it. I was depigmented where I had those leads. It's like, so we ended up like realizing, well, this is going to be really hard to do with patience. So they came out with like a less sticky lead and we got to wait a bit. But it would capture the data. Then you would actually have to send the device, you know, you have to plug the device in your computer and it would sort of do the analysis. Before I get to what I do today, the more important point is what did that data tell us, what were we looking for. So we were looking for several things. So the device could measure heart rate, heart rate variability and respiratory rate. Obviously, it has the, it's, it has the sensitivity to measure the thoracic movement. It would use an algorithm. First beat had an algorithm and I'm sure heart math has its own algorithm and they're both proprietary to impute from that whether they believed that the user was in a more parasympathetic or sympathetic state or under a period of profound stress like exercise. So if heart rate variability became very low and heart rate and respiratory rate were high, it would basically impute that to be you are exercising and it would graphically represent that one way. If heart rate were low, heart rate variability were high, it would interpret that as low sympathetic tone, low fight or flight tone, high parasympathetic tone, it would represent that a certain way and you can extrapolate from there. So the advantage of this is you could get really cool data and you would typically have the patient wear this for three days, taking it off only to shower. So they would exercise with it, they would sleep with it, they would change the lead once a day. It became a really helpful way for us to try to look at sleep patterns. The problem is the compliance was very low, most patients didn't want to do it and it took so long to get the data. If a patient was in New York doing this, they'd have to mail the thing back to Mary and San Diego and it was just kind of a pain in the ass. So the products like aura ring or there's others like whoop tries to do this motive tries to do this. I can't speak to their technology as well, but nevertheless now we can basically get those data every day when we wake up, just looking at the data from our wearable. So as a general rule, you want to see higher heart rate variability because that's a marker of more parasympathetic flow, provided again, it's being measured correctly. So the things that I've observed, so when you look at the recovery index on the aura ring, which is one of its menus, what it's basically doing is using a lot of data, but one of them is the parasympathetic, the heart rate variability. So as you over train your heart rate variability, we'll go down, your resting heart rate will go up. I think I've talked about this in the past, but I mean, alcohol and shitty food close to bed time will absolutely tank my resting heart rate, meaning it will drive it way up and will drive my heart rate variability down. And it's not subtle. It's not like, well, that's on the edge, no, no, like it's because you see the tracing of the data overnight. It's only reporting the average in the max, but you can just look at the raw data and it's pretty clear that, you know, those things, you know, really diminish those parameters and by extension and your recovery and your sleep quality. So heart rate variability then becomes one of the parameters along with temperature, movement, et cetera, that then feeds into the algorithms that predicts sleep quality and recovery. Again, I've kind of forgot the question, but I know it had to do with heart rate variability. Yeah. How you use it in the practice and personally, you know, wondering, like, do you, is it actionable? I mean, you've talked about doing deadlifts and saying, I forget the number, but it's, it's not small. Where you say you're doing deadlifts, you'll warm up, you're, you're going to be warming up to a heavy. And then you actually you walk away because you're not feeling at that day. Is there anything that you look at it with the HRB, you've already necessarily things like that and say, I'm, I'm feeling great, but this thing is telling me, I absolutely, I, so there's two things that are really valuable. The first is this gets to the point we made with the CGM, which is real time feedback is awesome. Take away real time feedback. It's hard to do anything. I mean, everybody's heard the famous experiments when you put on a headphone that delays your voice, you hearing your voice by a few seconds. You can't carry on for more than a sentence. Oh, yeah, right? I've experienced that. Yeah, so that's actually that's horrible. That's like negative feedback. That's not just taking away the feedback. That's like actually inserting negative feedback, which is incredibly destructive. So the first thing is when I wake up in the morning and I see that my HRV or my heart rate or my temperature or my respiratory rate is off. And again, I have my parameters. I know what I want to be. I immediately can say, what did you do different? I mean, that's how I sort of figured out what my tolerance for alcohol was. You can have one drink, don't have two. And by the way, one's not even good. Like one gives you slight hit to is a brick over the head. And probably what time are you drinking that? Yeah, like when are you drinking that? And then like, that's how I've certainly figured out like meal timing. Like, oh, boy, you're eating a little too close to bed. Like, that's not good. Room temperature. Like all of, you know, all of the crap that I do is largely based on this empirical iterative tinkering approach, which allows me to have data. And then, of course, by giving patients these devices, you can figure out what's true for a patient because it might necessarily be true for me. So in many ways, I'm trying to help a patient understand how they can do the tinkering so that they can figure out their optimal state. I mean, for example, I like a room to be as cold as is humanly possible. I mean, if it's like, if I don't get under the covers and feel incredibly uncomfortable, I'm going to be too hot, by by my standards. But that, you know, that might be not at all your standard, right? So, so that's that. And then to your point, yeah, the readiness score for me, especially when I'm starting to feel a little sick, sometimes that readiness score becomes the hard danger of that. And, you know, I like to see, and also it also gives me some inclination. You'll often see it dip after you've had two consecutive days of really hard workouts. Now, I will say this. I don't think it's as sensitive to lifting workouts. So it doesn't seem to possess the ability to distinguish between like you did deadlifts until you puked versus you, you know, you're at the hotel gym and you did leg press. Like it can't, it but what it sure is how knows is like you went out and, you know, expanded 1500 kilo joules, yesterday on a bike, or, you know, 1000 kilo joules in a run where you ran at, you know, seven minute miles. Like it knows that. And you stack a couple of those days on top of each other and it says, wow, that's that's serious almost. I'd love to see the data on, you know, because I think a couple of teams in the Twitter fronce were the aura ring this year, I'd love to see what those data were like, their recovery score is must have been the lowest numbers imaginable because of the physiologic stress thrown. So, yeah, despite the fact that they're so fit and like, you know, the most remarkable physical specimens, you know, I've been just like at the sort of the trend over the course of the three weeks. Yeah, and see the dip. Yeah, yeah, I'm really interesting. I need to make a note to, because I, I'd like to follow up and see if if anyone's ever been willing to share those data. And you mentioned, you may have mentioned this before, but when you, when you fasted, you did a week long fast. You said your sleep was remarkable. Yes. Did the aura ring, did that, did it corroborate it in any way? When you looked at the, the data from the aura ring that it tells you anything? Really deep sleep. Yeah, the biggest doubt, the deep sleep is what went up the most. So, the deep sleep went up the most, the light sleep went down the least. I went down the most. So, so, so Sage 1 and 2 went down, Sage 3 and 4 went up. Rem was about unchanged. HRV was higher. Um, resting heart rate was, was like, what you would, it was, resting heart rate was on par with what it is if you're not eating and drinking before bed. Um, trying to think what else, I have to go back and look, I think respiratory rate went down. Which I think is a VCO2 thing. I think that the shittier and more carbie, a meal is before bed, the higher your VCO2, you're really trying to blow off more of that CO2. Yeah. We know that your respiratory quotient is higher. So, unless your VCO2 is going up your VCO2 has to be the thing that's going up more, that wouldn't surprise me to see respiratory rate go up a little bit. And anecdotally, that's at least what I think I'm seeing. Interesting. So, do we halfway through this yet? What do we have? We're at an hour 45. We have God damn. I freaking talk too much, man. I have a question. Yeah. Yeah. We could get through more questions if we, if we do a gimmick. I mean, you love gimmicks. You love, you love, you know, I love gimmicks. Bumper sticker. Bumper sticker. Bumper sticker. Woll paper your cars with bumper stickers. I was thinking we could do like a speed round or I used to watch pardon the interruption. Where I was, I think they had different segments, but probably like 90 seconds, Nick doesn't have a bell that he can ring with the 90 seconds, but maybe he can, he's got a timer. It's got a speed master professional as what he's got. I'm not wearing my my cow's, Cassio calculator watch, but I'm pretty sure it's better than the speed master. I could be wrong. I don't know the moon watch, man. It's maybe the single most special watch ever made. So do you want to give this a shot? I basically, well, yeah, one minute to answer a question. Yeah, 60 seconds to 90 seconds. All right. So why don't we just say 90 seconds? Nick will bludgeon you with a club if you don't, if you go over. Yeah, 90 seconds. So here we go. With the emergence of the coconut oil, is it? Does he start timing after you finish this question? I was thinking about that as I was reading. Yeah, after the question. After the question, 90 seconds. I was reading out every five seconds. I'm much time you have left because I know that that would really be. That'll help. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That'll be good. With the emergence of the coconut oil is pure poison article. Can you shed some light on saturated fat in the literature and the types of studies done specifically on coconut oil? It's a great question for 90 seconds. And go. I'm going to time it on your two just so I can keep you honest. 85 seconds. I think that that whole coconut oil literature stuff is sort of ridiculous because I don't even want to get started on nutritional epidemiology. I've already alluded to it a bunch of times. I think it is the lowest form of human inference imaginable, which is not to say it provides zero benefit. But it's at the hazard ratios that these things typically come up coupled with the reliance on food frequency questionnaires, something I've even filled out myself just to prove how ridiculously useless there. Like ask me what I ate two days ago. Not a chance. I'm going to be able to give you anything within an order of magnitude of reality. All that said, I actually think the case for saturated fat may be overstated. Meaning I think that the view that saturated fat is never harmful and we should be able to ingest it at the tune of 90 percent of our calories. I think we have to accept the reality. That can't be healthy for everyone. Certainly clinically I don't see that to be the case. I know I've only got 24 seconds left. What I would say is rather than rely on some knucklehead study, put out by some bottom feeding group of information providers, learn to understand what the biomarkers are that changes a result of it. Both inflammatory, like the protein lipid was, time, go, done. Would you discuss the recent meta studies that claim moderate carbohydrate intake may be best for health? You might be able to cite your previous questionnaires. So citing my previous answer, yeah that study that in particular you're referring to, I'm sure we'll link to it. I don't even remember you must have come out of the Harvard School of Public Health, right? Yes. Okay. Will it were on the same page? So the bottom line is like it suffers from all of the usual problems of epidemiology. And this by the way, Zoe Harcom actually put a great piece on this. She will just point people to that because I think she did a better job explaining this. All the usual epi nonsense, then on top of that layer in the nutritional epi nonsense, which is again nutritional epi is like its own brand of really bad epi, which is in and of itself a horrible brand of science. And then on top of that there were some really systemic issues. She points out that they didn't correct for alcohol consumption. They had some other really odd confounders in there. The hazard ratios were themselves quite low and they again this is more of a reporting issue than it was an issue of the actual survey. But again all of these risks always seem to be discussed in absolute, in relative terms, when in absolute terms they're not. I mean people have heard me rail on the women's health initiative for the same reason. In terms of the hormone replacement therapy component of that, you know, talking about a 24% increase in breast cancer in a relative sense when the absolute increase was 0.1%. These things to me are in a bombination. And I'm going to just time out at a minute 26. Yeah. And I think anytime you look at relative risk, it doesn't really tell you anything unless you also know they tell you what absolute risk is too. You should always look at those two things together. Yes. You have to know, look at notice, I'm using a little bonus time here. We're outside of the time and he's asking me a question. So I'm just going to take it. That's right. You have to know absolute risk. You have to know relative risk and you have to know the period over time under which the condition was studied relative to the natural course of the illness. It's that third-party point that doesn't get enough attention. Anyway, off the soapbox. Yeah. What is the number one recommendation habit you would suggest every person add to their daily regimen besides physical activity and parentheses for wholesome health? Okay. That's exactly the kind of question. Like I never want to talk. Yeah. Um, I don't know. I mean, I think again, you can't answer this question without sounding glib. Like get a lot of sleep. Be through something physical everyday. Don't eat for a long period of time. When you do eat, don't eat crap. Meditate. I'm going to leave it at that number one. Was there number one? The number one? You know, I know, you could probably work it in somehow to say like the number one. The number one habit. No, no, no. So here's the one habit that you could get into is to it's something like finance first principle. You could say that like don't just don't take someone's number one. We'll look the recommendation. Yeah. So that would be the elegant thing to say. The one thing I would say on this that's important to understand is probably sleep is the one we are going to be most sensitive to. In other words, if I said to you, don't eat for this many days or don't eat well for this many days. I mean, you could get away with that for a long time. You could not eat. I think an average person could probably go 30 days without eating. Um, they could go years without eating well and still make a recovery. How long could you go without sleeping before you're completely off the rails? I mean, it's days. So in many ways, you know, we say sleep might be the single most important, but that's probably not accurate information. That's probably not the correct way to say. The right way to say is probably sleep is the one that you will suffer from the quickest. Yeah. I was close. I was like one 29. What does it mean if your body has a harder time getting into ketosis via fasting than it used to? Testing using a precision extra. Ooh, that's an interesting question. So the implication is that at one point this person was fasting getting into nutritional ketosis or getting into starvation ketosis presumably. Is this Philip, Philip ushering right now? Is this the time we're going? Yeah. I think it would be similar to like people talking like I went on an act instead and I, you know, the the weight melted off and then 10 years later I went on an act instead and I was like I could my weight wasn't really talking about. If I infer that from the question, to me they're talking about the new miracle values of the BHB level. Yeah. Well, yes. Yeah. So it's definitely a different interpretation. So so those are two entirely different questions. So we should just pick one and answer it. If we if the question is I don't get to the same levels of BHB using a precision extra because they went out of their way to explain how they were measuring it. I think that's what they're asking. It could be a number of things. It could be that they are more efficiently utilizing their ketones now. So you're accumulating fewer of them because you are drawing them off. You are utilizing them more. They have become a more preferred substrate. It could be that they're actually just producing less of them. In other words, they're doing something different that they didn't realize they were doing in the past. Maybe they've changed their composition of fatty acids. Maybe they're eating more protein. Maybe they have more carbohydrate in their diet. Things like that. Hard to know without knowing a lot more detail. But those would be the directionally the two things I would explore. Yeah. The first one being impossible to really demonstrate outside of a laboratory. Yeah. I think it's a great point. Some of the P strips is another way to look at ketones. Is it a acetoacetate? Is that them? When they're looking at that, you think, well, my ketones are through the roof because I'm peeing out tons of ketones. Is that necessarily optimal to be a diet? Yeah. It might anecdotally it seems to go down over time. The more adapted a person gets because their body realizes, hey, look, I mean, I'm not going to waste this fuel here. I'm going to utilize it. Yeah. Can you give a 90 second reasoning for why you are a why you are taking Zedia and lipitor? Are you mitigating risk based on your APOE4? Or is there something else going on? So actually, I'm not taking them anymore, which speaks to my point of, I'm always changing meds and flux. But why I was taking lipitor and Zedia at the time, and will always continue to vacillate into and out of lipid lowering medications is I'm trying to live as long as I can. And for me, that means delaying the onset of a throeschlorotic disease is greatly as possible. So why you wouldn't want to take and all hands on deck approach to that, which is reducing the burden of light-prepotene maximally inflammation into the health insulin. All these things, we want them to be all as low as possible. As for the choices of those two agents, lipitor, it's all empirically derived. So through trial and error, I have figured out that I synthesized a reasonable amount of cholesterol and taking 10 of lipitor three times a week was actually able to, when coupled with Zedia Mideb, which is a works via different mechanism, but I could measure my fight of cereals. They were quite high. Anyway, it'd be a pretty strong respond or two. So the 10 plus 10 stack of those two was a minimum effective dose that produced very good results in me, meaning it got me to below the 20th percentile, typically to the 10th or 15th percentile. So 30 milligrams of a torvistatin a week is almost a placebo dose when you consider what the drug can be given at 80 milligrams daily. But today I'm doing something different. Time. Okay. You mentioned a few times on your podcast that you are currently working on writing a book, what will the book be about, and what is the expected release date? So the book will be about my experience as a shepherd. What a lot of people don't know about me is prior to the stuff I do now, I was a shepherd. And I think there's not a lot of pop culture references to shepherds. We don't, and there aren't really sitcoms about shepherds. I mean, most people just don't know much about what the day and in day out life of a shepherd is like. And so I thought that would be a good story to tell to just talk about my experiences doing that. And so, you know, it's been a tough book to write because obviously I have to go back through all of my shepherd journals, which are all bound in leather, sheepskin bindings, they're beautiful. And I hope to have the manuscript completed by the end of this year, which would mean probably a release date in early 2020. Now, the drawback of having an early 2020 release is I suspect virtually everyone in this country will be hyper fixated on politics at that time, as we'll be spinning up to an election cycle. And if your choice is trying to understand if someone's going to challenge the incumbent president from his own party and who the opposition will be versus the life and times of a shepherd, I think it's going to be an uphill slog to try to get the attention of the masses. But, you know, I think one of the other drawbacks of the 2020 release date is people are probably dying for that book to be released and they have to wait a couple of years. That's right. Yeah, I think we're talking about something that you can do to expedite this process. We don't be grateful. Believe me, I wish I could. I wish I could. I wish I could get to this quicker. What are your thoughts on Nicotinamide, riboside supplementation for longevity? Oh boy, there's no freaking way I get to do this in 90 seconds. Well, first of all, the good news is I just had an awesome discussion with David Sinclair about this week ago. So in the next two months or whatever that I get. I keep saying that like I know when this is going to come out. Sometimes in October, November, the interview with David will come out. Actually, since that interview, a really interesting paper has come to my attention written by one of my medical school classmates, Josh Rabinoids. So I actually read both of these papers in the plane yesterday. They're freaking phenomenal. And emailed Josh a whole bunch of questions to which he responded. I would say the long and short of it is this and this is not going to make me very popular with anybody. I am completely unconvinced that taking supplemental NR or even NMN by mouth is doing anything other than enriching the companies that make those things. Let me repeat that. NAD, which you need in the cell, you could argue having more NAD in a cell is a better thing. That's a second order question. I'm asking for an exemption to my 90 second rule. This is such an important question. Nick is nodding by the way. Just so you guys know, I'm getting the OK. So you could say like a heavy set, a heavy set, Judge, all out. But then you just find out David Sinclair is going up on November 5th. So you'll we'll go into much more detail around certificates in NAD. But nevertheless, that was comic stands to the bottom. Yeah, what the hell was that shitty ass font? I did. Calibri. Calibri. No, no, we shouldn't. That you shouldn't be allowed to have that on your computer. Avenue times, lots of options, but not Calibri, please. That's not acceptable. I think he did that on purpose. There's no way. Passive aggressive. I'm a glyphics. So cells cannot take up NAD. So cell has to be able to make its own NAD. So the idea of giving precursors has become obviously the most interesting idea. Now what we're bending with is paper showed and we should link to this. So this was in Selma Tabalism. It just came out like if in the last few weeks. It's a 32 page paper. It's it was it took me a while to get through. But basically Josh, who was like I said, it was one of my med school classmates and is still pissed off at me that I didn't invite him to Easter Island two years ago to which I feel horrible. And I it's only and since it's a terrible omission and he has already received an invitation to our next trip to Easter Island next year. He developed his lab developed a tracer to track all of the intermediaries of NAD and all the precursors. So you can give NAR, NMN. And these things can be taken into a cell and then convert it into NAD and the cyiplasm and it appears that according to another paper of Josh is that we could link to it. People are interested. It appears that NAD is formed entirely in the cyiplasm and then imported wholly as NAD into the mitochondria where in theory you would want to have that higher concentration. Here's what the study should. When you gave oral NAR or NMN, the two popular precursors, only the liver could make could take them up and make NAD using cryptophan. No other cell in the body could take it up. So that would suggest to me that if you're taking oral NAD, apart from the oral NAR or NMN, you're pretty much just giving it to your liver, which is not exactly the place you want it to be. This would not be changed by using terrorist still being. I wouldn't impact it at all. Similarly, all those clinics that are out there giving NAD infusions, which is very popular, that's always struck me as cracker. And it just seems even more cracker read today because none of those cells are able to take up NAD. So it would seem to me and I actually emailed Josh about this last night and he emailed me back today and agreed with my assessment. Based on all of these data, it would seem that the only way to increase cellular NAD would be to use intravenous doses of NAR or NMN. Unfortunately, I just hadn't seen that paper because I would have loved to have had that discussion with David because he might have a counterpoint to it. He might be unaware of it. I'm not really sure, but that to me is very important. And I've actually already spoken with a number of our patients who take supplemental NAD and I've, or take supplemental NAR and I've already said to them, you know, look, I think you're sort of flushing money down the toilet. Again, I don't think it's harmful. This isn't like a four-alarm fire, but I think based on these data, I would have a hard time recommending that anybody take those products. I really went over on that one. I've heard four hours and four minutes and forty-eight. I think David Asprey mentioned IVNR. He had Charles Werner on his podcast. Charles Werner, I think is involved with, I think it's Nijin, Chromeodex, that company, and then there's the other company that we'll see in the next phase. It's a very, very few. Yeah, but I think they talked about it, but I think Charles was making the argument that. You got to take NAR or NNAD? Or all, I think it's just NAR for Nijin and then basis is NAR PT, Tertis Albeen, which is like a methylated risk-varrage role, more bio-available supposedly than though as we learned from David, very, very fat soluble. So if you're not taking it with a boatload of bile, probably not doing a hell of a lot. Yeah. Okay. What's the next one? Which brand of supplements have you found effective? Well, I mean, the problem is the whole supplement world's kind of a shit show. So unregulated. So at some point maybe we can talk about brands, chain amino acids, because I know that there, I use them, you know, many of my patients use them, and I've learned that most brands out there are not doing anything. So, but if you talk about kind of the go-to supplement, the companies that I rely on and rely on their products are basically JRO, JAR, RROW, Puring capsulations. I'm not going to spell that because I can't. I'm like dyslexic when it comes to spelling. Like I can't spell the save my life. Oh, we got spell check. Yeah, I know. But like as at the spelling B, I was always the kid that got out first. Okay, spell the TE-H-T. No, so, ATIA. So Puring capsulations, JRO, are probably the two companies that I would be my go-to for virtually anything. I'm sure there are a couple of other companies that we will intermittently use depending on the product. Yeah, but the DHA or EPA, Carlson's are Nordic natural's. Yeah, and Nordic natural's in Carlson's, I like for EPA, DHA, if not going down the pharmaceutical route, those are also available pharmaceuticals. And you alluded to this point with Medformin versus Burberryin that there's different regulation going on for those two products, and that's partly why you would go to Medformin. If Burberryin was a pharmacological agent, I know it's you know, big pharma. Yes. But the scrutiny that they're under is a lot more than I think for Burberryin when we do suggest patients take it. I think we use Thorn as the brand that we recommend. I know we went a little over their neck. I could see you flailing, but I figured I spent, I wasted part of my time explaining how poorly my spelling was. Are you currently accepting new patients? No, not probably not for the remainder of this year. And I don't manage that. So, Marry runs sort of the operations of the practice manages the flow of patients, and she gave me an ear full a couple of days ago that we are not accepting any new patients. Just based on how overworked the team is at the moment. And the follow-up question probably as unsatisfying as the answer may be is, like how do I find a Peter at Tia clone in my area? Other than maybe your brother? Yeah, my brother is probably the best Peter at Tia clone. Although it's funny. I don't really think we look that much alike, but everybody says we look so much alike. I mean, he's so much bigger than me. Like, you know, we just don't know like, did I send you guys the video of him in the grocery store pretending to be borret? Yes, yeah. You said that was me? You're just saying that because of the point I'm making. No, that was Paul. All right, I guess the point is yeah, we look we look a lot alike. So, so you could, so my brother lives in Toronto. I'm a Rello. Got a Tom Rello. Have him give you medical advice. That's right. So, Tom Rello or, and who, I guess I'm guessing he lives in LA. I don't have no idea where Tom would live. Or my brother lives in Toronto. So, that would probably be the best way to get a clone of me. And then otherwise, I think it would be a great thing. If there would be some way that you could endorse other doctors, but it's not something that it is something we talked about actually when we started nerds of Farrey and I don't, I mean, I think it is something that would be an awesome service is to create kind of like a, what's going to say, Tumblr? And then I was going to say grinder to connect doctors and patients, but I'm like, I'm going to make the joke. But like a matchmaking service between doctors and patients where you could sort of say, look, without providing an endorsement, because I don't think I can be in the business of endorsing people. I know there are a ton of docs who think the way I think. And if there are patients out there who want those docs, I don't know why we can't have a forum where they can sort of coexist because, you know, the first hurdle is just the geography of it, right? It's like, if you live in Kansas City, you're not going to want to see some doctor in New York, even if even if I had the room in the practice, it just wouldn't be practical. So we just have too many things on our plate right now. And if you're kind of bad, because we've talked about doing that and we haven't done anything about it yet. But maybe at some point, you know, we can, because this is probably one of the questions we get asked consistently more than anything else. So I just really feel like I get a lot of that over Twitter. And it would be a great thing to do is to be able to say, if you're a doctor who adheres to a certain set of principles, I just don't know how to do it without being kind of hokey and cheesy because like, I don't know what we're advocating. I don't know what, when people say they want a clone of Peter, what do they mean? Like a bald guy? Like I don't know what they actually want of me. I think that my experience from the people that I know and from, you know, the stuff on the interwebs, the Twitter sphere in a racebook. But like the honest response, I think that I that resonates with me the most is that they hear, they'll read what you wrote. They'll hear what you have to say. You'll talk about your strategy with a patient, the objective, the strategy, the tactics, the things that you're doing, the things that you're thinking about. And then they think to themselves, why the fuck is my doctor not doing any of that and I benefit I asked my doctor. They wouldn't know. They would barely even know or they would say either like it's not important or I haven't heard of it or whatever the case is. But I think it's like the level of deliberate care that you put into each patient, at least is my personal experience, like being a part of this. And so I think that it's almost like they're frustrated and they think there's a lot of money. So you can be this comprehensive and deliberate and thoughtful. So what we should do is just have patients come up with a maybe we could figure out a way to have patients generate kind of a questionnaire of things that they want in a doc. And we could we could be like a central clearinghouse of that where you know the patients would input and vote on questions that they want asked. And then doctors basically would post their answers to those questions along with where they are if they're taking patients, do they take insurance if so which ones like are you Medicare? There's like 10 things you'd want to know. And again I don't want to make more work for us because I can see Nick giving me the eyes right now. It's like shut the fuck up. But that sort of puts the onus I think on the patients and the physicians who are willing to do the work. I'm sure because I know there are docs out there who are doing the type of work I'm doing. And this would give them an opportunity to sort of explain what they're doing and say yeah and like you know I'm in San Diego or I'm in Kansas City or I'm wherever so maybe let's put that on the list for our call later today when we talk with Andrew we can figure that out. And my personal experience too if I don't get emotional about it but thank you my dad was in the ICU for like 30 days I think it was like 30 days at MGH Lazarus. Yeah like a phoenix rising from the ashes. He was in rough shape and I would I would report back to Peter and some other people and my family and so I think Peter probably appreciated more than my family that we're getting a bunch of numbers spit back and not you know you know how he was doing otherwise although I was reporting that too but you know I mean I learned a few things learned how much you know about this stuff obviously and that MGH they I think they like validate your parking after 30 days so they booted him into the respiratory unit the thing is so he went down there for a little while but one of the things I learned to as well is that I would I would bring back the stuff and the the vitals and whatever and Peter would say this is you know this is sort of what I'm thinking and then at MGH I would be doing the rounds with the with the team over there and everything and being a flying the wall and adding my two cents and some of the notes that I'd taken and things like that they're like they were they were damn good at there at the MGH and I also thought that that what a learning experience like I didn't go to medical school I know that was that my advice would be like if you want to be immersed in medicine and just the real deal where people are dying and just fast forward your learning holy shit those those people like the the I see the I see the I see the 30 people yeah yeah yeah and and we joked about it at the time um which was you basically did an I see you mini fellowship because by the end of those 30 days we'd have our call every morning and you would you would you know we would review in systems because then I see you review everything by systems you start with the neurosystem you go to the respiratory system cardiovascular system renal system boom boom boom and you know it only took like a week for you to learn how to gather data and then you know how to report it and I'm convinced that if you had one year of sitting in there you would know you know 80% of what a critical care doc knows I mean it's just reps you know it's just that kind of exposure yeah and you're right it is again it speaks to this point of feedback that week this theme keeps coming up today like how it keeps coming up the reason I think critical care is so interesting and at the same time so teachable is the cycle time between intervention and feedback is so short you want to know what happens to the pH on the blood and the vco2 and the bicarb when you change the ventilator rate you're going to find out in about 12 minutes do it yeah right you want to find out what happens when you tweak this amount of nor up an effort and this much of vasopressman is much of this and the ivy fluids and boom boom look at the swan gans catheter like you're going to see it in a minute um and you know the very few things in life offer you the the amount of feedback you get in a critical care unit it's definitely a cool field of medicine and that that would yeah the few patients that you have I would say that what you do in a sense is critical care that the level of care that they're providing at the end of the ICU and then I see what you do in your practices I see similarities that you're the you're involved in it with the patient well I mean I'm I mean I mean I so I might I don't want my head to swell too much I want to be but I want to point something out which is it's really what the patients don't see is what's more impressive the patients generally just interact with me but but they don't see is you know Ralph and Nicole and Mary and Heather like they don't see the whole team I don't see the research team so and I was talking about this with Ralph this morning so so we saw a patient and you know spend 90 minutes with him and it was awesome and he had come in and looked at everything and his labs so we finished reviewing all of his labs and he goes oh by the way I noticed you checked my ESR level and it was really low and I was like that is so funny like yeah I checked his ESR because his CRP was 6.6 last time and I just wanted to make sure he didn't have something stupid going on and his ESR came back low and his CRP was like so after he left I was like Ralph that how awesome was that like that patient had read every single one of the 87 numbers that we checked and was it was asked about the one that I forgot to bring up when we were talking and I was like I love that you know I wish every patient could be that obsessed with their numbers because those are the patients that get the most out of us that extract the most value from us I find the patients who are least probably engaged with us or the ones that are also getting the least out of us and probably frankly don't appreciate the potential I think that we have as a team to kind of to you know move the needle you're asking I think you're asking a lot of your patients like the beer on advocate it's really the it's the patient that has the most control over their destiny in many ways yes you you have to put as much effort and emphasis into this as you would any other thing that you care deeply about so if you want if you want to take your golf seriously like you can't just think about it three you know 30 minutes four times a year if you really really want to be a thoughtful investor like yes you will have professionals help you invest but you still have to interact with those advocates constantly okay that was a little over ninety seconds yeah did that how how much over ninety was that name okay are we done I think we this has been way too long right I think we we we we we've exhausted at a couple more questions or do you tend with the short oh my god I can't do any more do yeah one more question one question okay let's see can make this one short so Bob and Peter you too are awesome and I'm learning so I'm learning a lot from the AMA so thanks tell us more about the latest invest on Abo E4 because you can you can plant this all that's a pure punt baby tomorrow evening same bat time different bat channel because we're not going to record it unfortunately I'm going to sit right at this table and interview my really good friend Richard Isaacson DJ Rush that's right is he going to spend anything is he bringing the techniques twelve hundreds I'm I've met him a few times and every time I met him he was he's been yeah he's been so so Richard Isaacson is a neurologist at Cornell just a few feet from here and he runs the largest preventative clinic for Alzheimer's disease or also prevention clinic in the country we have collaborated for several years now and we are going to have a deep dive nerd on about all things pertaining to Alzheimer's inclusive of Abo E so I suspect this podcast will be released before that podcast but please do look for it Richard Isaacson cool so on that note is there anything else you'd like to say Bob before we disband I have nothing to add Nick do you have anything to add behind the camera laughing at us very well thanks everyone I hope people think this was fun and worthwhile and we'll continue our upvote downvote to take a question in AMA style bye bye