We've now twice sort of broached the topic of anabolic as another tool, because a couple of times you've made the point, which is look, this is going to be about the limit. Your genes are going to start to become your limit. So I guess my question is, well, let's let you know, you you've spoken very openly about anabolic steroids. I've had several podcasts where I covered this in detail, but again, let's let's kind of tell people what we're talking about. For reasons that are maybe a little bit elusive. There's some confusion about his testosterone and anabolic steroid. And of course, the answer is absolutely yes it is. And so let's talk about anabolic steroid use in the context of non-medical use. So let's take testosterone replacement therapy where testosterone in a hypogonatal man is restored to typically the upper limit of a normal physiologic range. Nice that they do the upper limit, right? Yes, everyone good genetics. And then we'll just sort of take the off the table for a moment, park it in the context of what is what is anabolic anogenic steroid use look like in the physique bodybuilding community. Let's talk about the different drugs. Let's talk about your experience with it. Let's talk about how much it can unleash. And let's frankly talk about what the pros and cons are because, you know, I personally have no experience with this. You know, we just that's not our patient population, right? We don't have patients that are coming in saying, my goal is to be jacked, right? And I want some debaul. And you know, so there's this not something we just have any understanding of. Yeah. So anabolic anogenic steroids are all derivatives of the testosterone molecule, manipulated and various ways to accentuate some characteristics and deemphasize other characteristics. They're typically taken by athletes, the competitive sphere, bodybuilders physique athletes and gym people who want a superficial logical level of muscle mass. And sometimes a superficial logically low levels of body fat can comment with them. And so they'll take anywhere between high-end testosterone replacement therapy dose to 10 or 20 times that amount per week. And they will do let me just pause there for a moment and just give some people some doses because we've talked about TRT before in the podcast. So we typically dose patients twice a week to try to get a smoother level as opposed to once a week. So if the ideal dose for a given individual to get them in the right spot is 100 milligrams of testosterone sapinate weekly, we would always prefer the patient take 50 milligrams in termuscularly twice a week or sub-game. I will tell you, Mike, I don't think we have ever given a patient more than 70 milligrams twice a week or 140 milligrams a week, probably median dose for physiologic replacement is 40 milligrams twice a week or 80 milligrams a week. So are you saying that there are people out there that would routinely take 800 to 1600 milligrams of testosterone in a week? Oh yeah. And sometimes that's not all testosterone, it's other steroids and combination. Usually people take at least that replacement level of testosterone often more. Because testosterone doesn't really good things for health and general function. It tends to romanticize into estrogen quite readily which is good because estrogen's cardiovascular protective, neuroprotective increases your strength. It's actually... It tons, sex drive, it actually increases your anaballism in the presence of antigenic steroids and testosterone. So estrogen by itself, not very in a ball like estrogen in the presence of testosterone, more in a ballic than if you had all the testosterone in the world but we're unable to romanticize to estrogen. And so baseline molotostastroin is often taken at somewhere between 250 milligrams a week and all the way up to a thousand milligrams a week depending on how you're handling the side effects of that excess estrogen production at the higher levels. And that's usually taken as a sippianate. Anantate sippianate, some people prefer appropriate. If they inject every day, anantate and sippianate are by far the most commonly used seemingly. Oftentimes people inject differently but once daily injections seem to provide this smoothest curve. If you put in half a week's worth of superficial logical testosterone at one time, you're moved for the next several hours as curious. It's not fun. I mean, yeah, help me understand what that even feels like. So let's just say you're taking 700 milligrams a week, 100 milligrams a day. So 7x physiologic. Do you feel something different? Most people feel something but it's probably a normally distributed population of experiences where some people just can't tell. Some people feel something for sure that they can describe and some people have panic attacks and will never use again or they are driven to extreme violent thoughts and extreme sexual thoughts and actions. And those folks are quite rare but they do happen. So there's a large distribution about which people can have experiences but I'd say the median experience is you take everything that easiest way to understand the average effect of a high degree of metabolic steroids and for simplicity testosterone. The psychology is to imagine that what is the average psychological preclivity of a female? What is the average psychological preclivity of a male different in many regards? And then you move the needle over one notch into a magical encounter called enhanced male. And you just typically exhibit more male like patterns of thought and behavior than even males do. But males compare to females as the best way to figure that one out because you're like just know what a male pattern of behavior is like because you're a male. You're like what the hell is it like to be more like me? So everything about me or it's not everything. We actually just had a recent video on the RP Strength channel. I think it's called Royad Rage's Real. We talk about like that steroids don't accentuate every quality you have just the more masculine qualities. So what are the most masculine qualities? Again, this hits everyone a little bit differently but on average, you become quieter, men typically are not as expressive as women. You become to show you come to show fewer facial expressions of emotion. You don't process other people's emotions as well. You can't fine tune what they feel as much and you don't care as much. So less empathy. Way less empathy, all the way to similar levels of empathy but an average definitely less. And you become more likely to be irritable. You become more likely to have anger and aggressive sorts of thoughts. You become more attuned to the dominance hierarchy in general and you become more you become someone who thinks more about where you stack up with a dominance hierarchy in a way that you take a front since slights more poorly than otherwise. So if someone on social media says you're a bad person, if you're not of a lot of testosterone, you're like, just having a bad day. It's okay. We all have that day. We need to rage on someone. There are a lot of testosterone. You're more likely to be like, I wonder if he'd say that to my face. I wonder if he would be real quiet around me because he would know that I'm not someone to be messed with. Weird. Weird thoughts like that. Women almost never have thoughts like that. Men have regular thoughts like that in the right context. People on steroids have more thoughts like that in almost every context than off on average they would like to have. Another one is you become linguistically less expressive and your fluidity of communication falls. So a lot of times when someone is using high levels of antibiotics there is in a relationship and that person happens to be male, the degree of communicative throughput falls substantially. That's just generally not good for most relationships. Another one is sex drive. Was difficult for women to appreciate what the male sex drive is like on a quantitative and qualitative level. Both of those tend to magnify especially if you're not bringing your estrogen down. You bring estrogen low enough. You don't even remember what the hell sex is for. Why people are even in that sort of thing. But if you have a lot of antigens, a lot of estrogen, the hunger, the thirst becomes very annoying. Now at that level of testosterone are you taking on a romanticin inhibitor or you literally letting the estridile get, I mean I can't imagine how high the estridile level becomes at that size you want. So so you're not so so typically, you know, estridile would be over a hundred at that point. That's left alone. It depends. So it depends on a few things. One is different people respond differently both physique and psychology to high levels of estrogen. High levels of estrogen for some people are like swimming in an pool of magical clouds and they love it and their physique looks great. They get nice and watery. They're too much feel amazing. Their recovery is awesome. Their sleep is awesome. Sex drives awesome. They make a great for some other people. They get a lot of estrogen and actually prevents them from getting good sleep at higher levels. Their water buffalo bloated. They can't even see their abs anymore. Even though they're eight percent body fat and they get mood swings, all crazy stuff. And so it really is very individually dependent. It's actually quite amazing and this is not entirely unlike women, right? Women will, if they're undergoing hormone replacement therapy in Perry menopause, it's not a one size fits all. They can have tremendous variability in their response to estrogen and of course progesterone. Yes, huge, huge, huge. The other thing is what we're learning in evidence-based approach to antibiotics derogatolization and performance and anti-drugatolization. It's called the Safe Reuse model. Probably the biggest promulgator of it is a gentleman named Joe Jeffree in the United Kingdom, super, super expert, exceptional bodybuilding coach, great bodybuilders on right? And just read literature all day long. And folks like him tend to espouse that probably the best way to manage estrogen is to use some combination of exogenous drugs that are handling themselves to get the estrogen level you have the best notable metrics at how you feel how you look how your blood work is health, et cetera. So here's an example. You take a thousand milligrams of testosterone. I'm still wrapping my head around this mic, but it actually goes into your thigh and needle. You don't have to wrap your head around. So it's intense. It's a lot. And you take a thousand milligrams of testosterone and that comes with a concomitant aromatization. So you have a lot estrogen. Some people they feel totally great. For some people it's too much. For those who it's too much estrogen, they might be able to take 500 milligrams of testosterone and then 500 milligrams of premobone. Primovalin is a synthetic antigenic steroid developed in, I think, the 60s and 70s. And it's designed not really to convert into estrogen hardly at all. Other steroids like it are master on. They not only don't convert an estrogen, but they actually antagonize estrogen conversion for the testosterone you're shooting into some extent. And so if someone is like way too much estrogen for them, they can do a 50, 50 split of testosterone in premobone. So that now they get all the good estrogen from testosterone, but not too much of it. But they get most of that antabolic drive from the rest of the premobone, but without any more estrogen in addition. It could be 250 testosterone and 750 milligrams of premobone. It can be 750 test. It can be 250 premobone. Anything between. And you kind of experiment that and a lot of bodybuilding coaches. What they're really good at is starting you on a certain cycle that they have the wisdom to know works for most people. And then leveling up one drug leveling down another to get among other things kind of that testosterone that antigen to estrogen ratio to be something that you have your best performance at best health so on and so forth. But for the the sex drive component, especially if you have a lot of estrogen going on, qualitatively it can change, quantitatively it can change. Now huge variation. Me personally, I never got like enormous sex drive. A regulation from I did get some, but nothing crazy. I've been up to as much as just north of 2,000 milligrams per week. And I'm currently on only 250 milligrams per week. But my sex drive is more or less the same. Which to me makes me wonder, is there any difference in an origin receptor expression that you're able to appreciate between 250 and 2000? Are you so saturated in your androgen receptors already that like do we actually know if there's a benefit to all the additional testosterone that you could have been on at almost 10x your current dose 8x? You won't know until you try. Did you appreciate a difference in positive effects? I don't doubt that there could be a difference in negative effects. But if the positive effects are accrued through testosterone binding to the androgen receptor that complex leading to more nuclear transcription, wouldn't wouldn't what you said suggest that you may have already hit maximum benefit of 250? There are some reasons to believe that your androgen receptor density escalates up when exposed to more androgens and not down in some cases. And so that means the more gear you take the more benefit you have rather linearly. My experience next to the most people you talk to it's again, slow news reel, same asymptotic curvilinear relationship. For me personally and this is something I didn't discover until quite recently I would say, unfortunately so, I get probably almost the same gains at 1000 milligrams that I do at 2000. Anything north for me a 50 hundred just drives me insane, like mentally insane and seems to not really affect my physique hardly at all. How much water retention do you get at these doses? Considerable, although if you manage your estrogen well, it's not as much as you would think. And you manage estrogen with aromatase inhibitors? Oh yes, that's right. I sorry. I had a point there. The back then. Aromatase inhibitors in many cases are incredibly toxic drugs and you generally want to avoid taking them if you can. Sometimes you have to get really dry for a contest, but that's only a few weeks out from the show. And so the modern wisdom, so to speak with the evidence-based crowd, the safer-used crowd, is to manage your estrogen with differential amounts of testosterone and non-estrogetically converting compounds like pre-mobile and mastron versus taking just as much as testosterone as you ever would, but taking an aromatase inhibitor on top of that, because aromatase inhibitors in unbelievable range of circumstances. Fuck you up. They're neurotoxic. They're cardiovascular toxic. It's bad bad news. These are compounds you use. We have breast cancer and they're like, you're going to die if you don't take these. They are gigantic hammers for a very small nail. If you want to see who's done the worst to their health across the body of your industry, it's whoever runs the most AIs as we call them aromatase inhibitors. And they're very, very pharmaceutical ways to control estrogen, probably the best way for health and effect is only used as much estrogenically converting drugs, nanderlone derivatives, and testosterone. As you need to get whatever estrogen you feel best at, and the rest of the anabolic load should come from things like pre-mobile and a mastron that don't really do much stress during at all, but increase your adrogen and anabolism so on and so forth. How do you differentiate between when you're using testosterone versus nanderlone? Mostly by experience. Nanderlone has some really cool positive effects. Kind of exaggerated versions of testosterone. Some people are naturally very dry. And so if they don't take an antroloin for their very hard training cycles, they will have insufficient body and joint water hydration. And they're like joints will creak and they'll get herd a lot and this just really bad recovery. But you put them on nanderlone for variant. And all of a sudden they have enough intramuscular and intra joint water to where they feel great everything's working. Other people will get on nanderlones and have so many of the side effects that they're like, this is way too much estrogen conversion from me. I'm a giant water buffalo. I just take testosterone and plant dehydrates on any of that. And nanderlones also have the curious side effect. It's colloquially turned to deca dick because nanderlone to canoate does the substance called deca. It is erectile dysfunction, approximately caused by the presence of nanderlones. And it's curious because nanderlones typically with her estrogenic effects elevate sex drive. Kind of the more estrogen you have to appoint the more sex drive you have. If you have a few of that. And so you're horny but then like little little Billy down there doesn't work as well as he used to or at all. And so if you're in that boat you're like, well, look like it's just trade off. How much of a benefit do I get in training versus how much is my wife or girlfriend going to hate me or hook up culture doesn't work for me anymore. So on and so forth. So lots of considerations there. Nothing generally better than to start out with a solid plan that makes sense with a coach that knows what they're doing and very low doses of everything. And slowly play with compounds and scale up the very notable highly note your beneficial effects and highly note your deleterious effects or downsides and see where you can strike a balance that's acceptable to you and considers long-term consequences, et cetera et cetera et cetera.