Let's shift gears a little bit and talk about antibiotic use. So this is something that probably doesn't get that much attention. I know Marty, when I was in the hospital, we did talk a lot about this. In particular, we talked a lot about it in the ICU, which was the idea of antibiotic resistance being a real problem. But as a person who lives outside of hospital now, I don't hear much about it. So that makes me think one of a couple scenarios. Scenario one is it was greatly exaggerated in the early 2000s when I was a resident because it hasn't materialized resistance. Resistance, yeah. It was real and it's still real, but more and more drugs are being developed to keep the bacteria a bay. So you know, you could walk through several other machinations. But give us a sense of what this means, what the implications are and what can be done about it. So about a hundred thousand people in the US die a year roughly from resistant bacteria that are resistant to the antibiotics we've had. The time period it took for bacteria to develop resistance through their natural evolution was about 23 years when antibiotics were first mass produced in the 1950s and 60s. Then it shrunk down to 14 years and now it's about one year within a year and bacteria will mutate around an antibiotic and it'll be a blank, say, methasellin resistant staff lacoccus. We're now seeing C-Diff, one of those common bacteria, take the life of somebody, you know, every other month or so in the hospital and most hospitals. It's you tend to pick it up in the hospital. Sadly, you look back and you say, oh, yeah, they took an anceph for this tiny little thing. They didn't need to take the anceph antibiotic for. The about 60% of our patient antibiotics are unnecessary according to several studies. And in patient antibiotics, I'm not sure it's much better. I personally have given thousands of unnecessary antibiotics because I've been forced to, well, I say, I give them. It's the operations that I do. There's this protocol that you give every single operative patient antibiotic before the incision. Yeah, Marty, I don't think I ever cut a person's skin in my life without an antibiotic being unbored except for a certain trauma case where you're literally putting a knife on them the second they walk in the door because they're going to die. But, yes, we would, I don't know, we used to give anceph. I don't know if that's the case, right? That's the one I'm on here. So, and then, again, the reason was, um, there are bacteria on the skin. And even though we scrub the skin, you can't get every bacteria out. So, we're going to give you an antibiotic that has to be in your system. It's going to be given to you intravenously and usually the anesthesiologist will does it in pre-oper before you cut skin so that by the time that incision goes through, whatever bacteria are on the edge of that skin aren't going to potentially get in. And so, again, makes a lot of sense. I never questioned it. Where there, and there must have been studies that demonstrated lower incidence of wound infections, right? I can't imagine something that prevalent was implemented without an RCT. Was it? There were studies and there were RCTs in major abdominal operations that were done open. There were most surgeries done minimally invasive now. And people have inappropriately extrapolated those findings to minimally invasive surgery. I mean, have you ever heard of an infection after a laparoscopic in Gurohernia? Maybe like a case report. I've never seen it. But isn't that because we're giving them antibiotics potentially? I don't think so, but if because you would see at least some, I don't think it would be 100% effective. You don't see that with abdominal surgery. I mean, it reduces the incidence of infections a little bit. I just don't think there's any mechanism in some of these procedures. I don't think it works, and only it gets this. Well, for whatever reason, with no data, the research from open abdominal GIC has got extrapolated broadly. And I remember asking, I was actually in practice a little bit before the broad recommendation. I remember asking, uh, this guy patched DeLinger who was involved in these recommendations, it's called like the antibiotic society of America. You don't want to these, there's no niche meetings. We have the pancreas club, you know, it's like all these meetings. It's more fun than the spleen society, by the way, they're they're boring. And so I remember asking them, why is it that antibiotic recommendation at the time of incision for every operation? I've never seen or heard of an infection for these minor procedures. And he said, well, you know, we thought a lot about that on our committee, and we decided making it easy to remember to do it for every operation would ensure that the big operations get it. And I thought, well, we may have a blind spot in American medicine. Now it's very obvious to me, based on some research I've been seeing out there that not only could we be breeding resistance, but what is, what are these antibiotics doing to the gut microbiome? And it turns out that a new theory, which has emerged out of the University of Chicago, is suggesting that surgical infections don't come from the skin bacteria crawling in. It comes from the gut. Some sort of weakness in the gut, and there may be a transposition of some bacteria. And they've actually done studies now in mice where they, they alter their gut microbiome prior to surgery, and they have found that there's some reduction in infection. So there may be sort of probiotics preoperatively that may reduce the risk. This is a big area of ongoing research. There's nothing definitive. We've learned the people should chug a gatorade three to four hours before surgery is mostly for the glucose, but what's it doing to the gut? Are the patient coming in into starvation state and is that doing something to the microbiome? We've had all this dog in the operating room. You've got to wear your hats, like you, you have a cover your shoes, some places, don't cover your shoes. And then you go overseas as you may have as well. You go to Africa and you realize they're not wearing anything, not even wearing masks when they're doing surgery. And their infection rate is no different. Really? Yeah. Yeah. And this is, it's, that's surprising to me. Yeah. And you think, well, what is the mask doing? Is it preventing sweat from dripping in? Is it preventing the airborne particles? Because the airborne particles just come out of the side of your mask, right? So they're still, so there's this University of Chicago research is challenging a lot of deeply held assumptions in operating room protocol. But one of the things I feel bad about and I don't do it anymore now is going in for a minor laparoscopic procedure anesthesiologist says you want me to give antsaf and I say, no, you can hold off. The average 10-year-old in America has taken 11 courses of antibiotics. And the average three-year-old has taken two and a half courses of antibiotics. We think that zero to three age group is the most, the microbiome is the most sensitive to antibiotics. But antibiotics are like carpet bombing your microbiome, you know, these millions of bacteria that live in harmony. And this study, I don't know if it's I can mention this, but this Mayo Clinic study, this is how I've told you before. I was dying to tell you about this study. Incredible study out of the Mayo Clinic that came out. I think maybe the most significant study of the modern era in that it's shattering our deeply held assumptions about chronic diseases. In the Mayo Clinic researchers took the 14,000 children that live in Ongstead County the area of Rochester, Minnesota. And they looked at kids who took an antibiotic course in the first two years of life and tracked whether or not they developed asthma, learning disabilities, overweight, obesity, later in childhood. And what they found were these incredible correlations are about 10,000 kids who had taken an antibiotic course and 4,000 who had not and they matched them to the best of their ability statistically. A 20% increase no beastly among kids who had taken an antibiotic in the first two years of life. 21% increase in learning disabilities. These were all the statistically significant findings. 32% increase in attention deficit disorder. A 90% increase in asthma and a 280, 9% increase in celiac. Other studies have shown a correlation between antibiotics early in childhood and ulcerative cladis and Crohn's disease. Makes sense for changing the microbiome. We may be carpet bombing the microbiome with the dogma that there are no downsides to antibiotic. She got some sniffles. Probably won't help you, but it won't hurt you. Not true. How do we know in this study, Marty, that the 4,000 kids who were in the control arm that didn't get antibiotics weren't healthier kids, which is why they never needed the antibiotic. And that it wasn't some other factor about the 10,000 who did get the antibiotics. Either they were just naturally less healthy kids. There was something about them that was less robust. There were other factors that couldn't be corrected for that actually explains those differences. I love it. That's how a scientific mind should think because there could be confounding variables. For example, maybe it's the infection that they were treating that is that glad to the you. Right. So those are all good questions. Now, my first while we cannot make conclusions from this study, but this study is an incredible signal that I think we should pay attention to for two reasons. Number one, it's been repeated in a Danish study of about a million children. Number two, there was a dose-dependent relationship. The more courses of antibiotics the child took, the more significant the more significant the higher the so again, worth maybe pausing and explaining to folks how you can increase the probability of a finding being real in an epidemiologic study. So again, it always comes back to this what's the probability what you just said is causal. Cusality is the single most important force in science. Yes. I'm convinced of that. If you don't have causality, you have nothing. It's what makes the universe what it is in my view. So you stayed in a correlation. It's only interesting to us if there's causality. And now the question is how probable is the causality. And various factors defined by a statistician named Austin Bradford Hill speak to the strength of the association and the probability or likelihood that that association is causal. And you've outlined a couple, right? So one of them is what's the strength of the association period. So if I knew nothing else, the was the asthma, the 289 percent celiac celiac. So the fact that that had such a strong hazard ratio, that's a hazard ratio of 2.9 versus the others that are like 1.2, you would say, well, just on the basis of strength of association, that one's more likely to be causal. You then stated another factor, which was reproducibility. There's another study that's done the same analysis and it's coming up with the same answers. So that makes it a little more likely to be causal. And then you talked about the dose effect. Even within the association, like for example, all of this was sort of figured out during the kind of smoking, cholera epidemics when people were trying to understand causality. And then you'd say, well, if smoking is causally related to lung cancer, then theoretically, my correlations should get stronger and stronger. The more cigarettes you smoked. If that's not the case, it becomes very hard to make the case that smoking is causing lung cancer. So you're saying that there was a dose effect. The more antibiotics you took, the more strongly you were having these associations. Yeah, and this is the first formal study I've seen like this on an epidemiologic basis that fits a hypothesis that to me makes sense. The cephalosporins had a higher correlation. They're generally considered to be a little more damaging to the microbiome than the ant sefs and petticellins. Is that because they target gram negatives more or anerobic more or what's the, I'm so far out of my life on anybody. I don't even remember why that would be the case. I don't know, but this is these are, there are other observational data. For example, farmers have used antibiotics to fatten animals for food production for decades. And the world expert on the microbiome, Marty Blazer, who is the chief of medicine at NYU, his daughter developed chronic abdominal diseases. And obesity, they feel terrible because they gave her a bunch of antibiotics in childhood. And they thought there was an association. He started, he's a laboratory scientist. He started doing all these mice experiments. If antibiotics are making animals, more obese, what are they doing to humans? By the way, is another one of the Bradford Hill criteria? Do you have experimental evidence that also supports this, which of course, in the case of human epidemiology, you would look at animals? So of course, someone listening to this might say, well, okay, Marty, but there's got to be some bad luck involved here. I mean, you had, let's go back to the Rochester Minnesota study. You got 4,000 kids who never took an antibiotic. 10,000 kids who did at least a quarter or two. Well, I mean, those 10,000 kids weren't just given antibiotics for no reason. They must have had ear infections. They must have had tonsillitis. They must have had appendicitis. They must have had something. What were we supposed to do? How do we make that? How do we draw the line between what was medically necessary? Because as unfortunate as those consequences are, they pale and comparison to a life-threatening infection that could have killed a kid. So how do we decide what the minimum effective dose is? What's absolutely medically necessary versus what is superfluous and potentially just exposing a kid to this complications later in life? Antibiotics save lives. You've seen it and I've seen it right in front of our eyes. They're amazing medications. They ushered in the white coat era of modern medicine. And as I wrote in my book, Marty, it's what took us from medicine. One point out of medicine. Two point out. Yes. We died like dogs. Yes. But 250,000 years of human existence. We died like dogs. Yes. And you got an infection. What life expectancy was 38. Mother's in shock. Again, it's not the only thing that made the difference. But it was arguably the single most important difference with sanitation and antimicrobial therapy in the transition from medicine. One point at two point. That's right. So we don't want to throw the baby out with the bath water. This is the nuance which if people want just sort of a simple dumb message and all or nothing, which is where are echo chambers of media and politics take us in life? And social media, right? You want this all or nothing absolute toism. Antibiotics save lives. But they are also massively abused and overdosed at least 60% in all the studies. And we've seen it. We see it. Meaning 40% of antibiotic uses justified. Yeah. And I even question that number because they would say that I should be giving antibiotics before my minor procedures. And you know, but there's also epidemiologic data over time that look at all these chronic diseases. I know their multifactorial, especially obesity. But look at all the increases we've seen in these exact diseases that they've seen increase in the antibiotic group after the broad administration of antibiotics in the 1940s and 50s. The 60s, you know, it just went up even further. The discoverer of antibiotics. Alexander Fleming in 1922, he had warned after he got the Nobel Prize about the massive overuse of antibiotics. He had written in his diary that I found in my research that these mass factories producing penicillin at bloom away. This was a mold that blew into his lab when he left the window open. We don't know if his hammer is lab tech. He says it's unknown. But somebody left the window open into his lab where he was growing staff in an auger gel. And some of that mold landed and formed a circle around the mold where all the bacteria were killed. And he had discovered what's considered to be the greatest discovery of modern medicine. And so you're right. It took us from being surgeon barbers where we had a lance it and an axe to do amputations and maybe dejoxin, which didn't help many people. And that was it. And doctors weren't disrespected, but they were respected like a priest or a barber or and then went the mass administration, the mass production of antibiotics. Now we had the power and controlled a substance where only we could give you a magic pill. Doctors began to wear white coats. They had an unquestioned authority. We kept people in the hospital to a little disappointed. You're not wearing a white coat today, Marty. I'm not a white coat kind of guy.