Let's give folks a couple of examples of processed versus ultra-process. So like dried fruit is processed, virtually everything we use processed. Yeah, almost everything you use processed. But then how do you draw the, how do you then cross the chasm to ultra-processed? Yeah, again, I don't know that there, even if you say there's a single definition like Nova, I can't recite for you the exact criteria. But it's the number of steps, it's the degrees of steps, it's the types of steps. But most things that come in a package are now viewed as ultra-processed. That's right. It's there more than 10 ingredients. And number of greens, number of steps. But you're right, dried fruit, even fruit that's cut up is processed. Why is processed? Jesus processed, milk is homogenized, sometimes it's pasteurized, hopefully, you know, almost everything we just processed. Now let's talk about the state of the evidence. Because again, a good story goes a long way. Right? I mean, our ancestors, and to be clear, I, my view on this is that this story is much more nuanced than the one I'm about to lay out. But the one I'm about to lay out makes sense and I get it. We didn't evolve eating ultra-processed foods, let alone processed foods. And ultra-processed foods are engineered to be highly palatable. And part of that engineering process also makes them calorie debts, because part of making things hyper palatable is putting in a lot of sugar and a lot of fat. So it's not that the food companies who make these things are trying to make us fat. They're not trying to hurt us. I mean, Mar-Bros not trying to hurt you with cigarettes. They just want you to smoke them forever. So, so, it's an unfortunate consequence of the product, right? So, they really want to create something that tastes remarkable that you just want to keep buying over and over again. And the problem is you're going to end up eating more of it in terms of calories because of the very nature of the product they're trying to sell you. So, clearly, this is a problem, right? It's, we can't have these foods around because we can't eat them in moderation. We're going to overeat them. And I don't think any, but this is one thing we can agree on, right, is over consumption of calories always leads to bad things relative to what your needs are, right? So, again, that number is variable by individual, but for any given individual, eating more than they require leads to physiologic harm. So, by that logic, why are we having this discussion? Why don't we just get rid of ultra-processed foods? There's not a right, there's not a correct definition of ultra-processed. You can define it anywhere you want. The words mean what they say, we say they mean. Once you've defined it clearly, then we can say, what's its value? What is it? How can we use it? What's its utility? Second thing I would say is, as with any category, if it permits a lot of variability in that category, which ultra-process certainly does, it starts to get a little silly to talk about the overall category because you say, so wait a minute, you want me to consider a meal replacement shake and the same category as I consider a big goal in a 7-eleven. In the same category, consider a chocolate bar. In the same category, I consider a TPN nutrition. These are all arguably ultra-processed in very different things. And I think we want to talk about the things. The next thing I want to bring up is what are we trying to do with it? And this is probably intellectually most important. If you say to me, David, what I am looking for is a heuristic. And this looks back to something I said we did rest later, or earlier I mentioned I said we'd come back to it. The distinction between how much protein do I think somebody ought to eat for a certain goal versus how would I tell them to eat it or what would I tell them about it? Those are two different things. If you said, David, I just want something I can tell people. So that when I tell them this, it has a beneficial effect. Does telling them not to eat ultra-processed foods or to eat as few of them as possible defining ultra-processing this way? Help. The answer is might help a lot. Pans on how you might have very little bit depending on how you said it. We need more studies. We need to figure out my guesses as with everything else that won't last long, right? So you could tell them not to drink sugar sweetened beverages. You could tell them not to eat, fed a chini Alfredo because it's a heart attack on a plate. All these things have a small effect for a while and usually not so much for a long term. But might help. We need to study that. Okay? That says nothing. However, about the effects of a food per se. If you said no David, my goal is to tell people about the foods they should eat. If they actually ate them, what the effects would be or my goal is to determine the effects of foods, then I would go back to a statement from a wonderful book called A Fly in the Oaman by someone named Joe Schwartz. And Dr Schwartz, who's a food scientist, says something like, there is a model, repeat after me, the effect of substances in the body depends on their molecular structure, not their ancestry. So if you give me this molecule or a concoction of them, do eat and you extracted that molecule from some berry and it's natural, or you synthesize that molecule in a laboratory. But in the end, it's the same molecule. We agree, I mean, you could try to synthesize them out of some slight difference. But let's assume it's literally the same molecule. And it's the same structure. You give it to me, and liquid form, and liquid form, or gas is form, or it is. If you say these are going to have different effects because of where they came from, seems to me we're in homeyopathy now. This makes no sense. Yeah, and my favorite example of this is natural sugar versus processed sugar, which is I don't know if the people who say this are ignorant of what fructose and glucose are, or if it's deliberate sort of marketing shenanigans. I think it's a mixture of deliberate marketing shenanigans, but it's also the marketing of ideas, not just food products, by people with particular philosophical and other bends who are anywhere from, you know, it just makes themselves famous to push a philosophical thing to push an anti-industry thing, whatever it is. But yes, I agree with that. Or, you know, there's so many others. Natural vanilla versus synthetic vanilla. If it's still vanilla and it's vanilla, and there's a wonderful book by Alan Levinev, that's called natural, in which you will blow away every common conception of what natural is, and what its value is. And he talks about the idea of, you know, lots of people want the natural vanilla and natural vanilla. Most of the vanilla flavoring we get in this country is not so called natural from the vanilla plant, but if it was, it would probably have a much worse environmental impact than the other sources. So it's not always so simple. In any case, I think Schwartz is right. It's not the ancestry. So whether you give me the molecule and it was locally grown or not locally grown, organic or not organic, ultra-processed or not ultra-processed, it's the molecules and their structure, that matter. Conditional upon the molecules and the structure doesn't matter where it came from. But in defense of the argument that ultra-processed foods must be worse, if you look at the ingredient list, David, the sheer number of molecules there would suggest were playing Russian roulette here. I don't recognize half the names of the things on the bag of Doritos. Like I don't know what they are making that up. I haven't looked at a bag of Doritos in a while, but you could certainly find an ultra-processed food of the grocery store in which you cannot comprehend 50% of what's in it. That's right. And you don't really know the dose either, because the only thing that the FDA requires is that you list them in order of abundance. But it could be that the first one represents 99% of it and the other 12 represent 1% of it. And even amongst that, there's an uneven distribution, et cetera, et cetera. And it could be that these are just preservatives and color additives and they have no physical bear. But you just don't know. But the point is, when I eat an apple, or even if I eat a processed apple, in the sense that it's been pre-cut up, or it's just a dried apple that's dried apple chips, where I can look at the ingredient list and it says apples, I gotta be safer than if I'm eating. Come on, 20 things of which I can't pronounce 13 of them. If that's the logic of your thinking, you have a great product I'd like to sell you. It's gluten-free, it's seed oil-free, it's not ultra-processed, it's free of any harmful thing. It's chemical-free, it has no chemicals in it. I call it vacuum. And I would like to sell you this vacuum and basically I mean nothing because we are chemicals. As my friend for a Clydesdale who is the former head of the nutrition food science department that UMass Amherst used to say, a whole purpose of eating is to get chemicals in the body to replace the chemicals the body loses through the process of living. All food is chemicals, we are chemicals. When you eat that apple and you say, I understand it, that's apple. Unless you have a lot of chemical mileage, I don't have, and most people don't have, you don't understand that any better than you understand something else that says Benzoate, phosphate, or what have you. And you just think you do because you think you understand what an apple is at a chemical level. You understand what is a fruit level, maybe. But not at a chemical level. There are many chemicals, I should say, there are many chemicals in an apple and an orange that you or I couldn't pronounce and that if someone wrote out what the chemicals are, we would say, what is that scary sounding thing? And we also know that things that we think of as natural can be just as harmful, right? Foxclove, hemlock, right? And so that's what the secretes kill by being forced to drink all natural hemlock. It was all natural, very harmful. So poisons, drugs often come from natural things. There's also a misperception that what we think of as natural as somehow has been around for thousands of years. And in some cases, it's true. In many cases, it's not. So the oranges and the apples and the grains that you're eating today were largely not around years ago. They've been bred, even if it's not transgenic, they've been bred by ordinary breeding things. The cows, the chickens, the pigs, have been bred to be different. They are not indigenous species. All the chicken, all the cow, all the pig, that we eat in this country, the soybeans, none of that's indigenous. They're all invasive species, right? Turkey. That's indigenous to North America. Peacons and black walnuts, but not the other walnuts that they love so much in the Mediterranean diet or the other. They're not American. So I think this is all silliness. The only thing that's artificial here is our creation of these categories. And we should just recognize that. We create the categories. Let's make the meaningful and useful.