Let's talk about the cases where you think surgery is really the best course of action. And again, I think it should always be stated that surgery without understanding how you got there and then making sure you correct it post surgically is not what we're talking about. So it should always be assumed that you want to understand what got you there. But what are the indications in your mind for where a patient is better off getting a surgical procedure and we could talk about the different, you know, whether you, you know, what do you think are the best indications for a disconnect to me, fusion, et cetera versus when you think where would you take a contrarian approach where many people would say yes surgery and you would say let's push a little bit harder before. Wow, a lot of elements there. So I'll just start at the beginning and hope I can create a logic story. I did mention the follow-up that we did where 95% of people who were told they needed surgery in fact avoided it. And what we did there was I am knowing to them and said there is your virtual surgery. This worked really well on people who I'll paint to picture of let's take a stay at home long with two young kids. Every day has to go to the gym and ride the ellipticals for 20 minutes do something else. As a stress reliever, otherwise you're going to murder us. But you've heard that story before. And I'll say good, go get your surgery. Are you going to do that tomorrow? No, you are going to lay in bed. You're going to behave like a post-surgical person. You're going to get out of bed and go for a P3 times. That is your total workload tomorrow. And slowly you're going to build yourself back in other words, surgery may work for you because it's forced rest. Now I'm going to give you a tool that will mimic the forced rest. It's called virtual surgery. Tomorrow here's the plan. Here's how you're going to behave. We are going to decensatize strategically. The pain mechanism as we've measured it and we're going to retune your body with strategic mobility and stability plus movement skill. So we don't replicate the stress concentrations that caused your problem in the first place. Let's see how you are. Now if they can do that, 95% poll avoid surgery. So there's my first little story for people in that category. Just to be clear, what are the patients who you would not offer that virtual surgery to? Give me an indication where you would say, you know what, we this is too pressing. Obviously red flags, which before we see a patient, we don't take patients off the street. Never, they always come through position referral. So I'm hoping they've been checked for red flags. Do you know how many have not even though we state in the referral directions to the referring medic? We've had cases of aortic aneurysm, lung embolism, cancerous tumors, metastasized, all sorts of things that somehow these poor people got through the system. We were the ones that found it and saved their lives. So I wish that wasn't the case, but all of those, obviously, are surgery cases and they should never, I'm doing some of the first place. So obvious red flags is number one. Number two is when the pattern doesn't fit. So I was smiling when you were telling your original story only because it was such a familiar spot on pattern consistency. You fit the pattern. I knew exactly what it was. When the pattern doesn't fit, I'll say no, something's not right. I need you to go back to your dog and here's the reason why there is, you know, a turgiveness under your liver, we're not able to move that pain by moving stress concentrations around your spine. So it's not a nerve. It's nothing for a tea broil or a fissette. The pattern doesn't fit. It's something else. So there is a person where we refer back and say something needs further investigation. But now the last part of your question was about the need or when we would say for a person, you're not our person, you need to see a surgeon. Surgeons and by the way, we see far too many post-surgical patients who they went through maybe the surgery was botched. When I see a horrible scar on the outside of the skin, I think, man, if that's the pride that the surgeon took on the outside, what carnage has gone on the inside. Or sometimes it's a shit happens story. The nerve started in and adhered. Oh, that's that's rough. Or the post rehab was terrible. Here's a person who went to a fabulous surgeon and the surgeon says, oh, go do PT. That's your rehab. And the PT goes and gives them toe touches or something. And they just had a micro-disc surgery and guess what, they're re-earnated again. And now we're seeing them. But when would we say, no, you're not for us here. The surgeons are at their best in cases of a real heavy stenosis. So there's not much room in the in your all canal. The facet joints are thick in behind. So you've got encroachment from behind. You've got a calcified disc bulge coming from the front. So a, you know, a couple level aminectomy to give the nerve some space. That really is when the surgeons are at their best. Some of the spawned along my lapathes that will see in the neck. You know, I think of a lead a lawyer in the courtrooms. And the judges would ask him, sir, are you drunk? And he said to us, well, when I, I, I stand, I start my presentation. I'm fine. He says, but after two or three minutes, I'm losing my balance and falling over in the judges' them. He's, he's drunk. And then we found it. It was the cervical's fondle of my lapathes. That was also a total presenting with back pain. But no one had figured this out. So that was a surgery case, obviously. So it's either post trauma. And then that one's obvious. They've got the need a little bit of hardware to stabilize their spine. But it may also be spawned along with the list of the, or the sheer translation is just choking off the caught a quina or another nerve. It's best to, and now we recommend surgeons who we have really good luck with. What about what about nerves pain? What about patients who are either having weakness, such as a foot drop or significant pain like the pain I had, where we have been in the very first case where it was, yeah, okay. So yeah, take that away. Yeah, we have them all the time Peter. If I can get the nerve pain to move on the assessment, please don't have surgery. Let us have a try at it. Most of it, they will be pleased. Wow. And what you're basically doing is right with certain rules. And give me an example of some of those. So let's say your assessment comes out that this person who's having intermittent sciatic pain. And you do an assessment and you say, look, there is no doubt that you have eruptured anulus here. You've got a protruding segment of disc and it is clearly at times, depending on your activity, getting nearer to the nerve root. It's driving that sciatic pain. But during your assessment, I assume what you're getting at is through some of those positional things such as laying the person on their front manipulating the legs, getting the the herniation to retreat into the anulus. So you're saying, if you can demonstrate resolution under a changing movement pattern, that gives you enough confidence that this is, this doesn't need to be removed surgically. I'm Peter Atia. This podcast relies exclusively on premium subscribers for support, which allows us to provide all our content without taking a single penny from advertisers. I believe this keeps my content honest, making it a trusted resource for listeners like you. As a premium member, you'll get immediate access to our entire back catalog of AMA episodes and all future AMA episodes. You'll get longevity, focused premium articles packed with actionable insights. You'll get unrivaled show notes for each and every episode of the drive, every topic, every study, every resource from each episode, carefully curated for you. You'll get quarterly podcast summaries where you'll learn my biggest personal takeaways from the previous 90 days of expert guest episodes and much more. This journey doesn't have to be navigated alone. We can take these steps towards a better, longer life together. Become a premium member today at PeterAtiaMD.com forward slash subscribe to join me in a shared commitment to a healthier future.