Let's go back to the epigenetic clock situation. So do you think that there could be value in this as a tool? Right. And let me hold the bar as high as I think it would need to be to justify their use. So right now we have this thing called chronologic age. Um, I can look at your birth certificate. I can know how old you are. And based on that, I can make an estimate of how much longer you will live. So if I look at a person who's 40 years old and I know nothing else about them. And then I see another person who is 65 years old and I know nothing else about them. I can say with a high degree of confidence that the 65 year old person will live, you know, I'm making this up because I'm not an actuary. But somewhere between 20 and 30 more years and the 40 year old person, I can say with a pretty high degree of confidence will live, you know, whatever somewhere between, call it, you know, 30 to 50 more years or something like that. Now, to me that's a pretty good test. Right. I know, I know, I know a, I know a noable measurable thing about them. It's measurable by knowing their birth date. Right. And it predicts future life. So do you think biological clocks will ever serve a purpose like that where I could take 250 year olds and one of them has a biological gauge of 40 and one of them has a biological gauge of 60 according to the clock and that those numbers will actually be better at predicting future life than their chronological gauge of 50. Or do you put yourself in the camp that says no, Peter, that's a ridiculous standard that no biological clock could ever come to. But it might tell me about their health. It might be yet another biomarker that says, hey, the guy at 40 is just healthier than the guy at 60. And somehow, by the way, it's picking that signal out of a data field that I can't pick out anywhere else. Because they otherwise look identical. We measured this recently because we collaborators of mine at the in US and beyond Gruber and function and I had this small role in this project. They decided the functions of a geriatrician. He sees people all the time frustrated, you know, what can the geriatricians have limited things they can do. They're seeing people that already have multi morbidity and, you know, the clocks are not that useful. And so he's wanted to like, how do we create a reliable clock that a doctor can understand? And so we for what purpose for biological gauge. I'll tell you what I think the purpose is for a minute. And this build this. So their first generation and second generation clocks, the first generation clocks try to predict your chronological gauge and the second one's predict some outcome. So the question is, we want a predict mortality. We know when a predict your chronological gauge. So intrinsically if it works it's going to do better than the chronological gauge for the second generation clocks. So he took in Haynes, you know, dated, collected around 1999, 2000 mortality data for 200 months. And we just, and these parameters are nice because you can actually do a consumer test of HBA one-see, you know, there are many labs that do that. It's reproducible to a large extent, much better than DNA methylation. And doctors use all these parameters. So the things that are in in Haynes like LDL, you know, all the things in your book and I'm a Tory Markers, you know, medical tests, you know, some cognitive self reported stuff. So he's took everything as a feature and used AI, linear model to try to predict mortality. And they're on the second generation of this clock now. And it predicts mortality better than any other parameter in Haynes is way better than ASCVD, the cardiovascular disease measurement. And so recently the methylation data came out on in Haynes. And so we could go back and compare the mortality prediction for methylation clocks. Some of the first generation clocks are worse than chronological gauge. Your passport is better than they are predicting mortality, which to me means that they're not useful. Because, you know, even if they're not designed to predict mortality, if they don't capture some element of that, what are they measuring? You know, the second generation clocks like Grim age and Fino age, they do better jobs than chronological gauge for sure. At predicting mortality. Yeah. And it's just to be clear, we've captured that out of the En Haynes database. That's from In Haynes. That's the only thing we've looked at right now. Okay, let me make sure I understand that. By death, you had 200 months of forward-looking data. So anyway, you've got 18 years of data and you're saying, if we know the methylation of somebody at that time in the cohort, 1999 to 2000, we could predict their date of death better than the actuarial data of the age. Yeah. Okay, I wasn't aware of that. Well, it's just, I don't think it's even, it's been accepted for public education. Okay, I'm not sure it's online yet. Okay. It's not your fault. That's very interesting. Okay, yeah, that's because that, so that basically answers a question that I've never seen answer. Yeah. But our clinical chemistry clock does better than those. Okay. And what is included in that clinical clock? What they're about 50 parameters that we measure now, but complete blood count gives you about 30 of those parameters. So it's not as elaborate as you think it would. Yeah, yeah, I know. And then, you know, it's a lot of standard markers that you are measuring. So you're probably measuring all of that. I guess that was going to be my question. Yeah. It's about $300 in Singapore if you did it all to know of it, but anybody going to a doctor's office has most of those parameters measured anyway. And if they're going to, you know, a wellness-lajewity centered all of them are probably. Of course. Yeah. And so the question I suppose is this, if you're met life, you already, like, you are better at predicting mortality than anybody on the planet. I don't know if it's met life by the way, but pick the best life insurance company. Yeah. Like this is their business. Yeah. They're so good at predicting mortality. It's frightening. Yeah. So yeah, I don't know how they're doing that. So I can't come in. Well, and nobody does, right? Yeah. My point is they're looking at age. Yeah. They're looking at a whole bunch of things in your medical history. Yeah. They're looking at a whole bunch of blood tests, your blood pressure, your weight, your waist, your circumference, all those things. And they're coming up with an exceptional prediction of remaining years on life. The real question is, do you believe that they will incorporate a second generation, uh, a genetic clock or do you believe that they've already got that captured in their data set? They may, I don't know. That's an unsurbful question. I, but again, I were focusing on the clinical chemistry anyway. We're not doing any methylation. Yeah. So, um, and what we're finding is hospitals want to use this now. Big clinical chemistry or methylation? The clinical chemistry. And I think it's because it resonates, you know, when you, when you show them the list of parameters, yeah, a doctor doesn't have to be an expert in epigenetics to figure out what's going on. And the other thing is that all actionable. So we have principal components that we can break it down in and we can see smoking in one component. And we can see metabolic disease in another one in obesity and another one. And we find cases, we find, so if you conclusions from this are really interesting, one is we find cases where nothing's out of the reference range. Okay. So a doctor that's looking at things, especially if they have a few minutes to look at, they're not going to prescribe anything for this person. Yeah. But these four parameters in this principal component are increasing, you know, they're, they're biologic age by four years, which means it's increasing there. It's 50% increase in mortality risk. So, that's, these are actionable things. You know, you can treat LDL. You can treat high blood pressure. You can treat these markers, right? And so clinicians are actually willing to then be a little bit more aggressive and try to prescribe something or lifestyle modification or something to treat these markers. So yeah, as actionable. Yeah, exactly. That makes sense. The reason that you prefer this is it doesn't just give you an answer. It gives you a solution. If we, if we just took a population, a middle aged healthy individuals. Yeah. And we we could design an experiment where you had the placebo arm, the metformin arm, the rapomycin arm, the STL-T2 inhibitor arm, and the GLP1 agonist arm. What is your prediction in length of life? Or additional years of life given in that the six arm study or whatever it is? I'm Peter Atia. This podcast relies exclusively on premium subscribers for support, which allows us to provide all our content without taking a single penny from advertisers. I believe this keeps my content honest, making it a trusted resource for listeners like you. As a premium member, you'll get immediate access to our entire back catalog of AMA episodes and all future AMA episodes. You'll get longevity, focused premium articles packed with actionable insights. You'll get unrivaled show notes for each and every episode of the drive, every topic, every study, every resource from each episode carefully curated for you. You'll get quarterly podcast summaries where you'll learn my biggest personal takeaways from the previous 90 days of expert guest episodes and much more. This journey doesn't have to be navigated alone. We can take these steps towards a better, longer life together. Become a premium member today at PeterAtiaMD.com forward slash subscribe to join me in a shared commitment to a healthier future.