There tend to be these moments along this journey where I assume I'm not unique in this, where people have really significant breakthroughs in beliefs. And it's mostly that a belief gets shattered. Yeah. I, again, this is, I think one of the real um, joys of having a journal is you can kind of go back and read what that was like and, and, and, and read. You know, on this day like through this exercise, this really profound thing happened. I'm a wrote about two of them in, in, in that last chapter of my book, I wrote about one at the bridge and one about PCS that were undoubtedly the two biggest breakthroughs and beliefs I've ever had in my life. They've had a far greater impact on anything in my world. And they both happened in an instant, right? Like they both, they were huge step function changes in a radical belief system. And what I find interesting about it is how much easier it became to make any change after the fact. I never want to represent that I'm, I'm better. We're all in recovery here, but when I think about the December 2017, April of 2020, or maybe it was by this point May of 2020, those particular days when those things happened. I mean, literally within an instant, some, I don't understand, I don't understand the neurobiology of how it happens, but something really switches. And I never look at the world the same way I did before. There's an immediate acceptance of something typically. That's, that's the shattering of the belief system is the acceptance of something that is more, more honest. And, and more genuine to the, to the more, more close to the, in a child that, that we all were. Is that common? First of all, that people have these major, major sort of life-changing appreciations of something. And then secondly, is that, is that by itself sufficient sometimes to drive change? I'd be careful with the common word, but it happens a lot. And I typically hear about it kind of the way you described it. Months, even sometimes years later, right? Like, it hit me one day, or this thing was happening. And I was incredibly compelled to do it the old way, and I heard something so and so said in my ear, you know, or something against that belief system. And that's what's so tricky about that process at the bridge, or if you want to talk about experiential journey, six years in experiential therapies, I mean, just going to a process, a group therapy process, residential, is an experiential intervention, right? And so to be able to put my finger on, well, what was it, you know, what exactly was it, you know, and cannot prove that that was the thing. It's so hard. It's interesting. For me, in both cases, it came down to a therapist pushing very hard, but very kindly against a set of assumptions. It was me saying something, offering it up the same answer, and the person saying, what about this? What about this? What about the, you know, and and and just maybe describe it as a loving confrontation. That that when fully backed into a corner in an unthreatening way, collapsed the scaffolding of a mental model. Yeah, and thank God, I mean, that's you when you tell that about putting your finger on that, like, I've got so much gratitude sitting here, you know, I mean, obviously, I know the moments, you know, I don't several of the moments, and you know, it is common. I think the spirit of you in this example is putting yourself in a position for it to happen. And there being a process to get this guarded version of self out of the way enough to allow something like that to happen. Right, and there's a lot going on to create that or to cultivate that possibility. Yeah, I think that's absolutely the, maybe the lesson I would want somebody to learn from this is in science. There's an expression that I think it was Louis Pasteur that said that, you know, chance favors the prepared mind. And the idea is that great scientific breakthroughs don't just happen. They happen to people who are toiling in the lab, failing, failing, failing, trying again, trying again, constantly thinking about the problem. And yes, usually something lucky happens that trips them in the direction of a discovery. It's often very, very much an accident. But that accident can't happen if you're not on the field. Yeah, so it doesn't happen if you're in the stands. Absolutely. And maybe that's the take away I would want somebody to have here, which is you're very unlikely to have that your recum moment. If you're not mired in the trenches of going through the painful work of figuring out your story, understanding, trying to create the map of what's happening. It's unlikely to happen when you're continuing the distractions or the numbing behaviors. Right, absolutely. And to speak to just, you know, sometimes I guess the frustration with, even the individual one-on-one therapeutic dynamic would be, you know, I've heard a lot of therapists who, many of the therapists who would ask the question, why would somebody go to a residential program that wasn't an addict or alcoholic. Like, to talk about the frustrations of like the goals not being able to put the knowing and the acting. Like, yes, see this person we have four steps forward. We have this great 55 minute session, right? And then six days later, they come back and I'm like, who the hell is this? What happened to them, right? Well, what happened to them is more than likely they went back and lived underneath the same roof with their biggest trainer. Right? And so, you know, in your experience and many others having the ability to get that, you know, that separation, if you will, you know, it's season of separation to make that possible. Not the only way to make that possible, because again, we paint ourselves in a whole little where, you mean if I can't go to a residential program, I can't heal. Right? We certainly don't want to paint that, because then we've got a lot of folks without hope. Right? But one of the ways, absolutely. And do you do, do you view your work today? The work you do just with individual clients is something that you prefer to only do with people once they're coming out of a residential program.