your child is misbehaving. Bedtime routine is a disaster. They don't want to brush their teeth or whatever it is. There's a punishment that you could allocate for that behavior you could say, look, you know, Johnny, if you, if you don't go to bed now, you do not get to play Xbox tomorrow. Right. That's a punishment. There's a reward which is if you do this thing, I'm going to give you an extra 15 minutes of playing Xbox tomorrow. Yeah. Based on what you just said, is it safe to say that offering 15 minutes of extra Xbox is significantly more likely to produce a desired outcome? Absolutely. And I think as parents, we know this, any parent listening knows this right? Your children, we're talking here about permanent behavior change, right? We don't want them just to brush their teeth tonight. We want them to brush their teeth every night. A positive reward, a positive reinforcement is going to be much more powerful at ingraining that habit in their life. What do those of us with young kids need to do to enable our kids to become the type of adults who can make behavior changes and create better habits? So the single most powerful thing we can do is we can teach them how will power works and to build will power habits, because a will power habit actually doesn't tax the metaphor of the muscle of the will power muscle that exists inside our head. And so Angelad Duckworth, who probably many of you listeners are familiar with because of grit, she's done a lot of research on this. One of the things that's really powerful is to explain and demonstrate to kids how to diagnose the Q routine in reward. So that they can begin editing their own habits. So I have a 14 year old in a 17 year old. And one of the things that I do is I'm very ostentatious in how I reward myself for hard behavior. Right, and this is actually kind of counterintuitive because we're dads, we're supposed to be stoic, right? We go out and we run a half marathon and like it's no big deal. We don't, we don't, so what I do is exactly the opposite. I go out and I run not even half marathon and just go and I run four or five miles. I come home and it's like, oh man, that was a hard run, but I push through it. Now you know what I'm going to do? I'm going to have this really yummy smoothie I've been looking forward to. For the next 15 or 20 minutes, I'm just going to lay on the couch and enjoy myself because I feel so good right now. What I'm trying to do is I'm trying to model for them, giving yourself a reward, focusing on that reward is a powerful way to re-enforce or change your own behavior. And I'll do the same thing with Qs. Often times some of the Qs that I use for exercise or for other things aren't visible to my children because I'm, you know, putting my running shoes next to my bed. So I see them when I wake up in the morning and they don't understand the significance of that. Or I'm doing engaged in a sort of ritual before I start writing that they don't see. So what I'll do is I'll be very explicit with them and say, you know what? I need to start writing a 15 minutes. Here's what I'm going to do for the next 15 minutes to get ready for that. I'm teaching them, think about the Qs in your life, think about the rewards in your life. If you focus on those two things, you can create almost any routine any behavior that you want or change any behavior that you want. So let's go back to childhood. Sure. Because I think this is such an interesting place, right? Where I mean, maybe I'm in correct, but I'm assuming that again a lot of these seeds are sewn in how we're raised. And in the case of your kids, they're getting actually kind of like a masterclass because they've got, you know, a parent who's one of the world's experts in it. But they would also, they would not say it was a masterclass. I think I'm a little heavy handed, but thank you for that. But you're being deliberate in how you're coaching. Yeah. So again, for those of us who who want to kind of take a bit of that, because I, you know, I really think like people always ask me like, what do you want for your kids? And that's an interesting question, right? Like, I certainly don't, I don't have any aspiration for what I want them to be professionally. Like it's not like, oh, I want this kid to be that and this kid to be that. I mean, you want your kids to be well adjusted and happy. Yeah. But it's hard to imagine them doing that if they don't have some command and control over themselves. So that you could argue that this is one of the most important things that we want our kids to have. Yeah. And yet I don't feel like we have any adequacy in the training for it. Well, I think you're right. I think that this is something, if this was more of a curriculum in schools, if it was something we taught parents. And that's one of the reasons I wrote the power of habit is I wanted to, I wanted to empower parents to teach their own kids, the stuff recognized things in their own life. I think that a number of us understand intuitively some aspect of this, right? So a lot has been written about the growth mindset, Carol de Wex work out of Stanford. You know, one of the things that she emphasizes is teaching children a sense of agency. That instead of saying, when you bring home an A and your pork cartons and saying, oh, you're so smart, which is something you don't have control over. To say, oh, you must have worked really, really hard because that's something you do have control over. I'm reinforcing your sense of agency. When we do that intuitively or deliberately, one of the things that we're doing is we're teaching our children that they have control over their habits, right? You went and you worked really hard to get that A. You developed a habit of studying, you used your willpower. I'm going to positively reinforce up by recognizing it. Whereas if I say, you must be really smart, you got that A. I'm not positively reinforcing your belief that you can change your behavior. So in addition to explaining to kids and being ostentatious, showing off the cues and rewards in our own life and how we change our own habits, the way that we give rewards to our children, also reinforces for them, whether they believe that they are in control of their willpower or not. And I suppose the other side of that is, how do we handle our own failures in front of them? Absolutely. Do we even admit our own failures? There's a model of fatherhood from the 1950s that you don't burden your family with your ups and downs. Dad's a steady rock. But all the research tells us one of the best things you can do is if you screwed up and I tried to do this all the time. I come home and I'm like, oh man, I called this guy today and I just completely screwed up this interview. Because I want them to know. And then I say, but the thing I realized from it is that next time I call, I need to have something to eat before I call. That's going to help me. I'm modeling for them. A failure is not a failure. A failure is a data point. And I'm a scientist about my own life. I'm Peter Atia. This podcast relies exclusively on premium subscribers for support, which allows us to provide all our content without taking a single penny from advertisers. I believe this keeps my content honest, making it a trusted resource for listeners like you. As a premium member, you'll get immediate access to our entire back catalog of AMA episodes and all future AMA episodes. You'll get longevity, focused premium articles packed with actionable insights. You'll get unrivaled show notes for each and every episode of the drive. Every topic, every study, every resource from each episode carefully curated for you. You'll get quarterly podcast summaries where you'll learn my biggest personal takeaways from the previous 90 days of expert guest episodes and much more. This journey doesn't have to be navigated alone. We can take these steps towards a better, longer life together. Become a premium member today at Peter AtiaMD.com forward slash subscribe to join me in a shared commitment to a healthier future. Thank you.