You're looking for obviously the count and the motility, what else do you look for? So in the steam analysis, there's several features I consider it sort of a poker hand. There's a volume, how much of the steam volume? There's a count concentration of sperm that's numbers per mill. And then there's motility which is percent motion. You do a forward progression. So how good is the quality of motion? And typically, some measure of shape called morphology. There's three liquid issues. Liquid faction, a glute nation, in viscosity. And then you look for other cells that aren't sperm. They're called round cells. And you're going to be pus cells or immature germ cells that are early ejaculated early. And presumably you want to see fewer of those. Right. There's a number like less than a million normal. Okay. So if you ask me, well, how do I look at a steam analysis? That's a little different. I look at it as a poker hand with each card as I'm meaning, but they have a look. So if you said, what do you mean by that? So if the volume is low, that's one of five things. You're always going to find something. It's at the collection error. I call it first samples and drone. Guys not go to that. Right. You know, it's like, okay, I got to put it in the cup. And I got to stop doing what I'm doing. Okay. You know, so you do a second sample. And then there's low testosterone can cause it. There's an apps and vast difference, which means you have an apps in some of us. So go, there's a jack toy, a jack toy. And by the way, do you ever have that on one side and not the other? Or is that always okay? Yeah, that was very, very, but segmental. Yep. And so there's five real issues. So when I see a low volume semen as a surgeon and as a dot, I mean, I'm going to find something. So that's really good. Other than that, the semen analysis, I think I've been published as saying it's a blunt instrument for fertility. Unless it's zero, you can't really say much about their fertility. Because people can see that all levels. And people are there. Are there, you know, obviously you rattled off a whole bunch of parameters that you can access there. But are there certain null states that don't exist where everything is amazing, but this one thing is horrible. Like do you see scenarios where everything is remarkable? Perfect, motility, but bad morphology or specific morphology. I see it isolated things. You do see isolated things. Right. So one of them is called, I call it syndromic sperm shape problem. So you can have a perfectly normal semen analysis, count motility volume progression. And the sperm looked terrible. And so there are rare conditions, one in 5,000, where you might have global, so sperm, or two tailed sperm, or pinheads sperm. So if you look at shape, 4% should look normal, just terrible. You know, all discussion about why 4% of human sperm being normal is normal when 99% of animal species in the wild have normal looking sperm. But it's all a construct. Right. It's all a construct of who someone decided what normal is. But in men who have large abnormal forms, like 4% normal, if they're 1% normal. And you look at the abnormalities. I'm sorry. I'm still confused on that point. Are you saying that in a, you would consider it perfectly normal if only 4% of the sperm are more phologically perfect and 96% or not? And that means the 96% that are not could be pinhead, could be double tail, a more festive tapering end. Going back to the original. That's a, that's a math and petition. That's not a great number. Is it? No. And if you look at marine species, 99, 9, look perfect. If in the wild. Yeah. And presumably that's because they're environment is so much more hostile. Like they're doing this all in the ocean. I don't know, but it's, it's amazing that we're that good with the sperm. But again, it's a construct. It's like putting stars ordering stars in the universe, Cassiopeia. Someone named Kruger said, this is what a normal sperm looks like. And, but we know that two tailed sperm have double tailed. I mean, it might be the two tail might not be the worst thing in the world. It's just extra rockabusters. But what about the pinhead? What is the pinhead? And it means there's no nucleus. It's a tail. So that's a true problem. You a girl. Yeah. It's like a little tiny head and moving along. So if you, if you, if you rule out, if you, if you give somebody credit for their two tails, what's, what is your normal go up to from 4%. Oh, it depends, but maybe 20. Okay. So there's still 80%. But we'll fill our, we're going to be a more fiss, the head's a little rounder, the heads a little narrower. Those are called stress patterns. Some things like hot baths and varicocials and smoking will do that. Which is that bad. All right. So in the case of 1% normal, you've got to look at the 99% because that's not the story. The stories and the other, the other chunk. Yeah. And if they're all looking the same, then it's in drumic. And then you have a problem. I see. So the more homogenous the, have an ameliores are the more likely if you have a queer ideology. And that's hard to fix. I mean, they'll fail with sex. They'll fail with insimination. They'll fail with IVF. They'll fail with IVF and XC. And sometimes with global subspermia where they're called Lali Pop sperm, they just have a big round head with no acrosome. And there's all nucleus and there's some of the components. They'll just bounce off an egg. They'll never work. Right. They'll never do work naturally. And to get them to work with IVF, you have to single sperm inject them into the egg. And then shock the egg with calcium to a calcium or pizioelectrics to get it to sort to, to actually fertilize. Because it also introduces the sperm is important with fertilization. Not only has the bind, but the calcium channels are regulated by sperm. And what shuts to doors the polyspermia in an egg is calcium activation. This is the reason why even if you launch a hundred sperm at an egg, it's only one that can get in because the first guy that breaches sets off the calcium channel that shuts the, I mean, the star wars space and allergies here are just phenomenal. Right. Million years. Yeah. A million years. No more breaches in the hole. So there's so more biology can matter a lot, but it's very rare. So I'd say twice a year in my practice, I'll see this. Because everything's failing and everything looks normal and they ask me what's going on. And I'll look at it really closely and say, you have this issue and there's not much we can do to treat it. Now we're going to try sperm swarming technologies which are out in the market, microfluidics and things like that. And I've been throwing that at them. Sometimes it works, sometimes it doesn't. And is that something that we know the genetic underpinning of? We're getting their PLZZ aid at deficiencies. One of them recently discovered that that runs the calcium channel, which tends to be associated with certain look like locals of sperm. Yeah. So it's coming around. Think about that for a second from an evolutionary perspective. That's positive. That is the single least desirable genetic mutation you could acquire. Yeah, unless you're not making sperm. Yeah, but this is a dead end to the genome. Right. So does that mean it is only an unacquired mutation never inherited? I mean, it can't be inherited presumably unless it's homozygous, but even still. That's one of the 50 we throw off in each generation, 50 mutations. That's just incredible. I think what I would like to emphasize in this podcast is how fluid evolution actually is. And it's sperm driven and it's transgenerational. So if you ask me, what's the theme for today? It's a sperm matter a lot. A lot a lot more than we've given them credit for. All right. So let's talk about, so basically just rounding out the choices, physical, and analysis on the cemen analysis, what if motility is the problem? So I look at in my poker analogy of the hand, if you have everything looks good, but the motility is low, I think of short-term toxins. So not severe severity. So things like exposures, so medications, I think about habits, pot, smoking, hot baths, I think about behaviors, lifestyle, I think about, so I look for an exposure in that individual. Basically picked up on the history. Varicocials and exposure, things like that. And if the count down and the motilities down, it's I think of a longer severe exposure. So there's rural fashes and there's four for kindness, two of a kind. So I would think of more of, so my goal when I see that cemen analysis, see that patient is to figure out if he's not normal, why? And by the way, do you get that analysis the day he's in the clinic with you, or is that something you follow upon an appointment with? Pretty much have it in my hand when I see them. Either they give it to me or I get one, I want that there because that's when I look at them, I'd like to have that in front of me to say, what kind of poker hand are you playing? And this is something that's standardized and automated through my microfluidics. How is the, how is the assay actually done? So the guy ejaculates and it takes it to a lab. Oh, I mean, so it used to be done manually. Okay. And now it's done with the hematotometers and like, it's done with machines. Okay. The cuter assisted cemen analysis does most of them in IVF groups. So it's realized. Standardized. Oh yeah. Okay. I like the, you know, I like the bespoke suit. So I like the hand made seem so when I have mine repeated, I usually have someone do it by hand because there's observations I like, which is, hey, you know what, 1% morphology, but all the others look like this. Mm-hmm. Those comments are incredibly valuable that you don't really get from a computer assisted cemen analysis. Yeah. But it's faster and you don't have a lot of human effort involved with the computer. And are they using AI for this yet? Yeah. I mean, some people are for sperm selection a little bit. But yeah, there's a lot of stuff to help out. And now it will be really helpful for morphology to standardize it because one man named Kruger and South Africa correlated bad sperm shape with IVF outcomes and didn't not find that they were good when the sperm look bad. That's what the 4% came from. But it's really hard to do that every time and do it well because it's so hard to do. Hoping AI, machine learning can help standardize the look. Because sperm, you know, it's just, it's hard. Yeah, given how good AI is at image recognition. This should be, this should be like, this should be, to one foot, put. Yeah. I'm Peter Ratea. This podcast relies exclusively on premium subscribers for support, which allows us to provide all our content without taking a single penny from advertisers. I believe this keeps my content honest, making it a trusted resource for listeners like you. As a premium member, you'll get immediate access to our entire back catalog of AMA episodes and all future AMA episodes. You'll get longevity, focused premium articles packed with actionable insights. You'll get unrivaled show notes for each and every episode of the drive, every topic, every study, every resource from each episode, carefully curated for you. You'll get quarterly podcast summaries where you'll learn my biggest personal takeaways from the previous 90 days of expert guest episodes and much more. This journey doesn't have to be navigated alone. We can take these steps towards a better, longer life together. Become a premium member today at Peter RateaMD.com forward slash subscribe to join me in a shared commitment to a healthier future.