So make sure I'm putting this in perspective. So my eight year old, who is that kid who loves baseball. And all he does is talk baseball stats. He's a literal, he is a walking baseball statistic. Do you know so and so hit 326, that this many homeruns and you know, he was able to hit 477 feet above a. So he will be able to get to know his AI tutor. They will figure out in short order that the way to his heart is baseball. And anything that you can teach in baseball terms, he's fixated exactly. And AI will be able to give him a lesson to pursue mastery. But under the guhaz of baseball. Under baseball. Right. And it's just and we all know this, which is you're always, that's what teachers are always trying to do is, how do I get with the kids like and associate with it. But at scale, you don't have 30 kids who like all the same thing. Yeah, you know, et cetera. So here's an example of what you can actually do today. There's if you, we have a, so static, you know, you have hallucinations. And so you don't, you don't want to release those yet. But we have a dynamic reading generation. It's called Teach Tales. And the goal of this is to get kids to love to read. So if you take a third grade boy, it's like, I hate books, right? I hate books. I'm not a book guy. And you're like, which are favorite movie? The Avengers? Who are your soccer buddies? Okay. And you create the AI generates a choose your own adventure where you're saving the world with your soccer buddies. And you know, they have to keep the age B and a vendor. And each B1 and literally in the Lexiile level, right, the difficulty goes up it knows, right? So it's keeping you in the zone of proximal development within 10% of, you know, what you know, your Lexiile level, the kids will sit there and click for an hour. Right? Just totally engage. Non-stop reading. Non-stop. And just all of a sudden, you know, because we do have a reading problem in this country, people don't read books and all the things, this is the kind of thing where Gen AI is gonna be able to suck kids in, right? And, you know, our competition is Fortnite and TikTok, right? And we need to use things like Gen AI to create such compelling content for kids. That's related to what they care about. That also teaches, okay? I got to teach you for actions, but we're doing this baseball thing, so you're fine, right? You love that. You know, there's a whole program that a lot of people on finance where, you know, and there's actually a program where they have a mother-daughter thing back to a different way to try to solve it without an AI tutor, where there's all these finance moms who teach their daughters poker in middle school. And they're like, I'm gonna get them into poker to teach all these skills and the math skills and all the things that aren't being taught in my school. But with us, we can get that engagement level where the kids are interested in it. And to give you a couple of examples and I'll use some of our high school kids. So, you know, when you transfer into, you know, alpha high, your knowledge of history is very limited, which is if it's in the musical Hamilton, you know it occurred, and if it didn't occur, you know, it's not in a song in Hamilton, you don't know it. You know, because we don't teach history very much anymore. And but all the kids know Hamilton, they all sing songs. So our US history, AP World history, they literally used AI, they did this on their own, that was on our stuff. They used AI to generate, here's all the facts. You know, there's nine units in US history, for each unit they created a song. And they said, give me all the facts that I need to know for this unit. And they pumped into sumo, which is an available, you know, song generator. And they got, they created just their own album of songs. And they all would just sit around and sing the songs and you know, learn the facts that way. And do it in a way they all were very interested in, right? And they all got five on their AP, because you can do it to mastery. And so Jenny AI is gonna allow us to create this awesome dynamic content that's relatable, you know, and focused on what, or applicable to what kids want. The other part is, you know, there's a learning science concept, also bells of an framework. So, you know, the fastest way to learn is basically analogy. And so do you have a knowledge graph, right? This is the A in the ABC. So Dean Schwartz's book, which I guess, we're gonna link to that in the show notes, goes through A to Z, everything that learning science has come up with. Exactly. So he has, so Dean Schwartz from Stanford, right? He got a school education, one of the leaders in the field, right? His written a book, and he's like, here it is, you know, and every letter has a different one. But this one A is analogous and other ones are a member. And analogies, right? Where that's the fastest way to learn. And so if you know what a kid knows, like part of, we have a content team when I talk about those 100 facts, ideas and concepts for our, what they're using as reference is they're using TikTok memes, as cause kids know TikTok, right? And they know what's on TikTok. You know, like, well, let's take what we're trying to teach them and use something they already know, and that's actually the fastest way to have kids learn concepts. And so those are all coming, then even when you talk even further, the part we don't have in yet, but you know, our team's working on it is, we also take into account, we will be taking into account, the cognitive load, right? Of the brain, which is, we know we're going to be able to create a lesson that where we know how many working memory slots you have. We know what you know to fluency and what you don't. And we're not going to give you a question that's going to overload your working memory. Or we also know how many reps you need, right? And GT kids need fewer reps. And so we're not going to bore you by giving you too many reps to memorize it. Conversely, we're going to make sure you have enough reps if you need them. And so this personalized learning where you're generating the content dynamically, is going to be just this crazy unlock for these kids. And five years from now, I was going to look back and be like, okay, obviously, kids can learn 10 times faster. You know, we wake up every day and they're just like, it's like Neo in the Matrix, right? Where that's a physical upload, ours is, right? Using learning science concepts, kids can learn 10 times faster. And when you think about that, you have 12 years, right? You've 12 years to fill your kids head with cool stuff, knowledge, right? Because they have to hang out in that, right, in their brain for the rest of their life. And we've allocated 12 years to fill it up. We just need two hours a day, a 10 times faster. And all the kids can have more stuff and more cool stuff about stuff they like in their heads, two mastery level. Levels none of us as parents could ever imagine. And still give the kids their time back for the rest of the day to do all other things. I'm Peter Atia. This podcast relies exclusively on premium subscribers for support, which allows us to provide all our content without taking a single penny from advertisers. I believe this keeps my content honest, making it a trusted resource for listeners like you. As a premium member, you'll get immediate access to our entire back catalog of AMA episodes and all future AMA episodes. You'll get longevity, focused premium articles, packed with actionable insights. You'll get unrivaled show notes for each and every episode of the drive, every topic, every study, every resource from each episode carefully curated for you. You'll get quarterly podcast summaries where you'll learn my biggest personal takeaways from the previous 90 days of expert guest episodes and much more. This journey doesn't have to be navigated alone. We can take these steps towards a better, longer life together. Become a premium member today at PeterAtiaMD.com forward slash subscribe to join me in a shared commitment to a healthier future.