Do you think that immortality is impossible? Unless we define it through kind of like AI copying your brain. Let's put the, I mean, physical immortality. Do you believe that that is, that is impossible? Well, I like to tell people that I'm immortal, because I think the mindset that it gives me is a very healthy mindset for me. We can come to, you know, you talk a lot about the emotional aspects of aging in your book. I love that chapter. We can come to that later. But that's, I don't really believe it's true. I think the odds that you could achieve that level of change in aging is non-zero, but close. So I'm skeptical that that can be done. I think it's fair to say, but I wouldn't rule out the possibility. Of course, nobody's ultimately going to be immortal, because you're going to get hit by a boss sooner or later. But what you're really talking about is being immortal in terms of dying from aging. Yeah, what I guess what I'm really saying is, can one ever get to the point where resilience is high enough that you cannot die from disease. I have seen nothing so far that suggests that's possible. Okay, but that doesn't mean it isn't possible. Yeah. And then that gets even to physical frailty and so our opinion and things like that, where even when we see centenarians and super centenarians, their frailty is still pretty remarkable. Meaning. Meaning like they still look pretty feeble in frail. Like, I mean, the age adjusted their grade. Yeah. But at the end of the day, like when they're 110, they still look like someone who's in the final years of their life, just as someone would if they were 84, 85. I mean, I had two grandmothers that lived to almost 100. One died at 99 and the other 101. And the one at 101, I would say that at 90, she was driving at 95. I think she quit driving. She bought a 238 game at 93. She was like a 93. Yeah. But so that's my point. She's like a 70 something girl. Exactly. My point is she just had a phase shift of 20 years. But it didn't undo the inevitability of that. Behind. Yeah. Yeah. I agree with that. I think that. But I'm getting us to 100. So a good goal. I think. I agree completely. Do you think that, again, we're spending too much time. We're worrying about finding immortality, escape velocity, understanding the core of aging. When maybe we should be spending more time on how do we preserve health span in the last decade of life? Why is it that most people in the final decade of their life are physically too frail to enjoy life are cognitively just, you know, even absent Alzheimer's disease. They're just not cognitively sharp enough. They're in pain. They're fracturing their hips. They're not doing what, you know, what gave them joy through most of their life. Yeah. I think that we should fund aging somewhere closer to the level we're funding cancer and answer both of those questions at the same time. I think one of them is a translational question about how do we slow aging as much as we can right now and improve the health of the population as much as possible. And the other one is a basic science question. Can we stop aging? Can we reverse aging? No one can. But anybody has the answer to that. They're lying to you or they're lying to themselves. Okay. We don't know. And I think that, but it's maybe the most important question in biology and we should be throwing money at it. So we've seen all this money going to like the private sector side by tech companies, supplement companies, longevity clinics, and on and on. And I think that's great, by the way. And I've spent a lot of my time working with those groups because I think it's important. But we're not seeing the academic funding that's going into the basic science of aging and longevity. And the big question still, that you just raised, they're still not answered. And so I'm not, I'm changing your question to a plea for more funding. And unfortunately, the kind of funding that supports that is usually government funding, foundation funding, and that's under major threat right now. So I'm really worried that we're not going to answer those questions. Well, it's funny. This was a discussion that came up on a longevity roundtable. I think most people, myself included, were really surprised to hear how disparate the funding differences are and how if you could put, I don't know, if you could reallocate 10% of funding from the disease-specific pools to the age pools, it could have an enormous difference. Based on how it's a little bit of a statement. Yeah. So when you think about the big chronic diseases, cardiovascular disease, cancer, demented diseases and metabolic diseases, right? Those would be the big four. I've often maintained that the least inevitable of them is ironically the one that is the most deadly today, which is cardiovascular disease. Yeah. The atherosclerotic disease is so cerebral and cardiovascular, ironically, the most preventable. I think because we have the best understanding of what causes them and we couple that with the most tools to prevent them, whether it be tools to combat hypertension, disability, me, et cetera. And they're responsible to a responsive to the lifestyle of case. Yeah. Which of those major diseases of the other three, demented, cancer, metabolic? Do you believe is the most inevitable to our species? I wouldn't put metabolic. I agree. Yeah. Sure. Because I see that more like cardiovascular. I agree. So of the other two, cancer and demented or neurodegenerative diseases, which one is just seemingly inevitable. We don't know enough about dementia to answer, but I will say that cancer is a little bit different than these other diseases, I think. It's not a, and it may be less modifiable by longevity interventions. Dimension, we just don't know. My guess is it's highly modifiable too, but there's not enough data to be sure of that. Like there is for metabolic and cardiovascular disease. But cancer is, is, is, is an accumulation of mutation. So it's a more defined event that's happening. It's also a impact on the immune system that's different a little bit than normal aging. So it may be less approachable from a longevity viewpoint point. Yeah. That's exactly my view that cancer is the most inevitable of these diseases. Do you think that the inevitability or the age-related component stems more from the accumulation of mutations or the weakening of the immune system? It's probably both. I mean, you don't get to cancer without the right mutations happening. But I think we're learning more and more that the immune system is playing a major role in it. We can see that very clearly from the interventions that improve immune function and they're having a big role in certain types of tumors. But I think that's going to be true for Alzheimer's and the dementia as well. We've completely underestimated the role of inflammation in the immune system and those diseases as well. And they may be the primary drivers. You know, I kind of, I'm very frustrated by some of these fields. One of them is Alzheimer's. You know, the, I kind of feel like, you know, one of these Alzheimer's researchers are going to die at some point of 90 and on their, on their two stone, it's going to be like, you know, major accomplishment was the completely remove plaques from the brain died of Alzheimer's at 94. You know, it's, it's, it's, it's, there's been so much focus on one or two mechanisms of disease that we spent 30 years not studying the others, which may be more important. Why do you think that? I mean, I write about it in the book, but I'm really curious as to why you think that's happened. And because that's not it. Unfortunately, that's not an isolated incident in science. So why do you think it's happening in a field where the results are otherwise so dismal? What's the, what's the same? That scientific progress happens one field of fear to the time. Yeah. I think that's part of it. You know, you get people that have successful research programs and their postdocs get hired and all the jobs. And so when you take a field and it grows from a small field to a bigger field, you everybody can draw their lineage back to four or five different PI's and so whatever models. And those PI's get really focused on those models and they see that as their ticket to prizes and things like that. And so then you, you focus on a subset of the disease mechanisms that the exclusion of all others. And I, I don't want to single Alzheimer's out. And I think a lot of diseases meet that category. But it's unfortunate because what we're realizing is that, you know, there's a lot of factors that contribute to any disease. And I think longevity may be an interesting way of looking at it. Like I think it's better. Like I'll take it take a mouse. Okay. We've tried to make Alzheimer's models in mice and they, they don't prove that informative. Why, you're creating a disease a mouse doesn't get genetically in a young mouse. And comparing that to a natural disease and an old human. I think you learn more about Alzheimer's. If you look at the brain, neurodegenerative changes that happen in the mouse normally with aging. The, the downstream things are different. But the drivers may be the very similar to the ones that are driving Alzheimer's Alzheimer's. And that may be a better model of Alzheimer's than trying to artificially create something that a mouse doesn't get. So that's what I think aging is helping change that perspective that, you know, the drivers of aging, I think are very similar between a mouse and a human. The downstream events can be different. But the drivers are what we care about, right? So. I'm Peter Atia. This podcast relies exclusively on premium subscribers for support, which allows us to provide all our content without taking a single penny from advertisers. I believe this keeps my content honest, making it a trusted resource for listeners like you. As a premium member, you'll get immediate access to our entire back catalog of AMA episodes and all future AMA episodes. You'll get longevity, focused premium articles packed with actionable insights. You'll get unrivaled show notes for each and every episode of the drive, every topic, every study, every resource from each episode, carefully curated for you. You'll get quarterly podcast summaries where you'll learn my biggest personal takeaways from the previous 90 days. You'll get a lot of updates of expert guest episodes and much more. This journey doesn't have to be navigated alone. We can take these steps towards a better, longer life together. Become a premium member today at PeterAtiaMD.com forward slash subscribe to join me in a shared commitment to a healthier future. Thank you.