Question one, if a guy is taking exogenous testosterone and let's just say he's been on it now for a few months Is he able to create sperm? Not 95% chance he's not. Wow. While he's on it. Yep. Understeady can he create it once he stops and we'll and we'll definitely address that But just to be clear even a couple of months on Exogenous testosterone in any form injection, topical, oral, whatever You basically have shut off the ability to make sperm because your testies themselves have shut down Right no signals. Yep. Okay. No gas to the engine now there are some ex- it's nuanced. Okay So there's there are formulations that are topical that are less potent that way Less inhibitory than injectables So there are variations in the spectrum of exogenous testosterone that will maintain some of your fertility There are formulations at least the I don't want to go so far as to call it the marketing material but for lack of a better term the marketing material is Suggestive that the more frequently delivered variants so for example the intranasal variant which is delivered three times a day the oral variant Delivered twice a day have a less of a negative impact because they're producing far lower Surges than if you did a weekly injection is that what you're referring to? Yeah, so they do more physiologic. Yep. They're in the normal range more what gives you side effects from testosterone Including sterility is the spice too much. Yeah, so in your experience has that born out So men you've seen men taking the testo three times a day doing a nasal keeping their sperm count keeping their sperm counts Okay, that's interesting to note. What about the oral testosterone the twice a day? Love it so and it's testosterone neck and neck and neck and neck and neck and neck and neck and no eight and It was not Available in America for 50 years was available in Europe and a couple of researchers. You say a as been wife team beautiful Decide what happened was we were worried when we took oral to the liver right to the Military system and go to liver cause liver cancer so was always verboten All right, so now let's talk about the guy who comes to see you. He's been on exogenous testosterone for three years So he was given poor advice three years ago. He went to some shady You know back alley website and they just you know He was 27 years old at the time He just wanted to I mean this is tragically a very common story by the right so this guy's been on 200 milligrams A testosterone a week for the past three years. He's now 30 years old. He's met the love of his life and Loan behold they can't seem to get pregnant So he's in your office during the history you find out pretty quickly. He's been on 200 milligrams a testosterone for three years Tell me what his sperm analysis looks like you see there knows there presumably there are no sperm. I would bet 95% Confidence that he would be no have no sperm in a salmon. Okay. I'm 200 milligrams a week So what are you telling him now? How are you gonna solve this problem? So it's funny because a lot of guys come in and They're they look good and And I want to examine. I'll say are you taking anything? Are you taking because they never put it on the medication? Right? You never write it out on the history you always have to get it out of it if they look if they're super jacked But then they have tripled testes. Yeah, and they're zero and they're wondering what you know right? So I will look them in the eye. It's a you taking testosterone And I'll look them in the eye until they answer and if they look down and And they don't say anything. I know they're on it if they look me the eye and say no, then I know they're not but they'll always look away Because it's this verboten thing so This is the same by the way as I'm sure you experienced as a Resident and the ER the people that come in with foreign rectal bodies and a barminal pain That's the one thing they emit from their history, right? It's like they tell you you know this the last time I ate this is this this is this But then you get the x-ray back and there's like a candlestick in their colon and then you say What about this candle? Yeah, what about this candle stick and they're like oh I totally forgot to mention that. Yes. Yes. That was lit. What I went in. Yeah. Yeah So typically I'll say so my there is about this is if he's Why is he taking it so if he's taking a franabolic? You know he probably has a pretty good idea and I want that send you it's give you a little research We're doing on the lifespan of anabolic storage users So remind me at the end of the story it's to give you a little brief on about what what I know about that but So I so when you take so how he takes it matters So if he's been in constant use injectables. Yep. That's the most suppressive of fertility and If you turn a gland like a testicle off long enough, it's off So I gave a lecture to the Antiquity on covering men from hypergonism and young men and I asked them a question at the end Because I this is I my whole Procedure comes from steroid users. I I take notes when the anabolic guys come see me because they're really smart And they know a lot about reactions biology That's incredible everything. Yeah, but there's a science some of them are PhDs I took notes for years and it came up my approach Along with what I know right so it's very much in concern with concert with them So everything I say is sort of built on a large experience And it's called getting off the juice block and I have people read that blog do it and say get about 80% of the way and then call me and say and need help here Now I'm here. Yeah, we'll link to this in the show. No, it's for sure getting off the juice and there's a PowerPoint in it so the Recovery is usually possible in young men, but it depends on how much they took how long they took it and how they took it If they do it like a cycling effort that's the best right? So if you cycle steroids you recover the betueteria you get back to normal and then you hit it again That's actually quite smart. Constant use is not Constant use for longevity or whatever is not a good idea for fertility So that's gonna be much more suppressive injections are worse than orals or any gels Mm-hmm So the next thing is how long so I asked the under-consciety since I answered all their questions I said have a question for you. Can you turn a testicle off like an a thyroid or a adrenal gland if you suppress it enough Can you turn it off for good and they said yeah, that's a bad question of ours We can do that and I said because we believe it's always reversible in the field of infertility and men And so that got me a little worried and so now I kind of worry about five to ten years of use after five or ten years of use You may not get it back either the ability to make sperm or the ability to make testosterone native so we typically tell men in our practice Don't you know two years would be the absolute ceiling maybe are we too conservative? Maybe okay Depends on dose again everything right if they're two and a 50 a week though I mean in our practice it would be 50 twice a week. Yeah, okay. I did a study Published a study on the fellow and Houston of a guy who took it for 25 years and We drove at him with genetic tropans as Hcg and FSH and we didn't get anything but he had testiculate No, we got us a low number of sperm back and I just had a guy from Louisiana and I come in 25 years of chronic use I did a mapping procedure to find sperm and it's testicone and he's gonna be having a kid But he made a couple of sperm after and that was correct But you pump him full of Hcg and synthetic air and get nothing and then you have to look in a Testicle because production can be low enough to be there, but not coming up But this is the rescue protocol. It's LHFSH Basically, there's three ways to do one is never stop the testosterone suddenly Hmm interesting because men all hit the dogms like a poop and they'll flop over like they have the flu They'll feel like shit and they'll get right back on it. They're feel terrible Because they have nothing going on if you take the testosterone away Their persistence turned off. They're not making their own it takes time to get the system to reactivate So that's the hardest. So I always taper testosterone over over what period of time six weeks Typically you have the dose for two have the dose for two and then offer two and then you measure and That's like getting out of the white water into the green the green wall a little bit So that's a little smoother So taper and then I offer them two options one opposite taper alone taper with chroma during chroma theme Which is a little quicker getting the pituitary to turn back on So that will that will soften the blow of the feeling of feeling completely fatigued or more aggressively Hcg and and and chroma Okay That's interesting. I guess there's no at about six weeks or and there's no so it's it's interesting If you give Clome the pituitary will make FSH and LH It doesn't shut off. It takes a lot. Well, that's a way more cost effective approach than giving since synthetic FSH is pricey Yes, couple thousand a month. Yeah, America. Yeah, so is there any reason to do that over the chroma Prochers it just that it's faster. I think you might gain a couple of weeks of time. Okay, so for most people that's not self-priced with that taper over a month or two I usually check their T levels at around two weeks off of the last testosterone and that's the lowest they'll be and if they're in a good range There that didn't you you can use that as a predictor of their response and there would be good If they're in the normal range. Oh really. Okay, so you we we want within a couple months to see them back to 600 300 would be okay. Okay, okay, okay, all right, but then to get them to where they want to be depends on their symptoms and what they're happy with I'm you know, I'm not sure I'm not you you won't know so you wait longer to see how how high you can get them that's the lowest they'll be But you'll be off of testosterone and if they go along that taper and they're not tolering I try to tell them don't go back just stay there because time will help you yeah And you're not gonna feel maybe that great but try to do this because if you don't you if you go back Then we have start over but if you just maintain it for a while you'll feel better and some of them dip a little bit But remarkably most men do really well with that taper I'm Peter at you this podcast relies exclusively on premium subscribers for support Which allows us to provide all our content without taking a single penny from advertisers? I believe this keeps my content honest making it a trusted resource for listeners like you as a premium member You'll get immediate access to our entire back catalog of AMA episodes and all future AMA episodes You'll get longevity focused premium articles packed with actionable insights You'll get unrivaled show notes for each and every episode of the drive every topic every study every Resource from each episode carefully curated for you You'll get quarterly podcasts summaries where you'll learn my biggest personal takeaways from the previous 90 days of expert guest episodes and much more this journey doesn't have to be navigated alone We can take these steps towards a better longer life together Become a premium member today a Peter at tmd.com forward slash subscribe to join me in a shared commitment to a healthier future