What constitutes cognitive behavioral therapy before we even get into cognitive behavioral therapy for insomnia? So we've had a podcast where we talked about dialectical behavioral therapy DBT, but we haven't covered CBT. Okay. Can you give us a little bit of the tapestry of what defines it and why it of course then has this additional subset of treatment for insomnia? Yeah, I should have done that first. That's a great question. So cognitive behavioral therapy, my favorite way to think about this is in a triangle. We have thoughts, we have feelings, and we have behaviors. And you can think about this triangle as having these three pieces that are all connected. And cognitive and behavioral therapies or cognitive behavioral therapies generally will focus on one intervening on this process between thoughts, feelings and behavior. And one of these, the sides of the triangle, right? So let me just spell out a quick example process, right? So let's say we have a patient with type 2 diabetes who has the thought, I'm never going to be able to get my blood sugar under control. I'm never going to be able to manage this and not be able to do this. When a person has those thoughts, how do they feel? Crumming, feel bad about themselves. When people feel bad about themselves, what do they do? Eat some chocolate cake. Eat some chocolate cake. What does that do? That reinforces the thought, I'm never going to be able to do this, right? So we've got this pattern of thoughts, feelings, behavior, right? On repeat, right? And cognitive behavioral therapies will choose where to intervene on a process in that triangle. So we might intervene. Cognitive behavioral therapy for insomnia, for example, is really focused on the area between thoughts and feelings in many ways, because people will have a lot of thoughts. I can't sleep. I'm never going to be a good sleeper. If I don't sleep eight hours tonight, I'm going to lose my job, whatever. And then the big emotions that follow from that. We work on questioning a lot of those thoughts to then recalibrate the feelings that follow. Like, oh, if I don't sleep eight hours tonight, I won't feel great tomorrow, but I'll probably be okay at work, right? The feeling is much smaller than if I don't sleep eight hours tonight, I'm going to lose my job tomorrow, right? There's noticeably different. In terms of depression, an example that I like might be someone saying, oh, you know, I'm really depressed now, but when I feel better, I'm going to take my grandkids to the movies. That's what I'm going to do. I'm going to take my grandkids to the movies. I'm going to take them to the zoo. I'm going to do all these things. So as a therapist, what I might do is I have the patient right, all of this huge, long list of stuff they're going to do when they feel better. And then you know what I'm going to do. I'm going to get out there calendar with them. And I'm going to say, all right, I don't care how you feel. We're scheduling all of these things. So we're intervening on that behavior to thoughts line, right? So we're going to make them take the kids to the zoo. We're going to make them take the kids to the movies. And then the kids are going to have a great time. And the patient's going to come back and say, oh, you know, I'm a pretty kick ass growl. Kids at a great time. This was pretty great. So we're intervening on the behavior to change the thoughts about the self, right? Like, oh, I'm going to do these things when I'm better, right? So a major feature of cognitive behavioral therapies is intervening on behavior to change thoughts, but also intervening on thoughts to change feelings. And there's just many, many applications for this. Cognitive behavioral therapies been adapted for a whole host of disorders for eating disorders, for insomnia, specifically for anxiety. That's going to be more in the thoughts and feelings realm too. And it's a lot of fun. So it is that kind of running the triangle in the other direction. So you change behavior to change thought, you change thought to change feeling. Yeah. So you can you can change thought to change feeling. You can change behavior to change thought. You can operate on any any way of those with different techniques that have been just repackaged into different therapies.