If we just took a population, a middle-aged, healthy individuals, and we could design an experiment where you had the placebo arm, the metformin arm, the rapomycin arm, the SGLT2 inhibitor arm, and the GLP1 agonist arm, what is your prediction in length of life? Or additional years of life given in that six arm study or whatever it is? I think the last three would be comparable metformin arm skeptical of. So, Rappa SGLT2 GLP1? Yeah, I just, I don't, and we don't have data in healthy people that much with SGLT2 and GLP1. I mean, so mechanism of action is what? If the GLP1 group and the SGLT2 group are metabolically healthy, they don't have glucose excursions that are high, they're, you know, they're immune sensitive. What do you believe is the mechanism of action? I guess, you know, I guess I'm going by a different statement, which is most people were calling healthy or not totally metabolically healthy. And so, in those cases, I think there would be a benefit. But then I guess I know, I know, in the perfectly optimized person, whether there'd be a benefit. And I, every time I talk to a doctor, I ask them, are you losing more lean muscle mass with these drugs than you are just by fasting or lifestyle? And if I ask 10 doctors, I get 10 answers. I don't know what the answer to that question is. But I think the reason that at least as a thought experiment, it's an interesting question is, because if the GLP1 Agnes and SGLT2 inhibitors only work, if you have some degree of glucose irregularity, then it begs the question. Well, it says, look, glucose homeostasis is one of the most important features of living. Great. But if you could correct that with diet, sleep, and exercise, which you can, yeah, I agree. You can. It's hard. But it could be done. Yeah. Then those things aren't going after fundamental pillars of aging, because people who eat well, who exercise well and sleep well, still age. Yeah, it's going, it's answering, you know, Matt and I debate this all the time about and we did it, we published the study in mice recently, where we analyzed all the data that's out there in mice. And we tried to determine, you know, where's reality on interventions that extend lifespan in mice? Because if the short live, if the control mice are really short lived, which happens a lot, why is that? It's just really hard to control. I mean, if you look at the ITP data, the control mice are all over the board, and they're very well controlled, best scientists doing the experiment. We see a lot of variation too. I just think there are some cases they're bad by variants, and that make causes of problem. But even in good by variants, I don't know. It's true in every organism in yeast and worms. One cohort of worms will all live a little bit shorter, one cohort of worms will live a little bit longer. It's cohort dependent, but I don't know why. But anyway, if the mice are short lived, if your extension is there, all you can say is it's longevity normalizing. You don't know that it's slowly aging. It's only when the controls are really long lived and you're getting extension that you can really make the argument, it's longevity extending. And so that gets to your question. The real answer, though, is dependent on how many people you believe that are optimized right now, because it's very few of the study. Yeah, no, of course. It is a normalizing work in this population, trust me. At least for helping people healthy. But whether it's really slowing aging, is it open question? I think the best case would be rappa mice in there. Yeah. And then, of course, it begs the question, which could these effects be additive? Right. So would there be a benefit to a person who is on balance quite healthy? But let's say their average glute. Let's say their hemoglobin A1C if it is indeed an accurate representation of their average glucose is 5.4%. So I don't know exactly what that translates to. It probably translates to an average blood glucose of 110 or so milligrams per deciliter. But the data, the data that show based on hemoglobin A1C that lower is always better. So 5.0 is better than 5.4, even though 5.4 is deemed completely healthy. And that's all cause mortality data. So we're saying we take a person who's at 5.4. They're not even prediabetic. They can barely see where prediabetic starts. Let alone diabetic. But we give them an SGLT2 inhibitor. They come from at 5.4. Can I can volunteer for this? There you go. So you go from 5.4 down to 5.1 just on the basis of that drug. Yeah. We throw a GLP1 agonist on top of that value at 4.9. Yep. Then we give you rappa mice and which really doesn't impact your glucose. But we think it's going to do something a little bit different. You would say in that situation, you might believe that there's some actual general protection that's not adding that formula. I don't want to lose muscle mass though. And which of those drugs would you be most afraid of? The GLP1 agonist or Rappa? See, I hope he won't agonist. Okay. I think lean muscle mass is like super important. It's probably better to have high lean muscle mass and be a little bit more fat than it is to be low on both as my best guess. Combining interventions. First of all, I will say two things before I say what I'm going to say. One is that I believe we need to empower people to make decisions on their own health. And so I support hackers. If they want to educate themselves and try different things and they know what the benefits and risk might be and what we know and we don't know more power to them. I feel like part of the reasons we get such low compliance and medications is that we don't empower people. We don't give them choices. They don't know why they're doing things. We just tell them what to do and people don't respond well to that. So, having said that, I can't pick three interventions that work well together. I know in a mouse, and we do these studies all the time. They're more likely to cancel each other out than to have additive effects. And so if you're mixing 20 colors of, are taking 20 pills. It's like mixing 20 colors of paint together. You're going to get some ugly gray outcome. Or at best, you're going to get an unknown outcome that we can't predict. So, I'm really cautious and want to tell people that, there are a lot of people out there promoting doing a million different things at the same time. I try one or two things at the same time. And I try to see how my body responds. I measure things, measure even simple measures are useful. And I think that if you're doing 10 things, you don't have any idea what's working and what's not working and whether things might be impairing each other. I really think that's a scary path to go down. Now, what do you make of the data that I talk about all the time, which look at the hazard ratios for mortality based on high VO2 max and high muscle mass and high strength? And how those three things stand out so far above anything else. Meaning, like when you look at hazard ratios associated with smoking type 2 diabetes, even cancer, they are not as lethal as being incredibly weak, incredibly low in muscle mass and incredibly low in fitness. And how much causality do you think is there versus how much of that is just those are just such good markers of health? I'm Peter Atia. This podcast relies exclusively on premium subscribers for support, which allows us to provide all our content without taking a single penny from advertisers. I believe this keeps my content honest, making it a trusted resource for listeners like you. As a premium member, you'll get immediate access to our entire back catalog of AMA episodes and all future AMA episodes. You'll get longevity, focused premium articles, packed with actionable insights. You'll get unrivaled show notes for each and every episode of the drive, every topic, every study, every resource from each episode, carefully curated for you. You'll get quarterly podcast summaries where you'll learn my biggest personal takeaways from the previous 90 days of expert guest episodes and much more. This journey doesn't have to be navigated We can take these steps towards a better, longer life together. Become a premium member today at PeterAtiaMD.com forward slash subscribe to join me in a shared commitment to a healthier future.