I think one of the advantages of studying the effects of creatine on physical performance is we have really good objective measurements that you can demonstrate in a short period of time. You can do a 12 week study and in just 12 weeks you could objectively unambiguously determine if there was hypertrophy and if there was an increase in performance. Right. How do we do that on the cognitive side? What are the data that you've been looking at that have given you an increasing level of confidence? Okay. Well first let's talk about dose because that's important and I think that that was where initially when researchers were looking into like the effects of creatine on the brain, the five grams a day didn't seem to be doing anything in terms of like getting creatine into the brain instead of the question. So creatine is crossing the blood brain barrier that's established? It is. However, the muscles are greedy as hell. I believe greedy muscles. Yeah, the greedy muscles and so when you're taking in up to about five grams of creatine, they're consuming it. They're taking their share. Especially if you're training. If you're training it's like yeah exactly. But even if you're not training it's still going to muscle but yes especially if you're training. Does that mean that you're going to get mixed results if you look at the cognition literature because you're going to have some studies that were underdosed and if you have a study that was done at five and it shows no effect, you're going to come to the wrong conclusion potentially. Be in go. Just like with any supplement and or drug right dose does matters. So yes that is that is the case but also it's important to point out just like with muscle. You have to be stressing your muscle for creatine to work. You're basically putting in the work and you're able to put in more work. Right and that's why you can increase muscle mass and you can increase strength. With the brain it works in the background of stress and what I mean by stress is sleep deprivation. Psychological stress like you have an exam, marital I mean whatever psychological stress emotional stress, sleep deprivation is a big one, neurodegenerative disease or anything that's compromising brain function right. That's where creatine really shines in terms of cognitive function and we're going to measure. But I think that's important to point out and you might this is my argument. I feel like I'm constantly under stress. I think most people are constantly under stress. First of all anybody listening if you're not under stress I'd like to hear from you. I want to know what you're doing. Same. Same. But yeah so I mean like even just like diving into the scientific literature like what we do every day learning that is the stress right that's very the brain consumes a lot of energy as well right it's 20% of our total power intake goes to an organ that weighs less than 2% of your body weight. It is the most insane statistic of the human body. Totally which is why it makes sense that giving your brain extra creatine which can recycle that energy quicker would help particularly in the background of when you're using more of that energy right like if energy is being triaged to whatever stress in the hormones and whatever whatever is going on fill in the blank. And so the studies that typically are looking at the effects of creatine on cognitive function are looking at like processing speed. They're looking at a battery of tests that are you know typical of any you know fill in the blank supplement or treatment that is either going to improve cognitive function memory being another one right processing speeds a big one too. I would say that that creatine's been shown to improve but again really it's in the background of stress whether that's stress being aging so older adults so aging is kind of a stress right brain aging so older adults seem to benefit from taking exogenous creatine or supplemental creatine. Dom digocene is named written all over right. That's a really good point totally. We got to talk about him and do any of those. I'm so there was like a pilot study that came out and I don't these are researchers that I don't know necessarily and some of them are pretty junior but there there was one that came out with people with Alzheimer's disease and they were given 20 grams of creatine and it improved cognitive functions in these patients with Alzheimer's disease I think there was also a placebo control as well and then they took those same patients and then had them exercise and improved strength and improved you know lean body mass. See I'm just going to be skeptical that that I still think that the name of the game is prevention right like where I'm most interested and of course that's the hardest thing to study but you know when we think about the energy crisis that is happening in a brain with Alzheimer's disease and while there I think you and I would agree there are probably many paths towards AD right there are inflammatory paths there are lipid mediated and vascular paths and then there are there are sort of these more metabolic paths but when you take that individual who is most susceptible to the metabolic path towards dementia and 10 years earlier or 20 years earlier you're giving them a substrate that is augmenting ATP creation. Yeah I get it that's the hardest thing to study that's also the single most important question in my mind. Totally I mean prevention is the name of the game for sure 100% unfortunately there's a lot of people's parents out there that have it right now because they miss the boat on prevention right but and so and those people are you know obviously like their kids are willing to do anything to help them it's terrible right but I mean I think the reality here and the point I want to make is I think that creatine for the brain is the most interesting aspect of this area of research right now that at least for me I certainly think that there's really no downside to doing 10 grams a day now in some cases sleep deprivation like I just got back from China about five days ago I've been like doing 20 grams a day 15 to 20 and are you having any I was I remember as a kid I never had the GI side effects with even 30 a day but is is for some people is is 10 to 20 in one in one dose it would probably affect a lot of people's GI I do five gram doses and you'll just put the five grams into water and just put the five grams into water or like tea and then I just take it like that and you know I do it mostly before noon so I like to take it and then we're because for you know like I said I don't know if this is placebo but I don't get sleepy in the afternoon anymore if I miss if I if I only get five grams I get this like Venus and again it could be complete like bias and who cares if it's not like if the placebo's work or you take it exactly because it's because it's physiologic right I mean it's it's a biological mechanism that's working for me and if you listen to this episode and it works for you that's great because there's really no downside in fact I think we're going to get more and more evidence out there that it's going to be beneficial and 10 grams is going to be the new the new bass line yeah it's going to be the new bass line if we have a little bit more time I want to talk something about a topic that is near and dear to both of our hearts which is temperature