You're not going to come to my clinic and be seen by an anxiety specialist, no matter what their degree, credential years of service are, and not get some version of exposure therapy. In all exposure therapy is an intervention that helps someone approximate their fear facing it head on in a safe, ethical, compassionate way without putting them in any ethical, legal, or medical risk. Some people might think it puts them at risk, and some people might think they can't handle it. But exposure therapy, which goes back to the 60s, is the leading intervention for things like PTSD, phobias, social anxiety, OCD, and helping anxiety. But to get someone to get there means you have to get them across this process of readiness for change. This model of pre-contemplation to contemplation, to ready to take action. And for a wife is like, I do a good idea that you use cognitive behavioral therapy to bridge the gap until they're ready for exposure therapy. Sometimes, sometimes if someone's so pre-contemplation or so wedded in their rituals, and we see people who are literally scrubbing walls with lice on bleach, where the walls are down to the studs. That's more for things that contamination based OCD. People are doing behaviors that require almost hospital level care. Some of them are not ready for exposure based therapy. In that case, I'd probably recommend someone if they're not a medication, probably can be seriously considered medication. But exposure therapy is the first line treatment for almost everything to do with OCD and health anxiety. Once you get them ready for the exposure. You can say that once you get them ready, but I'm never walking into a client with those of your health things I'm not thinking, I'm not going to do exposure therapy. They're going to be getting it somewhere. So if I came to you and said, I'm an exposure therapist. Okay, so I don't know if this is a realistic enough example, so I'm going to, so if it's not just a Peter, that's not how these people present. So let's say I said, Josh, I travel a lot for work, but I got to tell you with all this news around air traffic controllers going, losing sight of airplanes, I don't know if I can fly anymore. This is now actually posed a real risk to my career. My career depends on me being able to get on a plane every week to go and meet my clients or whatever it is I do. This is a real world scenario, by the way, there are people that are having increases in aerophobia or fear of flying way more than we had in the last few years. Sure, because of stuff that's going on. This is real stuff. So yeah, so the environmental trigger is, yep, there has been a rash of airplane crashes coupled with objective data that say air traffic controllers are overworked and the system is failing. Yes. And something bad is going to happen. And unfortunately, my job necessitates that I'm on the road, you know, all the time. And I can't take buses. It's too far. I can't take trains. Basically, I'm going to lose my job if I'm not willing to get on a plane every Monday and come back every Thursday. And I can't seem, I just don't know how to do it. And I've got two, I got two weeks of PTO. I'm going to do a little bit of medical leave, but I'm running out of options. What is the exposure therapy for that specifically? So let's step back exposure therapy again is one of usually four techniques. One of them is called in vivo exposure. And that is Latin for in life. I mean, you're actually doing real things with real objects. If I had a fear of podcasting on public speaking, coming in here would be a great in vivo exposure. There's something called a marginal exposure. A marginal exposure is actually writing a narrative down or a story, which sometimes we do it with trauma. Sometimes we do it with a marginal situations that have never happened. So there's two different kinds of a marginal exposure. But you're essentially coming up with a story that you're going to write down and record and listen to. So this is just the first part of exposure therapy, as I'm describing. There's a second part that's even more important to me. The third kind of exposure is in torroceptive exposure. And that's commonly used for people who have health anxiety, physical symptoms or panic disorder. And in this case, we're actually inducing real, low grade physical symptoms like ibleriness, rapid breathing, sweating, tummy aches, armsourness. If I unice here and do a two minute plank, my arms are going to be wobbly. So I'm inducing things that people experience in the real world that I merely make them freak out. I think they're having a panic attack. But I think you're saying if somebody is worried about ibleriness, you're going to put eyedrops in their eye. I'm not going to put eyedrops in eyes. We're probably going to look at an iPad that has these sort of cool visuals that's going to make their eyes. There's all these optical illusions. What about the tummy aches? How do you induce that? You have someone spin in a chair? You have someone. You have someone sort of do some cardiovascular exercise in the office. Like sitting up and down, sitting up and down very quickly. You have someone spin on a baseball bat, creating nauseous, nauseous, nauseous, nauseousness and queeziness is not hard to induce. We're not having someone eat something or ingest something because that's going, I think, one step further than you need to. But you can create any sort of physical symptom from legsourness to a headache, kind of symptom to a tummy ache, to tight shoulders, to cotton mouth. People who have a fear of swallowing, who are like drying out fear, like something getting clogged in their throat, you can recreate almost any physical, not medical, physical symptom, safely. If you're now going to treadmill and work out, we're going to create 95% of the symptoms that people experience and they have a panic attack. If you go to a really high level of treadmill or an elliptical, I'm going to create all those symptoms. But I'm not going to bring exercise equipment to my office. So I am helping people bring real world physical symptoms to light and the my safe laboratory in a safe place. I'm going to get to the second part of the point of exposure and second, just so they can experience a thing that they're terrified to experience, but they already experienced it out there. Nothing we do in exposure therapy, have they not already experienced? The fourth kind is just called media augmented or virtual rad exposure therapy. And as people who are using either 3D goggles, virtual radicogals, videos, audio clips to use sort of AV audio visual tools, they're kind of mimicking the envivo and imaginal and interoceptive experience. And that can be something as elaborate as real world simulators, virtual radicogals, or even like watching a flight land on YouTube 20 times a row to see what happens when the flight comes down. All those things, we treat people who have audio and tactile things like misophonia, which is a high sensitivity to sounds or people who are afraid of hearing something. So anything that brings that tool into the place, using audio video. That's part one of exposure therapy, which is you and a patient have come up with an elaborate hierarchy ladder, a list of easy, medium and hard scenarios in their mind, that they think that they could some point do. Most people think they can never do the hard ones and they almost always do successfully. And you're coming up with this hierarchy based on what you asked about that first meeting, that first session, that second session. I'm collecting a lot of raw data to figure out what are the things in their life that are triggering them, that I can recreate to help them face their fears, head on, and come up with new learning. And so Peter, back in the 60s and 70s, we thought that habituation, we're just getting used to it, was the creme de la creme of exposure therapy. We found out that that wasn't really solving it. And then we started shifting more towards cognitive models. Not just habituation and being in a distressed moment, but actually now coming up with new meaning about it, which is called inhibitory learning, that was really started a seminal article in 1986 by Michael Cozac, and Edna Foa, and the foe is one of the pioneers of exposure therapy, both in PTSD and OCD, and has done amazing work out of UPN. Her, Marty Franklin, a bunch of people of the UPN, sort of, over the pioneers of exposure therapy. In 86, they pine your nardicle that taught us that habituation or just getting used to symptoms. It helps, but it's not really getting people moving further. And so when you start having these corrective experiences, when you start unlearning what you thought was going to happen, which anxiety is all about anticipating something and being colossally wrong, thank God. We need to get people to experience being wrong in a situation that mimics what they actually experience. So exposure therapy is shifted from just to behavioral, physiological model to a cognitive model. And that cognitive model is helping people process that information after the exposure. So you just did some weird stuff for 20 to 45 minutes, whether you're hopping and puffing, practicing giving a speech to a screen, putting yucky things in your hands if you have OCD, a germ OCD. If you're afraid of bugs and spiders, maybe going to a local pet shop and looking at spiders behind a glass tank, or putting spiders that are in like resin, fakes, spiders that are dead, like on your arms, all sorts of things that start, whatever it is that you can create that sense of fight-flight or freeze. That sense of fear, that sense of dread. So your amygdala starts producing the chemicals that you experience in your own life. And my private safe place, sometimes we've gotten the community, we've got a restaurant and shops, new odd weird things. And so we're doing that to have people experience that stuff, but also not engaging rituals and compulsions. So exposure therapy is a combination of doing things that bring on a sense of safe, predictable, but uncomfortable, emotional, physical feelings, while also not doing the mental and behavioral things that bring it back down. And if you can stay in that state for 30 to 45 minutes, and do that multiple times a week, Peter, you start learning real distressed tolerance, real resiliency skills. You start disproving that the thing that I thought I had to do either to avoid it altogether, or to undo this sense of dread or feeling, if I don't undo that, and I sit with it, maybe just maybe when it happens in the real world, I don't have to pop a pill, I don't have to run home, I don't have to wash my hands, I don't have to wear the mask. And so we're combining inducing a sense of arousal, psychological arousal, cognitive interpretations that are usually faulty, not doing things to bring it down and stay with that, doing a few different interactive things through 30 to 45 minute experiences, and then afterwards, processing those lessons learned. I'm Peter Atia. With this podcast relies exclusively on premium subscribers for support, which allows us to provide all our content without taking a single penny from advertisers. I believe this keeps my content honest, making it a trusted resource for listeners like you. As a premium member, you'll get immediate access to our entire back catalog of AMA episodes, and all future AMA episodes. You'll get longevity, focused premium articles packed with actionable insights, and get unrivaled show notes for each and every episode of the drive, every topic, every study, every resource from each episode, carefully curated for you. You'll get quarterly podcast summaries where you'll learn my biggest personal takeaways from the previous 90 days of expert guest episodes and much more. This journey doesn't have to be navigated alone. We can take these steps towards a better, longer life together. Become a premium member today at PeterAtiaMD.com forward slash subscribe to join me in a shared commitment to a healthier future.