unlike sperm which seem to be an infinite resource, manner constantly generating literally billions of these things. The exact opposite is the case with women. Tell us a bit about that. That's right. First, thanks for having me. Thanks for inviting me. It is true that when an embryo or fetus develops the gonad differentiates into either a testis or an ovary. And the main difference, as you said, is that sperm is produced throughout a man's lifetime, whereas women are born with a finite number of eggs. Actually, the most eggs you'll ever have is when you're in your mom's womb. As a fetus, then by the time you're born, there's about 2 million or so eggs. And by the time you start menstruating, you're down to maybe 400,000 or so. Wow. So fivefold reduction from birth to say, average age would be maybe 14 when a... Yeah, yeah, 12 to 14. And we don't know why exactly that happens, but most of the eggs in the ovaries actually undergo a process we call a treasha, they basically die. So once a woman goes through puberty or girl goes through puberty every month, if she's not on her monocontrosception, one of those eggs grows. Actually, probably a group of eggs every month starts to grow, but then one kind of takes over. And it's released from the ovary, and usually finds this way into the phlopion tubes. That's the tube connecting the ovary and the uterus. And then normally, if there's not sperm around, the egg just resorts and there's no pregnancy and the lining of the uterus sheds and a girl or woman has a period every month. If there's sperm around, there's a chance that that egg might fertilize, and that fertilization usually happens in the phlopion tube, actually. And then that now, as I go to embryo, travels down the tube into the uterus and some of the time implants into the wall of the uterus or the lining of the uterus and establishes a pregnancy. OK, so let's now talk about a woman in the prime of her reproductive age. She's 20 years old as an example. And let's talk through the cycle of what is happening and the role that hormones are playing. One of the things that to me has always been fascinating about this is the selection. So with males, we don't have to think about that problem. The selection tends to be maybe more metabolic or stochastic. In other words, which sperm is the sperm that makes it isn't really predetermined? How is it that, let's say, from day zero, when a woman begins her menstrual cycle, and all of a sudden everything starts to turn towards the next cycle. She's about 14 days out from ovulation. We start to see the interplay of luteinizing hormone and follicle stimulating hormone, particularly FSH. Walk me through what's happening in that period of time that ultimately leads to one and only one egg being the chosen one. Yeah, yeah. It's a little random in women as well, actually. But it's true that the pituitary hormones namely FSH or follicle stimulating hormone and l-h-luteinizing hormone are what drives growth of the, we call them follicles, the eggs are inside the follicles. And as I said, usually a cohort of eggs starts to grow and then... You tell me what grow means. The follicles start to get bigger and the cells surrounding the eggs start to divide. And what do they look like prior to all of that happening? These are cells that only have 50% of the genetic material. Right? They've already undergone myosis. Yes, it's, they're kind of arrested in myosis. Yeah. Myosis is not completed until they actually ovulate and then in some cases are fertilized. Yes. So we have an arrested cell that has one of each of the mother's chromosomes, including one x chromosome by definition, one of her two sex hormones. And it's kind of this question makes sense. But it's, is it still in its young phenotype? In other words, if the, if the woman is 20 years old and all of the cells in her body are functionally 20 years old is this egg prior to ovulation still basically an infant cell? As far as we know, although there's some data recently to suggest that perhaps the cells surrounding the egg are met about a glee active, the maybe aging. Certainly we do know that the quality of the eggs decreases right as women get older. So that affects how the eggs and the chromosomes ultimately divide. Let's part of the reasons harder to get pregnant as you get older. Even though you're ovulating, you may be releasing an egg every month, but that it could be abnormal. And if it's abnormal, it likely won't fertilize. And you kind of don't want it to fertilize if it's abnormal and establish your pregnancy. But you're right. They're pretty much arrested in time. During, certainly, you know, before puberty and then every month a few start to develop. And then one, we don't really know how that one egg is selected. It's definitely hormonal factors play a role, but it's somewhat random, one kind of grows, and then eventually is released. And because as we know that as a woman ages, the probability of successful division goes down. Right. So something changes as a woman ages, but we don't understand exactly. But whatever it is that's going on, makes those chromosome errors much more likely. Back to this process. So it's day zero. So a woman just begins her period. We're just getting ready to embark on her next fertility cycle. The pituitary gland is secreating, loot-nizing hormone and follicle stimulating hormone. Walk me through what is happening in the next 14 days that leads to that ovulation. Right. So a group of eggs or follicles are starting to grow. One gets selected. We don't understand. We don't understand why. It's random. Wow. And that follicle that's in a follicle. Follicle is kind of a fluid build, it's just like structure that surrounds each egg. So that continues to grow. And then eventually what's happening hormonally. So those cells surrounding the eggs are producing estrogen. That estrogen is preparing acting on the uterine lining to build up the lining to potentially support a pregnancy. And then what happens just before our ovulation is there's a surge in a hormone called LH, loot-nizing hormone. And that's what we think triggers ovulation or release of an egg. So the all-it has to happen before an egg is released. So it kind of busts out of the ovary, finds its way to the tube. OK. How long, approximately, just give people a sense of how long of the loopy and tube is? Probably a few centimeters, like by pretend. OK. And everyone's probably used to seeing the image of ovaries being these little eggs and philopiantubes having these little fingers that hug up on the eggs. What is actually in between that space? How does the egg get from an ovary into a philopiantube? Is there an actual connection there? There is, actually. Yeah. They're not stuck together, but they're kind of in close proximity. So that those femuria or finger-like projections kind of sweep up the egg once it's released from the ovary. And it's otherwise in direct contact with the periteneum. The ovary and the tube. The space between the space between them. Yeah. Yeah. The picture's always show like the tubes out here, yes, out here, but they're actually everything's closer together in the pelvis. And you mentioned, OK. So egg is now in philopiantub. How long does it take to get through the length of the philopiantub into the uterus? About five or six days. OK. So completely different experience from the sperm, which are racing at rakeneck speed. They uncover that distance in seconds. So what regulates the speed with which the egg travels through the philopiantube and how does that impact fertility? Is there a scenario whereby it happens too quickly and things don't work? I don't know about too quickly, but there are hair-like projections in the tubes, silly, that kind of help with motility of the egg down the philopiantub into the uterus. The abnormalities on the female side have to do more with potential abnormalities, have to do with lexcarring in the tubes or if the tubes are blocked, then it interferes with the egg like encountering the sperm. And what leads to that? A number of different things, infection probably most commonly, but also scarring from previous surgery potentially or condition called endometriosis. So there are a number of things that can affect the tubes as well. And so is the day for it, assuming a woman's cycle is predictable and normal and we would just say day 14 is ovulation? That is the day that the egg leaves the ovary or that is the day that the egg reaches a certain place within the philopiantub. Pretty much the day that the egg is released from the ovary. Yeah. OK. Yeah. And usually encounter sperm in the philopiantub. And that's where fertilization usually happens. And then it takes a few more days for the embryo now or preembrow to travel down the rest of the tube into the uterus and hopefully implant if it's normal. Now, one of the most interesting things here that is worth repeating, even though we talked about it last week in case anybody missed it. How many sperm is the egg encountering at the time of fertilization? Really? Yeah, millions. So why is it? And I know the answer with this question, but it is so cool. Why is it that one and only one sperm out of millions or even less than that? But let's just say it's hundreds of thousands. Why does only one get to transmit its genetic material into that egg? Well, once an egg is fertilized, there's sort of a chemical reaction if you will that happens to prevent any other sperm from fertilizing eggs. Because that would be bad for you. We want one sperm and one egg to combine. Yeah, it's like an electrical force field that immediately activates around the egg. Exactly. I find this so fast that it is fascinating. Yeah, it is fascinating. Yeah. Okay. So now we have, and by the way, what is the relative size of an egg to a sperm? The egg is actually much bigger than the sperm. I don't know exactly in my grounds how big it is, but I feel like I used to know this answer and it's shocking how disparate they are in size. Like the egg is, I believe the biggest cell on the body potentially. Yeah, I've checked on that, but I believe that's true. All right. So yeah, you have this massive egg that's basically like the sun and like this tiny little sperm which is like the earth and colliding with it. Okay. Fertilization takes place and how long from fertilization, how long from impact until you have that single cell, Zygoth that actually has a lined up pair of chromosomes. Is that a matter of hours? Yeah, within a few hours. See, okay. And then what is the process that occurs for cell division for when that Zygoth goes from one to two to four to eight cells? And so A, how long does that take? And B at what point does it implant into the uterus? Yeah. So most of what we know actually about this is from a vitro fertilization or IVF because we can actually see that happening in the petri dish. So usually the with IVF, an egg is fertilized with sperm by the next day. We can see if it's fertilized. And we know if it's fertilized because it has what we call two pronuclear. So DNA from the sperm and DNA from the egg. And then over the course of the next couple of days, it divides into maybe six to eight cells. So about three days after fertilization, it's six to eight cells and then by five to six days, it's about 60 to 80 cells. And that's kind of the stage where it implants in the uterus. So five, six days after fertilization. I'm Peter Atia. This podcast relies exclusively on premium subscribers for support, which allows us to provide all our content without taking a single penny from advertisers. I believe this keeps my content honest, making it a trusted resource for listeners like you. In the premium member, you'll get immediate access to our entire back catalog of AMA episodes and all future AMA episodes. You'll get longevity, focused premium articles packed with actionable insights. You'll get unrivaled show notes for each and every episode of the drive, every topic, every study, every resource from each episode carefully curated for you. You'll get quarterly podcast summaries where you'll learn my biggest personal takeaways from the previous 90 days of expert guest episodes and much more. This journey doesn't have to be navigated alone. We can take these steps towards a better, longer life together. Become a premium member today at PeterAtiaMD.com forward slash subscribe to join me in a shared commitment to a healthier future.