How can somebody find out if their radiation oncologist is kind of practicing in your philosophy? You know, it's difficult in terms of actual metrics. Very much like even for the surgeons, like Ted has excellent outcomes, but it's not like it's a published series. You just have to tell me that. The best surgeons often are treating the hardest cases. So it's a handicap right there. It's a handicap right there. 100%. It really comes down to finding someone who's got the experience. In my case, because we do so much prostate, I think I've done something close to in the modern era, 7,000 cases, probably 10,000, even include the pre-image guided radiation days. Someone who specializes in the area that the cancer is located. And so someone like me, I may be extremely experienced in breast and prostate, but maybe for a pediatric malignist here, not going to come to me, you're going to go somewhere or a CNS, or something that's unusual. You have to find the right tool for the job. But you have to just interview your doctor. I think there's anything specific to radiation that's really asking about toxic patients. I think being very open with him is saying, yeah, exactly. And so ideally, maybe you come to someone who knows something. I got a lot of patients who aren't familiar with the field, but they'll have a family member that's a nurse, or a dentist, or a veterinarian, or whatever. It's someone that has some medical background. They can say, OK, let me ask the more specific questions. And these days, with the internet, you can do all kinds of research in terms of, like when I'm talking about matching my volume of the dose distribution to exactly conform to the tumor volume, that's something that's very easy to talk about. But I mean, for an educated patient, they can ask to see the actual computer simulation. So if one of my engineering patients is probably having an easier time than they do. My love for my engineering patients are really the only ones who do this. And I'll be, I usually pull out all the graphs. I show them dose volume, histograms with area under the curve, for each organ, and you can see, OK, the prostate dose, I air into the curve is huge. The dose of the blood and the rectum is super low. You can actually quantify that. But for a lay patient, it's hard. It's not that easy to do that. You really got to go with anything a lot of, but you have to go with your gut, too, in terms of this guy's had a lot of experience. And the initial consultation is where it all comes down. I'll spend an hour with a patient and go through every little nuance of what couldn't happen. And my main, I think my main MO is to sort of over-prepare them and have them be pleasantly surprised. Maybe when the side of effects aren't as bad, rather than the other way around. And it's hard to find the right person. Well, there's a lot of good doctors out there, so.