Hey, so a little while ago we did an AMA and asked me anything on microplastics. And you know, it was, it was a long kind of complex discussion. And at the end, I kind of tried to create a framework to help people make sense of this information. The framework was basically picturing a graph because of course, me being who I am, everything comes down to a graph. And so there on the x-axis you have cost, meaning the actual dollars you would have to spend to mitigate the exposure to microplastics. And within that I also included sort of thing, there are microplastics, but PM and 2.5. So particles that are sub 2.5 microns that we can ingest through our lungs that are potentially harmful in addition to BPAs and phallides and things like that. So the x-axis would be how much money do you have to spend and then the y-axis would be how much mitigation do you actually get? And then you could also think of another way to do this, which is how much effort do I need to do expand and how much mitigation do I get? And you know, just to kind of give you the answer, if you didn't see the AMA, the bottom line is you're never going to get complete mitigation, even with all the effort in the world and all the dollars spent in the world. So for most of us then we have to make a decision about how much energy and how much money am I going to put in to get how much mitigation. And so I just wanted to share with you where I've landed to be clear, this is not necessarily where you should land. I've made a decision, but I wanted to sort of explain it. Okay. So first off, I decided that there are some pretty low hanging fruit things I wanted to do. And by the way, a couple of people, when I voiced questions on the podcast about, hey, I really wish I could find a metal water bottle for my bike or a coffee maker that didn't have hot water ever touching, flashing people were quick to send recommendations. So I really appreciate that. Okay. So let's start with the coffee makers. This was a huge source of exposure to me and it was one of the first things I wanted to mitigate. Now, when I make a French press, it's not a problem because I use this thing. I'd been using this forever. So this is just a pure stainless steel French press. It's steel through and through. There's nothing about this that is going to expose hot water to plastic. However, most of the time, if I'm being honest, if I'm being lazy, I'm just using a drip coffee maker. And the problem is, most drip coffee makers, if not, I'm virtually hollow of them that I was able to get my hands on, they all had some plastic, whether it's plastic in the lid of the coffee pot or plastic where the water is coming through a filter, turns out here is one that does not. So I really, really like this. Now, I'm not going to lie. It ain't cheap. And we're going to link to where you can find all the products that I ultimately ended up going with. But it's wonderful. It filters into a glass, craft, and everything where hot water is touching coming out of this is metal. So I like it. And honestly, despite the cost of it, which is a little bit of noxious, when you consider advertising it over the course of a year or two, it really becomes de minimus. The next thing that people pointed out to me in my request was plastic water bottles, because I'm on my bike all the time. So I'm riding my bike at least four times a week. And I typically use what most cyclists use, which are these sorts of water models, right? So a water bottle that everybody's used to, where you fill it with water. And the truth in the matter is, it's not like we're putting scalding hot water in these things, but let's be honest. If you're out there, especially, you know, in a warm day, that water is getting warmer. And then the question is, like, hey, how much exposure am I getting? And is there a way to mitigate it? And it turns out, there is. So there are at least these two brands of stainless water bottles. And yeah, they're kind of expensive, right? So I don't even remember the price, but again, we'll link to these so you can see the ones that I've tried. I like them both, by the way, I just want to try both in the mouth. And I found them both to be great. Okay. I found about another area where I had exposure that was easy to minimize. And that was in the sauna where I'd always been using a glass bottle for the obvious reasons. That one struck me as a no-brainer even years ago. I used to always take the lid in the sauna with me. So these are the glass bottles that I've always used in the sauna. And they have these little plastic lids under them, and I would just bring the whole thing in the sauna. And it occurred to me after doing this AMA, put whenever I take a drink in the sauna, this little tip does tend to get pretty hot. And if this thing's getting hot, then the plastic that's sitting on it is also getting hot. So the one simple and silly change I made was I no longer bring the lid in the sauna. So when I put these things in the fridge, I just sort of do away with the lid and this thing sort of sits there. So not a monumental change, but an obvious one. Okay, so all of those things are relatively low cost and they're one time costs and again, they do serve quite a bit of mitigation. I shouldn't point out we had already got rid of plastic food containers and things of that nature. So I don't have them here to show you, but if you are using plastic food containers, again, relatively minor cost upgrade to glass, especially if you're going to be putting hot food in and or warming food up in it. Okay, so then bin one in the last one to talk about here. Is air filtration. I think it's important to understand that there's there are different standards of air filtration. And once you rise to the level of what's called heppa filtration, you're referring to such a fine filter that it's I believe heppa cutoff is Merve 18. So you can talk to your HVAC people and say, what is my level of filtration? Most homes are probably about a Merve 13, the higher the Merve number, the greater the amount of filtration. So that was really the last big thing I wanted to do because I work at home so much, meaning I was spending so much time at home. It seemed like a reasonable investment to make. Well what I learned was probably what many of you are going to learn, which is that my residential HVAC units are not powerful enough to push air through a Merve 18 or Merve 19 filter. So what we are going to have to do to make that work is not replace our HVAC, but add units to each of the air conditioning units that basically boosts its power so that we can indeed move to Merve 18 and 19. And again, I've decided to make that decision to make that choice. It's the single biggest expense I'll probably incur on doing all of this. And because obviously the filter changes themselves are not a particularly big deal, but nevertheless that is going to be kind of the last step I take. One other point I will make, I should have mentioned this earlier, but I'm taking it for granted because it's a change I made a long time ago. Was I did move to reverse osmosis filters for water? So we don't have reverse osmosis flowing through the whole house. We just have a handful of these spigots throughout the house where all the drinking water comes from here. So when I'm filling up water bottles downstairs, I have one of these. When I'm filling up the coffee, it comes out of here. And again, the reverse osmosis does it. So if I were to tell you in order of cost, the most expensive is definitely doing the epiphiltration throughout the house. But again, it's a big fixed cost with small variable costs as you replace filters. The second big cost is putting in these. And believe these are about 2500 or 3000 of pop. So big fixed costs, very trivial cost after that. I think the next biggest cost was upgrading to this bad boy over here. And then probably doing the glass containers for food. And then all the other stuff, you know, relatively minor one time cost. So we might hope that helps. That's basically how far I decided to go on the cost and effort curve to reach what I believe is the right amount of mitigation. Again, I want to be clear and I point this out in the AMA, but for those of you that haven't seen it, I don't think the evidence is overwhelming that microplastics are the cause of all the hills in the world. But I just think that the precautionary principle says there's enough smoke to believe that there might be fire. And as such, we should probably take reasonable precautions to minimize our exposure in an effort to improve our health.