There are a couple other toe injuries that are pretty common. Yes. Let's talk about those. Okay. So, you want to start with Halis's restrict this? Yes. We will see this a lot. And I think a lot of it has to do with poor footwear selections, right? We talked about the chronic ankle sprains and the inability to allow the first metatarsal to drop. But a functional halix limit is we need about 40 to 45 degrees of range emotion at the big toe in order to have an efficient walking gate. Yeah. This is my only superpower. I'm probably like 90 degrees at my halix. And you know, excess range of motion is great as long as you can control it. It means to be seen. So if I wanted to sprint though, I would need 65 degrees. Right. Because you're more on your toes. Yeah. And this is where I've seen a lot of former NFL players who get horrible turf toe. That have what literally looks like 10 degrees. If you can catch these patients before they've had. So there's stages, right? So what will start to happen is you'll get an inflammation on the top of the big toe. Yeah. Okay. And the primary pathology, just the repeated timing of that toe. Right. The instability at the first ray. And then they can't drop the first metatarsal. They start to irritate the top of the joint. It'll be red. It'll be swollen. And these patients suffer. I'm on a Facebook group for halix or agitus. It's a support group. And the reason I'm on it is because I find it like, they're, it's a constant battle for these people for footwear. Because they just need, they're like, I need a shoe that's going to eliminate me using my big toe because it hurts when they try to extend it. Have these patients all experienced trauma? No. If they've had like something fall on their toe, if they've had turf toe, then yes. But a lot of them, this is weakness. This is poor footwear. That's why I think a lot of these diagnoses at the foot can be prevented. This is proactive healthcare. You know, I mean, you want to talk about your eggs in your book. I love that story. Okay. But there's no better way to stop the eggs from being thrown than by taking care of our feet from the ground up. But I digress. So your, is your treatment? Let's assume that the trauma was in the past. They're not, it's not an acute issue. Is the treatment the same where, you know, you have to get mobility backed by strength thing? Yeah, I mean, when I, I always say, earlier intervention is better. Even if there's been trauma, you do not want to immobilize something. We know that. When you immobilize, it starts this cascade where, you know, you start to change the neurological input to the tissue. Mm-hmm. And it just really will create an environment where movement will be altered. So even in those initial stages, we're doing like big toe ranges of motion. I mean, it seems so, I always saw my patients. If I don't get excited about you exercising your big toe, but you have to be. Now, sometimes remember when I had my little toe injury three months ago, which still hurts like not as bad, but it's amazingly sore still. That first weekend when I was, you know, the thing was black and blue, you still had me doing isometrics. I'm still doing them by the way. And they do anytime I'm in pain, five minutes of isometrics actually makes me feel better. Why is that? I'm, I call it isometrics my pain meds for my patients. Yeah, so tell people what I'm doing. Yeah, tell people the exercise you had me do. So I was told. With the big toe, what we'll have if there's an irritation in the joint, per se. And just so people know the injury, I had an injury where I got hit on the front of the toe. So it just jammed the toe back. And I sent you a photo next day. And I've never seen, I mean, you've probably seen this for me, the entire side of the foot was just black and blue. I didn't get anything x-rayed because I didn't think anything was broken. I was going to write it out. And within a few days, I knew nothing was actually broken because I could touch the bone. The pain all seemed to be ligament pain. Yeah. It was, and to this day, it's still very tender to touch the side. And I think when, if someone looks at their foot and they see that they're like, oh, my gosh, I better just do nothing. Do nothing. But yes, right away, what we had you do was put the toe in a position of a little bit of extension or something that was comfortable. And then you're basically just contracting on both sides of the joint. So you're pressing down and then you're trying to lift up. But you're getting some type of movement. Isometrics. The reason I call them my pain meds is I will tell my patients whenever you feel pain. Isometrics are safe for you to do because what they do is they decrease cortical inhibition. So when we have an injury, think of it, we'll go into a race car. We have a cortical accelerator, right? So information coming from our brain and we also have brakes. We want to the accelerator and the brakes to be in balance of one another. When we have an injury, our brains are foots on the brake. So if I'm trying to change my movement or improve my movement pattern, I get a let off the brake. And that's what isometrics do. They decrease that cortical inhibition and to be able to do that right out of the gates is extremely important. Yeah, before the damage sets in and you create a long term pattern of rigidity. Yes. So when you can find these patients that still have, you know, when you're doing a calf race for example, someone who has pain at their big toe, the big I cannot do that. It hurts too much. It's pinching. But I'll have, I'll put a band around their ankle for example and I'll pull it to the outside. Remember, that's where Pernie's longest lives on the outside of the leg. So I'll challenge it a little bit so that they really have to press through their big toe to keep their big toe on the ground. When they do that, they're like, wow, that pinching is better. Because I dropped the head of the first. Yeah, there is something so magical about using bands for lateral and medial tension to produce the necessary engagement of the foot stabilizing muscles when you go and do other things. Yeah, I mean, it's the kinesthetic queuing. I think is so important. So important, especially in those plans. That's why the foot's, I mean, it's this multi-directional like beautiful thing that we can train so many ways. So what else are you doing for the rigidest patient? So you're obviously isometric's a big part of it. How do you get the range of motion? How do you slowly introduce that range of motion back? If they are in a functional, how exliminus, which means that they can still utilize their big toe based on if I increase strength of Pernie's longest for example. If we work on range of motion at the big toe, all of those things are key. If you don't do it then, it will progress into how ex-rigidists and I don't consider those the same diagnosis. How ex-rigidists, there's been so much arthritic change to the joint that now you may be have five degrees. So the toes basically fuse almost. So rigidest you're associating with the bony arthritic changes, whereas limitless is hey, your bones, you still can anatomically move, you are limited because of the musculature. And you'll see some type on it. I mean, on a film, you may start to see an ex-ostosis or like liping, right? Because there is, you know, wolfslaw. They'll start to have changes within the bone. But it's still a functional joint. And that's when I get excited because I'm like, let's do this. Let's fix this thing because if not, if that progresses too halix-rigidist, it's game over. Now our treatment has completely changed. Meaning that I have to look at putting them in a certain type of shoe that's going to rocker them through their toe because they now have lost four foot rocker. They cannot rocker through their toe. What percentage of people with how slim it is will progress to that phase of disease? Unfortunately, quite a bit. Because this message isn't quite out there, as much as it needs to be. Because those two diagnoses are often married. People start to see our theoretic change at the toe. They're like, wow, this is how ex-rigidist. I'm like, no, it isn't actually. You still, if I drop your metatarsal down, I can still give you 40, 45 degrees. Hold on a second. Let's train this thing. But without knowing that, and you start to have pain at your big toe, the initial intervention is a carbon plate under the toe. So they sell these little inserts where you can put in your shoe so that your big toe isn't bending at all. Some type of orthotic or very stiff shoe. These patients would be like, oh, this feels great. And I'm like, yes, because you're not moving it anymore. But if you stay on my path too long, you'll lose the ability forever. Correct. And you want to talk about what happens up the chain. And I see patients walk with Alex's rigidest for example. They can't roll through their foot. So they can't push off at 45 degrees out of their big toe. So now what they have to adopt is this is what their foot looks like. So they have more knee flexion for example. And then their hip has to be. Yeah, that's hip flexion. Right? And it's like, what are you doing? But you know, I always want to instill hope because there's always hope. You have to do that. And even if patients have a fusion in their big toe, even if they have Alex's rigidest, you've lost range at one joint. But you haven't lost range at your ankle. And you haven't lost range at your knee or your hip. Those range of motion, those ranges of motion will be compromised. But let's just train them. Let's rocker you through the big toe. Let's give you drills to give you knee extension to give you hip extension because we know you're not going to have access to it any longer. So let's just give you things to work on. And that's where I think I want the two worlds to marry. Right? Oftentimes, there is a time in a place for the surgical interventions. But once that's done, there's so much more that can be done so that we don't start seeing sequela of that up the kinetic chain. I'm Peter Atia. This podcast relies exclusively on premium subscribers for support, which allows us to provide all our content without taking a single penny from advertisers. I believe this keeps my content honest, making it a trusted resource for listeners like you. As a premium member, you'll get immediate access to our entire back catalog of AMA episodes and all future AMA episodes. We'll get longevity, focused premium articles packed with actionable insights. You'll get unrivaled show notes for each and every episode of the drive, every topic, every study, every resource from each episode, carefully curated for you. You'll get quarterly podcast summaries where you'll learn my biggest personal takeaways from the previous 90 days of expert guest episodes and much more. This journey doesn't have to be navigated alone. We can take these steps towards a better, longer life together. Become a premium member today at PeterAtiaMD.com forward slash subscribe to join me in a shared commitment to a healthier future.