Talk to me about formulations. The genius part of it is actually not the carbohydrates itself. It's the, it's the, it's the, it's the, it's the genius. Yes, exactly. That's, that's, that's the difference. So if you were consuming 60 grams per hour spare spare the money and buy orange juice or even pull honey inside and drink it. That, that, that, that, that, that, that where it really comes up, where it differs itself is when you are really starting to push the limit of the concentration. But you can even take, you can even train yourself today. This is something we know. You can even take honey today. And you can mix it in, you can train yourself to go to higher values than what have previously been published like pure normal products. But if you want to get to 160, this is when you need to, you need the technology. Yes, exactly. And, and note, no fat and no protein. Any amino acids throughout that whole race? No, we, we, we, this is something that was also done research on, but we ended up in the end pure glucose and fructose. And it actually has to do with actually how oxygen is being prioritised in the body. Because we have to limit, we have to consider two things here. It's easy to think that while you're only raising at 80% of your view to max or 70 or 90, whatever percentage it is of your view to max. But that's a little bit of a short circuit. Because what we have to think of is that this oxygen, like more oxygen, is going to contribute to more heat as well. So it's not like you have enough, you can just go, whatever, I'm rising at a solo percentage of your view to max. So I can go whatever and do and in the beginning. Because it all will, it will accumulate towards the end of your race. That means already from the beginning, it's critical how you pace and your efficiency as well. Because every inefficiency you have, here is biochemical or anything like this, it will basically end up towards the end of the race. So this means also that at the moment you start, let's say, putting any other substrates into or nutrients into your mixture that the body have to protect as somehow in the system. That means also that there are going to be less oxygen available for pure propulsion. And in the inefficiency, pure propulsion that really sets the winner apart from the rest of the people there. So you basically want to peel away every absolutely everything that doesn't contribute to forward propulsion, use every milliliter, every mole of oxygen purely for the purpose and nothing else. Because oxygen is one of the limitations. So that's, we come to talk about different kinds of substrates and these kind of things. Which is still also a place where we don't know. We are actually doing quite some interesting research on different kinds of substrates from glucose, fructose. Have you looked at the HP? Yeah, hydroxibular? Yes, so we looked at the BHP as well. And one of the things, because the thing here is that if you pure look at the stoichiometry, there are interesting things here. But the problem is that we cannot only do stoichiometry. We actually need to know the enthalpy and we also need to know the Gibbs free energy that is available and not even the entropy. But not, okay. So the Gibbs free energy if you're making the BHB yourself, much more complicated. But if you take it purely exogenously, and consider it an additional substrate above and beyond glucose, do we have reason to believe that we're going to get more ATP per mole of oxygen? No, because the practical limitation of this is that if we think when you do racing, you could have a, let's say if you think of this more first or the principle again. So if you do racing, and this was actually one of my first questions, because we have been working together with one of the leading brands on, or maybe arguably the leading one. And they are situated here in the US. But one of the limitations that you have to look at is basically when you're racing, this has a certain fuel demand. So there's a certain amount of fuel that needs to go through the system there. Yeah. And that means that in the context, when we talk about glucose and fructose, we are looking at basic trying to replace as much as possible, we said, okay, glucose, fructose, or basic carbide, it seems to be a very, very oxygen efficient fuel source when we, when when you do more men. But that means also that in order not to run out of this, we're trying to replace as much as possible, or this, to be able to race faster. Because if you said, this is the, so this is the fuel source I have available in my body, I'm going to race this fast, obviously I cannot go faster than this. So a certain power number, certain duration will the police, this energy is source, or basic bring me close to the police, not that source. Okay. So that means, okay, instead of then switching to other source, or you're basically always using other sources as well. But trying to get more from that source means basically you have to replace more of the power. So more the power now, we have to create an environment where more power can come from the same source. So that means that, for example, if you are at the round, let's say you were originally around at 80 grams, 190 grams, let's say 80 grams for simplicity, say 80 grams of carbohydrates, and you have about chemical efficiency of 20 per cent, for example, that means basically you're getting out, or if you say 4.2, let's say you can get basic as a one gram, basically would be the equivalent of, let's say 1 joule per signal, 1 watt, more or less like this. So you can get from that one. So if you double is from 80 to 160 now, that means basically, you're going to get double the amount of what's coming from, from carbohydrates here. The problem with with ketons is that you, the strategy is not to basically fuel the amount you are using in a race. You don't fuel with ketons in the same way. Like if you go to 70, 80, or even 100 milliliters of of of of of of of ketons consumption in an hour, you're going to have so high levels of ketons in your body that you will start to feel almost like you are getting diabetic, like you feel like you're, you're, you're, like in this state, let's say if you're in a banking almost. So the thing that is there is more like it's inducing a state in a body rather than you actually fuel using it, because you in order to fuel. So let's say your idea was that you're going to replace what you're losing from your body, because that's driving your body also out of homeostasis as well. So you're going to try to keep homeostasis as much as possible or try to keep the state of the body as unchanged as possible. That would mean that you would need to ingest like so large amount of ketons during a race that it would be crazy!