So I had a discussion yesterday with a patient about her questions were on starting a GLP one agonist and I thought the discussion was actually kind of applicable in ways that went beyond her. So I thought I would kind of share this. So the woman is in her early to mid 40s. Very healthy, very active, and you know, by her estimation probably 15 pounds overweight and has been working really, really hard through both exercise and nutrition, stopped drinking alcohol, really is eating quite little and is really struggling to lose this last 15 pounds. And now I long ago gave up on the idea of trying to solve weight management as a strategy. I've met people who can manipulate their weight quite easily, and I've met people who work just as hard and cannot manipulate their weight at all. And I know that when you're in the camp of people who can do it easily, you always look at those who can't, and you think it's some failure of willpower, and I have pretty strong feelings about that just simply not being the case. So we must accept that there are people with very different body types, and for some people manipulating weight is, you know, as easy as changing your hair length and color, and for others it's as difficult as changing your height. So she sort of asked me a few questions, and I think the take home of this was that look, I don't think it's worth going on one of these drugs if you're not willing to stay on them and the most people are going to regain weight once they stop taking the drug. That's not true across the board, and it might be the case that over time we're going to learn better and better ways for weight maintenance, following the removal of the drug. And I think the best case for that might be an individual who's otherwise not exercising. Another wise doesn't have great eating habits at the outset, but who uses the weight loss as a way to spur those new behaviors. That's an individual who might be able to come off the drug and then maintain a healthier diet and exercise program. But in the case of this one, I was very blunt with her and I said, look, I think given how hard you are working right now, whatever forces, whatever gravity is pulling you in the direction of this excess weight, it's probably going to come back if you stop. So the goal should be to find the minimum effective dose, and then accept the fact that you're probably going to stay there. She had some concerns about safety, and I shared with her the best of our knowledge, which of course I discussed on a recent AMA, which is look for all of the wrong tense and purposes these drugs not only look safe. It's possible that they may end up being even zero-protective. Now that's a very bold statement, and not a reason that I think anyone should take one of these drugs yet. But nevertheless, the skepticism that I had around the safety of these drugs in 2020 and 2021, has based on the number of patients who have taken them for the duration that they have, become more muted. Cost of course is a huge issue, and I think that that's something that everybody has to contend with, and therefore, you know, the hope is that over time, the economics of these drugs on an out-of-pocket basis becomes more manageable. And of course, in the case of this woman, someone who just needs to lose 15 pounds without type 2 diabetes is not going to qualify for any sort of payment. There are of course programs out there that can maybe lessen the burden. But honestly, the biggest issue that she struggled with was, and I found this very both sad but interesting, was she said she felt like a failure. She said, I feel like I'm a failure if I take this drug, because why have I not been able to do this on my own? And so I guess to bring this somewhat rambling discussion to an end, I don't think that's a fair assessment. I shared that with her, and I think that I think that one should not discount the role that genetics play in body habitus. It is one of the most conserved traits, genetically, and as such, an individual who is genetically predisposed to be a certain shape. I think should take comfort in the fact that there is today a class of drugs that can, again, fight the gravitational pull of that. So anyway, for anyone listening, who's thinking about this in the same way, hopefully this framework and ideas a little bit helpful.