I would say 15 to 20% of our patients are on triseptotide. And unlike five years ago, when we started using some agglutide in patients, and we're just watching muscle fall off these people. And frankly, my point of view five years ago was, I don't know about these drugs. I think there's some benefit in some people, but I think there's a lot of downside. I today think that virtually anybody can use these drugs safely, but, and by safely, I don't just mean in the obvious sense of the word. I mean, safely for long-term muscle health as well, right? But it requires a ton of deliberate attention. So I'm glad you brought it up. That's this is exactly the group of people who you want to be using easy to digest protein sources. And if you're on triseptotide, you don't really want to stake. You don't really want to have a big chicken breast. You might not want to even have an omelet. But if we have to make sure you're hitting that 1.6, you might be doing a bunch of liquid shakes. And yeah, we can sit here and poop who processed food and say, how disgusting is it that people have to resort to eating shakes. OK, fine. But if the alternative is they're not getting enough protein and they're on a drug that is making them anorexic, I mean, we know we also know the downside of that. Well, the answer is clear, right? You don't want to be losing muscle mass, for sure. My point is, we do dexib before and after. We're not seeing the type of muscle loss we saw with our V1 approach to this. Right. What kind of dose are they on a higher dose? No, I mean, I think for, for triseptotide starts at 2.5. Some people are getting enough benefit there. The other thing that I think our approach has been is that slow and steady wins the race. So we've seen anecdotally some data. I've seen, I've heard from others. And we've seen it as well, that yo-yoing on and off these drugs is probably a bad idea. So I always tell a patient, look, I'd probably rather you were on 2.5 milligrams until there was a new drug that we felt was even better. Then you're on 10 milligrams. You lose a ton of weight. You come off. You gain. You go back on. You lose. Like this idea of being on a saw is probably a bad idea. I think the data suggest you're getting most of the value by about 10 milligrams. So once you go to 12.5 and 15, which are the two highest doses, you're still getting a benefit. But it's like most drugs. You're getting most of the benefit at the lowest dose. So five to 7.5 milligrams of trisepatitis, probably where you're getting the majority of the dose. And again, I'd much rather a patient be slow and steady on it and as opposed to try to go for maximum and rapid weight loss. What do you think about some of that data on heart issues or bone loss? Do you think it is that concern you at all? Sure. I think it all does. I mean, I think all of the stuff has to be paid attention to. And I think the question, again, comes back to how much of that is occurring due to training? How much of that is happening due to the loss of amino acid intake and the loss of training? Well, the neuropsychiatric, I mean, that's another one on the eyes. What I'm interested in is we have these GLP when receptors are like so many different tissues. So what, systemically, like, how is it beneficial? Was it not beneficial? I don't know that we really know. We have data where there's obviously positive effects. You see reduced Alzheimer's disease incidents with people taking this GLP one receptor agonist. But is that how much is that due to weight loss? Right? Yeah. We've looked into this a lot because I do remain, it's funny. We did a podcast on this somewhat recently where I went through this particular question, which is will GLP one receptor agonist ultimately prove to be geopolitical. And I came up with a very obscured way to define that, which is independent of weight loss. Because obviously at the macro level, they're going to be geopolitical because if you apply them to people with type 2 diabetes and significant obesity, and you correct the metabolic dysfunction, you're going to live longer. So by that regard, it's a geopolitical agent. But the real question is if you take a person who is of normal weight, who does not have type 2 diabetes, but maybe has a higher risk for Alzheimer's disease, and you microdose them. So you're giving them 2.5 milligrams per day, which, by the way, we are doing in some patients for metabolic condition without obesity. So we have patients who have diabetes, but are already at very low body weight. We have two patients actually in our practice in this regard. And after lots of detailed back and forth machination with Ralph DeFranza, who's a previous guest on the podcast, we sort of realized that at least one component of the drug regimen for these patients was going to be a GLP1 agonist. Now, it seemed very counterintuitive to give Trezzepatide to people who have a BMI of 23. But we've been able to do it without them losing weight. So again, very careful strategies around nutrition and the effect on their diabetes is profound. So they're looking more metabolically healthy. Oh my god, totally. I mean, these are really interesting cases that maybe at some point, obviously a D identified a way it would be interesting to talk about where you have OGTTs that are unrecognizable. You simply cannot believe the degree of metabolic dysfunction in a person who otherwise looks the way they look. And in one case in particular, it was so confusing that even after all the genetic testing we did, we simply couldn't figure out an answer for this. We couldn't understand where the beta cell fatigue was coming from absent a formal diagnosis of type 1 diabetes. And within three months of being on 2.5 milligrams of Trezzepatide, this individuals, OGTT had almost normalized and I suspect by about six months it will. That's fascinating. And we've managed to do this without any weight loss. So this to me is the interesting question, right? Which is when you look at some of the Alzheimer's biomarkers, which are improving significantly, it begs the question, should this be part of the playbook for an individual who's at high risk? Especially given that we now, I think really understand how to make sure people don't lose weight and don't lose lean mass. And therefore I suspect don't lose bone density and all these other things that matter. Or like you said, if you're doing this microdose, like maybe you're not going to be as satiated. Like you still have somewhat of an appetite because you're on such a low dose. Maybe you're going to have a little bit of a... We've also seen some other weird things anecdotally. Patients have told us that when they inject in the abdomen, so when you inject in the fat of the abdomen, the anti-basically the anorexic effects are greater than if you inject in the leg or butt. And we looked into this and there was some mechanistic data to suggest that maybe you're getting more vagal tone when you inject in the abdomen. Again, I just don't know if any of these things are correct. They would need to be studied. But again, that would be a very important piece of data. If there's a location you can inject this where you minimize the anorexic effect of the drug. Again, for some people, that would be a feature, not a bug. For some people, that would be a bug as opposed to a feature. So you have to understand how to use the tool.