Are we seeing more body builders now use GLP1 agonists to yes? Yeah, I was about to say right like why wouldn't you it would make it would make the most difficult part of body building easier which is the calorie restriction right? You said that in a way I cannot say any better. There are 3 groups of people in body building today. People that have emphatically adopted the use of GLP1. Group two or people that either use or don't use but don't say much about them either don't care don't know or they're using but they're kind of about it. And then there's another group that is just absolutely viciously opposed to them. For reasons that are almost always wildly irrational but more realistically understandable. Just to be clear, there is a category of body builder who fully endorse the liberal use of antibiotics steroids but oppose the use of GLP1 agonists vehemently. And the moral argument is you have to suffer through the hunger to earn your right to call yourself a competitive body builder. What do you think about that? It could probably steal man. Yeah, I mean look, I think having never done body building I'm probably not a good person to sort of offer a point of view on that. Obviously, you could argue that if the stripes are earned through that type of suffering or let's take a step back. If the stripes are earned through suffering, there's two types of suffering. There's the suffering you do in the gym, the pain of the gym and then there's the pain of the the the the second one the starving the life of the calorie restriction. And if they're saying you have to have both of those to be one of us, then steroids are not a problem. In fact, they allow you to suffer more potentially. They allow you to push yourself much differently true. So maybe in that sense, steroids are an important part of body building. If the suffering is the is the card and the GLP1 agonist is not. So maybe that's the argument. Again, I I probably wouldn't have come to that argument. I probably would have said, well, if we're in the business of using any form of pharmacology to enhance our physique, we should take whatever we can get provided at safe. Yes, I'm in that campus. Well, there are at least two things those folks aren't considering. Thing number one is that if you're going to achieve a certain level of body fat with a chlorocrystriction without GLP1s, when you use any given dose of GLP1s to produce your hunger, you get two things out of that. One is now you can push even more exotically lean levels, which you should be. We're not trying to race to the same point, but destination changes. You can get some think, loot striations, and when a few shows without GLPs, maybe you can get completely stripped out of your mind with them. It's just as hard. You're just as hungry, but just as hungry a 3% body fat is a very different look than just as hungry at 6%. One is GLP enhanced, one is not. That's a big deal to remember. The other thing is you have to deal with side effects of GLPs. I mean like they give you heartburn. There is a certain amount of food focus they don't eliminate. Like watching TV shows and watching people on the meat tasty foods on your own prep is not as difficult because you're not physiologically as hungry, which is still of cravings. And cravings are lower but they're still there. And you still dream about food and the whole gamut. It's not the since not complete combustion of hunger. Now I hope one day very soon will achieve that and that'll be a man. I'm miraculous thing that will save. I don't know. Hundreds of millions of people from the obesity epidemic. Oh, little like footnote and in history, but that'll be cool. And then your job will be like if you want, if you have more bandwidth because shit is easier, just push your conditioning further. Get even leaner. That's a big deal that people seem to forget. The other deal is there is a preposterous amount of assuming that work and diligence are the big variables that separate bodybuilders. Usually that assumption is made by people with elite genetics. And it's just not true. My jiu-jitsu coach, a gentleman named Mr. Will Stark's phenomenal professional MMA athlete. Will needs a very clean diet, very very healthy diet, but he has, you know, tons of freebies, potato chips, pizza here and there and no big deal. He trains from mixed martial arts. He's a pro. He has glute strations. He walks around and lives his life at 7% body fat. That's just how he exists in the world. It would take him one cycle of training to turn pro. He's drug free. If you look at him in the gym and if you put on some posing trunks and you look at his glutes. You ask some people in gym, what's that all about? The band of men must take a lot of our work bullshit. Took no more no work at all. He trains his ass off in MMA. But I'm in MMA. Guys, do you see what's trying to glutes? It's almost nothing. So you would look at that and be like, let's say he diets for six weeks. And actually starts resistance training for hypertrophy. For the first time in his life, I might add in his mid 30s. This is our plan for Will once he's ready. He's going to, he's going to turn drug free pro his first or second show. No problem. And people are going to go mad. I must have taken a lot of work. You need to be like, huh, well, actually, not really. And so if you have someone on stage against him who takes second place, but they started their diet at 20% body fat. And their diet took 18 weeks, who worked harder. People would tell you the guy was trying to glutes didn't they would be fucking wrong, wrong, wrong. So when you look at people using GLPs, you assume everyone has kind of decent genetics. That's not true. And people who have been fat or before have a much harder time getting leaner for a bunch of different reasons. They're dealing with the same genetics that got them fat and they have excess fat cells that scream, hunger signaling into the ether all the time. So the idea that bodybuilding is about earning your keep and grinding and suffering is true. But we already use enhancement in so many different ways. Why not use enhancement in this other way? I never gotten a clear answer on that because most of the people are spots that your opinions don't have the patience or intellectual capacity to deal with such issues. So just something to scroll by and Instagram and go and note it. Scrolling onto the next thing or turning my phone off and flushing it on the toilet. So Mike, what do you think that tells us about kind of the the morality of GLP1 use much more commonly? Because obviously the majority of people using GLP1 agonists and dual agonists, etc. Our bodybuilders and our professional people who's lively, hoods depends on their physique. It's normal people. Again, let's also take out the category of people with type 2 diabetes or with such significant obesity that it's impacting their health in ways that are direct and measurable through the excess out of capacity. Let's talk about what is probably the majority of people who would use a GLP1 agonist right now, which are people who might actually even be healthy. There might be overweight. Yeah, but still be per- GLP1's right now. Yeah. And so tell me, why do you think that there is a bit of a moral panic about this? Yeah. Most of the people that are morally panicking will tell you why. Most of what they say is that you have to earn your fitness. And if you are lazy and you just take a pill and you lose all the weight, you haven't addressed the root cause of the issue, which is your poor diet. And there's something to say there. But I don't understand much further about their own logic. I would say they're not thinking a lot. They're just having a lot of feelings. If you talk to most people about politics, you'll realize that most people are not geopolitical strategists or concentrations. They just feel a lot. And so this is one of these things where people have a lot of feelings, but if they pulled it back and actually logic through it, they would conclude that like, oh, these modern and erected drugs are tools to accomplish something. And whatever tools you use that make sense for you should be a valid consideration for the goal. But a lot of people use physical fitness, especially external, as a proxy for conscientiousness. The ability to organize your life to delay gratification so on and so forth. And the reality is that probably the two biggest predictors of how will be someone is are your genetic hunger drive and your degree of conscientiousness. So the only thing that the GLPs eliminate as a category of problem is the hunger drive, eliminate it, but they do a great job, they're just substantially. So now we're left with people that are leaner, some of whom just have average conscientiousness, but now low food drive and now they're leaner. And this especially upsets people that have lost weight themselves on their own and they took a certain moral worthiness, a certain gold star on their chest for it. So I was conscientious and willful enough to do this. And to those people, they're absolutely correct, like what they did was monumental and all-term impressive. And they feel sort of ripped off because other people are now doing it, but just like taking a weekly injection. But that belief in yourself, that flexing your conscientious muscle that you did, it's your benefit for yourself to keep. And the other way to think about it is if you just, if you had to lose 20 pounds and really focus yourself to do it and to keep the weight off your focused all the time, what you could do is take an an electric drug GLP1, for example. And now you don't have to try as hard to limit yourself because your food, your natural appetite is like normal. And you can take all of that bandwidth of willpower and effort and conscientiousness and apply it to something else, business, family life. If you have to diet hard enough to lose a bunch of weight, you're bandwidth for your work, you're bandwidth for family, you're bandwidth for enjoying your life, half to go down. Otherwise, you're just not dieting hard enough. And if you now have a solution to the hard-diting problem in which you can actually do much better job with less input, that doesn't mean you're on the couch eating cheetos, though it could if you choose. What it means is now you have more bandwidth that opens up for all of these other wonderful things in which you can express your conscientiousness, build your business better, spend more time with your family. So has that been your experience, which is it hasn't actually changed, what you're eating, it's just given you the privilege of focusing less on the starvation and the management of diet? That's exactly been my experience. My wife was either genetically, epigenetically geared to just get fat. At one point, she was almost 200 pounds at four foot 11. And she probably has more willpower than I've ever seen in a single human being. She'll break herself before she quits it stuff. And her hunger signaling was so profound that she battled at her whole life. Had lots of victories, lots of defeats. And her introduction to GLP's to OZEMBIC was the kind of thing that porters on the religious experience for the first time ever to be like, oh, this is how normal people live their lives. And now she's whatever bodyweight she wants to be and lives at a category level of body fat. Oh, sorry, I can't a level of life experience. She was unable to access before because especially of females of reproductive age, having 70 pounds extra at a positive how the world sees you, how you see yourself is totally different. She almost failed out of medical school because she was dieting so hard to try to stay to certain body fat their brain just wasn't working. And it's easy for bodybuilders and other folks to say like, we just got to go through like, guy, you don't do anything. Subtutes to parents play playstation and train with weight, thank God for your supplement contract. There was somebody on social media that she sort of opened up about her journey and this like bodybuilders not even competitive. He's just a guy who lifts weights, he's a personal trainer. He said something like like, you base, you failed at life if you needed the ozempick and like my friend, if we start listing off my wife's like accomplishments, it's going to be a 10 to zero against you. Like you're nothing to her. She had every bit more willpower. Whatever it is, you got good at, she could recreationally get good at faster than you better than you just as a joke and then quit and then come back and do it again. But because you have no idea what it's like to want food that much, you're out of touch. I would say it is for me became very easy to connect with my wife on food drive after I had a dieted down to body fat that was a competitive bodybuilding appropriate enough times. You feel what it's like to be absolutely thinking about it's food. All you're thinking about food tastes good to a level if you're like, am I eating drugs? Like what the hell is going on? And you're in pain physically from the expansion of your abdominal tract and you're still eating and your eyes are this wide like a hungry ravenous dog who like he just tortured and not allowed eat for a long time. That's how a lot of people live in the world. And again, there's two variables that come into determining how fat you are primarily. One is food noise, one is conscientious. So if we just end the food noise, some people will still be overweight even if they're on a zempo because they're like, whatever, just Reese's cups and enough Reese's cups can defeat any amount of pharmacology so far. For those people, all those discussions about like, hey, they could be more diligent. You should be planning. Yeah, they're all still valid. But if we can just remove one impediment, amazing. People come at this for morality. You have to earn your keep. Now, I'm in sport competition. Yeah, value it's cheating. Now, I'm not even in competition and I'll test for drugs at all. It's not cheating at all. But people take this morality, this cheating stuff and they put it out in the real world. But do you think it should be, I've talked about this before, in cycling, a sport where they're very clear on what the rules are, no performance enhancing drugs. But to date, all of the performance enhancement has been on the generation of power, right, EPO to testosterone, things like that. But anybody who's ever written a bike knows it's half power, half weight. Cycle has spent a lot of time being hungry. Many of them do. Some of them don't. Uh, you also hear a total calorie expenditure throughout the week of superpastress. Sometimes you cyclists have trouble keeping up their weight. So you see all the whole range. But if there is a drug that solves a very big problem for you that makes you better and you're purporting to be a drug free federation, yes, you should be testing for it and it should be a band substance.