The other thing I want to talk about is, another area where you have the great amount of expertise, and that is around head injury. About, oh gosh, 10 years ago, I had a friend that suffered a very significant head injury, writing a bike down the street, and a jogger bolted out between some parked cars, didn't notice him riding, and they hit head to head. You know, the jogger got the worst of it, because he was wearing a helmet, but nevertheless, they were both devastated by this. He was going about 40 kilometers an hour. She's sustained multiple fractures to her head, but he sustained a concussion that was so bad that basically he wasn't himself for about two years. He's more or less himself now. Can you explain what a concussion is? Even this, like the idea of what concussion is, is quite hotly debated. But in general, you would classify a concussion as a mild traumatic brain injury, with more severe traumatic brain injury, you might think of complete open skull fractures, and direct penetrating to trauma to the brain things like that. So this is, the skull remains intact, but there has been some transmission of force or a wave of blast wave, say if it's a blast injury, there's been transferred to the brain. Then, at some level, in order to have symptoms of a concussion, you have some kind of disturbance of neuronal function, and that can either be because of abrupt loss. So there are some significant head impacts in particular where you can get sharing of axons, direct axon injury of neurons, and then that cell is essentially, there's essentially lost as you sort of ripped it apart. But even more milder impacts may cause disturbances that include like the neuron firing when it shouldn't, this can then sort of create this pattern of activation, again, that's not expected or in an area, the brain where it's, you know, would normally occur in a way that it wouldn't normally occur, and then this can then cause these downstream processes within cells that can cause my condure damage swelling, you know, you then might see the accumulation of certain pathological proteins, so towers, it's like just like you see in Alzheimer's, dementia is also a response to neuronal injury in a concussion. I work with a neurosurgeon who's definition of concussion is any impact or force to the brain that causes the disturbance of function of one neuron. Unfortunately, that's not something that we can measure, because you probably need multiple or, you know, large sections of the brain to have an average function for you to be able to actually measure it or detect it. But, you know, those are the various processes that are going on when you get a head impact. So it could be as, as quote unquote, milder's just a headache for a few days following a head trauma, or it could be, you know, in the case of this friend of mine for a couple of years, light was, they had a lot of photo sensitivity, they had a lot of auditory sensitivity, they had difficulty, you know, processing things, they were much more irritable. How common are those types of, you know, more severe symptoms than just a headache for a few days after a hit to the head? So in reality, it's quite difficult to say how common things are because millions of concussions happen every year in the US alone, most of which probably go unreported. And so it's only when you see more significant symptoms, or, you know, something's, you know, is happening in front of a, so you're playing sport, it's happening in front of a doctor, you know, you get a formal assessment. And, you know, the downstream effects are varied, you know, can be around, you know, verbal effects, post-sensivity, noise sensitivity, effects of memory, focus, reaction time, you know, depending on how you're measuring things. And probably some of it is exactly which area of the brain was impacted. And then there's a systemic response aspect as well. So there are, you know, you can only really do this in animal studies, but parts of the process of, of the, the sort of the disease process, after traumatic brain injury is a systemic immune response that seems to sort of contribute to some of the symptoms. So, you know, how much of an inflammatory response you get, how much of a fever you get, that can then, you know, cause some issues throughout the brain as well. So what do we know about the short-term management of concussion and the long-term? And what is the relationship between concussion and a traumatic brain injury, which are terms that I think, both people are hearing. And of course, the term TBI in the past decade is sort of more front and center for people. I suspect in large part due to two things, right? Probably a greater understanding of TBI occurring in the battlefield, and also in at least one sport American football, though obviously it occurs in more than that. Yeah. So like I said, the concussion is generally considered within the, so all of these are TBI's traumatic brain injuries. Okay. Of, you know, various severities. A concussion is sometimes also known as a mild traumatic TBI, a mild traumatic brain injury, or M TBI. And then, and I think this is where probably most of our, you know, focus today will be on, because, you know, the more severe brain injuries, so say if you do have skull fractures or penetrating head trauma, or you have, you know, significant loss of consciousness that requires, you know, intensive care. It, that requires specialists in your surgical treatment that's, there's probably beyond what most people here will be thinking about. But if instead, you're thinking about concussions on the sports field or blast related or sub-concussive exposures, which might happen again in sports or in the military. And there's increasing evidence that says that sub-concussive impacts or blasts, so an example would be sniper fire, right? You essentially have a mini explosion happening right next to your head several times a day, right? If you're, if you're in the range practicing, and there's some evidence to suggest that even that over time, the damage can accumulate and cause issues with cognitive function. And there you call it sub-concussive because each individual one doesn't necessarily cause symptoms, but depending on how you define, concussion you may or may not get symptoms anyway, so there's kind of a gray area there. But, you know, each individual one wouldn't be able to detect it really, but the damage seems to accumulate over time. If you have a significant head impact, so say on the sports field, there's probably again where people are most familiar with it. There's probably two aspects that are worth separating, so there's the formal medical process, medical assessment that you should undergo, and there are people who made, you know, in multiple sports now, they may have some baseline cognitive testing, so that when you do get concussion, they retest you, they make sure that you get closer to your previous baseline before you're allowed to play against, so things like the impact assessment is often used in a sort of youth and college sports. And so there's that part, but then what I'm particularly interested in is how can we mitigate the effects of an impact initially like are there supplementation of other strategies that we can do to make the athlete, who's or somebody who's at high risk of concussions, more resilient to that impact, and other other things that we can do to support recovery or minimise the effect of the impact, so with the short term sort of post concussion management, there are two or three things that I think are particularly important. So the first is thermoregulation, and so which is basically managing normal body temperature. My PhD was actually looking at the effects of temperature on response to brain injury, and it's very clear that the hotter your brain gets after injury the worse you're outcome. Pretty much any type of brain injury, stroke, traumatic brain injury, you know, also these neonatal and pediatric brain injuries that I study. And we know that a lot of sports happen in heat stress environments, so you're on the field, you're hot already or you're out in the sun, and if experimentally, if you heat that brain up first, which happens during exercise, and then you have an impact in that brain stays hot, that can that seems to worsen outcomes. So getting somebody out of a heat stress environment, cooling them down if you need to, if you need to, and you can use external ways to do that, you can use things like tie-on, also help regulate body temperature. And that particularly becomes important because at some point a few hours later in inflammatory response is going to kick in, and it's very common to get fever. There's been a big, I mean, it's decades of what. How long does that, does the, does the, sort of power or potential of that intervention last? So if a person has a concussion, you know, at two o'clock on a Sunday afternoon, is should they be in an environment of taking Tylenol and cooling themselves off for the rest of the day, or something that would you'd want to carry out for a couple of days and just continue to run the clock Tylenol to keep, to prophylactically ward our fever? That's a great question, and it's something that the field probably still struggles with, but a period of 24 to 72 hours after the initial injury is probably the most critical. The, the most important thing is preventing fever, and the reason why the reason why fever causes issues is because you, you increase the mismatch between metabolic rate and capacity to produce energy to match them metabolism. So if you have my conjure dysfunction, you're basically increasing that gap in terms of required energy production, which then exacerbates the injury. So if you have it in for cooling, Tommy, so for example, and obviously as you know from your work, when you're doing certain types of heart surgery, you can actually cool the patient to 19 degrees Celsius, at least back when I was training that was the sweet spot. I don't know if what the temperature is today, but if you were, basically doing anything where you had to cross clamp the aorta and prevent cerebral profusion, you would, you would, you would cool the patient. And obviously that was very protective. So is there any evidence that someone sustaining a concussion should go beyond just getting out of the sun and taking Tylenol, but perhaps be laying down and be, you know, Bay, at least have their head covered in ice. So the, the short answer is no, there's no evidence for that. So that's the reason story to answer that question. So in animal models, and again, this is something that I've, I've published extensively on. Hiperthirmia is magic for acute brain injuries, right? If you can decrease core temperature by three to four degrees Celsius for, you know, three, you know, 24 hours and 72 hours after the injury, you get a significant reduction in in brain injury. One specific scenario, and that's acute, acute brain injury in babies that have some kind of issue around birth, third piece of hypothermia. So cooling to third, 3.5 degrees Celsius, called temperature for three days is the standard of care. It was brought into the resuscitation guidelines. And then they didn't take it. They do that just externally. They're not using ECMO or anything like this. No. So if, so some of those kids can go on ECMO, but that's because of respiratory failure. And you see, you can call on pump. But no, this is just an external cooling with a blanket. In models of TBI, it is similarly neuroprotective in animals. Huge bodies of work say that if you create a traumatic brain injury in an animal model and then call that animal down, they get decreased injury. Dozens of trials, billions of dollars have been spent trying to replicate this in humans, and it has not worked. And people thought the temperature wasn't right. The duration wasn't right. Obviously, in traumatic brain injury, we have a very heterogeneous population, maybe the population wasn't right. But in reality, there's no evidence that hypothermia works for concussions or any kind of traumatic brain injury. But what does seem to work is maintaining normal thermia. So basically, a core temperature, at or below 36.5 degrees Celsius, ideally. There are some people out there who will sell cool caps and things. I think I once spoke on a podcast and said what I just said. And somebody emailed me and was like, here's my unblinded open study of my cool cap in some hockey players that shows that it improves recovery from concussion. There is no high quality evidence that these things work. So particularly, because it's sternly cooling the brain, you're probably not going to get the brain cold enough to do it. So what you need to do is you would need to cool the blood going up into the brain. So yeah. But in reality, I don't think there's much evidence there. So focusing on preventing fever or managing fever, I think is very beneficial, but then active cooling below that doesn't seem to add anything. And these studies, they demonstrated, they were actually cooling the neck, they were demonstrating that they were achieving a significant reduction in brain temperature. So these external devices like cooling the neck in individuals with concussion that hasn't been shown to be beneficial when they've trialled hypothermia. Oh, I just mean, I was afraid that they actually demonstrate efficacy of cooling, not that it reduced no concussion, but did they show that they can cool the brain? No. So this is another issue is that particularly with mild external forms of cooling, how do you know the brain is actually going to cool them? And so sometimes in these studies, you may see, like particularly they're doing external cooling on the scalp, they'll do measure scalp temperature and say, well, the scalp is colder there for the brain as colder. That's not necessarily the case. So no, there isn't documented evidence that these things can directly significantly cool brain temperature. Yeah. So there's two problems, right? One is we don't know if we're even cooling the brain in these studies. And of course, therefore we don't know if cooling the brain would minimize or mitigate this risk. It could be the complexity of the human model and given our surface area relative to, finally, infants have a surface area amount that allows for easy external cooling. In fact, that's when challenges of taking care of pediatric patients is they're very susceptible in sensible losses in the way that adults are not. So here you're using it to your advantage. So that's very interesting. If it doesn't work, in other words, if we could be sure that those studies are indeed cooling the brain, but it is not having an impact, what is your explanation for the discordance between that and the pediatric and animal literature? So there are two potential things that the curd conceivably remain as our answer question. So one is that the majority of cooling studies, although this has been overcome in a lot of them, but the majority of cooling studies are probably not cooling soon enough. So there's actually a very narrow window, again, based on animal studies that says, in an acute brain injury, you basically need to start cooling therapy within six hours, but probably ideally within three hours of the injury. If you're running a clinical trial, this one has to be found, right? It's the same as doing thrombolitis in stroke, like trying to get it as soon as possible, is very difficult. So if you could immediately call, maybe that's part of the issue. The other issue, which is potential a little bit controversial, but I think is increasingly appreciated in the neonatal literature, is that when they did the original cooling trials, the control group were kept at 37 degrees Celsius and had a lot of fever. So it could be, or you mean the controls were managed with Tylenol and the thermoregulation to keep them at 37. No, so originally, they were, in those original cooling trials in neonates, the control group was hot. So if you look at a baby's normal temperature after their born, they don't immediately go to 37 degrees Celsius. They may never get there. They'll slowly warm up over a day or so. But in those trials, the control group were immediately warmed up to 37 and they also frequently had fever, and they weren't managing those fever. Because that was in the era where you're worried about the kids getting cold. So the reason you may have made the controls worse off in artificially treated a gap. Exactly. So in more modern cooling trials, they do targeted temperature management in the control group. So the control group is kept at 36.5 degrees Celsius core temperature. And then compared to that, the cooling group doesn't seem to have a benefit. So some of the effects in neonates may be due to a worsening about coming in the control group rather than benefit in the intervention group.