So if I recall, Jeff, the end of week one was when we do our story, right? Kind of depending on where you were in the order, but yet, it tends to be the last few days of week one. Talk about what the instruction set was for how, for each of us as we went off and prepared to do that. Well, the guidelines that we would typically give folks, again, we just, you know, we all, well, well, we always suggest that the clients, you know, write something out, bullet point it. And we'd ask that the story be told within the framework of the trauma tree. So, in these stories, don't need to be void of success and great moments. And if it wasn't for my grandfather and that stuff, but, you know, there's a thing we're here to focus on as well, right? So the what happened to me. And that we've been given the 45 minutes to tell your story. And we try to stay out of the way as much as possible, okay? Unless it's therapeutically necessary, you know, some folks, you know, not rescue would be the wrong word, but some folks need to, can get to go in down the rabbit hole of disregulation with their emotions and go in into detail. So that client may need a little help moving forward, right? Whereas another client may machine gun through a story, right? It's in that's ingenious too, right? Don't have to fill it if I don't stop and we might need to slow that client down, right? But the essence of the story again is just to tell the what happened to me. And then I think where the real magic can happen is during the feedback. Because as you get 45 minutes to use your mouth, and then we ask you to use your ears. And we ask folks to play by one more rule. And that is, please do not give feedback to the feedback. And then we're back to the control word, right? Because I've got this thing I'm ready to present perhaps I've presented at 10 times and I've got it written out or I've at least got bullet points. And I feel good about no problem. But you start telling me how you felt and what came up for you Peter when I was talking about my dad and what he did, I don't know how that's going to fill for me, right? And so and so many times, almost 100% of the time within the spirit of not giving feedback to feedback is feedback is, feedback is almost like equates to I'm going to throw some love on you. Okay? Like maybe I didn't have anything in the world coming with you, but when you talked about that thing at eight years old, I felt myself getting angry. And that's how somebody let somebody know, I was listening to you. I was there with you, right? And 90% of the time at least, when it's so hard for folks to not give to just sit there and let somebody share from the heart and to not give feedback to that feedback, right? And but so many times it's like, well, but my brother had it, my brother had it a lot worse. It just and it's like, and it's like, I just throw my hands down and I'm like, it happens almost that's why we do. It's like somebody throws some love on you. And it's almost like out of my shame in my wound in this, I need to remind that I'm a piece of shit. It had happened so often. So we're just like, you get to, you get to talk about it. I'm pretty afraid that cycle. It's very, very difficult. A lot of folks they think that change is about announcing what that they've been know what they're about to do. Right? I know this is going to sound code dependent. All right? Well, if you're firing on all pistons as a therapist, the response should be then don't say it. Right? Because there's enough muscle memory there. We need to practice the uncomfortable thing of not saying the thing you've been saying for years, not doing the same. I'm the last person to be black and white about many things. I think much of my work with clients individually in groups, what have you with human beings is finding the gray, right? And but I tell you, well, when it comes to compulsive behaviors, complex post traumatic stress, these things that we've been doing for years and decades, you're either eye myzer strengthening an old connection or I'm building the new one. You know? And so that's back to the when those clients say, what should I do when I leave this group room, do something different. And experience what it's like to do something different. And so many times, it's not doing something. All right? I mean, we've took the vacuum cleaner away from clients before. I mean, it's an ingenious damage control strategy. It's a safety map. I mean, it's like, it's written all over the walls. You know, we're here to talk about some deep stuff. And I'm finally going to be expected to talk about my stuff. All right? So, and we even encourage other clients to break rules. Some folks at the bridge, you know, might not like that, but it's like you need going that you need to go take some coffee into the morning meeting. Even a rule follow your whole life. Yeah, we were only allowed one coffee a day or something. Right. Yeah, first that's not much. What I understand is not the strongest coffee in the world.