How do we define health span? So if you look at the statistics, if you accept that 60% of Americans have at least one chronic disease, and the median age in the United States is 38 point something, and then you think about how long are people living on average? That would suggest if you say that, and again, this is what you're getting up the definition of health span. I would not define health span as ending once you have your first chronic disease, but that's the definition most people would use. If you use that definition, most people are spending three decades or more in the absence of health span, right? Or in six span. So, I mean, the situation is even in the United States where life expectancy is relatively short compared to other nations, a big chunk of that life expectancy is not spent in good health, and it's exactly for this reason. But the two different issues that are being confused here in the discussion. One is the issue of whether, you can help middle-aged people live longer, and everybody's agreed that we're getting better, that we're pretty good at it, and that certainly contributes to whatever you think health span might mean. That's an issue, however, that is quite different from what a concoction that slows aging to do so by extending health span. Those both have the word health span in them, but they're different, and shouldn't ever be confused with one another. The other point in this question, you ask us, what is the health span? My own personal answer to that is it's a useless term. That is because no one can define it. It's not because no one is smart, it's because the term itself is vacuous and nebulous. If you have somebody that gets a certain chronic disease here, and then another one, and then they fall down and bump their head, and by the way, they go to the hospital, and with COVID, et cetera, et cetera, defining when in that broads, over that 20 to 30 year period, they flick the switch, now they have gotten to the end of the health span is impossible. And of no interest, the general notion that people are interested in is whether that you can do stuff to keep people healthy for a long time, either without changing their life expectancy, or by changing their life, with changing their life, explosive, interesting. But you don't have to assign a number. But couldn't we get away because I agree with you completely. I don't like the medical definition of health span, which I believe is, quote, the period of time, in which an individual's free of disability and disease, I find that to be a very unhelpful definition. Because it, but part of the reason it's awful is it's binary. And that's, yes, silly. But if we made it analog instead of digital, right, and not saying that makes it easy, it's still very challenging. But now it allows us to start talking about things, right? Or is it, except it's a concept? It's a qualitative concept, right? I mean, I think we should try to make it to where we can't actually come up with a way to measure some, whether we call it health span or not, that doesn't really matter. But I kind of agree with rich. Like I agree with what you're saying, except, I think it's a really useful term as a concept. I think it's a really useful way to communicate to a broader audience what one of the goals is, right? Which is to increase the healthy period of life. Yeah, I kind of like the term health for that. I have a way that helps you out with your health. And you don't have to. See, maybe it's a function you can define it as a number. But there is a period of, I think we all could agree. There's a period of life where you are in relatively good health. And then there's a period of life where you aren't. And so I think the idea that we're trying to increase that component of life is really important. So I don't think we're actually disagreeing on much other than whether we like the word. I also think there's an individualization of this that we're missing. To me, health is a state of your physical being that you can do the things you like to do. And therefore, if you like to climb mountains, your health span is going to be different than if you like to play golf, for instance. And a lot of this is personal. You know, if you can't run a marathon anymore, some people will say, oh my health is, I'm going to never pay attention to the mental health piece. At least the biologist. So it's just a question. What is my health span? I would only be able to ask you that. Well, yeah. So we do this exercise, guys, because I completely agree with you. Steve, we call it the marginal decade exercise. OK. So we say to everyone of our patients, and I write about this a lot in the book, right? Everyone will have a marginal decade, which I define as the last decade of your life. So obviously, by definition, everyone has a marginal decade. Most people do not realize the day they enter it. But most people have a pretty good sense when they're in it. Right? OK. So the exercise we do is we go through with the patient, and we say, what are the things that are most important to you to be able to do in your marginal decade? And they generally fall into three buckets with a sub bucket. Physical, cognitive, emotional, social. The physical bucket we kind of divide into activities of daily living and recreational activities. So that's where, again, most people obviously into it, that boy, I would really not be happy if I couldn't take care of myself. If I couldn't get out of bed, get dressed, shave, cook. Like that would be disappointing to me. But then, of course, you have different levels of ambition within the recreational side. And yeah, I've got patients who say, when the day comes that I can't helly-ski, I'm going to be devastated. And other people are like, I just want to be able to garden. So that's going to create a very different standard. On the cognitive side, you have people who say, I want to be able to run my hedge fund and still make money and make really important investment decisions. And other people are like, I want to be able to do crossword puzzles and read the newspaper. And that's my standard. And again, we can go to, I don't know. So this is why it's very, I agree to it. You can't define it, but it doesn't mean we shouldn't try to personalize it.