If you're really committed to developing your cardiovascular fitness, you're trying to maximize the area of a triangle, right? So the triangle has a base and the triangle has a peak. And the goal is how big an area can I get? Not how wide, not how tall. You don't want one that's this wide in this tall. And you know what one that's this tall in this wide? You want the max. The base is your zone two. The peak is your VO2 max. From a training perspective, the rule of thumb that is applicable for people like us, IE normal people. And the best athletes in the world is roughly 80-20. 80% of your volume is down here. 20% of your volume obscene. In fact, some of the really, really elites are probably closer to 90-10. So you're saying no matter if you're just an ordinary athlete or you're the best, it's still roughly the same. Ta-di, pogotcher, who's the greatest cyclist on this planet, two time winner of the tour de France, absolutely mopping up the field of cyclists like their children, that guy is doing 80-90% of his training at zone two. And I know that for a red fact because we know who is coaches. If you know it's 80% 20% let's break out of the world. I just start with how much time am I willing to put into this. Now I got to be honest with you. I wish I could be putting 10 hours a week into cardio. I do. I mean historically I've put in 14 to 20 hours a week into cardio up until 10 years ago. So it's simply not possible today. All of the obligations that I have and there's, I've done the math 10 ways to Sunday. I'd have to give up something I'm not willing to give up. I heard it give up archery or give up driving or give up my kids. There's something like I'm just not willing to give any of these things up. So yeah I basically start with what's the most amount of time I can put into dedicated cardio. And for me it's like four to five hours a week, not including rocking. I sort of keep that in its own bucket. So then it's a very simple calculation. 80% of that time is zone two and 20% of that time is VO2 Max. And how are you breaking out? Let's just start with zone two. How many? I divided into four workouts a week. So four Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday, Sunday. Actually, what I was walking through the whole week, that'll be easier. So Monday is just strength training. So that's about 90 minutes to two hours when you include the stability training that I do as well. So movement, perhaps stability training, strength training and that's all lower body. That's Monday. Tuesday is zone two followed by dedicated hour of stability. Wednesday is upper body strength and stability. Again, 90 minutes to two hours. Thursday is a repeat of Tuesday. Friday is a repeat of Monday. Saturday is zone two in the morning, upper body strength, repeat of Wednesday in the afternoon. Sunday is zone two followed by VO2 Max. And will you ever do VO2 Max before you do zone two? I generally don't just because I like to have a lot of reps before I go for broke. So even when I was like a cyclist and doing two zone VO2 Max workouts a week, they were always preceded by a long, the metric we would use on a bike was kilojoules. So as how many kilojoules of work would you do before you would do the super hard sets? And it had to be at least a thousand kilojoules, which is translated to at least a thousand calories of work. And four zone two, I know you said you kind of like to break it up, if someone is like, hey, you know, I can do four days a week of zone two, but I can only do 15 minutes a day. Would you say I'd compress it? I would say do two 30s. So in your zone two sessions you like to do at least 30? At a minimum. And now when you're in those zone two is are you like when you hit the bike and the clock. No, I take 10 minutes. I do it all mine on a bike. Sometimes I'm in treadmill, but what I do is there's a, like a little, it's the computer is programming to the Wahoo Kicker, which is the device I'm sitting on. So it's taking 10 minutes to ramp me up. And maybe just walk through what modalities can people do zone two on? treadmill by anything that is steady state. So you know, swimming is a great way to do it because you can really swim in a pool at a steady state. Running is a great way to do it because you can pretty much run it a steady state. Cycling outdoors is generally hard. Unless you have specifically like fiesta island was a great place to train. I used to train at fiesta island because for people who don't know where that is in San Diego, where all with a time trial bike races were and it's just a seven kilometer loop that you can ride on without lights or anything like there's no traffic or anything that gets in your way. But for the most, I wouldn't be able to do zone two outside here in Austin. It's just it's too hilly and there's too much traffic and it's just it's, it's fits and starts. I can do my VO2 max here because I go to a hill and that's my favorite way to do VO2 max is on a hill. That's about a mile long and just do very hard up the hill and then easy down the hill. But a treadmill is another great way to do it. Just one of a walking incline typically. Rowing machine if you're really a good roar. You have to be efficient enough. Most people are not efficient enough and they just, they don't have the strength, they don't have the stability to row really well for 45 minutes. Stair climbers and other really good one. But you know, depends again if you're if you're starting out brisk walking is probably good enough too. Yeah and we we don't have to get into all the reasons of the benefits of zone two because we have so many podcasts within you go. Sound malon people can listen to but you kind of hint at another thing there which is, you know when you start your zone two workouts you'll ramp up. But also a lot of times we get questions where you know hey I did a 90 minute workout and I was in zone two for 45 minutes of it. Is that am I good? No I mean I think what you mean in that question is you know like I went out for a three hour bike ride today and when I got back my computer told me I was in I did 40 for my own zone two so two issues there one is that's just a zone two based on heart rate that's generally the worst approximation of zone two so zone two really is more based on lactate if we're going to be if you're purely accurate or at a minimum RPE but even if you posit that that 45 minutes of zone two from your heart rate is roughly accurate it's not the same physiologically because usually you're passing in and out of zone two in that situation and so you're not getting kind of that constant steady state turn which you're looking for what we're really kind of looking for is the harnessing of mitochondrial efficiency and to do that you just you have to be able to push oxidative phosphorylation right to its limit before you trip into glycolysis and you're just you're at the limit of that glycolysis being the dominant energy source whereas if you're on that ride you're going into and out of glycolysis constantly so it's not that you're so much in zone two for 45 minutes as that you passed through zone two for a sum total of 45 minutes which again that's the still there's still value in that but not for what we're talking about yeah and what about votomax what modalities can you do votomax training on you know here I think it's it's probably easier in a way right because it's pretty much anything that gets your heart rate up and gets you very tired so you know look it could be you know an air bike it could be a regular bike it could be a stationary bike stair climber treadmill running outside you know the skies almost the limit something like burpees is probably pretty tough once you get into something that intense like jumping because the sweet spot for votomax is kind of three to eight minute intervals so you don't want to be doing things that are so intense that you can't do them for at least three minutes and so what's your what's your current votomax workout so you mentioned kind of three to eight minutes on is it typically I do four on four off is sort of where I spend most of my time sometimes three on three off on a rowing machine I got into that quite a bit last summer but these days and sometimes by the way I just am in a bit of a rush and I'll just do one minute on two minute off at a much higher intensity on the stair climbers so I have one of those like industrial grades strength climbers and sometimes I'll just go sprint for a minute up the stairs and then it takes me two minutes to get my heart rate back down to about a hundred and then repeat that for 20 to 30 minutes so that's kind of like my poor man's cheating votomax workout but what I really like to do is four minute repeats four minutes on four minutes off and on the four minutes on are you going a hundred percent for the full like how how should someone think about yeah this is one of those things you have to you have to play with this there's a this is years and years of practice to know what that feels like so again I'm doing this on a bike so I'm looking at wattage and my watts are so low now I'm embarrassed so I'm not going to tell you what the watts are because there's so much lower than they used to be but I know I have a sense of what I need to average my wattage over those four minutes so I might go out at 105 percent of that wattage and it feels pretty easy for the first minute if it doesn't I've gone too hard by three minutes I'm very uncomfortable and at a minute I'm I mean I'm with at that in that last minute I eat at four minutes I don't have much left so that's you know if you go out all out in that first minute you're not going to get to four minutes you're you're just going to crash and you're sort of not in that zone you want to so it's not there's no question I positive split the thing meaning I do more work in the first half than the second but I don't want it to be more than about 10 percent