Tell me about the impact of cold plunging and sauna and hot tubbing on fertility for men. Okay, so the testists has outside the body. Yep. It's 3 degrees cooler than the rest of the body. So 95 versus 98 degrees Fahrenheit. And then there's a reason for that unknown. We had that conversation don't really know why, but it may be that it's an immunologic sanctuary and that's the only way to do it in that God or Don't We can figure out. But if you heat up the testicles, it's also close to the skin. So it's a radiator. So when the heat comes down in our turbo blood, it has to cool. So it raises in lowers and there was a journal in the journal of air reproducible results about 20 years ago. A man went to Big Sur and wore nothing and he measured ambient temperature and then he marked on this leg with a marker where his high-scrowed him hung how low it hung and he could tell the ambient temperature by how high or low his scrotum hung. He became a thermometer. So so it does go up and down. Is that Peter a tealactic? Journal of air reproducible results. Oh, really cool. But it's showed that it's very temperature-centitive. Right? And it goes up and down to regulate it closer to the body when you want it warmer. Except right, going to a cold shower or a plunge where your testicles, they're way up there. In my abdomen. Yeah. And that's all the creamest jerk muscle and it's all temperature driven. So it spends all of its time regulating its temperature to stay at 95. Now, sauna's bad. Hot tub secosis, steam rooms, change that. Right? The worst one of those is anything underwater, submerging underwater. Because your one centimeter away, your liquid, it's a liquid. You're going to turn that temperature and maybe not the inner part of your body. But little kids going into hot tubs, right? They overheat. So testicles will certainly overheat. So you get into a 105 degree hot tub, which is a very typical temperature for a hot tub. It's 105 to 110. You're saying within a relatively short period of time your testicles will assume that temperature. Absolutely. Yeah. You're 70% liquid. Yeah. And this is right at the surface. Published in the Brazil and Journal of Eurology, very, I published 200 studies. This was the hardest one to get in. Everyone said we know that it affects fertility. So I don't, we're not going to publish it. So American Thailand, the Brazilian Journal of Eurology. Then went to the New York Times as a press release. That's how popular it was. It's probably my most cited paper ever and it's certainly not my best. It's very interesting. I took in fertile men with low sperm counts and stopped the tubs. They were in hot bas Urcus. I used to work jacuzzi, jacuzzi called mepsit stop. Don't use that word. So I don't use that word. So hot baths are tubs. And I told them out and they went up 300% They're seeming, and now, seeming quality went up 300%. Total amount count. In three months or four months and 600% in six months. So you know, you have to give us some time. And that's that curve, right? The recovery curve. And we didn't look at fertility. We just looked at that recovery. And someone was zero and went up to close to the age range of these men. They 35. So fertile men. Yep. And you can see. Yeah, these are men who are not able to conceive. You're making the diagnosis. I think it's your hot tub. Let's get you out of there. And they have a sixfold increase in sperm count. Total amount of sperm count. Mean count, motility. Meanly driven by motility. Interesting. So it's motility that the price. The biggest one. But cost of count might have doubled to me. Chilly may have gone up threefold kind of thing. So sixfold increase overall. Then I calculated after that, I calculated a lethal dose of tubbing. So what's the lethal dose? What's the only 50? Yeah. So lethal dose to me means you're zero. Yep. You do it enough. You have no sperm. And it came out to be 20 minutes of a hot bath or a tub. 20 minutes on 140 degrees. Three times a week would probably make zero. Wow. There have to be a lot of guys out there who are spending at least three times 20 minute sessions in a hot tub that's at least 104 degrees a week. And the highest group, the biggest, interesting, the largest group of people in Tubbs at Northern California would do this study where environmental lawyers. I don't know. It's like, is your job that stressful? It's okay. It is. I mean, it probably isn't California. All right. So then then I think there's been studies. That was the, I mean, the only study ever done prior to that was a PhD thesis at Vassar College. Where someone had a guy dip their test skills into a bucket for 20 minutes that really hot. And looked at their sperm counts or their fertility and they went, they went, they really. That was the only, and I couldn't even find it wasn't published. I had to go, you had to figure out the thesis thing. But that's how little was written about it. And they gave me so much plaque for publishing. This was really funny. And the New York Times had an article said, you know, a juicondum and a juicondum, a birth control pill, that was a juicondum. It's like, picture, picture contraceptive. So it's huge. And it's, I asked it, I'd say 10% of my populations in it. And the next question is, what about sonas? So sonas is not underwater. It's not some version. But sonas are, you're not, you're in a hot room. You're going to, it's going to affect it. And I would say the effect is one quarter to one third. It's a profound, as a hot bath or some version. So my friend was absolutely right to have those ice packs on his scrotum. He's thinking he's reading. Yeah. He's listening to his Markiplier. The Turk protocol. Yeah. And then I would say steam rooms, showers are probably fine. Yep. Because you, you're in an ambient temperature's normal. And I think steam rooms are probably between sonas and, you know, events are much time you spend, but it's probably not normal, but not a hot bath. Hot baths are terrible. Okay. And then what about the cold? I don't worry about cold. I remember surfer magazine call me and said, you know, I'm on the other California surfer, right? No, I'll say surfer. And they said, I'd get a surfer magazine call me and say, I'm surfer surfer surfer surfer. I'll let you say, is that water bad for them? Because California waters are extremely nice. Yeah. And I said, no, I've never met an infernal surfer. So I don't think it's bad at all. All right. So the cold is okay. Because you're such a plunge where you're talking seconds. Yeah. Yeah. You know, your test moves are going to go up. Yeah. And you're going to be able to maintain the heat. I think if you did it all the time, it would probably be bad. Yeah. Because enzymes work in the testicle at that one temperature. They work optimally. I'm Peter Rattier. This podcast relies exclusively on premium subscribers for support, which allows us to provide all our content without taking a single penny from advertisers. I believe this keeps my content honest, making it a trusted resource for listeners like you. As a premium member, you'll get immediate access to our entire back catalog of AMA episodes and all future AMA episodes. You'll get longevity, focused premium articles packed with actionable insights. You'll get unrivaled show notes for each and every episode of the drive, every topic, every study, every resource from each episode, carefully curated for you. You'll get quarterly podcast summaries where you'll learn my biggest personal takeaways from the previous 90 days of expert guest episodes and much more. This journey doesn't have to be navigated alone. We can take these steps towards a better, longer life together. Become a premium member today at PeterRattierMD.com forward slash subscribe to join me in a shared commitment to a healthier future.