Jeff, what advice do you have for somebody who's out there trying to find a therapist? They've listened to us today and they've been like, okay, you know, these two guys have got me at least thinking, I ought to maybe scratch this a little bit. See if this scabbleeds, what are the attributes they should be looking for? First of all, how do they even begin to, like, what do you go on Google and search trauma base therapy? How do you find somebody? And more importantly, when you find somebody, how do you say, like, I'm going to give this three or four sessions to determine if this is a good use in my time? What are you looking for? Is it, hey, if I'm not uncomfortable in three or four sessions, this probably, this person probably isn't doing a good job, what are the metrics? I certainly want some input from a professional, a seasoned professional. A personal referral. I mean, if you will, you mentioned that I just did a go Google, like trauma informed is kind of like the buzz thing. And what does this mean? Did you, did you go to a 45 minute seminar on trauma does affect folks and now you're trauma informed, right? Yeah. Is there a certification that people should be aware of that says you're a true trauma-based therapist? There are several, but I would be more interested in, what I do when I look at bios. Sometimes I get more concerned about the more specialty, so I see, right? And, you know, a niche, you know, is so when I see these lists that cover every class that someone takes during a graduate program for counseling or that troubles me, you know, because, well, because it, it looks great. I cover all of these different things. No depth. Yeah, but like, how many, like how much muscle memory do you have as a clinician? Working with a certain population, the way that you do it, you know, and where did that muscle memory come from? So, and that's a, it's a big part of what I do, you know, is, is helping folks make sure, you know, that they are with the right person or they can go, that's where I go with the efficiency of it. Like, no one in the story, learning the story, getting that eye opening moment, and then that, hence that someone wants something different, right? And then to be a part of that process or to put them in the direction, point them in the right direction. What else should they be looking for? So, so they, they find somebody, they think, you know, they even get a personal referral that says this person is good, how should they evaluate what is going on and if they're on the right path within a month, for example, what's a sign that things are going well, what's a sign that things are not going well? I personally think that sometimes, I would say that challenge, like, how, how challenged do you feel, right? How do you feel going into a session? How do you feel after the session? Okay. What's a good sign to that, to the going, is going in, apprehensive and coming out exhaust at a good sign? I think, yeah, yeah, absolutely. I don't think it's a good story when it's like, I can't wait to talk to Jeff, because I'm going to get to Grite for 55 minutes and he's going to let me pay him for that, right? Now it's happened before, and I would just say, we need to call this what it is. Okay. You know, if this is where you want to put your anger at, for an hour, we can do that, but let's call it what it is, because we're not working on change here, right? So what's happening? What's being illuminated, right? Because they wouldn't call it a blind spot if I could see it, right? So what's happening within that back and forth that's what I, what did I not know? What made me think? What made me pause? But the main thing is what's different? And, you know, not all therapeutic relationships are a good match. And so to just know that that's a reality. And to give yourself permission to, you know, after an adequate amount of time, this isn't working, what's not keep doing this? You know what's not keeping doing something's not working, you know, watch short.