Let's talk a little bit about brain computer interface. There's this large and growing field that we call neural engineering. That is really trying to use computers, sensors, chips in order to interpret, even stop on how the neurons are signaling to each other. Regardless of their pathology or the biology, but just what are they saying to one another? Can we eavesdrop on that? Can we interpret it? Can we decode it? And then more importantly, can we use that information actually to guide, you know, sort of more normal signaling? Why this is potentially important is that at the end of the day, the function is from that electrical activity. It's the propagation of those action potential binorons, which give rise to our thoughts or ability to communicate our ability to walk, move our arm, without that, it's not there. So I would say neural engineering as a complement to the biological or pharmaceutical approaches. How would you explain this to somebody at a party if they said, but it sounds pretty high-tech, but what is it? Okay. Well, okay, so let's just break apart the terms. Brain refers to really any kind of thing that interfaces with the cortex or the deeper structures. The computer is a digital device on the outside. A lot of people now call this BCI, brain computer, and face it for short. It's a very messy term because it could mean a lot of different things. But I think at a nutshell, what it means is for most people, a system that is recording from the brain, whether it's non-abacive from the scalp or something that's fully invasive, like within the brain itself, and connecting those signals to a computer that analyzes the signal and then does something with it. In many cases of BCI research, the application is, for example, to remove a computer cursor, or in the research that we've done, is to replace speech words for someone who's severely paralyzed and unable to talk anymore. So it's about interpreting brain signals and then using a computer to interpret those signals and then transform them into a form that's useful to us. So in that example, you gave your describing a patient with a phasia who can't speak. Let me be very specific about that. So a lot of the work that we've done is on people that have severe form of paralysis. And phasia, we typically refer to someone who's got, let's say, a stroke in the language centers of the brain, where we've focused recently is on patients that have a severe form of paralysis like ALS. So their problem is they have largely normal language, but they can't get those. So they can't get the motor signal out to the vocal tract, the lips, the tone, the jaw, the larynx, those descending fibers are severely affected by ALS, they degenerate. And that's why people progressively become paralyzed and loseability to speak. And an important part of that is that they loseability to speak, but they still have full cognition. Yeah. And for that individual, by attaching a computer to their brain, you're able to hopefully extract in written cursive text, whatever across the computer screen, what they're wishing to say, that's right. Okay, let's talk about how that could possibly be done. You mentioned earlier, at least two broad ways to extract that information, a non-invasive way where, presumably, you're putting electrodes all over a head that's as well as shorn as mine. Alternatively, a very invasive way where you actually remove the scalp and you lay these things on the cortex itself, correct? Yeah. So the range would be EEG, which is where sensors are placed on the scalp directly, recording non-invasively. You can remove them at any time. And then the far other extreme is electrodes that are actually placed into the brain, the most EEG. ECOG would be electrodes that are on the brain service. That's short for electrocordicography. And that's where we've done the vast majority of our work in my lab. And that's just placed on the surface of the cortex, under the dura on the cortex. That's absolutely correct. Yeah. Okay. So what's nice about that is that you don't have the injury to the brain itself from the insertion of the electrodes. It's a stable recording over time. We now use ECOG devices to essentially help people with seizures, for example, where you can basically have a pacemaker now that records from the brain service and stimulates to help stop the seizures. And this is a fully implanted device? It's moving towards that. So the work that we've done in our clinical trial is using an array that's surgically placed, but connected through a port. We call it a perky canus port because it's actually physically attached an anchor to the skull. It's an array on the brain. It comes out the dura and is anchored in the skull. And there's a port exit the body? Right on the top of the scalp. How do you prevent infection with such a close? Yeah. It's a really good question. And that's what the main problem with this early prototype BCI. And it's our group. There's other groups around the world that are using similar things primarily to show if, you know, it's possible actually to decode brain activity useful purposes. So what's happening right now in the field is a lot of these technologies are now going to become wireless over time. But you're absolutely right. One of the main reasons is that we want to move away from the perky tenious. We want to move away from the ports which are infection risk on top of other problems. And move to things that are fully implanted for a global, fully wireless. How long do you want to do your away from that? Basically about a year. We've been working on it for quite some time. And so it's a really interesting time where we're seeing a convergence of what's possible with electrical engineering. You know, high bandwidth wireless, press a way beyond what we can do with Bluetooth. It's an advanced electronics that now allows to print some of these sensors on a substrate that is thinner than a piece of paper. Really, really small. And on a substrate that can conform to the convolutions, you know, the different peaks and valleys of the, you know, human cortical surface. So what is the tradeoff between ECOG and sensors inserted directly in the brain? Yeah. What's the resolution difference? Well, that's a very important question that we and many other people are trying to figure out right now. Most of the time when people are putting an electrode into the brain, there has to be some gain for that. And usually that's for recording a higher resolution, usually trying to record the activity of single neurons. A single cell. How can you isolate a single cell? Yeah, really small electrodes. Super small electrodes. And that's, we do a lot of work with this in our research. The challenge for the field has just been that it's very hard to stable it record from single cells more than a couple of hours or days. So that's one challenge. The other prop challenge is that when you put the electrodes into the brain, it can create a reaction. Those glial cells, so we talked about the very beginning, those support cells, they actually have immune function as well. They detect that there is a foreign body and they'll activate and they'll react to it, create a scar around the electrodes. So the advantage of having electrodes in the brain to do this very microscopic kind of recording is that you can get a finer signal from single cells. The disadvantage is that it can create a reaction that reduces the fidelity of those signals over time. One of the reasons we've been most interested in using these sensors on the brain cortex is that we've learned over time that if you don't have the electrodes penetrating through the peel surface of the cortex, that's the outermost very thin membrane that's covering the cortex. If you don't have anything going through that, you can avoid a lot of those immune reactions, avoid a lot of that's going, preserve the function that's underlying. But this is something that we're actively trying to understand. So just to give me a sense of magnitude, if EEG on the surface is one, one unit of resolution, what would ECOGB and what would implant an electrode be? Is it one, ten, hundred, what's the scale at your thinking of resolution? Well, I would say from the scalp, let's say we just are particularly called that one. You know, and then you think about what you could do with the ECOGB. I think we're really talking about, let's say, you know, a thousand times better resolution. We've been able to answer very fundamental questions, actually, about how the brain works using those kind of surface recordings in a way that's impossible with surface scalp electrodes. Wow. And then once you go take that further to single neurons and you've got another resolution, probably six to five, five thousand. So there is a big jump is just going from an EEG to an ECOG. Correctly. That's a three log change, whereas you're a five X change going. Right. And so one of the reasons for that is the skull and the scalp are a major loss of signal. The signals are small to begin with. So once you're trying to interpret them through the skull of scalp, they're basically gone and very diffuse too. So trying to understand where they came from in any precise ways, almost impossible. When you're recording directly on the surface, you're basically at the source itself. The cellular level, the single cell recordings are terrific for trying to understand that ultra-fine resolution primarily in the case that we use some force for research, primarily to understand what's happening at those units. But still to this day, there's really no way that you can chronically instaably record from the same cells, you know, over the same reaction. Also because of how fine of a problem it is, like how precise it has to be, we're talking about a single cell, you know, a couple of microns, and diameter, you've got a electrode, any micromotion at all, anything changes that. And so typically what we see with a lot of those systems that record from those is there's a lot of turnover from day to day or hour down, meaning you're drifting between which neuron you're recording in. That's exactly right. Yes. Does that imply then that, I mean, just taking a step back, you said 82 billion neurons in our brain. So you put the probe into one and it moves over to the next one and the next one and the next one. One, like me would naively assume, they're all the same. Like, you know, those are like three row homes that are basically all identical on the upper west side. Like, that's, we're not talking about trybacker here. Does it really matter if the probe moves between those three? Sounds like the answer is yes, but I'm curious to hear. The answer is yes. And because we now know that, you know, cells that are right next to each other can have some very different information. Now that being said when you go through a column of the cortex, the column is this vertical organization, typically what we were thinking about when we look at is the two dimension of the surface. But there's a third dimension of the information processing which is the different layers of the cortex that we call the lamina. And typically in some of the sensor areas, for example, if you put a electrode, it's primarily going to be tuned to the same information across those different neurons across that depth. So you're right. In certain areas, you may have neurons that are tuned to the exact identical thing. And for decoding purposes, that may actually not be a big deal to have it not, you know, not very stationary over time. In other instances where you're trying to code for areas where it's a lot more intermix, it could have really profound implications where you have to recalibrate the algorithms that the machine is doing to interpret the signals, you know, every couple of hours or days. So when you do ECOG, how do you direct the sensor at the part of the brain you want to go to? Because I assume it has to be far more nuanced than just where you slap it on the cortex. Yeah, we're definitely getting into details and I love that Peter. You're not afraid of getting into the details. And so this is one of the actually the elutes to one of the things we were talking about earlier. The part of my brain and the part of your brain that is responsible for speaking, especially in the motor control part, is largely the same. It's in the same ballpark. There's a lot of variation when we come down to the details. The micro geography. But it's in the same, it's like largely in the same city, if we're talking about geography. Where your house is for my house, et cetera, that's going to be a little bit varied within that. One of the nice features about using ECOG or electrocordography is that you can put an array over that entire area safely. And you can sample very, very densely across the other, you know, across the entire city. Let's say. And so it doesn't really matter actually at the end of the day, if one person's there that seems to actually be a feature, not a bug, right? Absolutely. The bug is you give up the resolution at what's happening in the kitchen of that house. But you now get to look at all the houses. Exactly. And you get to do in a way that's very safe and scalable. And you're only, I mean, the biggest thing you give up is 20 percent. You give up 80 percent of the resolution roughly. But yeah. So with ECOG, tell me how many words per minute you could capture from a patient with ALS. I'm Peter Atia. This podcast relies exclusively on premium subscribers for support, which allows us to provide all our content without taking a single penny from advertisers. I believe this keeps my content honest, making it a trusted resource for listeners like you. As a premium member, you'll get immediate access to our entire back catalog of AMA episodes and all future AMA episodes. You'll get longevity, focused premium articles packed with actionable insights. You'll get unrivaled show notes for each and every episode of the drive, every topic, every study, every resource from each episode carefully curated for you. You'll get quarterly podcasts summaries where you'll learn my biggest personal takeaways from the previous 90 days of expert guest episodes and much more. This journey doesn't have to be navigated alone. We can take these steps towards a better, longer life together. Become a premium member today. A Peter Atia MD.com forward slash subscribe to join me in a shared commitment to a healthier future.