You know, in many ways, you're kind of the OG guy when it comes to talking about habit formation. Give folks a bit of a sense of your background and maybe even how that factored into you taking an interest in this topic. Yeah, absolutely. I had two experiences that really got me interested in habits. The first is that when I was in Iraq, I got embedded with a unit that was right outside of Baghdad. And I was talking to a captain there, actually he was a major. And now I was asking him, how do you how do you train soldiers to become soldiers? Because one of the things that you see in a war zone in particular, or anyone who's spent around the military, is that the behaviors of so deeply ingrained, right? The goal is to ingrain a set of behaviors that if a bomb goes off, which happened underneath my car, everyone around you, the 50, 18 year olds around you who probably don't know how to do anything with their lives, they know exactly what to do in that moment and they react automatically. And so I was talking to this major. And he's this like little short guy and he kind of like, you know, really muscular, he chaws all the time. And I said, how do you do this? And he said, well, you think you have to understand, Sun, because he called me Sun, the thing you have to understand is the military is a giant habit change machine. This is what we do. We teach young recruits who maybe don't have any self-discipline, maybe you know our prone to emotional we teach them the right habits and we've made a science of it. And when I came back to the U.S., I kind of had this experience where I was thinking about that and I was thinking to myself, if I'm so smart and so talented, if I have this great job and when these words, why can't I get myself to lose weight? Like, why can't I get myself to go running in the morning every day? Why is this such a struggle for me when I'm so good at other things? And I realized it was because I had not learned and studied how habits function in my own habits and that once I learned that, I had the tools to change how I behave automatically, which is of course the most important component of our behavior because it's what we do every day. How did you come to understand the ways in which a myriad set of behaviors? Because as you said, like a soldier is able to do so many things that basically become autonomic, that might be very counterintuitive. In fact, might be counter to the value of your own life. Absolutely. Like moving this direction as opposed to that direction under threat. Absolutely. Or are training people to kill? Yes. The many people have a natural reaction to not kill. So how does the military do it? Yeah. So how do they employ this reward punishment? Yeah, leverage. So one of the things that they do is they pay very, very close attention to teaching cadets to respond to cues. So one would think about saying, okay, if a bomb goes off, what are you supposed to do? Right? Let's talk about the behavior that you do when a bomb goes off. The thing about a bomb going off is that a bomb going off is a little bundle of cues and we need to talk about which cues you should pay attention to in which ones you shouldn't, which one should trigger not an behavior. So in Iraq, the issue with bombs going off, IEDs was dust. When there was an explosion of dust, that is when you should react and we're going to practice that. So we're going to take you out into the field and we're going to use ordinance that does not actually produce sounds, that does not produce fire. What we're going to do is we're going to put stuff in the ground, that creates a huge cloud of dust and we're going to train you to react to that. Because we have found that dust is a more predictable and reliable indicator of when you should behave than the noise of an explosion or being able to see the fire. And to be clear, the noise could be coming from anywhere you don't know where it's coming from. It's often a alarm. It could be something that's a town away. That's exactly right. And oftentimes overwhelming, the thing about like a visual stimuli in this context is that it's very, recognizable, whereas an audio stimuli, it's hard to tell. It's hard to localize, but it's also, and it also sort of so overwhelms you that it can kick in that fighter flight instinct that we're trying to avoid. So that's the first thing that they do is they pay a lot of attention to cues and they think really, really hard about that training. In one of my other books, smarter faster, better, there's a chapter about bootcamp for Marines. And it's probably the most scientifically well-fined to training you will find on Earth because it takes in hundreds of thousands of people every year and we have to train them to be Marines. The other thing that they pay a lot of attention to is how do we reward that behavior in a way that will make it automatic? Right, we mentioned that a habit is a cue, a routine, and a reward that's known as the habit loop. But what happens in our brain to form that habit loop is that the part of the basal ganglia, which every animal on Earth has a basal ganglia, the basal ganglia's job is essentially to make habits. Because without those habits, we essentially can't evolve. We just spend too much time in cognition. And what the basal ganglia helps encourage, and this is oversimplifying dramatically, but is it takes that cue that routine in that reward and it puts them in a kind of circuit where the neural synapses connecting the behavior centers of those three items becomes thicker and thicker, which means that as a result, the electrical impulse can travel down that synaps faster. So if I'm the general, my goal is to take these soldiers and to change their brain so that when they see smoke, they react immediately, which is they pull out their gun, they look for the thread, they go through the mental checklist of look for these five things, and then I want to have a reward for them that's predictable and consistent. Now, in that situation, there's not a natural reward. I have to create that reward. So one of the things that I do is I have them trained as a unit, and as soon as they all take position, they all say to each other, good job, good job, I'm in position, good job, good job, good job, good job, they're all positively reinforcing each other. That becomes a reward that can build this behavior, which is why looking at the unit or the platoon is so important in how we train soldiers is because oftentimes the rewards that are reinforcing our habits are social rewards that we're getting from other individuals. And during training, let's say it's the first day they're going through this drill, and two of the guys follow out of formation, they fail to get in position. The absence of being able to say good job is that sufficient, or is there also a punishment of, hey, you two guys, you were in the wrong spot, let's go do it again. Well, it's the Marines, right? So they start certainly the drill sergeants. They were certain reputation depalled about about yelling at people, but no, it's actually not doing that much. It's not really doing that much. It's helping people correct it's creating sort of that instead of a wicked feedback system, a positive feedback system, where I'm learning very quickly, but it's actually me seeking out that reward. One of the things that you'll find, if you look at surveys of why people fight, inevitably they will say, I joined because of patriotism and I stayed in the military because of my router because of camaraderie. So the guys next to me, I couldn't go home. I couldn't, I had to have to take care of them. That's really encouraged by the military, and that becomes the dominant overwhelming positive reinforcement, is that you act for your fellow soldiers. And when one of them turns to you and says, good job, good job. What he's really saying is, you helped protect me, and I'm going to help protect you, and that feels amazing. So when you think about the number of people that make it through the various forms of training and whether it be Marines, special forces, elsewhere, et cetera, are they screening for the capacity to be able to form these habits? Or is there a point of view that we can basically instill this in anyone provided some basic set of criteria of aptitude or psychological well-being as present? It's the latter. It's latter. And I'm kind of curious in your work how that plays out. That's exactly why I'm asking about it. Yeah, because what they believe in, and the science tells us is true, humans are habit machines. Right? We literally have evolved to brain that is fantastic at making habits. And so we can take almost anyone, assuming a baseline, physical readiness, and mental capacity, we can take anyone and we can teach them to be a good soldier. Now, some people are going to be a lead soldiers, right? Some are going to become special forces. They might have an aptitude where they're more comfortable with willpower, they're more comfortable with grit, they're more comfortable experiencing discomfort. And so they might be able to create habits faster. They might understand it's sort of just intuitively or through learning how to infect their habits, but we can do this with anyone. Which actually, I'm curious when someone comes to you and they are showing a habitual behavior that you think is negative. They want to race and you want to race. Are there some people who you believe like, it's just not going to happen. Like, I can't help this person. I'm Peter Atia. This podcast relies exclusively on premium subscribers for support, which allows us to provide all our content without taking a single penny from advertisers. I believe this keeps my content honest, making it a trusted resource for listeners like you. As a premium member, you'll get immediate access to our entire back catalog of AMA episodes and all future AMA episodes. You'll get longevity, focused premium articles packed with actionable insights. You'll get unrivaled show notes for each and every episode of the drive, every topic, every study, every resource from each episode carefully curated for you. You'll get quarterly podcast summaries where you'll learn my biggest personal takeaways from the previous 90 days of expert guest episodes and much more. This journey doesn't have to be navigated alone. We can take these steps towards a better, longer life together. Become a premium member today at PeterAtiaMD.com forward slash subscribe to join me in a shared commitment to a healthier future.