So let's talk a little bit about peanut allergies. Probably everybody listening is no stranger to a peanut allergy. In fact, I don't know what the prevalence is, perhaps you do, but it's quite prevalence. So there's again, the probability that someone listening to this doesn't either have a peanut allergy or no somebody with one is probably close to zero. So let's talk a little bit about this. Has it always been this way? And if not, when did this become an epidemic? Well, it really isn't epidemic and it's tragic and people can go into severe antiflexus just being neuropunit without even ingesting the peanut. In 1999, Mount Sinai did a study and estimated the prevalence to be about half of 1% and the vast majority were very mild. And it's there are many theories as to why that might have crept up from zero generations prior. The American Academy of Pediatrics decided to address this problem by issuing the recommendation. Now they didn't know what to recommend. They honestly literally had no idea what to recommend. I went back and interviewed some of the individuals who made that recommendation. It was a strong recommendation. Even if it wasn't made with such absolutism, it was interpreted as the law of the land. And the recommendation was for all children, zero through three to avoid all peanut products, including the little peanut butter moms would put into food and infancy. And pregnant mothers and lactate mothers should also avoid 100% peanut abstinence. And what happened immediately after that recommendation in the year 2000 is peanut allergy rates in the United States began to sore. And we saw a new type of allergy, which is the severe and a phylactic reaction, the ultra allergy where if someone used the same ice cream scooper as in the pistachio, even though they had rinsed it, that kid could end up in the emergency room when we saw emergency room visits skyrocket. So the American, so the medical establishment deletes, I'll say not the rank and file doctors that think independently. And the latter than rank and file doctors knew they just made this up. And somewhere had immunology backgrounds and knew this doesn't fit with immunology. And immunology, you need to be exposed to things early in life to be immune tolerance, something called oral and immune tolerance. Parents had known it as the dirt theory, sometimes you around. Can't the funds get developed a robust immune system that helps the illiterate and life bubble kids end up getting really, really sick later on. There's a pediatrician named Gideon Lack who's an allergist who was one of these enlightened guys early on and he said he noticed kids that had. I think it was like iron or metal in their teeth for dental work were less likely to get a reaction to ear piercing later in life. And so he had done research in immune tolerance and knew this concept if you're exposed to something you're less likely. Well a bunch of pediatricians to test this recommendation tried to speak up they were basically silenced or sideline and this recommendation took on a life of its own parents were told for their kids. Remember one two three at age one you can introduce milk at age two eggs and age three finally you can introduce some peanut products. So it became known as the one two three it took on a life of its own it became dogma. As the peanut algae rates soared the medical establishment said what's going on here we're telling people what to do they're not listening we need to double down we need to get people to comply we have non compliant parents out there if we can only get everyone to comply with this we can defeat this epidemic. If you can dear little echoes here of modern day correlations so this doubling down took place. And the more they double down the worse it got to the point where now there's an estimate the one eight one and eighteen kids has a peanut allergy. But the severe peanut allergy is that the real issue now where it's banned in a lot of schools about 20% of schools in America banned all peanut products altogether. And the more you ban the less exposure the more immune sensitization because now you have to think about the one and eighteen kid with an allergy. So it became a self-licking ice cream cone it was like you know more abstinence more abstinence what are you doing. And the parents who are like no I'm going to introduce peanut butter as my grandmother did and for generations whenever we're no peanut allergies they were seen as anti science they were ridiculed schools would address these parents sometimes. I have two medical students well graduate students doing research in my research center at Johns Hopkins from Africa. Once from Cameroon and once from Zimbabwe and they came to fly over to the research meeting in their first days and they were like what is it with the peanut allergies here. Like they're announcing it on the plane to be WI there these all these products are like contains no train nights. And they're like what have never seen this before my life and like some student invited one of them to dinner at his house because he was a new student from Africa. And he goes oh would you like to come over for dinner sometime and he goes yes sure. Do you have any peanut or other allergies and he's like Marty what that always with this peanut obsession here we have no peanut allergies in Africa. And I was like wow faith have you ever heard of a peanut these are public health graduate students. So we have no peanut allergies in Zimbabwe then I would call relatives that I have back in Egypt same thing I've never heard of a peanut allergy except for there was an expat living here in Cairo. And you realize this is a unique American epidemic that was created. But there must have been some index cases that caused the hysteria. Yeah so that incidence from outside I suggest half one percent it might have been microbiome related we think. But but the peanut abstinence just through lighter fluid into this fire and it really resulted in where we are today. So where is the American Academy of Pediatrics today on their recommendations. So here's the thing the study got done eventually 15 years into the recommendation that doctor Gideon Lack I mentioned. London published a study in the New England Journal of Medicine with a with 640 kids doing a randomized control trial to early peanut butter exposure in infancy. Four five six months not as they're sold diet he's go pro bet breastfeeding right and whole peanuts have a choking risk. So I mean the smart way. Yeah and then some peanut abstinence and peanut introduction and infancy. Fast forward a couple years radically eight full different rates in peanut allergies and severe allergies published in the New England Journal of 15 years. Why didn't the American Academy answer what year was that study published 2015. Okay then of course full difference so we're talking about that's almost like a significant as smoking. Giving lung cancer versus not like smoking versus not smoking and lung cancer was about a tenfold difference. Yeah one of the biggest odds ratios you see in research. Yeah and then of course the you know the beer crats at Nye add and NIH from the National Institute of allergy and infectious youth. They fought two years later they get around putting a position paper and all this stuff. So so 17 years. But do we also understand how much. How much is that position paper reverse the behavior in parents because when it comes to kids that are born today. Do we know that the amount of peanut abstinence going on is virtually gone now. I think it's unknown but it's a great point you raise why not reverse the recommendation now that the science is clear with the same vigor. Right. Which you put it out initially why not show some humility why not what.