So what about sleep medications? And let's talk about as many as you want. Like we get talk about benzos, we can talk about trazodone, we can talk about ambian, we can talk about the erects and base drugs, how many of the patients who come to see you are on a regularly taking one of these prescription based drugs, firstly. A lot of people take over the counter drugs and prescription drugs for sleep. And there was a huge shift that I noticed when COVID started. And there was a ban on flying to different countries, Mexico and Europe. And it turns out there are a lot of people who will fly to Mexico to get their ambian or end-filed Europe to get very sleep drugs that you can't necessarily get here. So all of a sudden, I saw a wave of patients dealing with withdrawal in the early months of the pandemic because they couldn't go get more of their drugs. Oh my gosh, I'm screwed. What am I doing now? How do I cope with this? So there was a meeting? And why couldn't they get them here in that situation? Oh, ambian's prescription only. And if you're saying they were buying it. I got it. Okay, and they just, they couldn't get a prescription while they were here. Yes, because they were taking so much that they were well beyond what they could convince someone to prescribe them. And a lot of physicians are, and a lot of my patients are physicians. And a lot of physicians are pretty redocent to go above FDA recommended doses when it comes to ambian. A lot of people don't realize that I believe, I believe this is the case. Ambian is still the only drug that is differenturally prescribed to men and women according to the FDA that's starting dose for women should be five milligrams. Starting dose for men is five to 10. For instant release, and then for extended release, I believe for women at 6.25, and then for men at 6.25, I've all of the way to 12.5, because women metabolize it less efficiently. So, I mean, the people who I've seen, I've seen people taking 30 milligrams. Big doses, right? And gosh, this is a very loaded question. But there's a lot of patients who come to me who will say, I've read something in the news. It turns out this medication I'm taking for my sleep is bad for my brain. I'm gonna be like, oh, I see, they saw that. And I wanna quit immediately. I need to quit by next week. Oh, okay. And you've been taking it for how long? Oh, 20 years. Okay, right. That's, oh, mm-hmm. So that never works, that never works. And I wouldn't say that I have any sort of extreme expertise in the different classes of sleep meds, but what I can tell you is the ones that people most often are coming to me saying, I wanna quit this. I hate being dependent on this. What do I, what do I do? These are gonna be the benzos, which doctors are becoming less and less hip to prescribing for sleep. Ambient, the senata lannesta stuff. And then over the counter stuff, like benadrill, maybe your occasional doxipin, and then people are often prescribed remeron for sleep, and they run into metabolic issues, and they need to get off of it. So if folks are showing up on 20 milligrams of volume or, you know, Sanxer, pick your favorite benzo, do you have them go and do a tapered detox with their physician before they come into the CPTI program? No, I have them do it with me. Most of the times, so you will manage the medical withdrawal on that? Let me explain exactly what I do, because a scope of practice, right? So first of all, I always work with the prescribing physician. I never start without making sure the prescribing physician is explicitly aware of what I wanna do. I talk with them. And this has to be one of your colleagues at UCSF, or whoever they're prescribing physician. Who ever is prescribing the medication to this person? We now share a patient and have an obligation to. Great. Every single time I have done this, the physician has been in support of getting their patient off of benzos, except for one time, which isn't even worth really getting into, but the point is, it's an overwhelming amount of support. Yeah, I can imagine. Most of the time, these patients have already tried to get their patients to quit, and to reduce. But in my opinion, they've tried to do it way, way, way too quickly. And that's because there are physiological dependencies on these drugs and psychological dependency, dependencies on these drugs. And we have to attend to both of them while we're doing this taper process, or it's gonna be a botch, and the patient's gonna relapse, and we're gonna be back at square one, or square negative one, unfortunately. So here's what I do is, I'll, let's take, can we take a boring example, pick your favorite benzose? I don't particularly like them myself, but let's take value. Well, okay, 10, 10 milligrams. Yeah, sure. So let's say we've got a patient on, a value them, they've tried to quit. They've occasionally abused, they've gone up, they've split in extra and half, they've gone to 15 sometimes. What not, the first thing that I do with a patient is, is they all right, we are going to get you stable. Actually, for sake of better example, for sleep, let's just put, put you ambient, because it's a little fun, and we can make more coffee. 10 of ambient, 10 of the night. Let's say 10 of ambient every night, the beginning of the night. And then let's say sometimes they're actually taking a fiber in the middle of the night when they wake up, because they wanna get back to sleep. Right, like I like the party dose. Right, right, so let's say there, some nights, it's 15, some nights, 10, what do we do? So the first thing I do is I take out the middle of the night dosing, and I say, we're done with that. You limited to 10 of the night, and you gotta take it before bed. Well, yes, you have to take it before bed. You've taken the same time every night, but if you're going 15, five nights a week, and 10, two nights a week, I'm gonna make it a 12.5 before bed. Let's be generous, start higher, right? So we'll agree on a dose that the patient will take and it'll agree to pun time. So the prescribed or an I agree on this, like, okay, same page, this with patients gonna do. And they start doing that. Generally, the patient's like, no, no, no, no, I'm trying to quit. I don't wanna take more, and I see no, not before you quit, it must be stable. You cannot quit from a point of instability. It will not work. I've seen people try. And people say, oh, I wanna quit. I wanna go from 10 to five. No, that's not how we roll. So let's say this patient's taking 12 and a half. And they're like, okay, I wanna cut down, I'm like, all right. Okay, so how does it going from 12 and a half to five sound? And they say, oh my gosh, that's gonna be really scary. I don't think I can handle that. And what I actually have them do is I rate it on a scale from one to 10. With 10 being the most anxiety-provoking upsetting thing and one being not upsetting at all. This is called a subjective units of distress scale. So it's okay, I have them suds it. So I say, okay, so going from 12.5 to five, that sounds really terrifying now, because they've just done a week, right, with our consistent with 12.5 at the beginning of the night, they've had no middle of the night crutch. And they're not feeling great about that, right? So then I say, okay, so how about going from 12 to 10? And they say, oh, not as bad, but that's still like a six on my scale. And I do this process all the way until I get them to a one. And I'll say, all right, so next week, we're going from 12.5 to 12. How are you even making that increment? Yes, I can tell you exactly how I're doing that. We're going on the internet and we are buying something called the gem scale. Now you and I both know that people who are wealthy and have gems worth measuring aren't measuring their own. So the people who are buying those scales are using them for other things. And so what my patients end doing is they buy these scales and they get a full blown, like, breaking bad setup in their bathroom. We're going to, okay, we're cutting pills, we're weighing pills, we're doing math because the pill actually weighs more than 12.5 because it's got binders and fillers. And what percent doing it, and we kind of make it fun. And they end up having to put the crumbly pill into a shot glass with water. We shoot it in the whole thing. We make a whole production out of it, right? But the point just is, they're going from 12.5 to 12. And we do that for like three weeks. They've been on it for years, we're looking at three weeks. And the first couple nights are a little rough. So they're only doing a seven week program with you, you're not. Oh, no. This table program, we make, and it will last a year, it'll make a long, it'll last a long time. So when they enter the program, it's a separate issue. This is a separate issue, and we do this after they finish CBTI treatment. During CBTI treatment, I stabilize them on their meds. And we just get it, so they're not erratically taking five different cocktails of things. When people come into CME for treatment, they'll say, oh, yeah, so Monday's I do ambient. Two states I do triad. So it won't Wednesday's has been a drill, because they have it in their head, because they think they don't want to get dependent on one. So they think they're by doing a rotating merry-ground of these things that, that's actually smart, I wouldn't ever even thought of that. Oh, yeah. Well, it's sinister. Working great. Yeah. So I generally work with the doctor, and we decide, okay, here's the one you're going to do. Here's the dose you're going to do, and you're going to be consistent with that. Let's see, vodka on Monday. And then Tequila on Tuesday, red wine on Wednesday, and then Shard and A Thursday, and this way I'll never become an alcohol. Oh, you figured it out, Peter. So in short, I have people really stabilized during CME and sometimes during week four, week three four, they're ready to start this, and we start them on this program. And once I have them in this way, they're able to do this on their own. So they'll go from 12 to 12.5 for like three weeks, and they'll be keeping sleep diaries. So they'll see, like, oh, okay, and they'll get some confidence. And then they'll email me, you know, if I message me and I'll say, okay, so now what? And I'll say, all right, well, how you feel? And like, how, what if we go down to 11.5? How do that sound? Like sometimes that'll be too scary. For some reason, crossing the five threshold is really scary, so we go from five to four, 0.75 sometimes. And just to be clear, this is psychological. They're can't possibly, a physiologic difference between four and 4.75 and five, and five, and a bandian. That's what, the medicine isn't even homogenously enough compounded within the capsule, to, like, yeah, okay. So as long as everybody understands that. Probably not. But, you know, it's a test. I'm thinking some of her tablets, and I don't know about the homogenes, I don't know about the requirement. Yeah, because the binder and the active ingredient are in no, like, yeah. And generic SB85% similar to the, to real deals, and there's all kinds of messups here. This is, remember how I said, there's the psychological part in the physiological part. This is the psychological part that I think it's left out of a lot of the, oh, just cut it in half to start decreasing your dose aspect, which is dealing with, okay, what can we physiologically do? I'm talking about what can we psychologically do? And do you think that this methodology of the incredibly slow taper with incredibly high precision? Do you think it works for opioids? So I, don't think I've ever seen that in my clinic, it's just not something I've had to do it. I don't know if it's for sleep. I just mean in general, like if we're dealing with people that are, or is the problem so grave that you have to be a little more aggressive? And switch them to a completely different class of drugs, like that's so far outside of area. Okay, I can't speak to it, but what I can tell you is just that doing this method with the sleep drugs slowly over time, people get more confidence, and they can make larger reductions at a time. And then importantly, Peter, when someone gets is tapering and something crazy in their life happens, like a child gets diagnosed with cancer, something terrible happens, we stop the taper and we stay where we're at. So your taper might look like this. Yeah. Right? But there's not a huge rush to get off this thing. You've been on it for 20 years. Better to stable you get off it. I always joke with people like, yeah, if you think, if you can lose 10 pounds in two days, how quickly do you think you can gain two pounds? Right? So when it comes to quitting these meds, slow and steady wins the race, having people gain the confidence that they can do it is such a big part of it. And I know that one of the critiques I've gotten from folks is like, wait a minute, some of these pills have coatings and dead, but it's a lot of it is psychological. So this works really well for a medication taper and people can do it themselves. There's no, there's no magic.