Is there a difference, for example, between the individual who can't fall asleep, you know, this initiation of sleep in Somnia versus the person that I hear much more about, and frankly, I experience more, which is, that's not that hard for me to fall asleep. But boy, I will jolt up at one in the morning with some thought or anxiety, that I can't get out of my mind. And my mind starts running and I can't go back to sleep. Or I get up because I got a P, but when I come back, I erroneously just do something with my mind where I get thinking about the day's problem or whatever. So do you think of those as difference or the same side of a different coin? Different side same coin, I guess I'm. Great question, great question. So those people need the same stuff. And the people who can't fall asleep at the beginning of the night, their mind's just racing earlier than yours. Yours is just waking you up. And there's a whole suite of interventions that are part of cognitive behavioral therapy for in Somnia, starting by addressing the racing mind issue. I always tell patients, if you don't deal with what's causing you stress or anxiety during the day, it's going to demand to be dealt with in the middle of the night. It's going to say, I noticed you're laying there peacefully, not doing any work or tasks. And you don't have anything you need to do right now. So you're going to pay attention to me. And it's going to demand your attention at that time. Other people, that happens right when their head hits the pill at the beginning of the night. Oh, you're relaxing. Okay, here's your 10 things to worry about. So one of my favorite interventions that's actually born of anxiety treatment, but that I've co-opted and I've moved into cognitive behavioral therapy for in Somnia, because it fits with the theoretical framework. It's something called scheduled worry time. This sounds a little bit panicked and silly, but hear me out. If a patient came to me and said, Ashley, like, I worry all day. I'm worried about all of these things. My life is just a constant ball of worry. And I said, okay, I've got a solution for you. And it's two words. Ready? Stop it. Yeah. That wouldn't work, right? Doesn't work. So I take the opposite approach. Okay, this is really important to you. This is something you're doing all the time all day. Guess what? What do we do with things that are really important to us? Make time for. We schedule them, exactly. So I have my patient literally get, we sit back in the day of paper calendars. This was like, this felt like a different exercise. Now, people get out their phones, but I have them get out their phone or whatever. I say, all right, we're going to schedule worry time. And it's going to be an hour a day for the next seven days. It is non-negotiable. I may or may not schedule an email to go out to you at that at the end of that time. And you have to go and reply to it and tell me what you did, right? And what we find is that when people work with this during the day, it does two things. The first is, let's say it's 9 a.m. and you are trying to do something in your life and instead a worry pops up, you can actually think, oh, okay, I don't have to deal with this now. I'm going to write this down because at four o'clock, I've got scheduled time to deal with this. So that way you're uncluttering the rest of your day by moving all of the worry into that schedule time. So this could be a valuable technique, even absent in Somnia. Totally. I would tell I'd say that probably between a third and half of my patients who come in with in Somnia, they've got some bad sleep stuff for sure. But for some of those people, it's a primary anxiety disorder and sleep is suffering also. Whereas other folks, it's primary in Somnia, that's driving them anxious, right? But to rewind back to your earlier question about the middle of the night versus being in it. So the other thing that's scheduling worry time does decides, unquuttering your whole day, is it helps you get it done during the day so that when your head hits the pillow, it's not there. Oh, I already worked on this and also the knowledge, oh, I have time set aside tomorrow to work on this or to think about this. So I don't have to do that now. And cognitively, this all makes sense and maybe think you can think your way out of this, but you can't, you actually have to try it. And I've done this with a lot of people I've done this with doctors, police people, all people from all walks of life can really find this valuable. The other thing when it comes to falling asleep at the beginning of the night versus the middle of the night is that there's sometimes low hanging fruit that we can think about. You mentioned getting up to go to the bathroom. I've found that for a lot of men who are 45 and up who still have a prostate, just not drinking very much fluid with dinner and after dinner is huge and also throwing an electrolyte tab in there can really help. Granted, it's got to be the right Osmalarity and everything else, but there are ways to find this. Don't slam gatorate at night. That's not what I'm suggesting, but just throw a noon tab or whatever elementy, whatever, electrolyte replacement and I've had some male patients go from waking up three times in the night to be to one time. And the fewer times you wake up in the night, the fewer times you risk not falling back asleep. So little things like that can actually make a difference for waking up in the middle of the night. The other one I have about the middle of the night is a little more out there but hear me out. If I had five cents for every time, I took away a downcomputer from someone and their sleep got better. I'd have like eight dollars. I mean, this is huge and this is because everybody's heard of circadian rhythm, right, but it's missing a word. It's circadian temperature rhythm. Right, your body is supposed to be its coolest at night and it's warmest during the day. And my favorite people to talk with about this are actually anesthesiologists. They know more about body temperature than anyone. It's remarkable. But what I've had the great good fortune of learning is that your body temperature, it's supposed to be the warmest during the day in the coolest during the night. And when we do things like trap heat with downcomferters, quilted nonsense, even cotton replacement dovet, if the word dovet isn't it? Comforter is in it. I like that's a no for me. And I give people a handout. I'm like, here's the definition of a cotton blanket. Here are links to examples of what cotton blankets are. If you are cold, buy two, buy three, use these. And I'm telling you, it's made a huge difference for a lot of women, in particular with night sweats. And people wake up less sometimes because they're not giving their body this message that it's time to wake up because they're not as warm. People complain about their feet in their hands and I say, that's fine, you can put your downcomferter over the foot of your bed. You can wear some socks, right? But I take body temperature regulation very seriously and sometimes it's a quick fix and we don't need a whole lot of moss and fuzz. Now you've probably tried to, this is a very long way to answer your question. But I'll finish after this. The people at the start of the night, it's worth asking people to start at the night if they're cold, if they're hands and they're feet are cold. If you've tried to fall asleep when your hands and your feet are cold. Yeah, I mean, I try to be comfortably cold when I get into bed. Right, but your hands and your feet. No, generally not. I mean, it's just my body. Right. But again, I'm using a device to cool me as well. It's slightly different. Yeah. Yeah. But spoiler alert, it's pretty hard to fall asleep when you have cold hands and feet. And what we have data on from some interesting research in a totally different realm is that people with extremity circulation disorders, like who have really grown hands or something like that. Right. Yeah. They will have more early in what we call early in Somnio, which is difficulty falling asleep at the beginning of the night. Yeah. And when they get successful treatment or when you warm their hands in their feet, much easier to fall asleep. The whole warm foot bath before bed thing. That's an actual thing. So warming your extremity is help you dump heat. Right. So when you actually warm your hands in your feet, you can actually help dump heat from your core because your vaso dilating. And when you fall asleep, you want to be dumping heat from your core. Hard to do that when your vaso constricted in your hands in your feet. So for folks who have trouble falling asleep at the start of the night, we want to make sure their hands your feet and feet are warm enough. Right. And that they've dealt with the thoughts and the worries during the day. And that they're not trying to go to sleep at nine o'clock when their body doesn't want to go to sleep until 11. A lot of people just think I need to have this much time and bed each night. And they get into bed and they struggle for two hours before their body actually wants to go to sleep. So a major part of CBTI is aligning when your body can produce sleep with when you're in your bed.