So basically, if there's a person with Type II diabetes listening to us today, and they're taking 75 units. That's very soon. That one of the takeaways should be, what do I need to do with my nutrition and other pharmacologic activities plus exercise plus everything that's under my control to maybe get that down to 35, where I would be at a physiological level? Absolutely. There are things that you're in already insinuated weight loss. If you can get people to do it, exercise, and then we can add medications in combination with insulin, insulin sensitizers or some drugs to help you lose weight that will also allow you to get that dose of insulin, you know, reduced. The other thing we showed in this study, Dr. Del Prado, who's past president of the European Diabetes Association, we took normal healthy lean kids, 18, 25 years of age. And we gave them, we put them on the clinical research center for three days, and we gave them a very, very low dose of insulin infusion. And we raised their fasting insulin from eight, which is what a normal person would be to 20, which is really quite low. And within 48 to 72 hours, they were as insulin resistant as a type 2 diabetic patient. So hyperinsulinemia induces insulin resistance. This is, why is that the case? So what insulin does is it down regulates the insulin signaling transduction system. So that insulin binds to its receptor and then it activates iris 1, pi3 kinase and a KT. That's just them is down regulated by hyperinsulinemia. All of this that I'm telling you about, it's all published. These are all studies that in in in in humans. And this also been shown in in in rodent models as as well. So this is another reason why we don't want people to be hyperinsulinemic. You have to explain that to me again, Ralph, that is mind-boggling to me. I would never, I would never have predicted that. So let me say it back to you because I, I feel like I missed it when I was writing something down. You took normal volunteers who had a fasting insulin of 8. Yep. And they're lean healthy. Okay. And you simply infused insulin in them, presumably with glucose. Oh yes, of course. On the clinical research center, we can monitor, keep the glucose perfectly Cons that we're not letting the glucose change. So person shows up in salineate glucose is 90. You do a you glycemic clamp where you bring insulin up only to 20. One and a half per, one and a half. Much less than, yeah, be when you eat a meal. Exactly. Not even a pros-prandial bump. Right. But now it's constrictively sitting there at 20. Yep. And you've obviously had to bring glucose. You're doing a few glucose to maintain you glycemia. Correct. Did you say that in four days, 48 to 72 hours. And these people are as insulin resistant as that due diabetics. Okay. Again, very, very counterintuitive because if our, if our model is that insulin resistance, which is the hallmark factor, contributing to type two diabetes in the combination of beta cell fatigue is driven by lipotoxicity, which we're going to come to. That's an important one. Yes. These people didn't have any of that. No, these people didn't have any of the intramyosolular lipid that we talked about with your colleague. No, Jerry Reven as a predisposing factor. It's the direct effect of insulin down regulating the insulin signaling system. And probably other distal metabolic within the cell as well. Okay. So then when you turn the clamps off, let's just say we ran this for 72 hours. Yeah. We've made them functionally diabetic. Turn the clamps off how many hours or they do that. What would you predict? I would predict probably within 24 to 48 hours they would return to normal because we did this acutely. Now, if we were able to do this for several months, then I would anticipate that the insulin resistance would remain for a long period of time. And remember, when we treat type one diabetics, we're always giving the insulin into the periphery. And you arrive when you ingest the meal, where does the insulin go? It goes into the portal vein. So the liver is seeing a high level of insulin. That's good. It says stop making glucose. But now it removes half of the insulin. So how much insulin gets into the periphery? Half of what you secreted. Why? Because we don't want the insulin in the periphery over insulinizing the periphery because we would make the muscle tissue very insulin resistant. So the portal, the pancreas, the secreting insulin into the portal circulation, liver disease, the insulin, good. Stop making glucose. But it also takes up half of the insulin. So less insulin gets enough to nourish the muscle. You're enough to shut down the fat, producing free fatty acids, but not enough to hyperinsenize the system. And in a certain way, if you're a diabetic and you are insulin resistant, or an obese person, and you are insulin resistant, and you're a hypersecrating insulin, it's kind of working against you because it's a reverberating system that's making the insulin resistance aggravated. So one of the big things that we've forgotten is that insulin, I told you, there are two problems in diabetes. One is, you know, I'm making an oven insulin. The other is your insulin resistant. You need to attack both problems. And the paper that I recently published, which is a perspective in Lancet Diabetes and the chronology, was to bring people back to look, we're focusing on obesity and weight loss and we should. But we need to remember that we still have a genetic cause for the insulin resistance. You know, you go back to 1950. You know, the incident to diabetes was 2%. I've seen even data that says it was 1%. As recent as 1970, it's very low. Yeah. But these people were all lean and they're insulin resistant. So there's a genetic cause of the insulin resistance.