Let's talk about the mechanism by which this is happening. My assumption, which I don't know if it's right or wrong, is that at least one of the reasons that BFR can produce so much hypertrophy at such low load is, is in response to the metabolic challenge that's posed. And so one of the things I was doing quite a bit was testing lactate levels with and without BFR. And you get it's very easy to demonstrate that when you acclude your arm, for example, will distill to that occlusion lactate is going through the roof because you're exercising that arm and you're not letting the lactate clear out of circulation. So pin-pricing my finger and getting very, very high lactate levels. And so, you know, that's obviously a metabolic byproduct of any time you're exercising and then especially when you're doing this type of exercise. And so, yeah, I could demonstrate that I had a higher level of lactate doing blood flow restriction than not, even when I was lifting slightly more weight and doing something traditional. What do we think, do we think that that matters in this equation? Do we think that that's partially driving this? Or what, and that's just one of the metabolites that we can measure easily. There's plenty that we can't. Yes, I would agree. I think that there's kind of two schools of thought. One is that the pulling of these metabolites in and of themselves is turning on some of these anabolic signaling pathways, meaning just the fact that you're pulling lactate around the fibers that that's able to activate growth. I used to be interested in that idea. We tried to test this using a couple different ways. We didn't find an advantage to doing that. So, we kind of started to say, well, maybe there's nothing to metabolize in and out themselves, but maybe it's what they're causing a muscle to do. So, in other words, maybe the way we think about it now is that as you said, you're exercising with blood flow restriction, the metabolites are being trapped. What we think is that they're augmenting muscle activation. So, they're causing the muscle to have to work a lot harder than it normally would, because you're pulling this lactate around it, and you might fatigue some of these cross bridges, so we have to recruit more and more and more and more fibers. So, that's where we think the benefit of metabolites is, is that they're basically inducing fatigue which then leads to further muscle activation, and muscle activation for a sufficient duration of time is the name of the game, at least in my opinion, for making a muscle grow. So, one of the big kind of questions always is, are the mechanisms themselves different from traditional exercise? If I do high load exercise, is that going to be a different mechanism than when I do low load exercise with blood flow restriction? And I don't think so, and I'll tell you why. I think that the mechanism involved in activation is different. But once the fiber is activated, all the signaling pathways from what I understand are going to be very similar. So, when we lift a heavy weight, it requires a tremendous muscle activation to even lift one rep. If you are trying to do a bicep curl, and you're only activating a small portion of your fibers, and you're trying to lift 70 pounds if your 1 orm is 100 pounds, right? That's enormous bicep curl. I'm really feel pretty pathetic here, yep, let's go ahead. So, choose any left, right? In order to lift that heavy weight, you need to activate a large portion of your muscle structure, otherwise the weight isn't going to move. Compared to low loads, where you don't need to activate the same amount of muscle fibers initially, because the weight is extremely low. So, when we exercise with low loads and bph, we're activating only a small amount initially, but those metabolites as you just got start to become trapped, and we activate more fibers, more fibers, and more fibers, and then by the end, we've activated a similar amount of fibers as we did with high load exercise. By the way, is there an order in that? So, if your 1rm bicep curl is 100 pounds, and then without, so with no blood flow restriction, you pick up 80 pounds and bang out, I don't know, 10 reps, 8 reps. Compare that with if you picked up 40 pounds and banged out 40 reps. What is happening from a fiber fatigue standpoint under those two scenarios? In general, we have what we call the Hennemin size principle, where you recruit type 1 motor units first, and then, as you require, based on the exercise you recruit, type 2 in addition to type 1. So, when you lift a heavy weight, you're getting to the type 2 is very quickly, because you need them. Whereas with lower weight, you're probably taking a little bit of time, but then you are eventually getting to those type 2 motor units. So, if the person in my example fails at 8 reps with 80 pounds and 40 reps with 40 pounds, at the, it's just that the 40 reps took a lot longer to burn through the type 1 fibers, and then the type 2 a's and the 2 a-b's, and then finally at the very end the 2x failed, whereas when he did the same exercise, you know, 20 minutes later at 80 pounds and failed at 8 reps, he just got, he did the same sequence, but he just got to the 2x much sooner. Is that what you're saying? Yeah, and the reason why I say that is if you look at, if you pull out fibers following training, type 1 and type 2 fibers, have both been shown to grow in both high load exercise, as well as low load exercise, with them without blood flow stations, so they both respond. Some people have suggested that type 1 might grow a little bit more with low load training, but I'm not, I'm not convinced on that yet. I think that it's probably very similar to high load exercise, although I see the thinking, but yeah, both of them will grow in response to both types of exercise. In general, at the extreme level, there's a bodybuilders, high-perter-feed, more explained by type 1 or type 2 fibers, or are they both massive relative to anybody else? Yeah, I would say probably the increase in both, although I don't, there's not one thing I can point to, that would suggest that for me, but I think that in response to training, my guess is that both of them would increase. I think you might be able to make an argument that people who might, again, go back to our argument earlier, who start lifting weights and realize, man, I'm actually able to grow quite a bit. Maybe they already had more type 2 fibers to begin with, which is something that is more responsive to loading. So maybe you can make that argument, but I think in response to actually, when a bodybuilder exercises, I would probably guess that both of them are going to grow both types of fibers.