If you were to consider a group of 10 individuals who are similar in most observable ways, externally, right? And you want all of them to create a new habit in a domain that is entirely foreign to them. Are there attributes of these people that would allow you to predict who is more likely to be successful? For example, does willpower, which might form the basis of the initial, you know, for lack of a better word activation energy getting over that hump the first few times? Does that factor into it? I mean, truth certainly I think I understand the science of willpower, so maybe we can spend some time on that if it's helpful. The answer is absolutely, but I'm going to caveat the answer by saying, there are certainly behavioral characteristics that make it easier for some people to understand how to change their habits and adopt new habits. There does not seem to be a great deal of evidence that there's genetic reasons to predict that. Now, some researchers will say there is slight genetic variations. We think that some people are more prone to willpower than others are, but it's so small and insignificant in comparison with the behavioral training that you have, right? The environment that you've grown up in, if you have parents who teach you willpower habits, if you're someone who is an athlete and so you have a team that's taught you how to push yourself a little bit harder when pushing yourself as hard, you already have an intuitive sense of how to adjust your own habits. And so as a result, if you're in a room with someone who has none of that background, they've never played on a team sport, their parents let them do whatever they wanted, it's going to take me longer to change that second person's habits because I'm going to have to train them more and the training just takes time. That makes sense. Okay, so it's not that one does herinability, yes, exactly. High environmental and behavioral exposure is absolutely. Absolutely. And the research is pretty consistent on that. This is an exact metaphor, but we can think of willpower as a muscle. And like all muscles, it gets stronger the more we practice using it, but it also gets fatigued in the short term. And so this is why if you look at a data on when accidents happen in surgery, they most often happen when a surgeon has been either in his second or third surgery or her second or third surgery or when it's a very long surgery. Right? They've been using their willpower for so long. They get fatigued. If you look at the number of affairs that happen among lawyers and doctors, they most often happen when someone has been at the office after 9 or 9 or 9 or 30. And for years people thought, oh you get to the evening and it's like kind of romantic. No, it's that after 9 or 10 hours of exerting your willpower in your office, your guard is down, your muscles weaker. And so when someone comes up and they kiss you instead of pushing them away, you kiss them back. Thinking about our willpower muscle, both strengthening it, but also protecting it when we need it, is critical to being able to be the people that we want to be. And so part of that then is recognizing when you're vulnerable. Yes. So you're, and I mean, you used an extreme example of having an affair, but also vulnerable to fall. So let's use a less extreme example of I really want to eat less dessert. Yeah, right. I really just want to eat less dessert. Well, it's just smoking. Okay. So it's a great one. It could be because James Prochaska at the University of Rhode Island has spent his whole career. And like the data that we have on smoking cessation is enormous. The vastly outpaces almost everything else. Yeah. So, but, but, Diane, right, you, or no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, yeah, yeah, yeah. So, okay. So let's talk about what happens. Nicotine, as you know, is an addictive substance, but we're only addicted to nicotine for about 100 hours after our last cigarette. By that point, nicotine is out of our bloodstream. Like, we don't have a physical dependency on nicotine. And yet we all know people who create, who smoked for years quit and they crave a cigarette a decade later after they have breakfast in the morning. Right. Let's, so I didn't, I didn't actually know that Charles. So four days after you smoked your last cigarette or had your last exposure to nicotine, you can go with longer have a physiologic need for nicotine. Yeah. It's out of your, you have, you have completed with withdrawal. Now, that, that is, that is, I mean, I had no idea of that, but what you still have. You still have the cue. You still have the, you still have the, you still have the, you remember the reward. Right. Exactly. The habit, the habit loop still exists in your brain. Like, if you have a, if you have a cigarette with every morning cup of coffee, as soon as you pick up that cough, cup of coffee, your brain is craving that nicotine. And that feels just like an addiction, a physical in fact, it's, in some ways, more powerful than a physical addiction. And so, so what, so what Prochosca did is he looked at how people quit smoking and this gets to the point you were raising before about learning. He found that on average, a smoker needs to quit seven times in order to actually quit. So, so committed smoker. Somebody who's been smoking for years, they will give up cigarettes seven times before it actually works. Which raises this kind of interesting question. What is happening in those seven times? Like, why seven instead of four? What's happening? What the research tells us is that the first time I give up cigarettes, I focus on willpower. Right. I say, like, I'm going to resist, I'm going to resist these cigarettes. I'm throwing them out. I'm going to change my environment a little bit. But all those cues are still there. The craving for the reward is still there. And when my willpower gets taxed, my mother-in-law comes to town, I've had a really tough day at work. My willpower is really, my muscle, that muscle has been exercised all day. That's the moment that I give in and I pick up a cigarette and I say to hell with it, I'm going to start smoking. And just to be clear is what happens when you have that first cigarette? Why can you not on that first cigarette go, hey, it was just a lapse. I'm exhausted tomorrow's a new day. Well, it's because you don't have a plan. Right. So you're caught off guard by this relapse. And as a result, it tends to shake our faith in ourselves, even if it's almost subconscious. It tends to shake our faith in ourselves that we can't quit. Now that's the first time. That's the first time. So I just want to interject here. This is something that we try to talk a lot to our patients about, which is, because again, we're not dealing with something that's as binary as smoking. Let's just say it's exercise and you're like, we've set a plan that you're going to do something for 30 minutes every day. And then you're going to have that day when you don't. What we tend to spend a lot of time coaching on is absolutely positively under no circumstance to you judge yourself for that day. And the next day just get back on the horse and don't let one bad day be to. And then it's fine. Because I think what we see is a lot of times a personal goes six days of an exercise, you know, of their routine, they miss a day, they beat themselves up and then they're done. They're like, well, forget it. I screwed up and or you know, it can happen in the reverse. Yeah. Well, and it makes sense, right? Because we're talking about rewards and positive rewards and negative rewards. I miss a day. And I start beating up on myself. I'm flooding my brain with negative rewards, with recommendations, with feelings of shame. My brain pays attention to what gives me positive rewards and negative rewards. And it's saying this exercise thing, it's a soccer game. Because if you do if I feel good for a couple of days, you're going to miss it. You're going to be a terrible laugh of when I miss it. So you're exactly right. We can't not engage in that self-laim. Well, this poor smoker, this poor smoker, his his mother-in-law, who nags him comes into town. His his willpower is exhausted. He's been dealing with their all day long. He grabs his. He lights up. Sneaks outside and shame. Yes. So here's what happens. You do that once you do that twice. You do it three times. Here's what's hard happening around the third or fourth time. And this is what gets to your exercise as well. Suddenly, people stop looking at it as a moral lapse and they start looking at it as a scientific experiment. Okay. Here's the data that I've observed. I do a pretty good job of avoiding cigarettes until something really stressful happens. So I need to ahead of time figure out when that stressful thing occurs, what am I going to do instead of smoking? Because if I don't have a plan in place, what's known as an implementation intention. If I don't have a plan in place, I'm going to pick up the cigarettes. So here's my plan. Instead of beating up on myself, I'm going to write down that the next time my mother-in-law comes to town, I'm going to have some sweet candy in the house. Because I know that I'm going to have an urge to put something in my mouth. I'm going to want some type of quick boost reward and sugar can provide that to me, the novelty of taste. I'm going to have that candy in my house. And when she's driving me crazy, I'm going to walk over pick up a piece of candy and go outside and eat it. So what happens is that over time the reason why it takes seven times to quit smoking or the reason why you're your clients and your patients, they have these moments of willpower failure, is because instead of looking at that as a failure, we have to look at ourselves as scientists who are conducting experiments and paying attention to the data. And my wife is a scientist and you're a scientist. So you know, if every experiment that a scientist does succeeds, they're a terrible scientist. Right? The goal is to figure out where it's succeed and where it fails and learn from the failures. We have to look at our own lives at the same way and say, I meant to go run today and I didn't. Let me try and figure out why. And then I'll come up with a plan for the next time. Next time this obstacle emerges. I know what to do without having to worry about. Is it the case you think that that people are able to kind of do that on their own or is this the enormous opportunity to to coach a person through that and say, you know, to create an accountability partner for example and say, look, I want to hear about it when you fail just as much as I want to hear about it when you succeed and when you fail, I'm going to direct all of the inquiry towards learning. What did you learn? What can you, you know? I'm Peter Atia. This podcast relies exclusively on premium subscribers for support, which allows us to provide all our content without taking a single penny from advertisers. I believe this keeps my content honest, making it a trusted resource for listeners like you. As a premium member, you'll get immediate access to our entire back catalog of AMA episodes and all future AMA episodes. You'll get longevity, focused premium articles packed with actionable insights. You'll get unrivaled show notes for each and every episode of the drive, every topic, every study, every resource from each episode, carefully curated for you. You'll get quarterly podcast summaries where you'll learn my biggest personal takeaways from the previous 90 days of expert guest episodes and much more. This journey doesn't have to be navigated alone. We can take these steps towards a better, longer life together. Become a premium member today at PeterAtiaMD.com forward slash subscribe to join me in a shared commitment to a healthier future.