What would you say to a person who's listening to us, who's trying to even understand if they've experienced trauma? Which sounds like a dumb thing to say, but let me give an example, right? So you have a person who's listening, who's either introspective enough to realize that there's some of those things we describe as the four branches of the trauma tree, whether it be codependency attachment disorders, some sort of maladaptive behavior, et cetera, addiction, maybe. They're like, okay, I mean, if I'm being brutally honest, I'm not flying on a perfect level, right? Yeah, and my spouse has complained about XY and Z, and there does seem to be a little bit of interpersonal discontent in this relationship, et cetera. Okay, fine. And then if they're, again, in a particularly charitable mood, they look at the kind of five roots of the tree, and they're like, well, okay, yeah, I mean, these sort of things happened. But they can't make the leap to say, but does any of that stuff actually rise to the level of quote-unquote trauma, even little T trauma? Like, is the answer just that I need to get my act together and drink a little less, you know, just try to be more present with my kids or, you know, whatever it doesn't matter what the fix is. But they're just not sure that going back and stirring the pot of what happened to them during the first 10 years of their life is going to be an exercise worth engaging in. How would you help that person decide that, you know, you're right, it's probably not worth stirring that up. Let's just work on some behavioral tools right now to address the behavior versus actually, I don't think you're ever going to truly fix these things until you go back to the root. I think that's a perfect way to approach it. So let's try that. You just, in your example, like maybe I should just do this less and do this more, all these behaviors. Let's try that. Let's put together a plant goal setting, okay? This is, you know, I'm coaching you. We're not doing an intervention here in the therapeutic intervention and then we, and if it happens, it happens, right? But folks who realize or already know that they have trauma or have been wounded significantly, sometimes I think the word just trips folks up and they just can't get over the word, right? It's wounded, right? Survivors, whatever we want to call these folks, they have a really hard time putting knowing into action, right? Like, I spent many years as a very well-informed prisoner, right? Like, I know all this stuff about why it is. I do the things that I do, but it's the putting it into action. The thing that you did said about the not doing, that's where we get to realize, hopefully it meant to self, if that's the fact when I come back to C.J. for whoever, well, the goal is still failing. For some reason, I just can't do that, right? Okay, well, perhaps there's something significant connected to this. Maybe something needs to be integrated, the part of you that is unwilling to do this thing that you say is the goal and the plan when you sit in front of me, that's who we need to work with. So how do you begin to do that integration, right? So, you know, let's go back to the example you gave because it's so profound and probably tragic where that four-year-old boy that learned how to manipulate and deceive to protect his mom has now carried that behavior into his marriage. So, step one is obviously getting to the point where we uncover that story and make the connection, which was an inner child is wounded, that inner child adapted when the strategy that was very positive. Everything about that strategy made sense, but guess what your dad is and kind of hurting your mom anymore because luckily she got a divorce and he's gone and you're now applying that same behavior pattern in relationships that I've nothing to do with the relationship and which that was developed to be protective, right? And he says, okay, I get it, Jeff. How do I change? Like what are the next steps? How do I go from the understanding of that to creating a new pattern of behavior? Because this is really wired. Yeah, these pads are heavily, heavily, violated at this point. So, in general, what we're gonna have to do is we're gonna have to expand your window of tolerance if you will to vulnerability, right? Because typically that protective behavior, again, the enemy is vulnerability. And so to create some muscle memory doing something different when vulnerable, not doing that same thing, okay? And when you talked about your experience at the bridge and you talked about what it would have been like if we had a taken away exercise, okay? Like, simply sitting still for some folks is a very vulnerable experience, right? And so to create an environment for that person can experience the discomfort. And that's why I think that within my work and a lot of professionals looking at individuals from a part's perspective, right? There's different systems, different theories, internal family systems, structural dissociation, but this language that I'm using. It's not necessarily new because it's like you're talking about, so this is original self, this wounded self, this adapted self, right? The adapted self tends to have some really hard line beliefs, right? Safety equals control, safety equals distance, safety equals self abandonment, safety equals somebody else, right? And as long as that part of self, right, has that core belief, I believe it's going to be damn near impossible to do those things that I know I should do, right? So to know that there are interventions that will fit that process within, the first question is, do you get issue with this? Right? Because I'm back to if you like it, I love it, right? Like, when a client is talking about, you know, they're at the bridge and they're there because they're spouse, you know, that their spouse is going to leave them, their spouse is finally fed up with it. And, you know, they've got all these opinions about it. So here I am because they said I needed to go to a place like this and you know, you're like, you know, it doesn't sound like you got a problem at all. What do you mean? I was like, it just sounds like you can keep being you. You just got somebody telling you now that they're not going to deal with it, right? So it might maybe it's the biggest controlling jerk in the world, right? So all you need to do is go find another dormant, you know? I'm just hearing you say your spouse is not. So you decide whether there's a problem there or not, right? And so this behavior, again, that's become the problematic behavior, how difficult it is to unravel and stop doing that behavior, again, tie it into the trauma, tie it into it being an ingenious, damaged control strategy at a time in life, perhaps. And perhaps done multiple times successfully, right? So, you know, there's a part of self that says, why not do this? We've been doing pretty well like this for a long time.