Okay. All right, let us move now into the really confusing realm of I show up in your office. I can't tell you what's wrong, but I show you a picture of me 10 years ago and I say, I want to look like that. And I should have brought a picture in of me so you could actually see it. But like, you've already described it without having seen the picture, right? I don't have bags under my eyes. My skin just looks better. Everything just looks better. Part of it is color. I will admit, 10 years ago there was no gray anywhere in my beard. We're not going to fix that problem. That's fine. But but aside from that, um, like, oh, and the wrinkles in my forehead, like, I noticed in pictures of me in the past, I had some wrinkles. Now it looks like I have a wrinkle farm. Right. So, so go again, go over the changes. Assuming I had that photo, how would you describe them pathologically? Or maybe that's too strong a word, but you know what I mean? So I think, um, there are three basic changes that happen to every single person with aging. And we've touched on this a little bit and we'll dive deeper now. So there's skin changes. There are volume changes. There are gravitational changes. Um, and maybe we should throw on the fourth, which is, you know, bone structural foundational changes. And so those happen to everybody. Um, when we see patients in our clinics who are presenting the way you've just suggested, we will spend extra time analyzing the individual nuances of skin, volume, boni, ligament to anatomy, gravitational changes that are specific to your face. Um, and then also we'll just rely on just general knowledge that we have about what types of aging changes we see at this point. And, um, it's a very complex process. I tried to analyze this a little bit before walking into this podcast today. Like, what am I actually thinking about when I'm starting to come, come and hit with the patient? As soon as I see the patient, while I'm, you know, making some niceties and saying hello and get to know them, I'm already analyzing. I'm already looking at their skin. I'm looking at the bone structure. I'm analyzing the facial proportion. I'm looking at areas where there's volume loss. It's obvious. I'm looking at the dynamic movement of the forehead and the face. I'm analyzing how much heaviness is on the eyes. It might be driving front towels, muscle tone, it's causing forehead wrinkles. I'll be, I'll be looking for facial asymmetries. So a lot of the, a lot of the physical exam that we do in our offices happens in the first 15 seconds, because we're just, this is what we do. And it just happens quickly in our mind. It's a blank moment. It's that blank moment. Yes. You lit it for me. I know what I'm going to do on them. Yes. Yes. The urologist doesn't have this advantage. Right. He can't, you know, examine the prostate and the scrodoltissued during that first 15 seconds. Very good boy. Yes. So, so we do that, um, when we walk into the room, that analysis already happens. And then, because I've already got that sort of snapshot anatomic analysis already in my mind, then the next step that I'm doing is, and I'd love to hear what your process is, Susan. But the next step is I'm now going into their mind and trying to understand their psychology and what their motivation is. And the problem that we have is that the patient doesn't know what words to say. Yeah. They're like me for them to communicate what's actually driving them. Yeah. And so I have to pull that out of them. This was a little bit of detective work, um, a little bit of background. Um, my parents are both psychiatrists. I actually went to medical school thinking. I was going to go into psychiatry. And then I rapidly pivoted into surgery and it up where I am. But that initial love and appreciation for what's happening inside the neuronal processing and subconscious is something that we actually work with every single day in our offices. And so, um, so the next step that happens in a consultation is, I would say, hopefully. I mean, to me, that's a, that's a great thing. But I, I don't know. I, and not to be a downer. I, I don't know that that's true of every, you know, person who is, who is dealing with with aesthetics. I would guess there are a lot of people who are just kind of doing this in a coin-operated way. Yeah. Yeah. I think you're right. Unfortunately, there is a, there can be a tendency to take a cookie cut or approach where you recognize this and there's a, it's a knee jerk reaction. There's wrinkles on the forehead and jack bowtocks. You know, there's gels do a facelift. That's not the way that we should be practicing aesthetics. Every single individual has a totally customized situation anatomically physiologically and psychologically. And so our job is to try and figure that out when the patient doesn't have the ability to express. So, sometimes it's almost overlaps into pediatrics, which is something that I know you've got some history with in, in surgery. But, you know, you're trying to do a physical exam and get history from someone who's unable to communicate what they're actually able, what they want you to figure out. And so, we'll all start asking questions. You know, did you like the way you looked when you were 20? If they say yes, that means that they actually like their natural facial proportions and they're probably looking more for a rejuvenation. But if they say, you know, I always had a heavy eyelid and an ever-couped makeup on Rye. Then I know that there may be looking for something that's a more substantial result in that particular area. That's just one example. And then I'll try to get to know them from just what are the, what kind of, what's their occupation, what's their situation at home? Do they have kids? Tell me a little bit about your life. I'm trying to understand their social history to see if there's any red flags that would stop the process and say, okay, this is not the right time to be considering aesthetics. You got to get your mental health in order before we proceed, which is something that I would, you know, very openly telepacient at the right time in the consultation. But if a woman came in and said, my husband is leaving me, right, which is unfortunately probably not an uncommon thing. And let's make it more extreme, right? A 50 year old woman comes in and says, my husband of 25 years is leaving me for a 20 year old, understandably she's in derress and she's probably comparing herself to a 25 year old. Would that be a non-starter in your mind? So the scenario you described is actually very common. Yeah. I see this kind of situation all the time. And then and this is why a schedule 45 minutes or an hour for initial consultations. Because once we start talking about that, tears may start flowing because the patient is now in a safe zone, talking to a medical professional is actually listening to them. We were talking about time in a cook before. And so then we start to fall into the role of a therapist and we're letting them express because I want to see how deep is this trauma? I'm trying to understand, you know, is this something that is now a non-starter or what should we do here? Because there are scenarios where someone is in that kind of scenario situation where we certainly would not want to make any drastic moves or big changes or shifts. But is it appropriate to recognize that this person is, you know, desiring something that is a reasonable goal, but the current emotional state is not appropriate to do the procedure to get there. So maybe we say, look, let's do something irreversible. Or is we do something reversible? Yes, exactly. Because the fear, sorry to interrupt, but I'm guessing that the fear here is if you say no to her, she's going to find some guy down the block who will do anything. And it's better that you do something small and develop a relationship with her that will ultimately serve her interests. But you can't give her everything she wants at the moment. Is that a fair assessment? Very well said. I, that is exactly right. We're trying to build that trust and build that relationship on the front end so that this individual who's trying to get from A to B, we're going to take them there safely. Whether it's, you know, over a couple of months or 10 years, we're going to try to get to that goal and there may be some obstacles along the way and choices that we have to make will navigate it together. And it's all built on building that relationship on the front end. So the trust exists where I can tell the patient, we are not going to do this maneuver right now. And then that patient will listen to me because the trust has been built up enough that this individual knows that I have their best interest in mind and we're going to get to that goal eventually. And so, so yes, this scenario that you're describing, the individual might be best served with, okay, look, I think we can get there one day with procedures. But right now, I'm going to refer you to a therapist. You have a lot going on your life right now. Let's do some simple things that we're not going to regret like neuromodulators and fillers and some skin treatments or lasers, things that are low risk, they're not going to create any scars or permanent changes and then we can eventually get to that next step. We're not going to do the face lift next to correct. Yes, that's on hold. So, so, you know, the first step is we do this kind of snapshot anatomic dynamic analysis. This is not just a single image, just we're looking at the muscle movement and then the second step is this deep dive into the social situations, psychology. And then, presuming that everything's kind of moving along smoothly and now we're getting ready to talk about what we're, you know, what should we do now? Then I'll spend time educating the patient on their actual anatomy because they've never actually had that information presented to them. Right. So, I will put the mirror in front of the patient and I will say, let's go through what I'm seeing with on your exam today, together and we'll start at the top and I'll go through every little detail and I'll throw in little caveats like, I'm sorry, I'm not trying to make you feel bad about your features but you're here for me to tell you, so I'm going to tell you everything. We're going to talk about your bones, we're going to talk about the wrinkles, we're going to talk about the asymmetry you never noticed, which, by the way, is almost always the case. People don't notice the race symmetries and so we point out these asymmetries to them. And then, after that, kind of, you know, relatively, you know, lengthy discussion about their individual anatomy, then we'll start to say, okay, now you initially told me that these are some of the errors about are you? Here's what we could do to fix your eye region, your cheek, your mouth, your gel, whatever it is, and I'll present typically options that go from minimally invasive to more substantial and based on how the individual is responding to the conversation. I can usually, at this point, 20 years in my practice, dial in, like, what is the appropriate scope for this patient? They don't really know whether they want to face the turn-out. Maybe I need to explain them the complications where the incisions are, so they really understand what that procedure means. And then, if that seems like it's too much of them, we will dial it back and I'll have to tell them, look, we're not going to be able to get the results of a face of a lot of faces, but I don't think you're ready for a face lift, so maybe we should start with something smaller and kind of taking baby steps. And then, just to conclude, usually we'll end up finally telling the patient what they showed up to here, which is my opinion. And that won't give them my opinion about what we should do until we've gone through this whole process. And I've watched their body language as we've talked about procedures, sometimes I'll suggest something that's minimally invasive and they seem uninterested because it's not enough for them and I'll read that body language and kind of dial in the treatment for what I suggest for them. And so that'll happen at the end of the consultation, typically. So I know that was a long answer, but that that does, I would say, describe my typical consultation. How about you, Susanne? Yeah, pretty much everything that Tanish said. And I was so glad to hear that you talked to the patient about their mental state at that time too, because we do a lot of almost like psychology in therapy with our patients. If they open up to you, then that's an honor to you and you have to take that and you have to help them through that issue. And my I have a psychology background as well. So it's biology and psychology double major in schools. And I find that I use it a lot. It's so important. But I approach patients very similarly, but I try to put things in terms that they can understand. So I tell them there are the five hours of rejuvenation. And it doesn't mean they need all of it at that point in time. But at some point in their life, they're going to need one of them. And no, make it through all all five. And that is, we need to relax over active muscles. And I'm showing them on their face, the movements. I will say we need to refill lost volume, whether it's through fat, grafting, which is still one of my favorite procedures to do, or refilling with fillers. And I tell them we need to resurface the skin, because to me, how the skin looks is absolutely much more important than how tight they are. So patients sometimes come in. They're like, I just want to lift here and they want to lift their lower face. And their skin is terribly wrinkled and they have hyperpigmentation and sunspots. And I'll tell them if I lift you now, no one's going to notice that you look better. But if I make your skin look better, people are going to notice you look better before I even do the surgery. So we have relax, refill, resurface. We need to do redraping. So there are going to be times that you can't lift in as I fill enough. You have to lift. So they either will lift with devices, such as micro-needling radiofrequency devices or ultrasound devices to tighten the skin or a face lift just some sort. So those you need to do. And then what people don't realize my fifth are is that you have to keep renewing because the aging process continues. And the minute they leave their office, everything you just did on them looks great and they start to diminish. And that's what we talked about a month. That's what we were just talking about. The renewal was the maintenance. Absolutely. So you have to keep renewing because otherwise you're going to lose that benefit. And what do I mean by renewing? You definitely maintain your neuromodulators and your fillers, but they have to be strategically placed. You don't need a lot of fillers. You need to keep the skin priming itself and turning over. And so you can achieve a lot of that at home. And I think people underestimate how much they can do at home with their skincare regimens. And then have to do less than the office. And that's my big emphasis. Do more at home. And then let us do an office a little boost here and there afterwards. And so those five hours make it very easy for these patients to comprehend. And they might not need all that. Yeah, for at some point they're like they're going to have all of us. Five. Five. Five. I'm Peter Atia. This podcast relies exclusively on premium subscribers for support, which allows us to provide all our content without taking a single penny from advertisers. I believe this keeps my content honest, making it a trusted resource for listeners like you. As a premium member, you'll get immediate access to our entire back catalog of AMA episodes and all future AMA episodes. You'll get longevity, focused premium articles packed with actionable insights. You'll get unrivaled show notes for each and every episode of the drive, every topic, every study, every resource from each episode carefully curated for you. You'll get quarterly podcast summaries where you'll learn my biggest personal takeaways from the previous 90 days of expert guest episodes and much this journey doesn't have to be navigated alone. We can take these steps towards a better longer life together. Become a premium member today at Peter AtiaMD.com forward slash subscribe to join me in a shared commitment to a healthier future.