But why don't we start with a softball like NSAIDs? How do they work? Everybody's heard of Adville, you know, a leave, neprox and all of these things. What they do is a couple of things. They reduce some of the inflammation and their anti-inflammatories. So I was alluding very briefly that there are substances that can be released down in the periphery during injury that wind up that no seceptor. And amplified. Prosthig landins, histamine cytokines, interlucans, all of that. This inflammatory soup that occurs after every single surgery, every single injury that we experience. You get this inflammatory soup. And it's classically mediated by swelling, redness, temperature increases. And aspirin and a cox to an hip or end said, do a nice job in reducing that inflammation. Now, this is where medical science, you're going to probably be much more informed on me and form than I am on this. But medical science has been slowly shifting in its view with this. We have historically thought, take these medications in an acute injury. It knocks down that inflammation. And all is well and good. Well, some of the data was coming out in the orthopedic literature decades ago that people who were taking NSAIDs during total joint replacements were getting non-fusion of that joint to the bone. They were getting failures. And then more recently, there's been some question as to whether knocking down the inflammation is a good thing after all that may be that inflammation is part of the healing process. And that by giving an NSAID, aspirin, we're delaying the natural healing effect and causing more problems. So where's the truth? This is tough. One, I don't think we have the whole story yet on the NSAIDs. Two, I'm a gray guy, meaning I don't live in black and white. And I'm also appreciated that every medical field has their own lens that they look at in the world. And I think we have to appreciate the complexity of the patient, meaning if it's perhaps something minor and they can get by without the NSAID and it's not going to change significantly the level of function and maybe not taking it will improve healing. They can't get out of bed. They can't go to work. But an apperson helps them to do that thing so that they can engage with their family, with their friends, with work. Well, then heck yes, take the NSAID. You know, if it's helping with that, level of functional improvement. Now, are you talking about this through the lens of a cutepane or only through the lens of chronic pain at this point? Little both. But I think through chronic pain, we start to introduce all the broad or the longer term negative consequences of this. Impact on blood pressure, your heart, impact on your kidneys with long term NSAIDs. Particularly if you're older, I remember I think it was in your book. You took Viox. Yes. I loved Viox. I did too and I still remember the day in, oh God, it must have been December 2001 when the FDA came down and said no more Viox and I looked at my last bottle and I was like, oh God, no. I stockpiled it. I wish I did. I called up all the drug reps I knew because it couldn't give it out and I'm like, can you just hook me up? And so I ran out of stockpile of that for a long time and this is another classic thing if you cut this if it's too tangential. But every field looks at the problem through their own lens. Here you had a drug that was causing heart attacks. Well, I mean, in the world's most susceptible individuals that are relatively small, absolute rate. At the top right, it has discussion, okay. Okay. It was like mistake. Negative. That was right. Absolutely. Net negative. So yeah, because I've always won. Works is faulted. They should have been much more transparent about this. Yeah. Put a black box label on it and we should all still have access to them. Stocks and 50 milligrams use the 25s and you're right. Don't give it in susceptible people and I think it's a class again. Yeah, the baby got thrown out with the bath. That's right. And it's a class, you know, we all do this. We look at the world or our own particular field. It's like with the latest blood pressure guidelines, the cardiologist want it really low. But it screws up the kidneys. And while the cardiologist say, you know, save the heart screw the kidney. And so yeah, a great drug, wish it was still around. Why do you think there hasn't been any drug that's come close to that? Like, celibrex is a joke. Like none of the drugs that are in the... That's a trot. Had a valdecoxib, I think it was a little bit close. But I think if I remember it, had a Steven Johnson, a bad rash with terrible consequence. I think the drug companies get scared of the lawsuits. Oh, so NSAIDs, new ones around taking the version. Do you have a version on dos? I mean, do you say 800 milligrams of, of ibuprofen TID three times a day, 2400 milligrams would be, you would tolerate that for how many days if a person needed it. Yeah, you know, week to two weeks on that. Make sure you read this. Yeah. Food and the stomach fluids. If you're either older, you've got kidney issues. You've got GI issues. Talk to your doc first. You know, don't just go into this stuff blindly. Yeah, it is interesting that we can buy acetaminophen and ibuprofen over the counter. And yet they can cause a ton of damage if not taken correctly. I mean, the ERs see people with acetaminophen Tylenol overdoses and, you know, cause of, while you know this is... It's a liver filler. Now, let's talk about acetaminophen for a while. When I last tried to understand it, there was no clue as to how it worked. Do we, to this, to this day? Do we understand how it works? Menomely, more information. And I haven't, in full disclosure, I haven't read up on it a lot. I know it has some cycle oxygenase. One impact, a lot of it is thought to be central. I haven't tracked it much beyond that. I saw some interesting, the side studies where it seems to have some impact in the brain around emotional modulation. And so there's a degree of emotional blunting on acetaminophen. Now, whether it translates into a real world or if it's just an experimental manipulation, I don't know. But there's a nice synergy with acetaminophen and ibuprofen because different mechanism of action, different organ systems are impacted. So you can take less of each when you combine them. What's your take on that? I think you just set it, Peter. I mean, you set it beautifully. I use those in combination to get the two for, to get that synergy, the one plus one is not two, but three. So you can take Tylenol historically. We would say up to four grams a day. More recently, there's been some push to try to reduce that to two grams a day. Clearly, if you've got liver dysfunction, if you are drinking large amounts of alcohol less. Yeah, my go-to stack, if I am actually in pain, like if I'm having a year ago, I had, I had to get a crown replaced. Or sorry, I had to get a crown put on a tooth that had an old filling that broke. And it's the funniest thing because of how remarkable the teeth are at sensation, but the crown was a little too high. Okay, so what's the impact of that? That meant every time I took a bite, that one tooth was bearing the brunt of it. It was the last tooth I had, but right in front of my wisdom tooth. And I'm talking to my dentist, and he's like, yeah, Peter, it's just too high. Just come in and let me shave a little bit of it off. Well, I didn't have the time to go in. So for two months, I did not go in to get this thing shaved off. The pain was, this is how stupid I am. Like, I couldn't spare the two hours to go to the dentist in a, and he was willing to see me nights and weekends. This is the most accommodating dentist in the world. Everybody should have that kind of dentist. Tony Pachaco, I can't say enough about him. And yet I couldn't make the time. So for two months, the pain got so bad that I eventually couldn't chew on that side at all. So my point is I had to be taking something to get through the day. And the stack that worked was 400 of Adville 500 of Tylenol three times a day. Okay, so, Jeremy. Now let me ask you, does I be a pro-f and work better for you than an a person? I don't know, but the reason I prefer it is that I can line up the dosing with the Obsita Menafin because I believe an a person you only take once a day, right? Twice a day. Twice a day. You're right. Yeah, I wanted something where I could do a TID instead of BID. Sure. The reason I ask is I find huge individual variability in response to hand sets. Okay. Napperson works beautifully for me at 500 twice a day. I'd be pro-f and not so good. But what dose? 800 three times a day. Wow. Yeah, with food and water. Are there types of pains people should be thinking of where these things work especially well and other areas where, yeah, that's just not going to have much efficacy? I don't find it as effective in neuropathic pain. It might take a little bit of the edge off. No susceptible pain typically as you go to. You're kind of your no susceptible or your no susceptible inflammatory pain that kind of pain you'd see in a joint. Those are your typical go to forms of back pain, particularly in acute situations, but also somewhat in chronic. And you know, I get a lot of patients that say, yeah, that didn't do it for me. But if you inquire and ask questions, you find maybe it knocked it off a little because in our game, we're trying to knock off pieces and pieces and pieces of their pain experience. The issues with the different responses are very individually based. And I think in part, it has to do with a little bit of what we call pharmacokinetics or where the drug is getting and different inseds confirming a different tissues at different rates. So you're saying, maybe we should be empirical. In other words, try the nepox and try the ibuprofen, figure out which one works. Obviously, don't take them together. Obviously, don't take them together, but your take on message is spot on. Do you have a concern with people taking a seat of benefit and consuming alcohol? Do you tell people to refrain from alcohol when they're taking time on all? I tell them no more than I just said a conservative. Listen, don't do more than like a drink a day. You know, is at the right amount. I don't know. But if I tell them one drink a day, they'll go do two. And they're probably still okay with that. And then I am looking in their chart just to make sure they're not drinking for a, and there's liver issues. What do you do? I typically, when I'm taking a suit of benefit, I don't drink much anyway. I'm probably going to have four drinks in a week. So, meaning four days a week, I will have a drink over three days a week. But if I am taking time on all, I'm just going to refrain. Again, I don't have any evidence to suggest that that's necessary. But it's probably the safest. It's the precautionary principle, it's finest.