Okay, so let's just walk through how IVF works and then we'll kind of dive into the ins and outs of some of the nuances. So a one comes to you, probably she's progressed through some layers of treatment, but you know, you've collectively come to the decision that this is hands down the best opportunity both for success and, you know, risk. So how does the treatment go? Yeah, so typically we do a bunch of screening tests on both partners. I include some blood tests, seamen analysis and ultrasound to get some assessment of their egg number, the woman's egg number. And then when the cycle starts, takes about two to three months to complete a cycle of IVF. And when you say egg number, are you determining that through an AMH or through a physical examination of the ovaries? But so we do an ultrasound, we can count the number of follicles. How small are these things? You know, a few millimeters. And you have the resolution to see that on ultrasound. Yeah. Okay. And that gives you some sense of about how many eggs that particular patient will produce with a variant stimulation. So anyway, when she's ready to start cycle, everything usually starts with their period. Usually we depending on the age again, but usually the patient starts on a couple weeks of birth control pills. And what that does is kind of suppresses the ovaries because we want all the eggs to kind of go up the same rate. Yeah. Stop the pill. Then you start the gonadotropans, which are this. That is injectable. Yep. And they're injectable. Just under skin kind of injection. So meaning HCG and FSH. Not a HCG, but primarily FSH. Okay. The little bit of LH. Okay. Okay. So you're on those for about eight to 12 days. And then every few days while you're taking those medications, you have to come into the clinic for ultrasound monitoring and astrodial levels, blood levels. And we can monitor how many follicles are growing, how big they are, etc. Usually medications are pretty well tolerated. Typical symptoms. Most common, I would say, is bloating as the ovaries get a little more enlarged. There's a small risk of something called ovarian hypers stimulation syndrome when the ovaries get a little bit too stimulated, but that's exceedingly rare. Usually your signs is happening. We can always back down on the dose. Sometimes patient doesn't make it as many eggs as we were hoping. So sometimes we have to increase the dose or change the protocol. But usually we guess pretty right. And then once the follicles are certain size, that's how we know the eggs are mature. Because of course we can't see the eggs on the ultrasound. You can only see the follicles that continue at the right. So then the patient gets H-C-G, which is another medication which kind of simulates her own L-H surge and the purpose of that medication causes the final maturation of the eggs. And if we did not do an egg retrieval, she would release all those eggs. But of course we time the egg retrieval to happen just before the woman ovulates. So that medication is very time sensitive. And do you harvest the follicles in the philopion tube? You need to re-enter the ovaries. In the ovaries. So the egg retrieval happens two days after the H-C-G trigger. Wow. I would have thought it would have taken two days for her to 36 hours specifically. So she usually takes it in the evening and then the retrieval is the day after in the morning. Okay. So when it comes into your office, a day, two days later. And like, walk me through this. So you layer on a table, you've got an ultrasound on her ovary and you're literally putting a needle in there. Well, first of all, she's asleep. Filet asleep or just local sedation. Yeah, yeah. So this is done in a surgery center, typically. Okay. We're clinic with anesthesiologists present, IB sedation, proposal. So it's like a colonoscopy or dental extract. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. All done vaginally actually using the ultrasound. In that day, there is a needle that's guided by the ultrasound that goes through the vagina into the ovary. So you're looking where you are and with the ultrasound and you're using the needle to puncture the ovary, get into the follicles. And the needle is attached to like a vacuum suction. And so the fluid and the follicles collected goes through the needle into the test tube. And then that test tube is handed off to the embryologist. They look under the microscope and try not to sleep the egg. Okay. So how long does that procedure typically take? I'm happening. Okay. And you've got the embryologist next to you and here she is under the microscope, going check, check, check, check, check. Yep. And here she is validating that you indeed are getting ripened eggs. And they look different presumably, right? Like those are easy to identify under a light microscope. Basically they tell us they got eggs. We don't know if they're mature yet we know nothing about them yet. I see. But long we get the eggs. They go to the lab and then the rest of the process happens there. So in the retrieval we're just aspirated and all the follicles try to get as many eggs as possible. Got it. Tell me the time course now and how you move from retrieval to fertilization. Right. So then the eggs are sitting in the petri dish in the lab. So the embryologist transfers this to the media. Yep. Few hours later the eggs are inseminated. So with conventional IVF, we just put a bunch of sperm in there and let the fertilization happen by itself. With XE or interstitoplasmic sperm injection, the embryologist takes a single sperm and injects it into each egg. And the only time you get you need to do XE is if the sperm is so dysfunctional that it can't even on its own with no barriers make its way to fertilization when placed in direct proximity even egg. It probably could but maybe there's two few sperm. So anytime there's a male factor, we tend to do XE. Any male factor you just need to do XE? Yeah. Yeah. And in fact, a lot of times it's done even when there isn't a male factor because fertilization rate is a little bit higher with XE compared to IVF in very few cases. You don't get fertilization so you don't want to bind out. Oh, by the way, your sperm can't fertilize your egg. That's the whole problem on long because then you got to get a lot of sperm. I think that's the way to get it. So for again, for a couple listening to us now, this is something they need to be talking about with their fertility doc which is, hey, do you do XE out of the gate no matter what? Or yeah, it's a little controversial because it adds cost. How much cost? You know, it's probably another thousand dollars or two thousand or something. Probably a thousand. Okay. But so the data to be clear shows that XE and IVF have similar success rates for non-none. Male factor. But I'm just telling you that a lot of times we're doing it anyway because we don't want to find out small, very small percentage of cases that have zero fertilization. That's like not a conversation. Oh, that conversation. Yeah. Because you've lost those eggs too. Right. Right. So that's part of the reason that we do it. So by the next day, usually we look at the embryos to see or the eggs see if they're fertilized. Usually about 70% of the eggs fertilized. So let's say we get 10 eggs. You can expect maybe seven of them will be fertilized in another seven embryos. So we discard the unfertilized eggs, continue to culture. Okay. So how many days you go to 14 days? No. No. No. Five days. Okay. Six days. And depending if we're doing a fresh transfer or freezing the embryos or fresh transfer weeks. So you'll take both, right? We do both. Yeah. So time we're freezing because you're doing genetic screening because we're doing genetic testing. Okay. So let's go through that exam. Okay. So we're cultureing these embryos in the Petri dish for five to six days. Then we look at them again. The ones that have made it to that stage, which is usually only half of them. So remember, you're seven. Now maybe they're three or four. So what explains that? So most likely the ones that didn't make it are the chromosome. We have normal ones. Remember, we talked earlier about those ones. Not making it. Well, the items. How long does it take? Typically to get the genetic results back? Typically within a week or two. Okay. And what depth of genetic testing is being done here? Are you doing whole genome sequence? Or are you just looking at a handful of SNPs that are pre-identified as the ones that matter? Yeah. Good question. So it's evolved over time. And I should say it's still very controversial because there's always a risk of harming the embryos. You're only looking at a few cells. So is it really representative of the embryo? I mean, we do it a lot. And the data definitely shows that if you transfer normal embryo, it has a very high chance of implanting. But the issue is recently has been, are we discarding embryos that are maybe normal? Because we think they're abnormal based on the genetic testing, but the genetic testing is flat. So personally genetic testing is really easy to identify and your ployedie. It's a chromosome analysis. It's geared up to do that, right? Okay. Right. So most of the time we're using something called next generation sequencing, which is, you know, very high level sequencing, but it's not whole genomes sequencing. So you're getting, yeah. And you're looking mostly at chromosome abnormalities. Unless you know that the couple is a carrier for some genetic mutation that you also want to screenplay. Yeah. So let's say one of the parents, well, this would be a bad example. But cystic fibrosis, like let's say both patients. So both of them have our carrier for CF. And so there's a one in four chance that you're going to get two copies of CF. So then you're looking directly for this CF. Exactly. Exactly. Exactly. Exactly. Yeah. There's a whole bunch of them, right? And part of the screening, we didn't mention it, but most people doing IVF will get carrier screening to see if they're carriers for any genetic mutations. That's a pretty common scenario where you have two people that are CF carriers, neither of whom have CF. They most of those people would say, I'm going to do IVF because I don't want to take the chance that might kid. Okay. So let's just say you know, you harvested 15, you fertilized 10, seven had good morphology. Six came back genetically good. Okay. Those would be reasonable numbers. Yeah. Seven is high. Yeah. So five came back genetically good. Let's say, okay, young person. Yeah. So you got one third of what you harvested, you could implant. You're saying each of those is 70 to 75 percent success rate. And yet you would only implant one at a time. Yeah. Which is interesting. Because if you implanted two, let's do the math. You're talking about 50 percent chance. That's right. That's right. Exactly. Yep. Twins. You got risk. Yeah. I mean, you know, obviously, you know, we believe in patient economy, patient usually gets to make that decision. But you're going to make the case for where this one is. No, no, no, no, no, no. You want to help the baby in the end. You want to help the mom. Yep. Okay. So now let's talk about, um, not it's time to implant. So how does that process work? So that process is much less complicated, but equally important. So usually does it's time to write it has to happen at a certain time in the cycle. So we either use the woman's natural cycle to time it and time it at the time that implantation would normally occur, which is like the second half of the cycle. Or we use what we call a controlled or programmed cycle where we basically give the woman the hormones. And then again, time that transferred to happen at a specific time. The actual process kind of like a pap smear. It basically doesn't require any anesthesia or anything. We do do it under ultrasound guidance. So abdominal ultrasound. We saw one of the embryos, draw it up in a little catheter with a little syringe on the end. Place the speculum in the vagina and then just pass the catheter through the cervix and we're looking on the ultrasound for the placement. And where are you implanting it? About 1.5 centimeters to 2 centimeters from the top of the u-race. And then are you done or are you still doing ongoing hormone therapy? Sometimes we give supplemental progesterone, that's another hormone that helps maintain the pregnancy. And then usually 12 to 14 days later, the patient has her first pregnancy test. Hopefully she's pregnant. We usually follow the pregnancy for the first few weeks. And then she transfers to her non-harbid. That's what? Yeah. Wow. I was just kind of amazing that this all works. Yeah. I've been doing it for 30 plus years and I still find it fascinating. I'm Peter Atia. This podcast relies exclusively on premium subscribers for support, which allows us to provide all our content without taking a single penny from advertisers. I believe this keeps my content honest, making it a trusted resource for listeners like you. As a premium member, you'll get immediate access to our entire back catalog of AMA episodes and all future AMA episodes. You'll get longevity, focused premium articles packed with actionable insights. You'll get unrivaled show notes for each and every episode of the drive, every topic, every study, every resource from each episode carefully curated for you. You'll get quarterly podcast summaries where you'll learn my biggest personal takeaways from the previous 90 days of expert guest episodes and much more. This journey doesn't have to be navigated alone. We can take these steps towards a better, longer life together. Become a premium member today at PeterAtiaMD.com forward slash subscribe to join me in a shared commitment to a healthier future.