Is it possible to say anything about fertility rates changing over the past 50 years? Is there any statement you can you can make on that? Yeah, there are some data that seems to suggest that infertility rates are increasing over the last several years. It's pretty common. I don't know if you're listeners know, but about the lifetime risk of infertility for each person's about one in six. So that's close to 20%. In the last few years, the United States seems to be kind of a plateau of the prevalence. But as far as the reasons for the increase in infertility prevalence, it's not super well understood. Part of the reasons delayed child barriers. But to say you could make it 100% if every woman decides to have a baby when she's 70. By definition, you look like 100% for fertility. Yeah, exactly. Exactly. Yeah, so women are waiting longer, of course, to start their families, to pursue education, careers, etc. Maybe they haven't found the right partner. And so that definitely is contributing to increased rates of fertility. There's some data that show that sperm counts are decreasing globally. It's a little controversial, but that might be plain and roll. There might be a slight increase risk and sexually transmitted diseases as well. So all those things are probably factors. But do we know if a 30-year-old woman today has a higher rate of infertility than a 30-year-old woman 50 years ago? We think so, but I don't know that data of top of my head. I got it. And so if the answer there is yes, we would then, I don't know that it would answer all our questions because it could still be explained by decreasing sperm count. It could still be increased by increasing paternal age. This would be very difficult analysis to do. Right. Environmental factors as well. Our exposures are different now than we're 50 years ago. Well, and then the question, of course, would be if this is an environmental reason, what are the environmental triggers now? You mentioned STDs a minute ago. So how do STDs in which STDs play a role in fertility? The ones most well-earned are probably gonorrhea and clemitia, which are very common sexually transmitted diseases. And on the female side, those particular infections can ascend to the phlopian tubes and cause scarring in the phlopian tubes, which then interfere with that process that we talked about earlier or the egg and the sperm meeting and can lead to infertility. And is that something that happens if it is left untreated or is that something that's easy to address with antibiotics if caught early? I mean, if it's caught early, then it's usually treatable with antibiotics or there are some issues with antibiotic resistance, especially with gonorrhea. But usually if you catch it early, it's treatable. But if it's late stage or it's unrecognized or untreated, then it has more likely more likely to send to the phlopian tubes where usually cause fertility problems. How prevalent is gonorrhea today in the US? I think it's pretty common. I don't know. Really? Yeah. Yeah. In certain populations is more common than others. But, um, yeah, unfortunately. And there's a number of reasons for that. Some of it is just lack of awareness and education about safe sex practices. Maybe less testing as well, especially we saw that during the pandemic for sure. How does it present? In women usually with pelvic pain, fever, vaginal discharge, those are the most common symptoms. And is it equally transmissible from male to female to male? It's probably more transmissible from male to female. Okay. And is it, is it an STD where the person who has it knows it? Like if a male has it, does he know he has it? No, it's not. It's not. It's not transmitted this readily. Yeah, not always. Okay. What about HSV? Does that factor in fertility at all? Not as much. No. And, Climity, again, I apologize from my ignorance. I just don't remember any of this stuff since taking, you know, the USML leads. Yes. Tell me how Climity presents and how it impacts fertility. The same, actually. Yeah, very similarly. So, pelvic pain, fever, usually they're both present together. Okay. And does it have the same pathology where it creates, it ascends the phalopian tubes and scars the tubes? Yeah. So, if, if, if, worst case scenario, if a woman undergoes a severe infection with one or both of these, it's not treated in time. She has completely scarred phalopian tubes. Is it still likely that she could get pregnant through IVF or the eggs still? Yeah. Genreal, is the, are the eggs and uterus still preserved enough to? Yes. Yes. It doesn't usually affect the uterus or the eggs or the ovaries. Yes. Now, she may not know that she has blocked tubes until she starts trying because you wouldn't necessarily feel different if your tubes were blocked. So, one of the tests we were talking earlier about, you know, what testing we might do in addition to a cement analysis and getting menstrual history, et cetera, is we usually do an x-ray test that's called a hystrocell pingogram or HSC for short. Yep. And it's done specifically to evaluate whether or not the tubes are open. So, are you just injecting contrast in, you go, I assume you do this externally, you go into the sermons into the cervix, into the, and you just inject dye and take an x-ray. Exactly. And you're looking for how smooth and so tell me what is a normal phalopian tube look like on that test. So, first the dye, so it's done in radiology facility usually by radiologists, although some gynecologists do that, it's this test as well, but usually fills up the uterus so you can also see the uterus. And then the tubes are kind of like these wire like, yeah, what's the diameter of a normal phalopian tube in that setting? Like, less than a centimeter. Yeah. That's, that's pretty big. Yeah, the whole tube, but the actual sort of opening. No, yeah, how big is the lumen? My crons. Oh, wow. Okay. Or millimetres. I don't know. Exactly. But you can see it, definitely see it on. Yes, right? And you can see it. Well, you can see it. It's probably a millimetre or a little bit, and not my crusher. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. And then the dye is filling up the tubes and then spilling up the tubes so you can see that. The ovaries are not visualized because of the finger like projection. So it's actually spilling dye into the perennium at this point. Right. Okay. Right. And based on that visual inspection, a trained radiologist and gyn can say that is smooth, that looks great versus that is jagged and or obstructed. Right. Now, if it's obstructed, I assume that the woman has a much bigger problem, which is every month, one of those eggs comes out. It's not getting past the point. Right. Is it just atrophy and get reabsorbed? I see. So it wouldn't necessarily cause pain. So let's say you do the analysis. And I assume if you, if there's scarring on one side, but not the other, would you intervene or would you just say no, we just have to. It's just going to take twice as long for one to get through. Yeah. There's still a chance to get pregnant, although whatever process call caused the scarring in the one two probably affected the other tube as well. So just because it's open, doesn't mean that it's functioning normally. Certainly can give, give it a few months of trying. But the other issue you have to worry about is what we call an ectopic pregnancy. If that tube is not normal, if fertilization happens, that embryo can implant in the tube. And that's kind of a very dangerous situation. Because obviously the tube can accommodate a pregnancy so usually eventually that causes pain. And if it goes unrecognized. So surgical emergency. Yeah, exactly. At how many weeks of gestation is a woman typically? Because that's, you know, I did my training in general surgery. So that was one of the things we were always thinking about was ectopic pregnancies for women presenting with abdominal pain. But I don't think I know the answer of this question, which is how many weeks of gestation is a woman when she's showing up in the ER complaining of abdominal pain? Usually about six to eight weeks pregnancy. Two months pregnant. Right. Now, remember we time? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Pregnancy from like two weeks before ovulation. So she's, you know, but at times she recognizes she's pregnant. She's already a month pregnant. Yep. So in the next month, it's probably the most common time or are those, ectopic pregnancies present. So when a woman has an ectopic pregnancy, can that philopian tube be salvaged? Sometimes, sometimes if you recognize it early, it can be treated either medically or surgically and that tube can be salvaged. If you recognize it late in the tube ruptures, then often time the treatment is to just remove the two, especially if it's not functioning normally. Yeah. So when you remove that, let's just say it's a young woman. She's 25 years old. You can't salvage the tube. You end up taking the tube. You're leaving the ovary. Right. So you still want her to have her endocrine system intact. Right. What's happening to the eggs that come out of that tube? They just get released into the abdomen, puritanarmon resort. So do you tell that woman your fertility rate just went down by 50 percent? Kind of. Yeah. Yeah. She can still get pregnant if she has the other tube in intact, but most of the time, if the egg ovulates from the right, it's going to try and go down the right side. Although there have been cases where you can ovulate from the right ovary and it can travel down. It makes it's way over to the left. It makes it way over there. Yeah. It's rare. Wow. But it could happen. Yeah. What are the risks for ectopic pregnancy besides former STDs that lead to scarring in the tube? Previous surgery, pelvic surgery, in particular, like ruptured appendix or something like that, endometriosis, concuss scarring of the tubes. Those are probably the most common. I'm Peter Atia. This podcast relies exclusively on premium subscribers for support, which allows us to provide all our content without taking a single penny from advertisers. I believe this keeps my content honest, making it a trusted resource for listeners like you. As a premium member, you'll get immediate access to our entire back catalog of AMA episodes and all future AMA episodes. You'll get longevity-focused premium articles packed with actionable insights. You'll get unrivaled show notes for each and every episode of the drive, every topic, every study, every resource from each episode carefully curated for you. You'll get quarterly podcast summaries where you'll learn my biggest personal takeaways from the previous 90 days of expert guest episodes and much more. This journey doesn't have to be navigated alone. We can take these steps towards a better, longer life together. Become a premium member today at PeterAtiaMD.com forward slash subscribe to join me in a shared commitment to a healthier future.