Well, let's pivot for a moment to talk a little bit about the amount of psychological trauma that exists in the patient with lower back pain. And I'm thinking very specifically, even about some of my own patients or friends who have been in the throes of lower back pain. And if nothing else steward, I take a great degree of comfort from the injury, the third injury that I had the one in 2000, because it lasted so long and because it was so debilitating and because I'm here today without pain, my confidence around small recurrences is so high that I don't tend to awfulize about it and work myself up. But I have great empathy for a person who doesn't have that knowledge. And instead, I don't know how to help someone sometimes because I can't tell what is mind and what is body at this point. And I suspect that there's a significant interplay. So can you speak more about this phenomenon? And what those of us who want to help these patients can do? I am certainly much more conscious of the point you're making now than I was 30 years ago, absolutely. I'm going to start with a little story. But this happens very often. You mentioned earlier how MRIs don't show you the mechanism of pain than I can give all kinds of reasons why. But let's take this patient. He came to see me and he said hi doc, I hear you're different. I've got this pain. I've been everywhere. I went to the pain clinic. They gave me narcotics. And now they say the pain is in my head. I can live with the physical pain. I cannot live with someone telling me the pain is in my head. Because that means I'm crazy. And if I'm crazy, I don't deserve to live. You've got two weeks. And in two weeks, I'm blowing my brains out. Now there's a heavy psychosocial challenge. And a little bit of a story about what the system does to people. And it's not unusual for someone to come here suicidal. So I said, all right, you don't appear to have pain right now. And he says, no, I don't. And I said, OK, what causes your pain? And he said, well, it's when I do a certain movement that I get a flash of pain. That feels like someone has broken a beer bottle and have ripped open my hamstring muscles. It's awful. I said, oh, can you show me the pain? And he said, what? You want me to show you how I create the pain. And I said, it's the only chance I have to understand it. I said, you've been to 15 different clinicians. He says, no one ever asked you to show them the mechanism of your pain. And as I know, whatever it touched you, he says, no. I said, well, it's the only way I know Peter, I put on my instrumentation, which was muscle EMG over the torso, the glutes, et cetera. We put on this fine motion on her 3D motion, it's fine on her. And then I said, all right, let's see what causes this. So he stood there and he did a very weird thing. And he said, all right, well, here you go. And he wound himself around in a circle like this. And he got to 10 tucked at center. Oh, no. Now at that time, I heard like a little cavitation, little paw, come out of his back. And that was the brap of the sciatic nerve. And he was in a bad ways. You know, I laid him thrown on a table, tried to give him a bit of decompression. And he went home. And I said, I know exactly what the mechanism of your pain is. Here's what you should do over the next three days. But I want you to come back, but promise me you aren't going to do anything silly. Remember what the threat was hanging over us. He said, I promise. I called him that night. I called him the next day just to make sure. Then he came back. And I said, I know exactly what your mechanism is. As, and here's what the data showed, as he was winding himself around, he was using muscle, muscle, as stiffening, and stabilizing. It's centrating of the joints. And as he got to top it, send me shuff all his muscles off. He completely relaxed. And then there was a little shear translation or a clump. And that's what we heard. And that's what strapped the sciatic root. I said, OK, you have no pain. Push my fingers out. Error. Good. Hold that. Now talk to me and keep talking to me with that controlling. And we focused on through this in a minute. Very simple. I said, oh, keep the tone now. And we're going through. And as he came to top that center, you could see it. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. I said, we're there. Do it again. Hold on. Keep control. He didn't clunk. Now let's talk him about four months to wind down the ache. But he never had another clunker at drive. 10 years later, he brought his daughter to me. And I saw her for back pain. And he brought me a case of beer. And he said, I said, you know, I did my one year follow up with you. But how have you been? He says, fabulous. I said, did you ever get another episode? Never had one. Now some people will think that that's a fantastic impossible story. P, after one close, close and gave him, he was so coachable. And he got it. He understood. He was a mechanical mind. You know, he never had another acute episode ever. And so think of a suicide case from the medical system, not having a sufficient evaluation procedure to really get at what the mechanism of his pain was to a point where they defaulted and said, we've tried everything with you, it's not working. Therefore, the pain is in your head. So it was a process of understanding the mechanism, giving him a strategy to address the mechanism. And the psyche just changes. It empowered him. I'll give you one more story. Absolutely. OK. I was giving a lecture in England. And there was a fellow off to the side. And he was slumped down. Now if you get a clinical psychology textbook, the picture of depression is this. He used to get a slumped down in that demeanor. Now if you have a posterior disbolge, that is not a position to be. So they were starting with clinical depression, beating a disqualch. So you don't go together. And then in the break, he came over to me. You're a very quiet spoken fella. And he said, I hear what you're saying. Do you have 30 seconds for me to tell you my story? And I said, sure, I used to be a police officer. I heard my back. I went through the NHS system that they only gave me exercises that hurt me more. Finally, they gave me a pamphlet. How to live with your back pain? And he said, that book destroyed me. What? I have to live the rest of my life with my back pain. And no one's ever touched me or shown me any of this. And I said, oh, and then you'll remember that spot procedure that we went with the older woman that I described her. I simply showed them that. And he went back and he sat down on the chair. I said, tall. And then at the end of the lecture, I went over to him. And I said, how is your pain? And he stood up. And he said, it's gone. And he started to cry. Because he realized now what the system had done to him. In the meantime, he lost his job. And he realized that he'd been stolen from. And those are his words. He said, they stole my career from me, giving me that book out of live with my back pain. Why didn't anyone show me what my pain was like? You just did in 30 seconds. And it was just, I've been watching this pattern for so many years. You could see it a mile away. Anyway, those are two stories to link the mechanics. And ultimately, what we're trying to do is to empower people in showing them they have the ability within themselves. They just need to understand the mechanism. And most of the time, they are able to mitigate the cause and then build a robust foundation. So I wrote back mechanic. And people would come, I started the experimental research clinic at the University of Waterloo. We were the only clinic, maybe you heard of this. But I've never heard of another clinic where they follow up with every single patient that they ever saw. We did a two-year follow-up with every single patient who came in and we subcategorized them because we assessed everyone into the mechanism of their pain pathway. We gave them an appropriate exercise prescription. We followed up to see, did they even comply? Because some people didn't. And then how are you doing after two years? If you were in the subcategory that everything has failed, you've been told you need surgery. So you're at the end of the road now. You're a surgery case. In the two-year follow-up, following the plan that I just described for you with this thing called virtual surgery, which is part of it. 95% reported that they avoided surgery and they were glad that they did. So that's my efficacy to the empowerment and psychology issue. I don't know if that answers your question. Sometimes I get a little bit, I try and create a logic flow. I hope that works. Yeah, I'll tell you what stands out to me the most in those stories Stuart is your consistent, adamant drive towards understanding the mechanism of the pain. So it's a, how do we break this down into a physics and biology problem? And I guess my question is, where, which type of healthcare providers are most in line with that? I'm Peter Atia. This podcast relies exclusively on premium subscribers for support, which allows us to provide all our content without taking a single penny from advertisers. I believe this keeps my content honest, making it a trusted resource for listeners like you. As a premium member, you'll get immediate access to our entire back catalog of AMA episodes and all future AMA episodes. You'll get longevity, focused premium articles packed with actionable insights. You'll get unrivaled show notes for each and every episode of the drive, every topic, every study, every resource from each episode carefully curated for you. You'll get quarterly podcast summaries where you'll learn my biggest personal takeaways from the previous 90 days of expert guest episodes and much more. This journey doesn't have to be navigated alone. We can take these steps towards a better, longer life together. Become a premium member today at PeterAtiaMD.com forward slash subscribe to join me in a shared commitment to a healthier future.