People ask me all the time, hey, you know, I understand Peter that as I my work load increases, my production of lactate increases and as my production of lactate increases, my capacity starts to fall off because as lactate goes up, it's buffered by a hydrogen ion or it's married to a hydrogen ion, and that's what creates the acid part of lactic acid. And it's that hydrogen ion that's causing all the trouble. It's not the lactate. It can consume, we can tolerate endless amounts of lactate, and we can't tolerate, and lactate is crucial in the metabolism. Yeah, we just can't tolerate the hydrogen that comes with it, and it's that hydrogen that actually paralyzes the act in myus and filaments prevents them from disengaging, and that's what leads to that seizing up that you feel, the rigidity you feel when you're at, and when you exceed your lactate threshold. So the question then becomes, what can I buffer this? And everybody in the brother talks about, hey, what if we, you know, took lots of tons, you know, anything that we could get sodium by carbonated into our systems? My looking at that literature, which I haven't done in a while, was that this strategy didn't really pan out, that there wasn't really a great way to orally ingest enough by carb to make a difference. Obviously intravenously, you could, but that's probably illegal anyway. I mean, I don't think water would permit that, but even if you weren't concerned with that and just asking the theoretical question, unless you're on a stationary bike, it's not practical to have an IV drip of bicarbonate to buffer your hydrogen. So what is the state of buffering agents to reduce and lessen the impact of lactate as lactic acidosis? This is a little bit of a complicated domain simply, unlike all the other simple domains that are discussing today, yes. No, the, the, the reason for that, I've been very fortunate over the last decade to be involved in, like, at a lot of edge case researchers, plenty that, let's say, we are maybe year, we are, or not maybe, we are years away before this will be published, not necessarily because we don't want to publish any, but, but there just remains work to be done. You have to understand it. And for example, again, this is also a place where, where we have some indications now, but where some of my colleagues, they have actually also tested on larger population, but Gustas highs view to max actually is done under bicarbonate utilization. How? But Gustas. How? How is it in the minister? So, so the way it was administered is that there's a company in Sweden called Morton, and what they did, this is actually something that is going to be studied now also in actually in, in health, let's say, or let's, in medical settings as well, because it actually has some quite interesting applications there too. But how this was administered is basically that it is packed in a hydrogen, and it allows you to buy, so you get rid of a gastric P, you bypass the gastric pH and you get it into the intestine. That's in, using the same mechanism. You basically pack your, let's say, the agents into a vehicle to deliver it where you need it more efficiently. So this means that we can go to concentrations that are significant. What have you seen is the difference in his lactate tolerance within without this buffering? So this is a place, again, where obviously the sample size is still limited. I didn't him. Yeah. In a super, in a world class elite athlete. So the interesting thing there is that here we have two different cases, and that's for example, I have some athletes that have almost twice as high lactate concentration in the blood when they're using. So this is why I said, we're opening a kind of, yeah, did the deal. Yeah, did the, of lactate buffering? Yeah, exactly. Because we also have them to remember because then we have to come back to the technology where we measure and where it's called again. So this brand is called Morton. Morton. Morton salt. Well, yeah, yeah. Well, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's written and, and now, our T.E. and Morton. And they basically are, like, people go crazy over the gels and everything in during races. They have a gel that is actually based on the same principle. So actually without, we open up that box as well. But basically Christian Gustav sits comfortably in the eating 160 grams of carbohydrates per hour and basically this is then quantified using as it'll traces as well. So they don't only eat it and it starts packing up in the stomach. It's moving. They use the use. So this is a commercially available product. Yes. We're using it. And what, is there any sense of why some people find like Gustav seems to find huge benefit from it? Sounds like Christian does not? Well, I wouldn't say that Christian doesn't, but it depends a little bit on, let's say, dissecting we are using it in as well. And Trotland is inherently complex in the sense that you have tree sports that you put together and we're very, very intenseity or the things that are happening there, which makes it a little bit more complicated. And then there also is some benefits, but also, all that's, but can also potentially be disadvantages with it. But the benefits that also comes with it is that actually also increases your plasma volume fairly instantaneously as well. Simply because you're just pulling, yeah, you're pulling fluid. Yes, that's why it's. But the studies early studies that have done on this and then which will be published on this, basically shows that there's a positive effect of using, using by carbonite now or using, for example, the molten product. We have studies now on larger population, done by some of my colleagues, which indicates this. And then on top of that, but what I would say is that we don't fully understand why it is like this. It's a one interesting one interesting hypothesis I presented to the to the to the to the research group is that if because on one side what we think is that, okay, this, this, this increases the buffering capacity. So we, we think, okay, if it increases the buffering capacity, then you can basically do more, then you can go more anaerobic or tap more into anaerobic or glypholic resources. Because one thing that we are fairly sure about is that you never gonna run out of glyphogen. Really, like you come to a certain level and the body will rather start to sense that it's really, really low. And that's why you shut down. You don't shut down because you basically depleted every gram of glycogen in your body. That's one. And then the order of preserving mechanisms. That's easy to verify with a muscle biopsy at failure, right? No, the problem. No, the problem with that is that even in muscle biopsies, you will see that if you basically do sampling just across one muscle. So you do not know what's going on. There's a lot of control. Yeah, that it's so hee to genic that even in well trained accuracy. So if you, if you wanted to do it, you would need to biopsy multiple times, multiple side simultaneously, or even make somebody radioactive and start to do nuclear, or a magnetic reason. Resonment, yeah, measurements on people. So it's something, it's so impractical to really study that you have to go more by, again, coming back to, for example, first order principles. Like, for example, looking at gross efficiency and then calculating that's basically how much subsidier using basically is already involving inaccuracies to it. That's why you just have to sometimes just say, okay, we're going to look at auction consumption, versus a, let's say, mechanical power output. And then you just say, we don't care about whether that's RQ correlates to this value. You just have to have the raw values. But back to the bi-carbonate, bi-carbonate, and so on. One way we can, one way, what we can observe, for example, is that when we do blood gas and analysis, so when the athletes are exercising, so true, all basically along the protocol, we are taking blood samples to look at basically pH level in the body. And what is interesting to see there, even for Christian, he does not have a doubling in his, like the concentration. So Christian have almost unchanged, almost unchanged, like the concentration in his blood level of exertion. Yeah, whatever, even all of any given power, any given power. So the interesting thing here is that the interesting thing here, that is that for this, is easy to think now that when an athlete has double, they like the concentration of blood, then it has to be double the contribution from the glycolysis. It's not. We have to remember, we measure in the blood, this is a concentration metric, and the state can be completely different, all the places in the body.