So how old are you, Mike? 40. Okay. I know I look 50. Not where I was going. What would you look like now? I'm going to just pause it. I'm guessing that you have good genes. Well, you train very hard and you're using enough antibiotics, steroids, to fuel a small country. If we subtracted that last one out of the equation, because I don't have a sense of what the relative contribution is, what would you look like if you did everything the same minus the antibiotics steroids? Or if you if you run like regular TRT, you were taking 100 milligrams ofcipient A to week. How much of a do you have a sense to quantify how many pounds lighter you would be in terms of total muscle mass? Me personally or the average. No, you personally. Yeah, I want to get a sense of having had use steroids before. High doses are not having ever had used them. Oh, very good chance. Yeah, good question. Let's do both. Yeah, let's do both. So let's assume you when did you start using high doses of antibiotics? Or when I was 27 years old. Okay. So let's say we go back to 27 years old and we put you on the same path of doing everything you're doing in terms of your training intensity, all of the scientific principles that come into it, et cetera. But you've just you've never gone down the path of taking mega doses of steroids. And if you've ever taken testosterone, it's literally to bring a hotel to you up to 800 nanograms per year. Yeah. After at this body fat, I would probably weigh about 200 pounds versus 230 versus 230, versus 230, 235. Okay. Not 35. I know that's a lot of muscle. A lot of muscle. Yeah, but I would still be very jacked. I mean, before I had ever started taking antibiotics, steroids, I was already an elite power lifter. I weighed 270 pounds at probably 30 something odd percent body fat. But I probably, I've dexed myself in a master's program when I had been totally drug free. And I had a hundred and somewhere between 175 and towards the end of my drug free era close to 185 pounds of fat free mass. For someone who's five six, like myself, though, if anyone asks I'm five nine. So your FFMI would have been north of 30. Oh, not quite. But up there. Yeah. FFMI for folks not familiar with it is fat free mass index. So it's total fat free mass and kilograms divided by height in meters squared. And just for reference, you know, it's pretty hard to be above 25. Yeah. I'm likely. Unlikely. So that's right. There suggests kind of some interesting genetics that you were probably 29ish, 2829. Something. It's easier to do when you're really fat, though. But I have, but your ALMI was probably very high as we're all in business. I have very elite genetics, not swagger. It's just stating a fact. Anyone who sees this on video will notice that my head is curiously shaped like my massification muscles are absurd. I looked like this before I ever took any steroids. I have a picture of myself on Facebook from the side before for sure. I took anything. And I was like, holy crap. I usually wasn't bald back then, but I shaved bald. I was like, yep, they were. Those weird, mass-dicating muscles. And so yeah, I was kind of built for the ship. But also, I got plenty out of steroids, but not as much as some other people. Some people without steroids are not overly jacked. But with steroids, it's a total transformative event. And then when they retire and they come off of steroids, they're like, holy shit, did you're back to mortal-sized? How? Where's other people? Come off of steroids. And they keep most of their muscle mass. And they're on TRT. And they just look so jacked for forever. Huge, huge variation. But for me, steroids did a lot. But nothing crazy. I didn't gain 70 pounds of muscle. But I gained ya 30, something like that for 13 years. And then what? And so now the reverse question, which I guess is tomorrow you just decide, you know what? I'm going to keep doing everything I'm doing training wise. I'm going to gradually taper this thing down until I'm just, because at this point, you're going to need to be on testosterone throughout your life, I assume. I don't have to be. My testicular shrinkage has been zero. My spermatogenesis is seemingly zero. And so people just don't suppress your, and you're, how many times a week, a year, you completely completely off any in a ball of agent. Zero. And how many years has that been? 13. I find it hard to believe you would continue to make testosterone. Huge, legionatically variable. In addition to that, even if I make not making any now, within several weeks, my my testosterone production would likely resume. Now, if I had balls of size of capers, yeah, you'd be like with uphill battle, most people can resume normal testosterone production after the cessation of metabolic endogenic steroids. But not all, maybe like 90, 10. You don't want to be that 10, which is why it's a huge thing for me to say. Don't just start steroids or TRT without a real long heart think about what the hell you want out of life, especially if you have yet to have children, but want children, because I know people personally who've done one of two things. I know people who on full steroid cycles. During that time, fathered children, I now call my friends. The real humans, I can point to and be like you're a steroid baby. The freak you're doing pissed. I'm kidding. Obviously doesn't go into the germline cells. The other thing is I know some people who you blast it for a long time cannot have children. Try everything. It's just not in the cards. There's dramatic genesis. It's just gone. Yeah, I don't. I can't imagine it's 90, 10 though, Mike. I cannot imagine that 90% of people that use antibiotics derives for more than two years would be able to resume. I made the incorrect. It's gone from production. I would look into it. I think that most of the stuff you hear about how the comeback is difficult. This from people for whom the comeback is difficult. And having been in the bodybuilding powerlifting space for a long time, most people come off and they're just normal after. Almost everyone knows it's come off completely. It's just normal after. So when do you think back to the original question, if you were to come off today, how much of the call at the 35 going down at regular TRT? Not super tiered. Correct. You went down to 100 milligrams a week or none if you were able to make that on your own. Sure. Of the 35 pounds of Delta supplemental muscle, how much of it would you keep you think? About half. Yeah. So in other words, there is a difference between the muscle you gain versus the muscle you never had. Huge, which is why if you have a natural bodybuilding Federation that allows you to compete after you've used steroids is not a share. Yeah. Yeah. Now, let me back that up. If that's the explicit rule of the Federation, I don't like that it call it a natural Federation. I respect every athlete and I think it's wonderful that they're doing what they're doing. And in a sense, it's a very different category. So it's cool. If I was making a natural bodybuilding Federation myself, you would have to sign paperwork that says, I've never used antibiotics. Because the literature we have now on how much muscle you gain and keep forever is unequivocal. We even have mechanistic data on how it happens. Your satellite cells that are incorporated into your musculature, which are kind of dormant and then they get in and then they grow big. We have no reason to believe they ever leave. It's like, you know, living you're letting your act come live with you for a few weeks. And like, Rosanne Lind is here for forever. Here's our children. It's like that. So having done higher doses of engines ever for weeks or longer on end can give you a higher level of muscularity, especially, well, actually only if you've gone beyond your natural limit. People generally can gain only so much naturally and only so much on steroids. Starrers are unlimited for games. If you were going to ever have 160 pounds of fat free mass, and if you went from 150 to 160 with steroids, but you could have gotten there and would take you three times longer without steroids than the inherent advantage you don't have because you just got their faster. But if you got to 180 on steroids and then you quit all the steroids and now you're back down to 170, you could walk around and maintain that 170 on a normal secretion of testosterone and a normal TRT. You would have never been able to do that without the steroids. So it's a permanent advantage. If you've been hyper muscular from steroids, you will probably never be as small as you would have normally been ever again. And that's a big deal. Very, very big deal on Olympic sports because you can just kind of hide out. Don't get into the doping pool, crank it, get into the doping pool, you drug free, but you have muscle that will never leave you. That's a massive advantage. Yeah, sure sounds like it. Not that anyone ever does that.