What are you seeing that you're worried about? What trends do you see that people are doing from a biohacking, longevity standpoint that have you concerned? Either, and I'll put this into buckets, the higher bucket would be safety. The second bucket would be predatory behavior around, basically people getting, you know, having their money wasted, even if the agents that are being sold are not necessarily harmful. Yeah, I think the first one, I'm excited about Jean Therapy. Don't get me wrong. I think it's interesting, and it may really change the feel going forward. I even kind of like Palestine, but I'm Palestine is a protein. Yeah, but I think that those treatments are not very well proven yet. And I would not do, I asked the question, what you have been selling? $100,000 for Palestine and Jean Therapy. I probably don't have to spend the money and I still have a dud at this. I've done MSCs though. Yeah, I've e-c to try that. And I think, you know, stem cells, it's a different question there. I think if you're repairing soft tissue damage or something like that and injecting them directly, probably works. For aging, I have no idea, but I think it's probably safe if you have somebody that's a good practitioner that knows what they're doing. But I think there's a lot of, this problem with stem cells, you go places, and you really don't know who you're working with. And, you know, if they're really treating the cells correctly, if you're putting the right things in your system. And so there's a safety concern there based on the practitioner, I think. And so those are things that concern me. I haven't gotten totally on board with growth hormone yet. I mean, I think probably use correctly, might be okay. The data is interesting. Are you aware of human data that, and I'm in your camp, by the way, which is, actually had a bunch of friends over for dinner last night and this came up. And yeah, I was sort of, I said, look, I can't point to a study that tells you this is, this is a bad idea. And I've never spoken to a person who takes a modest, judicious dose of growth hormone, who doesn't tell me they feel bad. So it's hard to believe it's not making people feel better. I also have never seen data to suggest it initiates cancer. But it seems very biologically plausible that if you have cancer, small amounts of cancer, your probability that this becomes clinically significant is higher in the market. Yeah. Again, I say that with no data. Yeah, me. And so, yeah, my view has just been despite my own interest in trying things. I've left the growth hormone one off the list. Is that an answerable question? Do you think? Yeah, I think we could do clinical studies. Yeah, and some are being done. How would we address the safety concern, right? Because you really need to be able to track people for quite a long period of time. That's the problem with the cancer susceptible. And all of these things, right? We don't know what the long term is. And I guess, it's a gray area. This is a weird thing with these clinics, right? Because I think from what I read in your book, you're doing sort of validated stuff. You're not really out there in the stratosphere doing crazy stuff that we don't know about. Some of that I would like to think I'm not. But I'll tell you, there are people who are very critical of my use of rap and mice in patients for geoprotective reasons. There are people who might think I'm crazy for giving people SGLT2 inhibitors who don't have diabetes. So I think there's things that we do, not for all of our patients. And again, I fewer than 10% of our patients take rap and mice. And because my view is unless you're willing to have a very lengthy discussion about the pros, the cons, the risks, the uncertainties. And I don't give people an answer that says, oh, this is the stuff's amazing. My answer is I don't know. Here's how I think about it probabilistically. Here are the trade-offs. And again, after you can tell I'm not a good salesman. If only 10% of the patients are taking it. Look, I think that's perfectly reasonable. But they're cutting, stewing some really out there stuff. And how do we know the long-term safety on it? I think if you're going to go do that stuff, you need to go in with your eyes open. You're taking a risk. I just seen so many orstories of people that have come back from parts of the, because you can't do this a lot of the stuff you can't even do in the United States. So they're coming back from South America, Mexico, places in Asia, having done fallostat and therapy or other very questionable stem cell therapies. And I mean, people that have had horrible infections. Like literally just artifacts of the treatment. And again, that's a practitioner problem with this. Yeah, exactly. Yeah, but some great stuff happening to I work with Bermaryngrad Hospital in Thailand. And they've got a longevity clinic now and they're very grounded in good science. And so, but the problem is if you're a consumer for these products, it's really hard to know. So someone listening to us who's saying, guys, can you give me some rules of thumb, some heristics for navigating the never ending landscape of longevity hacks that keep showing up on my Instagram feed, my TikTok feed and at cocktail parties? Yeah, I mean, that could be diet books. And I'm just going to clinics around the world. I think it's really difficult to sort that out. And because it's what I was going to say is it's clinical practice and research at the same time. It's a very unique situation, right? And there aren't many examples of that I know of that are really maybe some functional medicine is a little bit like that too. But it's interesting. And I feel like it's better for scientists to engage with where it's possible to engage with these clinics and try to help them than it is to just let people do things and without, if you can provide oversight that's helpful, you should be doing it. And so that's kind of how I feel about it. But a lot of academics don't even want to work with these clinics at all too, so I get criticized for working with them sometimes. It's an interesting world right now. I'm Peter Rattier. This podcast relies exclusively on premium subscribers for support, which allows us to provide all our content without taking a single penny from advertisers. I believe this keeps my content honest, making it a trusted resource for listeners like you. As a premium member, you'll get immediate access to our entire back catalog of AMA episodes and all future AMA episodes. You'll get longevity, focused premium articles packed with actionable insights. You'll get unrivaled show notes for each and every episode of the drive, every topic, every study, every resource from each episode carefully curated for you. You'll get quarterly podcast summaries where you'll learn my biggest personal takeaways from the previous 90 days of expert guest episodes and much more. This journey doesn't have to be navigated alone. We can take these steps towards a better, longer life together. Become a premium member today. A Peter Rattier MD.com forward slash subscribe to join me in a shared commitment to a healthier future.