One of the drugs that I have studied with Jared Younger, who's now at UAB, is a drug called Lodosanal Truxone. This is a fascinating drug. And it's got like this underground reputation out there that it's all over the forums. And the reason for it is because it's been around for decades and often patent there is zero money for any pharmaceutical company for it. What is now Truxone? How Truxone, when given it 50 milligrams, is used to block opioid receptors. It's an opioid blocker. And so we use this in the treatment of opioid and alcohol addiction because it blocks the rewarding experiences of alcohol or opioids. And so it's used as a treatment for addiction. And it's about 10 milligrams. At four and a half milligrams, one tenth of the dose. It has been shown to activate, to block, toll like four receptor on the microglia. Now I just introduced like this really technical concept. So, allow me to briefly explain. The microglia are these cells that hang around nerves, but are not neurons. And when I was in medical school, a few years, several years before you, what I was taught was these microglia, we're like the warm fuzzy blanket that propped up the nerves. I don't know what you were taught, but they provided structural support to the nerves. What I learned is that was only part of the story that they're key neural immune modulators. And so what I mean by that is, in times of stress, injury, fever, these microglia get activated. They release all sorts of inflammatory mediators, chemicals that sensitize the central nerves responsible for pain perception, pain transmission, pain perception. So you give a load of it and I'll truck down it blocks that. It blocks that neuroinflammatory soup. And in some patients' Peter, this drug's been magical. Like magical. I give it in four and a half milligrams. What are the other areas where LDN is just captivating the world? Complex regional pain syndrome. It has had a, that's a very tragic pain condition that is a neuropathic pain condition. We see a fair amount of, I've got a clinical trial. I'm just wrapping up on that using Lodos and L-Tracks on funded by the RSDSA Association. And another is actually multiple sclerosis. They've used it in and they've found some reduction in reoccurrences of MS. I think they did that UCSF or UCLA. But it's in these weird neurodegenerative type conditions where there's things in them. Now I've had some wacky, really wacky patient responses. If, I mean, I can share one. He is disarthur, he can't speak. He's got weakness, he has hemibody pain. Burning pain. This is that central pain. Okay. The Llamic pain. So he comes to me several years later, comparing speak at all. He's tried everything. Oh, let's try Lodos and I'll truck. So why does he come to a pain doc? Because he's got terrible pain. Okay. So he wasn't coming to you for the speech issue. No, no, no. He has a speech therapist. It's not getting any better. He's a couple of years out, stroke a stabilize. Okay. So it's this burning pain. Burning pain. On half his body. Half his body. I trial him on four and a half milligrams of L-D-N. He goes away, comes back a couple months later. Pain is improved. But not only that, he's now speaking and throwing a few words together for the first time in like census stroke. I'm like, what the hell, I bump up his dose. You cannot hurt yourself on this drug. You know, I know you know this. It's also, I go to nine, one out ten. Well, because it's easy to take two capsules. He comes back a few months later. He's now like talking in sentences. And I'm like, I said, are you sure this isn't due to your speech therapist? And they swear up and down, absolutely not. I go on up to like 13 and I go up to 13 and a half. And now he's having conversations. And how does his pain? Massively better on this. And really remarkable effect. I cannot, the only way I can explain these things is, you know, in a stroke, you've got like these, you've got dead tissue, you've got live tissue, you've got these intermediate zones. And somehow with reducing maybe inflammation, you end up with... Yeah, more functional brain. Somehow, if that model makes sense, which at least twoologically does, something about that inflammatory zone in the middle between what was clearly gone and not is poisoning the part that's still okay, right? So what is the downside of this? Meaning what would one need to be mindful of in trying an approach like this? This beauty of this drug is the only side effects that I've typically, I see, 20, 30% of people get vivid dreams. They get technical or dreams. Not bad dreams, not nightmares, but their dreams just take on a more colorful nature. Everyone's on well, see somebody who they say it activates them, we tell them to take it two hours before bedtime. And if it activates them a little bit, take it in the morning instead. I guess where I'm going with this is we think that at least a subset of people with neurodegenerative diseases and you mention multiple sclerosis, but we think this is true in at least some cases of Alzheimer's disease that neuroinflammation is a part of the pathology. Yeah. So would there be any efficacy to a trial there in either an individual with MCI, mild cognitive impairment or as crazy as the sounds as there are reason to consider it prophylactically in high-risk individuals? With the caveat that, hey, by the way, if you happen to get an infection like this would be a good time to stop it and ride it out and get better. I think the short answer is yes, a little bit of the longer answer is everything, I know, you know this, everything we do is weighing risk and benefits. Yep. This is one drug. I am hard pressed to come up with significant risks. We have decades and decades of experience with this drug in people with addiction. At 10x the dose. At 10x. How long are they typically on that drug? Lifetime. So meaning for a subset of individuals just putting them on the party dose of 50 milligrams of Naltrexone keeps them free of alcohol and opioids for life because it's so blunts the pleasure center. Yeah, the problem is all the addictionologists know is that it's hard to keep people on this because they can just stop it and go back and use. Yep. So that's why you have to want to be off. You have to want to be off. They have injectable versions of this. It's not called the vitroal is it? It's an injectable under the skin that lasts X number of days months. But yeah, we've got a lot of long-term data on this. And from a pilot standpoint, with informed consent obviously and just, you know, I would view that as a kind of a novel treatment in patients that one could try out monitor. Do some objective measures and see what you get. I wouldn't say that. I want to be careful. I wouldn't say that for a lot of the things that we do because there's real risks with a lot of the medications that we provide a lot of the procedures we do. Not only that, there's big costs that come with them. Where is this? I'm going to make a plug here. I have no relationship to, but we get our stuff out of ballmarr pharmacy in Colorado. Why? They're compounding pharmacy. They've got all the certifications. Oh, the reason is you can't go to Safeway or Costco and get this. You can't get a low dose of milk racks on there. You mean you have to, it doesn't be compounded at 4.5, you're saying? You're right. Good. And so we go through this pharmacy because they've got good customer service. They take patients' credit cards over the phone and they will ship it to you immediately and they're very responsive. You can probably find it in your local area at other compounding pharmacies. It usually runs about $30 a month. So it's basically a free drug. It's an insurance. It doesn't often cover up because they consider it experimental, but it's basically a free drug. It's a bucket day. Yeah. So it's one that I use more and more and more because of its safety profile and it's potential for getting me a home run.