What do women need to be aware of? So not every woman can come and see you, right? Not every woman has access to a doctor who has the breadth of knowledge that has select few due in this space. So A, how can women find practitioners near them? And what do they need to be aware of? What are the exploitative practices out there that they need to be mindful of? And not get duped into sort of, you know, either dangerous therapies or, you know, just, you know, overly extractive therapies. There's danger on both sides. There's danger going to the doctor for 10 minutes and saying, oh, that's not safe. You don't want to do this, right? And there's dangers of going to the very expensive pellet clinic that is going to overdose you and charge you lots and lots of money. So you need, I like being somewhere in the middle and getting a few opinions here, right? So this is where opinions can be following the a bunch of people on Instagram. Don't just follow one people, follow a bunch of people. If you like books, there's tons of books now on menopause, right? There are some of your favorites. So I mean, you've got Mary Claire Haver as the most popular book called The New Manopause. Heather Hirsch has a great book called Pick Your Menopause Type. There's been a hot and bothered journalist wrote a great book on Perry Menopause. Jansie Dunn, Tim's in Phadal just wrote a book about menopause who's also a reporter. So you're getting a estrogen matters. There's a great book, right? Really great book. So this is, there's a lot of books now, thank goodness. You know, there's one called The Menopause, Manopause. There's great books on menopause. There's also podcasts now. There's great podcasts out there. There's great Oprah just did a special on, you know, there's documentaries on PBS now. So menopause is having a movement. So you can't have this excuse anymore of, oh, my doctor doesn't do this. Go find a different doctor. They're telemedicine companies. And what's the website? So menopause.org is the Menopause Society website. That doesn't guarantee you have someone who knows everything. But menopause.org means somebody took a test and put some effort into saying, I care about menopause. I'm on that website, but it's swishiswsh.org is the women sexual health society. So people who we care about menopause and sexual health. So that's a great place to find a provider. So those are two websites that can help you find someone. Again, you have to advocate for yourself because no one will do that other than you. And so I think the more you educate yourself, the more you can find the right people in your pit crew who are going to fill that gas tank and get you where you want to go. Do you feel that there are too many women that are still getting their hormone therapy in the sort of dark alley with sort of highly sus individuals. And if so, what would be a clue that you're in that camp? Because there's nobody that's in that camp that knows it, right? So what are the, I want a woman who's watching this who's not getting great medical care. But thinks she is to maybe get a bit of a hint as to what that might look like. I think this is a problem. When your doctor only has one type of men, when your doctor says no, you can't have anything. That's suspect. If your doctor says you can only have this really expensive product that has to be inserted into your butt for times a year and you have to pay me thousands of dollars. That's extremely suspect compounded by me. If you say you have to pay lots of money for this special compounded product that's safer and more effective, I call red flag on that situation. If you have to give very expensive saliva testing labs and they're making you pay a lot of money. Very suspect again. That doesn't mean you can't do it. If it's working for you and you're happy, you have body autonomy. You do what you want. But know that there's red flags there. I think the pellet industry, I have a big problem. We have an FDA proof pellet for men. Okay? It can be FDA approved. I don't not upset with a pellet as a concept. If the pellet companies care about women, do the studies. Go through the FDA, show me it's safe. If you believe it's billion dollar industry, if you believe that it's the greatest thing in the world, show me. So that I have that so that I can start using it because I'm going because the FDA is a pretty good compounding pharmacy. So do the work go, I have my beef with the FDA. Hello, you need to take that box labeling off estrogen products, especially vaginal estrogen. But if the pellet companies deeply care about women, which they say they do, do the work. That everyone takes advantage of women, all the supplement companies, all of these, they take advantage by promising these things to women. But they don't do the work of science. So that's what I ask is, is just do the work. I'm Peter Atia. This podcast relies exclusively on premium subscribers for support, which allows us to provide all our content without taking a single penny from advertisers. I believe this keeps my content honest, making it a trusted resource for listeners like you. As a premium member, you'll get immediate access to our entire back catalog of AMA episodes and all future AMA episodes. You'll get longevity, focused premium articles packed with actionable insights. You'll get unrivaled show notes for each and every episode of the drive, every topic, every study, every resource from each episode, carefully curated for you. You'll get quarterly podcast summaries where you'll learn my biggest personal takeaways from the previous 90 days of expert guest episodes and much more. This journey doesn't have to be navigated alone. We can take these steps towards a better, longer life together. Become a premium member today at PeterAtiaMD.com forward slash subscribe to join me in a shared commitment to a healthier future.