So, anything else you want to say about systemic therapy before we go and talk about local therapy in the context of genital urinary symptoms of menopause? Yeah, I think we haven't spent a lot of time really talking about the symptoms of menopause. Right? What are we treating? Why do people have, why do people need systemic therapy? And I think, you know, I'm often saying that menopause has the worst PR campaign in the history of the universe. Why? Because we think it's for old people and we think it's just hot flashes. And we think hot flashes go away. There's actually not enough education. Like we can argue about E1, E2, and E3, but the reality is doctors don't even know the symptoms of menopause. Patients don't even know the symptoms of menopause, right? The person who was doing my makeup this morning, she's like, I just feel awful. I feel like an old person. I'm not sleeping. I'm not fun anymore. I can't drink. I can't, you know, I might join Sir Aki and as it welcomed you need hormone therapy, right? Like I'm always teaching no matter who I'm, whether there's a cab driver, a hair stylist, I'm always teaching. But this idea of of you have hormone receptors throughout your whole body. It is a whole body experience. So yes, there's hot flashes and night sweats. And by the way, hot flashes are not just a nuisance. That is a neurologic, vascular, genic, probably event, right? The worst, your hot flashes, the worst, your risk of cardiovascular issues and things like that. Joint pain is a huge one. I never thought as a neurologist. I would treat so much joint pain. Never in a million years did I think I cared about joint pain and yet patients come in all the time and say, oh my God, I don't get out of bed feeling old. I don't feel creaky. My joints recover again after I exercise and think again, am digastank inflammation. When you, I think hormones are natures, a joint fluid, if you will. So, so almost like, break fluid, right? Go back to the car analogy. And we are going to work the heck out of this right? So it's really cool. So your eyes need lubrication. Your ears need wax, your vagina needs lubrication. Your joints actually need lubrication. And so think of horny teenager. You've got oils, oily skin. So, so hormones create these oils, vaginal lubrication, oil for your skin. There are androgen receptors in your eyeballs, right? And these myobian glands. So, so I think of hormones like fluid. So, as you lose the hormones or the hormones go too high or too low, it dries everything out. And so you get joint pain, you get frozen shoulder, you get plantar fasciitis. And now it was recently published on by my colleague Vonda Wright, the musculoskeletal syndrome of menopause. Right? This idea that so many women in their 40s and 50s, everything starts to break down. It's because the gas tank is empty and that inflammation increases. It's such a simple analogy. So, what are the symptoms? You've get muscular skeletal symptoms, sleep issues, mood issues, bleeding changes. Obviously, low libido or gas on problems or rousal problems, pain with sex increases like crazy. I sent you a list here. What am I missing? You've got a list there. Irritability, very common one. I think the one that I was going to ask you about is brain fog and depression. This is one where I think this is a, I think this is a very unique one because it's one that gets easily dismissed as something unrelated. Same more about those. It's it's one of the most common symptoms and all women start going to doctors in their 40s. Like, like, doctors, you know, I know you're listening and you get so many people and every day, you say, oh, it's probably hormonal, but you're not giving them the solution. You're just telling them it's not cancer. So, the neurologists are seeing all these patients to rule out a cognitive decline or all these other issues, but really, it's that brain fog because your brain is filled with estrogen receptors. This is crazy research. Okay, I don't know if you've had Lisa Musconi on, but here's this researcher from Cornell, neuroscience researcher, who says, hey, I want to study Alzheimer's. I want to do this. This is just in the last couple years and she goes to her lab manager and says, okay, what's the assay for estradiol and the brain? I need to look at estradiol receptors in the brain and the people at Cornell was like, that doesn't exist. She's like, what do you mean that doesn't exist? She's like, how can we not look at estrogen receptors in the brain? So, she gets Maria Shriver to give her a giant amount of money who gives her a huge amount of money. So, she now develops this assay. This is only within the last couple of years. She just published in nature very early findings that what would you expect right? Your body is efficient. It's not going to do things it doesn't need to do. So, the hypothesis was that as menopause gets later and later, the estrogen receptors in your brain are going to down regulate. Why have receptors around when there's no estrogen to feed the brain? What did she find? Yeah, exactly. That's the exact opposite, right? That actually, even up to 65, she stopped looking past 65 because she's like, there's no way that's going to matter. The increase in receptor density, the older you get and it correlates to brain fog and irritability, you know, sort of correlates to all these symptoms. My reading of that was estrogen is so important in the brain that it has to upregulate the receptors as the estrogen level goes down and down and down and down and has to do any more so. In other words, it's a lot like the way the brain is treated for glucose. The body will, if you, if you are fasting, the muscles will within days become completely insulin resistant. It's their way of saying every molecule of glucose that that liver spits out better not go into the muscle, it better go to the brain. And so you look like you have diabetes in an effort to save glucose for the brain and I think that's what's happening with estrogen. And could you argue that weight gain in menopause is evolutionary so that you make more estroener what that right? That goes to the brain because it wants every more so that it can get, right? So this idea of hormones matter for the brain deeply, right? This is very important. So it's fascinating research, but you're going to see a lot of again think of a receptor as perimenopause is happening. The receptors are full. Now they're empty. Then they're full. Now they're empty. Now they're have full. Now they're empty. It is, this is why we see ADHD pop up in perimenopause. All these women are saying I have now new diagnosed ADHD. It's real. Why? Because your brain is, is having a panic attack because it's just trying to figure out some stability here, which is why actually in empty gas tank. So in menopause, when you are totally empty, the brain fog gets better, right? Because there's stability of hormones. Yes, it's a volatile anymore. But if we just all am saying, it's just adds some estrogen, right, to just keep the receptors happy. The other one that we didn't talk about was the urinary symptoms. So both urinary and continents, and then the higher prevalence of UTIs, you've alluded to it a little bit, but just maybe finish the swing on that. Okay, so this is my favorite topic in the history of topics. Because we used to call this problem initially it was called Cinald vagina. That was the initial, yes, there was a paper's written on the Cinald vagina. Then it got up to it. I don't even understand what that means. An old vagina, I suppose, but then it got changed to Volvo vaginal atrophy or a trophic vaginalitis. That was the terminology that was used to. I'm familiar with that. I've been told 24 before that. I was seen a Cinald vagina. Check the history books. Very fascinating. So Volvo vaginal atrophy was sort of the common name of this. Okay, as you get older, the vagina atrophy. It travels up. It shrinks up. Again, if a penis tripled up at age 52, we'd probably have a vaccine sponsored by Pfizer. They created biagra. They would create this vaccine. No one even tells you. I love that analogy. So you're saying, if by the time a man became 50, his penis became a shriveled up useless organ, you're saying that the medical system would have probably done something about this. What do you think, right? You tell me what you think. You might be on to something Rachel. I know what I'm talking about. So this is the thing. We just told the Volvo vaginal atrophy. We said, well, if you have pain with sex or a little vaginal dryness, here's some moisturizer. Here's some lubricants. Here you go. If you're really bothered, really bothered. You got to be really bothered. Then there's the thing called vaginal estrogen that we could give you. Now, here's the crazy part of this. It's not just a little vaginal dryness. The vagina and the bladder need hormones, right? Baby's don't have hormones. And that's why you see it's red. It's irritated. They're these small little labium menora. Dipper cream was invented, right? Because it looks so painful. Then hormones, they pee their diapers all the time. The genitals morph and change with hormones. Right? Puberty happens and you have a change of the genital and urinary system. And so what happens is as you lose hormones, it goes in reverse. And so it changes the microbiome. The hormones keep the tissue acidic. It grows the healthy lactobacillitis. The vagina is supposed to be acidic. It's supposed to be able to fight infection. And without proper hormones, you lose that ability to fight infection. So you see urinary frequency, urinary urgency, vaginal dryness, increase in leakage, increase in urgent continents, and recurrent urinary tract infections, which can and do kill people. Okay? We've known this since the 90s in the New England Journal of Medicine, actually this was on Astrid all. You could reduce the risk of urinary tract infections by well over 50%. We have known this all along. And yet. And that was with topical Astrid all. Interesting. Yeah? I wasn't out of where. And yet there is no FDA approved Astrid all formulation despite that fact. Yeah. Correct. I think it's available in Europe. So the name got changed in 2014. Okay? 2014 a bunch of people got in a room and they said, you know what? This bulb of vaginal atrophy thing. That's kind of a bad name because it doesn't describe what's really happening to people. So they changed the name to genital urinary syndrome of menopause, GSM. Now there was one urologist, my mentor was in the room. And they almost didn't put the word urinary in it. And he fought and he yelled and he said, this is the power of one person to be able to change the whole world. And they said, okay, well listen to you. We'll put the word urinary in it. And I'm so glad they did because the urinary problems are the things that kill people. Right? People are dying of urinary tract infection. In fact, a large amount of money goes to Medicare expenditures when it comes to urinary tract infections. And we published last year that if Medicare patients used vaginal estrogen, which is safe for everybody and $13 a tube, we would save Medicare between $6 and $22 billion a year. Billion. Just say that again, please, because I know there are people that are in the Medicare system who are going to be interested to understand that. Okay. So when you when you do a low dose local vaginal estrogen or DHA product, you can reduce your risk of urinary tract infections by more than half. They're safe to use if you've had a history of blood clots, breast cancer, whatever medical problem you can come at me, I can tell you that it's safe. Okay. It will not only help with lubrication, help with pain with sex, help with urinary frequency urgency leakage, but it will reduce your risk of urinary tract infections by more than half. It's also inexpensive and covered by your insurance. If everybody in Medicare eligibility used vaginal estrogen, we would save Medicare between $6 and $22 billion a year. And in my opinion, that is a conservative estimate because of how many patients are getting urinary tract infections. They're going to their doctor for cultures. They're in the ICU with sepsis. This is a huge economic, a more big, a more tallity problem that we're dealing with and no one cares. I mean, again, I always try to come up with this steel man and say, is it that they don't care or is it that they're unaware or is it that they feel that it just needs to fall on the shoulders of somebody other than themselves? So I think we have a marketing problem. I truly believe this is a marketing problem because let me tell you. But how? Okay, let me push back. Not because I don't agree with you, but I'm just going to put my hat on that says the opposite, right? So maybe I am too attuned to this. But I feel like there is nothing more talked about right now. I mean, look at what Hallie Barry's doing, look what Oprah's doing, look what Gueneth is doing. I mean, there are so many very powerful, very influential women that are talking about this. Why is this not in the zeitgeist right now? It's getting better. But again, they don't know how to write the prescriptions. Okay, so let me tell you, so you're saying there's not enough physicians talking about this. Then if it really comes down to prescriptions, if it can't get them, it's not over the counter. If you can't get the prescription, or if you don't go to your doctor saying that you need it, we had an Instagram reel just yesterday that the patient said, I sent my friend went to her doctor, said she was having pain with sex, asked for vaginal estrogen and her gynaecologist said, and I quote, you need to think of other ways to change your relationship from now on. It's not in the cards for you. What does that mean? Meaning you can't have sex anymore, right? And the fact is, is that about sex is about your inner tract infections. Wait a minute, this is impossible for me to fathom. A woman went to her gynaecologist and said, I'm having pain within her course. Yeah. This woman, any idea how this woman is? Okay. And the gynecologist said, didn't you think this gynecologist doesn't know about estrogen? Honestly, I don't know any more. It's incredible, right? So, okay. So we could argue via agro. 1998, via agro comes out. Via agro changed the world. Billions of dollars. What is via agro? It is a PD-5 inhibitor. It relaxes smooth muscles of the penis. Increase blood flow gives you a rigid erection. So it helps with a rousal ferment. Okay? If you take it, microdose, low doses, it can also help with BPH or urinary problems. Right? We love via agro. We love Cialis. Wish it was in the water. We should study it in women. This is the problem, though, because I didn't met a cool school. Oh, I'm going to talk about that. But I will argue, we have had via agro for women long before. We've had via agro for men. And we've known about it since the 1970s and via agro for women is vaginal hormones. What do vaginal hormones do? They relax the tissue. They increase arousal. They increase lubrication. They increase orgasm. They help with urinary symptoms. So they do everything via agro does. And they prevent urinary tract infections. Via agro doesn't do that. So you're talking about better than via agro. It's inexpensive. Now, it didn't use to be. So when I got out of my training, a tube of estrace was $500. Wow, because of people like Mark Cuban and good Rx. And I've talked to Mark Cuban on my DMs in Twitter. And he knows more about vaginal estrogen than 90% of doctors. But this idea of it's not expensive. A tube of estrace is $13. And you're saying that the reason that this price has come down is I know Mark is a very hard liner against the PBMs. Did Mark basically take a sledgehammer to that? Yeah, they changed. They changed the game. And so it's incredible. Oh, my gosh. It's incredible. He understands it. He literally understands the nuances of why vaginal estrogen is so important. That's right. I can't get doctors to do that. I think he's using credible. And so, so we've a marketing problem. We have a product that is better than via agro for women. It's been around longer than via agro. It's inexpensive. It's inexpensive. What are we missing? What is it? It's marketing. We're not telling the patients. We're not telling the doctors. And we have a box labeling that says this product causes stroke heart attacks blood clots probable dementia, breast cancer, and needs to be taken with progesterone, not one of those statements is true. Not one. Okay. So we went to the FDA and says you got to remove the box. This is not your killing people. And the FDA said, we're going to leave the box on. This is a nightmare. I'm Peter Atia. This podcast relies exclusively on premium subscribers for support, which allows us to provide all our content without taking a single penny from advertisers. I believe this keeps my content honest, making it a trusted resource for listeners like you. As a premium member, you'll get immediate access to our entire back catalog of AMA episodes and all future AMA episodes. You'll get longevity, focused premium articles packed with actionable insights. You'll get unrivaled show notes for each and every episode of the drive, every topic, every study, every resource from each episode carefully curated for you. You'll get quarterly podcasts, summaries, where you'll learn my biggest personal takeaways from the previous 90 days of expert guest episodes and much more. This journey doesn't have to be navigated alone. We can take these steps towards a better, longer life together. Become a premium member today. A Peter Atia MD.com forward slash subscribe to join me in a shared commitment to a healthier future.