lots of discussion around microplastics. Right. So tell me what your impression is of the effect of any or all of the above on fertility. So all those sperm are made constantly and are susceptible to that. We know the testicles are a pretty good place to me and insulated from exposures. I, I'm also, I also think there's a lot of smoke there and there needs to be sorted out, but such you, but the 80, 60, 80,000 chemicals that are being used that aren't really tested at all. I think the only way to know is to do do, you know, stem cell and vitro testing as much as you can before you put it on at the ID, investigation drug stage, not at the final stages for clinical trials, but early on do it. So you're screening away in advance of getting it to clinical trials and where the money gets big. But I think that men, there are windows of susceptibility and men, unlike maybe with women whose eggs are constantly exposed to toxins, men have windows and one of those windows is birth and early development, the first 12 weeks of life. So there's a good idea. But when, when all organ systems are developing, including testicles, I mean, Sean is fond of this one with maternal beef consumption, estrogenized beef consumption, their sons had lover sperm counts when they were 20 years later or something. So so I think that's a window of susceptibility also think, you know, puberty is a window of susceptibility when things turn on. So I think if exposures in those moments are probably going to matter the most to men, I don't know, I don't know about other times. And what is your advice to a guy when you're giving him counsel on everything he can do? We're going to talk about everything. But on this particular domain, if he says, hey, should I stop drinking Starbucks, coffees in those plastic cups with the plastic lids? And should I get a reverse osmosis filter in the house like where are you telling him to draw that line? I'm not great at that because the stress level goes up so much and I think the stress counterback balances any amount of microplastics you say. You double the stress in a man and just toss a level fall. And then just from production falls for a whole different reason. So my, my, my testosterone level when I left residency, oh, I bet. So how old was I 33? Should I had a pretty good? Yeah, total T, 220 nanograms per deciliter. Did you measure LH? It's probably low. Yeah, I'm sure FSH and LH were totally low. I don't remember that. That's secondary. Free testosterone of light. So think of me to four. Yeah. Well, the sleep deprivation, the stress, the so what to stress to stress is the sympathetic nervous system. It's fight or flight. You're running from a woolly mammoth. It doesn't know what you're running from. It doesn't know whether it's sleep or travel or financial or emotional. It's just the body. We are cats and dogs. We have the same binary nervous system either you're on or you're off. And when you're on, do you want testosterone? No, you want cortisol. You're running for your life. And do you want fertility when you're running for your life? And any species? No, you're trying to save your life. So cortisol goes on testosterone is nowhere to be found for tillings. No, you turn off all that stuff. Then when you outrun the woolly mammoth, then you're behind a rock and you grab the berries and you catch a nap, boom, testosterone shoots up because it's rest in restore and you have to rebuild for the next run. And how quickly will you think that it turns in humans? How quickly? How quickly can that? Dates. Easily. We can reverse. Is it? It's not. We love acute stress. All species love acute stress, right? We love that starvation, intermittent fasting. It's really healthy. But not low-level chronic stress, not connected to your computer, not your emails, not the workday that never ends terrible for us. And the best manifestation is erections because the erections will fall if you're stressed to penis out of the mind of its own according to the Vinci. I had a guy come in, you know, he came in and he was like 25 and San Francisco, who started up kind, he comes in and says, I got to see him. I said, why? I said, I lost my erection yesterday. He's 25. He said, first time. He said, yes. I said, all right, come on in. Sweet couple. And he's got his act to get it looks good. And I said, what happened? He said, you know, I just thought, I just lost my erection. I could never happen to me before. I think something's wrong. I said, okay, tell me about yourself. He's just getting his a round of funding. He's traveling half a million miles a year. He sleeps like three or four hours a night if any. And he's constantly running. And I said, congratulations. We're walking to the human race. This is amazing at the first time. I know. It's like, we're talking about it. You're not in a purvious stress. Stress has a tough fix. So clearly, the fertility women who are sort of marathon run, how the great study was a moderate exercise, moderate exercise men. A real blog on this called, can you be too fit to be fertile? Moderate exercise went to extreme exercise measured as two hours a day of viotu 80% maximum capacity. So pretty heavy workouts for 12 week periods. So moderate to extreme and then back to moderate. Spurme counts fell by 40% when it moderate to extreme and constant sperm, testosterone flow by 50% and then went back up. So that's a kind of a, and there's also military studies of men under acute stress during you know, hell weeks and training where they were taking their testosterone and elage, it's when they were dropping by about 50% with severe stress. And that's okay for a day or two or a week. But when you're doing it chronically, we're not built for that. Peter, we're not built for chronic stress. That's a long-termity issue. I'm Peter Rateeer. This podcast relies exclusively on premium subscribers for support, which allows us to provide all our content without taking a single penny from advertisers. I believe this keeps my content honest, making it a trusted resource for listeners like you. As a premium member, you'll get immediate access to our entire back catalog of AMA episodes and all future AMA episodes. You'll get longevity, focused premium articles packed with actionable insights. You'll get unrivaled show notes for each and every episode of the drive, every topic, every study, every resource from each episode carefully curated for you. You'll get quarterly podcast summaries where you'll learn my biggest personal takeaways from the previous 90 days of expert guest episodes and much more. This journey doesn't have to be navigated alone. We can take these steps towards a better, longer life together. From a premium member today, a Peter Rateeer MD.com forward slash subscribe to join me in a shared commitment to a healthier future.