I was talking to a patient today on a call and he was talking about how over the past several months his sweet tooth has really been kind of evolving and he's sort of been feeding it and that's been making it a little bit worse. And so I shared with him kind of my three tricks for managing a sweet tooth in myself and he seemed to find it helpful so I thought I would share this here. So this is by no means like a scientifically validated approach just to be clear it's really empirical but it's it's helped me a lot when I'm trying to cut back on sweets and by extension the number of my patients. Okay. Step one don't drink sweet things. That means obviously don't drink sugary drinks but it even means don't drink diet drinks. So in the short term your brain doesn't really know the difference between a coconut diet coke. It does in the long run we can get into all the neurobiology of that but it's not really relevant. Your body will actually chase the calories more following a diet coke but point being in the short run it doesn't and more importantly when you switch from a coke to a diet coke you're not really helping your body recalibrate away from sweet. So so rule number one it's just don't drink sweet things and that includes anything even if you're having an alcoholic beverage you know if you're going to have an alcoholic beverage don't have it be some sweet sugary margarita. Rule number two is lean into berries as your fruit. My guess is that if we went back in time 10,000 years fruit would look totally different. The way they are today the way they've been bred I think they've deviated sufficiently from that but there's something about berries that is still kind of the right level of sweetness. So I think what you want to do is target a place where a raspberry is sweet. And so if you have a real sweet tooth and you go in the fridge and need some raspberries they're going to actually taste a little bit tart and that's kind of a sign that you're probably over calibrated on sweet and so I would say you know continue to consume berries as your sources sweetness mix berries in with plain yogurt throw in some almonds or something like that it's kind of a great dessert and rather than eating you know kind of sugary things or even higher sugar fruits. Again I'm not saying there's anything wrong with higher sugar fruits what I'm saying is if you're trying to dial down your cravings for sweet this is a step. The third thing is leaning into dark chocolate. So again this is another litmus test right if you eat a piece of 70% dark chocolate and you don't think it's sweet that might be the test that says you're you're over doing it on on sweet. During periods of my life when I've been incredibly strict which I'm certainly not at the moment even 85 is too sweet I would say for me right now 85 is the sweet spot. I would define as you want to have a couple of pieces but you don't need to eat the whole bar. If you want to eat the whole bar at least if I want to eat the whole bar it's generally going to be a lower concentration of chocolate and therefore a higher concentration of sugar. So basically those are kind of my simple tricks besides the obvious right like by definition you're not leaning in eating junk food all day but what are you substituting it for? It's moving your way up to call it an 85% chocolate it's titrating down into berries and just not drinking sweet things and I tell you you do this for a couple of months and all of a sudden you're going to recalibrate and by the way if you go back and eat something incredibly sweet you're going to notice it. Again am I suggesting everybody do this? Absolutely not. I'm suggesting this as a tool to help if you feel that your sweet cravings are out of control and it's leading you to eat an unnecessary amount of junk food.