Is there a sense of, I don't know what the right word is, it's not gratitude, that's a bit glib. Is there a sense of awe in that or is there a sense of, do you believe there's meaning in that or do you believe that there's no meaning in that and that it's just as fortunate, it's just as much luck as the world is full of bad luck, right? If I think of all the, you know, I'm much more familiar as I'm sure you and many people listening are, we're much more familiar with the opposite, right? It's like the person who did everything right and they just happened to get hit by some drunk idiot who ran a red light and there was, you know, virtually nothing they could have done to prevent it. It's purely a lightning strike. And how often does bad luck take a life just as remarkable luck saved a life? Do you process it like that at all? Yeah, I do, I mean, we all are sort of looking for meaning in the universe and, you know, nothing, you know, there are no coincidences and everything happens for a reason and all those sort of like narratives that we put on, I think a fairly random universe and, I mean, random but for the laws of physics, but in terms of the events of our life, like so, I was in an American outpost and Afghanistan and I was shocked to feel some sand flick into the side of my face, you know, bullets travel faster than sound, right? And the outpost would get attacked from about 500 meters out, which is quite a long shot for an AK-47 or a PKM and, and by the time those bullets arrived, the bullets arrived way before the sound does, right? So some sand flick into the side of my face, I just had time to think, what was that? I was standing against some sandbags. What was that? And then I heard, and I was, so that was the first verse of an hour-long firefight and the bullets had to have hit with me and an inch or two from my forehead, right? In my opinion, utterly random, right? I was blown up by an IED, it went off under the engine block instead of under us, the guy with the Clay, the Taliban guy with the clacker and the ravine, misted by a second, a second, right? But the whole rest of my life unfolded because of that, it's contained in that second, right, in some ways, and because we were spared. And so at one point I was at a reading early early on, you know, like, we were right when the book came out and a guy raised his hand at the end, he was quite agitated and he said, he said, I'm Christian, and you, you were alive because of God's grace and you have to come to Jesus and understand that it was only God's grace that saved you. And I said to him, you know, one of my best friends, my brother, my colleague, Tim Hutherington was killed in combat in Libya on an assignment I was supposed to be on. His death was what got me out of war reporting and then had a family, et cetera. And, you know, he, he bled out also, right? And then from a moon in his groin and but he was in a war zone and they couldn't save him. And so I said to the guy, I say, you know, my problem with that way of thinking that there's some purpose here, some meaning here, is why me, right? Like why me and not Tim? For that matter, why me and not some nine-year-old cancer? I'm sorry. Like, and if God is running a random lottery for his grace, I don't want any part of it, right? I think that the universe is run and, you know, it unfolds in random ways and I just got super, super lucky. But that, the fact that I got that lucky makes me profoundly grateful and is also incredibly depressing to me. And for some reason, for reasons that I can't quite understand, but I just sort of think about what was statistically supposed to happen by a factor of maybe 10 to 1 or something and or more. Probably more. Probably more. Right. And have you spoken with others? I'm just very curious about that Sebastian. I think the gratitude makes a lot of sense to me and I don't know how I would feel in your situation. So this is curiosity and not certainly not judgment. I'm curious though, if you've spoken with others who have survived, you know, similar experiences. I think in my friend Rick Elias, I should introduce you guys. So Rick was on that US airways flight that had to emergency land in the Hudson. Right. So again, you've got this guy, you know, Captain Salonberger who, like, you know, he's the one out of, you know, the dumprosky of, right? That's exactly right. He's the one out of 50 guys that could have actually make the right decision with enough time to spare and then carried it out. And again, I, that's, he wasn't supposed to live, right? And I'm just, I've never asked him this question. And I, but I'm, you know, this would be an interesting topic is how many other people on this planet who are alive only because of monumental luck. What is the balance between the gratitude and the heaviness of that that that that tips into sort of disthymia? You know, if I didn't have children, I think it would be a psychologically a little easier. But what it would have left them with with such a legacy of pain and absence and my poor wife that that made it sort of harder. And so every, the things that console, what would have consoled me like holding my daughter, like I survived and here I'm holding my daughter and my lap. But I immediately think, oh, but this wasn't supposed to happen. Right? She's supposed to be grieving right now. By odds of 101, she should, you know, like, and it's a miracle and then I would just spin out into what could have happened. And I eventually talked to her shrink, right? I mean, my wife was like, honey, you're getting a little hard to live with. Can you seek help? And it was a great thing to do and it really, really helped me. And my, my therapist was basically she was like, listen, if you keep telling yourself this narrative, they almost died. You're never going to escape this incredible anxiety and panic disorder and depression that you work yourself into. You have to stop telling yourself this story. She was absolutely right. And apparently this sort of negative storytelling is very, very common in people who almost died. And, and, and, and the, the sequence on really, really profound anxiety and fear, paramedical paranoia. It's going to happen again, any moment I'm going to bleed out again. You know, like that sort of paranoia. And then that finally eased off and I wound up in this like unbelievable depression. And I've never depressed it by life, right? And I'm not a particularly anxious person. And I was amazed at how debilitating depression was. And I finally got it because I've had friends who have struggled with depression. I lost a friend to suicide. And suddenly I was like, oh, this is what it's, what they're talking about. Like, why bother going through the rest of your life? Like that kind of thought, like, I had no idea. Like, it was a really open to door to like, oh, I had no idea. That's what when people say depression, this is what they're talking about. And, um, you know, it was quite it was quite frightening. One of the problems, so I had trouble, I know we have to get back to the nurse, who just, which is part of this problem, right? This reality problem that I had. I was having trouble understanding being confident about what reality was and what it wasn't. And part of that stem from this, um, somewhat clairvoyant dream that I had. So, um, I, and I just have to reiterate, I'm really not a spiritual mystical or bewooker person. I'm really not, right? Which is why this stuff unsettling me so much, much more your father than your mother, much more, right?