I would say that clearly the biggest risk of pure nicotine, and now I'm just talking about it through the lens of synthetically acquired nicotine, so you're getting rid of all the tobacco related processing, is in its addictive nature. And Magnumus take about it, nicotine is highly addictive. There are some other areas where depending on the dose, there may actually be a harm. Again, I think this is very important to understand. There are some mechanistic insights that suggest a negative impact on the endothelium, and it's certainly plausible that anything that negatively impacts the endothelium could increase the risk of cardiovascular disease. But these are not studies that have been, these are not large studies, these are not studies that have been done in humans, and these are extrapolations typically from other animal models. So I guess we should probably just maybe spend a minute talking about nicotine again. And again, I go into, if people want more detail on this, I think it's covered four years ago. But nicotine activates, so nicotine is a molecule, and it activates something called the nicotinic acetylcholine receptor. Now, these receptors are not just in the brain, where we most frequently talk about them, but they can actually exist throughout the body. And if you look at certain mouse models and rodent models, such as other rodents like rats, it's been demonstrated that high doses of nicotine can actually increase tumor growth and even foster metastases, in addition to increasing atheroscerotic plaques. Now, that sounds pretty devastating. I just want to always point out, whenever we're talking about these rodent models, there's lots of daylight typically between what happens in that model, and what happens in humans. And I think it's important to kind of look at other ways to triangulate upon the answer. So we'll link to those studies in the show notes. But the closest thing that we could find in humans was 2024 Mendelian randomization. I know we talk about these a lot, but I always think it's worth explaining what an MR is. So a Mendelian randomization says, let's look at genes in the population, which we can assume are randomly assorted. That's the randomization part. And let's ask the question, will these genes be a proxy for a behavior that I want to study? Or something that I want to study, where I can now use effectively observational tools to see if there's a difference? So again, one example is Mendelian randomization consistently shows that LDL cholesterol is causally associated with heart disease. Why? Because LDL cholesterol is highly genetic, and you can look across a population and see different levels of LDL, even in people who are, you know, otherwise healthy, and you can examine the cardiovascular outcomes of these people, which would be the dependent variable, and that's how you could infer causality. By extension, by the way, HDL cholesterol turns out to be not causally related in the inverse. Nevertheless, so if you look at this Mendelian randomization, they wanted to look at the relationship of nicotine by itself on compromised lung function, lung cancer, COPD, CH, AACBD, et cetera. Okay. So the only, so I want to be clear, I don't think this was the world's best MR. I think it was clever, though. So what did they look at? Because what genes would you try to parse out to understand how much tobacco someone is consuming, which is what you actually want to be able to do? So what they looked at was they looked at genes that spoke to nicotine metabolism. And so just as caffeine, we've talked about this on the past, caffeine, metabolism is highly genetic, right? So people like me are wickedly fast at metabolizing caffeine, and therefore I seem to be able to drink it later in the day without a negative impact. Someone who's a very slow metabolizer is going to feel it more. Well, similarly with nicotine, you have high and low levels of nicotine, metabolism. And what the authors of this study postulated was people who are faster nicotine metabolizers are going to have lower levels of circulating nicotine and therefore less nicotine exposure. Now, that's possible. Technically, you could also argue that maybe someone who's a faster nicotine metabolizer would smoke more or consume more nicotine. So again, put that aside for the moment. But nevertheless, the authors used these genetic variants associated with nicotine metabolism to adjust for basically smoking heaviness. And again, we're not interested in the role of smoking. We're interested in the role of nicotine. Okay. So disease risk was increased with slower nicotine metabolism. But the added risk was abolished when adjusted for smoking heaviness. Because of course, if you do this, you have to adjust for smoking, indicating that the main drivers of the outcomes are the non-nicotinic components of cigarette smoke. Let me state that again. This is a complicated MR, but it is the closest thing I think we have to looking at humans. And it's looking at how much people smoked, how quickly they metabolize nicotine, trying to do an overlay of that to appreciate the nicotine exposure. And it came away basically saying that the harm of smoking is due to the tobacco and tobacco related products not due to the nicotine. I want to be clear, this is way, way far away from what you would want to be able to say as level one evidence. Right. If you wanted to do this in a level one fashion, you would actually have to randomize people to a whole bunch of different tobacco-free nicotine products and study the outcomes of interest. Now, of course, nobody is going to do that for hard outcomes like mortality, but I certainly think people could do that for softer outcomes. And my hope is that somewhere along there, people do that.