don't we as a society just tend to look more favorably at people that have a very high pain tolerance. So when you go through that experiment you just did with the medical students. If everybody's being brutally honest aren't they kind of looking at the people who score zero one two more favorably than those that score eight nine and ten? Absolutely. Why do you think that is? Because that's what I'm being truthful I do it. Yeah. That's what society values. That's that was my home life growing up. That's what my father expected. I can't even very working class. You know my father had 12 brothers and sisters fighting for whatever scraps of food and he brought that into my world our world as kids and you just suck it up and deal with it and my father had back pain later in life and he would never talk about it would never ask my opinion and when I offered my opinion he would never follow it. Had bad consequences in the end but we value that. That is just the way our society is. Is that a male thing exclusively? I think you need to get some women on the show and ask them. I think I think it crosses actually I do think there is a masculinity aspects of that and I think I could be wrong here. I think that that thing is also attractive for women. I think there's a certain attractiveness because that person may be more likely to be a good provider than somebody who is weak and sensitive but you know we're getting a little out of my wheelhouse on that but you're absolutely right. I just think it's like a compatibility thing like I know when I do that type of an exercise compared to others I tend to just feel less pain. I also know my wife does as well and so I almost wonder if that's a compatibility like we both just have a high threshold for that when we're exercising when we're doing anything even recreationally that doesn't matter. My partner might fiance we're now engaged. Is a professor at Stanford Beth Darnell and she's an ex-altramarathon runner. And I've always admired the fact that she can sit there in front of a computer or work on something untold hours and not move and I'd ask her and like and she's just like listen I was really good with running with a pebble in my shoe putting one foot after another and just work in my way through it. And I similarly grew up in an environment where you know you learn to be tough and you learn to power through life-set versities. So what is the consequence of this? So we're acknowledging that it is an attractive trait. Yeah. You have a high tolerance of pain. Yeah. Society rewards it. And yet by definition as a significant subset of the part of the population, call it a third, call it a quarter if it's a normally distributed function. Yeah. Are going to be a standard deviation on the other side? Right. They're going to be on the side where hey they're relative to people who have a high tolerance for pain. These are people who are going to really perceive pain. And if we just did this through the lens of the responsibility of the medical community, there's a pretty significant consequence to that, right? Indeed. Now as with all things it gets a little bit more nuance. We talked about cold for instance. It turns out that some of the sensitivities are modalities specific. So just because you have a high threshold for cold, you could completely flip it on hot or pressure or pin prick or whatever the other modality is. As somebody who runs a pain lab, I've had everything done to me, imaginable. I take heat really well. My son, Ian, takes heat really well. I've had, you know, these thermal devices on me where I've been there and ended up with second degree burns to find my seven out of ten. I hate the cold. I hate the cold. I'm a worse one. It comes to the cold. That's why I live in California. That's why I lived in Arizona. I think there are genetic aspects of this. So we have to be mindful modality specific on top of it. These experimental protocols probably have little bearing on somebody's experience of chronic pain. I was going to say, is there any way to put together a set of experimental lab versions of this to basically generate predictive models of how people will respond to real world pain. And I think where you're going with chronic pain is even more relevant. So for example, why do some people have a discerneation that leads to, you know, manageable pain whereas for others, the exact same injury by every metric available to us produces a totally different set of consequences and what do we do about that? And because this is now where we move out of that decartion model, we appreciate the role of the brain and it's modular Tory capacity. It's ability to turn the amplifier down. And so if you're thinking about a stereo amplifier, we talked about how some people to a certain stimulus might be a zero or one on the dial, some might be a ten. But what we didn't talk about are people's capacity to now manage their pain cope with their pain, their level of self-affecacy around their pain. Athletes learn how to manage their pain and suffering. Where they run into problems is when the sports are over, they're retired. That's when I see them. So there are many factors that predict how well somebody is going to do with chronic pain. They align with a lot of the stuff in your book. So, you know, there's the level of person's self-appacacy plays a role. There is the presence or absence of whether they've got underlying depression, anger, anxiety, something called catastrophizing, terrible word, very important concept, probably one of the most predictive of amplified pain. What about other things you talked about sleep deprivation, any other physical things, exercising, not exercising insulin resistance, not insulin resistance, type of like what are the other things that might factor in this? Yes, yes, one of the biggest predictors of diabetic neuropathic pain is glucose control. So, you know, one of the first things we do if we have a person with diabetic neuropathy, which the diabetes, the high blood sugar, as you know much better than I, causes injury to those no susceptive fibers. And also causes injury to the abata inhibitory fibers. And so, we, that correlates with glucose control by way of example, diet plays a role because if you're eating things that are causing inflammation, we didn't talk about all of this stuff that amplifies or winds up those peripheral nocice sectors. We treated those as a static thing when they're not, they're dynamic. So, in the face of inflammation, that causes something called peripheral sensitization. You've turned up the amplifier on that nocice sector in the periphery.