Let's talk about polycystic ovarian syndrome. So what's the prevalence of it in, let's say, women aged, call it 15 to 30? Yeah, super common. About six to eight percent of women will have polycystic ovarian syndrome. Most common symptoms are irregular periods. Also evidence of high-endrogen levels, and that could usually present with acne or excess hair growth. We call that here's a autism obesity or being overweight. That's also part of the syndrome, not everybody who has any other. And the origins are specifically testosterone. Could it be just testosterone just the HAA, DHTE? Both. Yeah, both, but typically elevated testosterone from the ovaries. Yeah. So is that the cause or the effect? We don't know. We don't know, but it's definitely seen in almost all women with PCOS that they have higher androgen levels. And why is PCOS seemingly also highly associated with insulin resistance? Again, we don't know exactly, but we think the endrogens play a role. We think there might be some genetic factors that play a role. I don't know that we understand why, but we certainly have recognized in the last several decades that most women with PCOS also happen to be insulin resistance. So then the question is, what do we need to do to treat PCOS? Right. So depends on the goal of the patient. Right. So if they're trying to get pregnant, there's one set of treatments. If they're not trying to get pregnant, but they have PCOS, then we usually focus on their cycles. It's generally not a good idea to go too long in between cycles because what can happen is the lining of the uterus can overgrow. If it overgrow too much, it can become what we call hyperplastic, worst case scenario, cancer, or so you definitely don't want that. So it's important to be shedding that lining or to be on hormonal suppression so that that doesn't happen. If the goal is to treat the hyper-endrogenic symptoms like the acne and the hercetism, again, hormonal treatments, usually effective for that. And when you say hormonal treatments, you mean like spironalactone and things like that. Well, usually start with birth control pills. Birth control pills, very effective for most symptoms of PCOS. It'll regulate the cycles, decrease androgen levels, help with hercetism and acne, etc. Okay. So women with PCOS doesn't want to get pregnant. Right. Just wants to reduce the androgen impact and protect her uterus. A constant oral contraceptive is a great strategy. It's a great strategy. Yeah, there are others. You know, it could be a progestin, IUD. That's a hormonal way of IUD. Yeah. So there are a number of different ones or just taking progesterone every few months that usually will help protect the lining, but probably won't decrease the antrogen levels. So now let's talk about the woman with PCOS, but who is also trying to conceive. Right. What is your playbook? So we always count as these patients as well. I should mention whether they're trying to get pregnant or not, especially if they're overweight or obese weight loss helps, you know, with all the symptoms of PCOS. So healthy diet, lifestyle, etc. And how much of a role are GLP1 agonist playing in this now? How much more success are you having with treating PCOS that way? Yeah, increasingly. And they're very successful as you know, for weight loss. And there've been some studies on PCOS patients specifically very effective. But yeah, do you know any of those data? I'm not familiar with it. Yeah, they work really well. Just like they work. Can people with diabetes or people who with obesity without diabetes? Problem is you can't get pregnant while you're taking them in the current recommendation is to stop for at least two months. And pardon my ignorance. Why? Because we don't have any data on why they're safe. Yeah. And so FDA is saying when FDA, I forget the FDA's classification for this is like ABCX or something like that for every drug. Yes. I haven't looked for that one specifically, but I'm sure it's like X because we have no data. OK. So that's an important message for anybody listening. If you're trying to get pregnant, you should not be on a GLP1 agonist because we don't understand the impact of that. Right. You can be on it pre-pregnancy just the recommendation is to stop for at least two months. OK. Now having said that, there have been lots of you may have read about a Zempek baby. So like people getting pregnant on GLP1. So there is a registry. And so far to my knowledge, there haven't been reported birth defects in that type of thing. But obviously we're talking about small number. OK. So that's the other point. Now that you mentioned that, I now recall hearing about that. So presumably, these are women who have taken either semi-glutite, trisepotite, and presumably they get pregnant. Yes. Either intentionally or not. Right. OK. So that's a very interesting registry to follow. Right. Right. Now of course, once they find out, they're pregnant. Usually. There's just a council on this stuff. Yeah. So we don't know what would happen if you continue. I don't think anybody wants to do that. Study at the moment. Yeah. It doesn't make sense. We know. Certainly don't want women who are pregnant to not want to eat. Understanding that a woman who's got PCOS is going to be first counsel to make these changes that effectively help her lose weight and increase her metabolic health. Let's say she is somewhat successful, but still unable to address the concern. Right. So luckily, they're very good. Obulation and docy medications available. So what we would typically recommend for someone to PCOS to help them ovulate more regularly is a medication called lettrousal. The brand name is fromara. And it's just a medication you take for five days in your cycle. And then we can usually assess ovulation with the ultrasound. And what does it do? Basically it's category of medication called aromatase inhibitors, which blocks the... To virgin testosterone to the... Right. Androgynous to estrogen, that lower estrogen, somehow triggers the pituitary to increase the secretion of FSH and LH and that stimulates the ovary to again get one of those follicles. So you give the full dose of endometrial progesterone for five days. The second you take it off, it's the withdrawal of progesterone that causes the lining to shed. Right. And then we call that day one. And then you set on day five, we go ahead and start ripening the follicle, right right, right, putting the follicle with the aromatase inhibitor. Three to seven. Yeah. For five days. Okay. Wow. Yeah. And then we usually do an ultrasound around day 12-ish. And you could see one of those follicles starting to grow. Usually not all patients will respond. So sometimes we have to increase the dose or sometimes we have to try a different medication. But most patients with PCOS will respond to that medication. So would you say that every single woman out there with PCOS who wants to get pregnant has access to a doctor that understands what you just described and can do that for her? Or do you worry that too many women are being shunted to IVF too soon without an attempted something like this? I definitely think they're probably not enough people who totally understand management of PCOS, especially in the context of fertility treatment for sure. And even in the context of non-infertily treatment often what I hear from patients is they had irregular periods. Somebody told them to start going on the birth control pill. They never told them why. They didn't even know what they had PCOS, right? Happens to be correct treatments. So great. They've gone years now not understanding that they have PCOS and the implications of that, which as we talked about their metabolic implications, etc. So that's a problem. But once they want to become pregnant, very few general gynecologists are set up to be able to treat patients with either climate or electros, some of them do, but it's not like a fertility clinic with reproductive and chronologists because we're set up to do monitoring seven days a week in that type of thing. But not everybody has access to it for totally specialist kind of very dependent on where you live a little bit better now with telehealth, but still access to the salon. You have to do the salon Graham when you're doing this. You don't have to, but you want to know whether the woman's responding meaning that she's actually ovulating. There are other ways to assess that. If she gets a period at the right time, that she probably ovulated or if she gets pregnant, of course, or you can check a progesterone level in the Ludio phase, the second half of the cycle, if it's elevated, she probably ovulated. Yeah, we just happen to use ultrasound. It's just easier. And so you kind of alluded to it, but I'm guessing you're saying, look, we would give this three tries. Would that be a fair assessment? Usually. So we'd go through three consecutive cycles of this. And it's interesting. So there's two ways that this treatment could fail. The first is, each time we did the ultrasound, we just didn't see an egg. So not responding to the follicle stimulation. Let's talk about what the implication is there. Alternatively, you could say, God, three out of three months, we actually got ovulation. But we didn't get fertilization. If you were three months of that, I assume in parallel, you're doing the male work up. Because nothing would be a greater crime than going to a regular job. And then you figured out the sperm was the problem. But let's assume you have that box, check. Would you be more inclined to continue that treatment for another three to six months? Yeah. And someone who hasn't been ovulating, they haven't tried for a year, even. Have anything met the criteria for total? Exactly. So there's nothing magic about three months, but at least a check-in point where we say, hey, do we continue doing this? Or do we move onto something else? So if it's a young person, and this is like the first time they're ovulating in their life, then yeah, we give them more time on a less invasive treatment, less expensive treatment. Okay. If they're like 38-40, we probably move on to something else. I'm Peter Atia. This podcast relies exclusively on premium subscribers for support, which allows us to provide all our content without taking a single penny from advertisers. I believe this keeps my content honest, making it a trusted resource for listeners like you. As a premium member, you'll get immediate access to our entire back catalog of AMA episodes, and all future AMA episodes. You'll get longevity, focused premium articles packed with actionable insights. You'll get unrivaled show notes for each and every episode of the drive, every topic, every study, every resource from each episode, carefully curated for you. You'll get quarterly podcast summaries where you'll learn my biggest personal takeaways from the previous 90 days of expert guest episodes and much more. This journey doesn't have to be navigated alone. We can take these steps towards a better, longer life together. Become a premium member today at PeterAtiaMD.com forward slash subscribe to join me in a shared commitment to a healthier future.