Do you have any concerns with long-term safety or anything other than simply the economics of the GLP ones in this current generation? Again, huge leap forward between Lira Glutide and Semiclutide. Yeah. And I've discussed briefly elsewhere on the podcast, what the roadmap looks like for how many of these drugs are in the pipeline. Oh, yeah. There seems to be no end in sight. We're going to look back at Semiclutide and say, God, that thing was pedestrian. That's going to happen. So what give us the bear case? Yeah. What should we be concerned with? What should we at least looking out for it? Yeah. I would say, overall at the present time, I would consider these drugs to be quite safe. The major issues, Jeff, they'll go slow because of the GI toxicity. Where is the controversy involved? And it's something that I'm involved with myself. When you lose 20 or 30% of your body weight, you lose muscle mass. Now, I just gave a talk on this to one of the pharmaceutical companies that involved in this area. I'm not going to name the name of the pharmaceutical company. But I started off by saying, look, here is now a study with real data. This is a gastric bypass surgery study, room-wide bypass. When the people lost, I think it was 33% of their body weight. And their lean body mass came down quite significantly. One of the problems is people make sure lean body mass, and that's not a real measure of muscle mass. In fact, it can be a very bad measure. You should measure muscle mass. But let's assume that the lean body mass largely reflects the reasonable assumption, muscle mass. So muscle mass came down. Okay? So why is that so bad? How much did it come down? Because if your total body mass came down by 33% but three quarters of that mass was fat. And only one quarter of that was lean, we would consider that acceptable. And this is where the controversy is. Because no one is really measured muscle mass. That's right. We're doing it. Okay. We will have it definitively. And you're doing that with MR. MRI. Yeah. Okay? So it's gold standard. Now I said, look, in this study, they measured absolute strength. You can do grip strength or leg strength. And absolute strength went down a little bit. Okay? Maybe 25%. Were these patients exercising during the period? No, no, no, no, no. No, no, no. No. Then they said, let's express strength for weight loss. Weight. Yeah. Up by 50%. Per app in particular goes up by 50%. And then they said, how far can they walk? They went from walking 200 yards to miles. And then they said, one of the things is how many times can you get up out of a chair in a certain period of time? And it increased like three or fourfold. And they measured your VO2 max. Yeah. Yeah. Of course, which is heavily dependent on weight as well. Yeah, it all got better. But in absolute terms, the VO2 max get better, not necessarily. Yeah. The total VO2, not normalized per kilogram. No, everything got better. Okay. So I said, so why you guys? So it's counterintuitive, by the way. Normally when you lose weight, VO2 max and leaders per minute does not improve, because you have less metabolic tissue. But here, for whatever the reasons are, maybe all of the fat that's pushing on your lungs, so you can't oxygenate the epocardial fat that's not allowed in the heart that contract the fat that's in the heart is causing myocardial lipotoxics, which I believe is real. These things are all changing in a positive way. So again, it's a balance. Yeah. Yeah. So of course, they don't like this. Because if the people in the head all kinds of psychological questionnaires, why weren't they happy with these results? Well, because they, now the companies are all looking at developing drugs that will preserve the muscle mass or increase the muscle mass. But basically what I'm saying is that look, there's a huge, it's lean body mass. We have to say it's reflecting muscle mass. Everything gets better. The patient feels better. They can walk better, they feel stronger, et cetera, et cetera. Why are you so worried about muscle mass? Like I look all these gloomy faces, because they're all developing mice that inhibitors are event. And so then the next slide comes up and says, retort. Here's a good thing. So now if you lose all of this body weight and you improve insulin sensitivity and muscle and you improve it in the heart and they're cardiovascular benefits and you correctly improvement in all of the cardiovascular risk factors, now even though you lost muscle mass, if you've improved insulin sensitivity, there may be an enormous benefit of seeing the improvement in the muscle insulin sensitivity, even though you've lost muscle mass. And they do have some concerns about these drugs, these mice that inhibitors that actually may have some negative effects in the heart. My suggestion is actually you may find a big improvement in my cardiovascular function from these, where are myostat and inhibitors in their development, right? Yes, yes, yes. And of course, I think we've talked about myostat and before on the podcast, when you inhibit myostat and you increase the expression of striated muscle of which cardiac is striated muscle. It was through the event to A and to B system. Do you think that's a more promising pathway than the follow stat and pathway where follow stat and yes, I do. Increasing follow stat and inhibits myostat, but this is a more direct way to go about it. So you can either have their antibodies by my group of to myostat and or you can interfere with the signaling receptor itself. And we think that this can still be effective in a fully developed and mature adult. I mean, clearly this would be effective during development. And we see that in the animal. Yes. How effective is it? Because a lot of the animal work is sort of a character sure stuff. It's knockouts, right? Take myostat and knockouts and they look like body builders. But if you take a mature chicken or a mouse that's two years old and you give it a milestone and antibody, how robust is the response? Even more so, what about in a human? Yeah, exactly. We don't know the answer to that. What the phase two studies, obviously the toxicity passed in fast and phase one. Yes, yeah. I'm not concerned. There doesn't seem to be any adverse effect of these drugs. They wouldn't got through phase two. There are actually some fairly large phase. What's the indication? The indication? The circopenia? I don't know. You know, the FDA, if you have a sarcopenic disease, there are criteria that the FDA has established. If you want to develop a drug that you have to meet certain criteria, I'm not an expert in this. So I can't tell you exactly what these criteria are. But they're pretty well established. Let's say I put you on a gelp1 receptor, agonist in U-Loss 25% of your body weight. And I put you on a mice that inhibitor and that prevented the muscle loss. Didn't increase it, but just prevented it. So relatively. That would be ridiculous. I mean, if you took a 200 pound individual, who's 30% body fat. So they've got 60 pounds of adipose tissue on them. Yep. If you took 25% of their body weight off, you take them down to 150 pounds. But you're telling me, potentially, we prevent any deterioration of lean mass. Yeah. That means they're down to 10 pounds of fat mass on a 150 pound frame. So I'm making an assumption. This is pretty rare. This is remarkable. So let's say that happened. What would be the FDA's criteria? I'm going to give you a approval for this drug. I think the FDA would ask that you've also improved function in some way. Yes. And the function would probably be, have to be determined through absolute strength, not relative strength. It would be my guess. So I don't know the answer to this question. Because the way I think about these drugs is less about that situation. It's more in the, it's more in the sarcopheneic adult. This is the lead, particularly the older person. That's right. That's right. This is the elderly individual who's sarcopheneic, who's fall risk is enormous. Yes. And their risk of fall and morbidity and mortality is very high. And in that individual, I don't think the FDA will be satisfied with simply an increase in lean body mass unless it is accompanied by strength. Now, I think that some of the tests that are used here are silly. I think the six minute walk test should be folded up. This card put in the waist basket and never discussed again. It is such a stupid test. They do it all the time. I know they do. And kind of just makes me want to scream. Yeah. We need much more rigorous tests than a six minute walk test. We need a test that is actually more of a sub maximal test. So if we're testing cardiovascular fitness or some sort of peak aerobic fitness, we have to do more than walking. And if we're testing strength, I much prefer grip strength, leg extension, bench press. Again, these can be done with machines. They can be done very safely. But we really need to test strength. Well, you see, you're raising very important in critical issues. Because there are many, many companies that are going ahead with these drugs. That increase muscle mass. But to me, okay, increasing muscle mass, what does that mean? It needs to be some functional translation of that. And by the way, there could be other functional benefits that exceed strength. For example, glucose disposal could be a function. It's not that specific. That's the one to put it at the top of the list. That's right. Get rid of the insulin resistance. That they have to, they won't give them credit for that. I don't think. Yeah, but I think that, again, it's harder to tease out because there's more moving pieces. And they might argue there are easier ways to increase insulin sensitivity in glucose disposal. But one way to think about this is to go back to what if you did it the old fashion way? But if you got in the gym and lifted a bunch of weights, that's been done. Yeah. And it increases insulin sensitivity and functional strength. And so the question is, can we replicate that pharmacologically? And that is actually exactly the way I ended my discussion to these people. I showed them what resistance training did. And if you could show what resistance training did with your muscle mass increase, then you'd have something. You need to design this that is appropriately. And as I said, as you said, I don't know what the criteria are going to be that the FDA uses to judge these things. They do have a sarcopenia set of criteria. But that's a very different group of people that we're talking about. But this comes and hits on one of the things you asked me earlier. What about the lean person who's 80 years of age? Is this the right drug for that person? I don't know. Maybe not. But now let's say you have a healthy 80 year old person and everybody in the family lives to be 105. And they have diabetes. Well, they're at risk to, you know, the toxic effects of hyperlaseemia would it be reasonable to treat that person? We know this powerful effects on the beta cell. I would say it would be quite reasonable, but I think you need to monitor what's happening to their weight in other features.