Let's talk about prostate, which is obviously also the sort of the bread and butter of the field. So first off, which patients are typically being radiated? So that, the answer to that has been evolving. There was a time as recently as probably 20 years ago where we only treated patients who were probably medically and operable that the neurologist would say, hey, you know, this is a high risk and it's the patient. Let's send them to Dr. Mata for radiation. And that's a big reason why a lot of the older data was not as good for radiation because of the patient selection criteria. But in the modern era as we've gotten more and more precise and our side effects have gone down and our cure rates have gone up. Now it's pretty much wide open. We're pretty much anybody who's eligible for surgery would also be eligible for radiation. So there's not that big of a divergence as their once was. So I know see you've gotten to know Ted Shafer. So let's talk about kind of a patient that comes in to see Ted for a biopsy. They've got a glisin 3 plus 4. And then another patient who's a glisin 4 plus 4 or 4 plus 5 or something like that. Right. How does that patient navigate their way through the system as to whether or not they need radiation or should they undergo surgery and does endrogen deprivation therapy necessarily come with radiation or is there a scenario where you undergo radiation. But you don't require endrogen deprivation sure. So to answer your last question first, endrogen deprivation for high risk disease is certainly standard of care. Glisin 8 or higher for sure. The glisin 7s are always a sort of a gray zone. So for 4 plus 3 with high volume disease typically also do get concurrent and adjuvant endrogen suppression along with radiation. But one of the things that's really changing now is I know Ted talked a lot about it with the decipher score where they can look at the chromosomes of the actual cancer cells and have a much more granular view of exactly are they are they truly high risk. I can you maybe say that this one 3 plus 4 is more like a 3 plus 3 so we can refer a lot of the 3 plus 4 is now with the decipher test and there's also an AI test. I knew you had a really interesting discussion with your AI expert and I wasn't too long ago called Artera and we're using that that's actually in the NCC and guidelines now so that Artera test can help us differentiate between a unfavorable and a favorable intermediate risk patient. And essentially actually I treated my own father not too long ago. He was the first person I did this on. The Artera test is essentially they just use the actual images of the H&E slides that were already done for the pathologist and it's interpreted by a machine machine learning computer that has been trained on hundreds of thousands of prostate images from the old RT OG studies the 94s all the all the stuff that was done back in the 90s. And it cannot come back and say okay very much like decipher it can say that this is a 3 plus 4 but it's a favorable or an unfavorable person and that's in that subgroup. And so because of that we can stratify better and actually tailor it to where maybe a 3 plus 4 doesn't need energy and ablation at all. And maybe even some 4 plus 3 so they come back low enough on the scale where you could make you also have to talk about the side effects and whatnot but the standard of care was always to give concurrent energy and ablation for intermediate risk. And now we're able to really take some of those people out of the equation with these new studies. And is the main selling point because most patients just want things taken out right I have cancer taken out. So is the reason that a person might select radiation therapy, especially if it comes with the endogen deprivation therapy. Because of the sexual function and you're in every like what's the main advantage those are number one and number two. And that's the lack of incontinence and lack of impotence but of course when you have energy and ablation that sort of clouds things a little bit. But typically the number one thing we see is a patients who don't want to deal with diapers. And for the most part although incontinence is still described to some degree in the literature and my personal experience I don't think I've seen a single patient who came in continent who left with anything less than that there's no pads there's no nothing. Also being you know with our as I talked about with breast cancer we can also focus very precisely on the prostate itself. So the dose to the pain I'll bulb the dose to the rectum the dose to the prostate to the bladder are so low now that the side effect profile is essentially zero from a radiation standpoint. Maybe having hot flashes from the endogen deprivation and decreased libido and fatigue as you know but on the radiation side because we have all these tricks now very much like with breast the way we can avoid the heart and the lungs. In the case of the prostate we can almost completely avoid the bladder and the rectum and even the the pain I'll bulb now. So the quality of life those are the reasons why people tend to choose radiation. And I know we've talked about this before you're just not seeing the proctatitis. Almost none in fact now I know I think a Ted and mentioned in his last talk there's a there's a gel spacer that that is often inserted. It's an injection that's done transparently and it separates the the rectum from the from the bladder. But in my years of doing this when you're very diligent about how you do this very much like a you know you like a surgeon pays attention to the detail so to we. I can actually trim the dose off of the posterior prostate and just makes make sure the dose fall off between the posterior prostate and the anterior recto wall is so rapid that the anterior recto wall is always going to get some dose. But usually it's not clinically significant. And and what we do to to manifest to make sure that that is is a daily thing because we're talking about treating patients from multiple weeks. We actually coach the patient to come in with a full bladder and an empty bowel and by being diligent about that an imaging daily to double check that in fact the bowel is emptying the bladder is full that it that allows those two organs to separate from the prostate. And even a few millimeters of separation is all we need to take advantage of our modern focused radiation beams. What about patients that are inoperable. First of all, and you know what leads to a patient being inoperable. And how do they show up. So you know typically the urologists have already screened the patient because that everyone's first first exposure is going to be to what the urologist tells them and luckily in this day and age I'm lucky we have. People much like Ted who are very open and who are very. Open to not just doing surgery but you actually look at the other options present everything to the patient. But typically a patient who maybe was medically an operable will certainly come to me. But even somebody who maybe is on the borderline who wants to watch the both sides of the token. A general urologist will send them to a surgical specialist and to me and we'll go through all the pros and cons of everything and really what it comes down to to not to not to you know. Belabor the point it comes out of two things you want you want to be cured curators key. But quality of life is equally important if not more important for most people. And so now that cure rates with our modern focused radiation allow it to get such a high dose into the prostate. We can say that they're essentially equivalent to surgery so we don't have that deficit like we did 20 years ago when our fields weren't as precise it was sort of the shotgun approach versus our you know sniper approach now. Because the cure rates are better and it really comes down to the quality of life changes.