So let's talk about some types of x-rays that people are familiar with and give a sense of radiation dose. And I'm also curious as to how much this depends on the size of the individual. In other words, does a person that is larger receive more radiation for this same test layer? Sure, and they certainly do because you have to use more energy to get into a larger person having said that there's two different things. And what we normally deal with when I'm talking about dose to a tumor is the dose actually at that spot versus a whole body dose, which is a very different metric. And so for someone who I'm treating with say eight weeks of radiation for prostate cancer, their prostate may get 80 gray in 1.82 gray fractions per day. But that's literally only to a small volume roughly the size of the prostate gland itself. And when you even get just a few millimeters away from that, that dose gets cut in half. And then it's exponentially lower because the intensity of the radiation varies with the square of the distance. So as you get even a couple of feet away that goes down significantly. But typically a patient who is getting 80 gray, if 80 gray was a whole body dose, that would obviously be lethal. But the whole body dose is more like a few milligrams in that sort of situation. So we typically don't see like full body sequelaire anything from doing even the heavy duty diagnostic treatment. Now for the CT scan, we almost consider that negligible in our area because again, I'm dealing with a mega voltage, high dose cancer, killing radiation. And so when they get a CT scan, which is going to be just a few millimeters or a milligray, that's almost considered rounding air versus what they're getting to the tumor. And let's take something like a chest X range. So chest X range, again, people should anchor to this idea for what it's worth. And we can come back to this. And our C says, hey, limit your annual radiation to 50 milly c-verns. You've got 2% of that just being alive because you've happened to go outside and exposed to the sun. So the other, you know, 98% might come through flying diagnostic. Let's say you fly a lot, that might get you up another 10%. So let's talk about a chest X rate. You've got a cough, you go to your doctor, they do a chest X rate. That's how many milly c-verns for a normal size person. Normal size person, it's a fraction is probably less than one milly c-vern actually. So it's significantly, it's something that where, you know, people who are concerned about things like diagnostic mammograms in all every year, you're still talking about maybe one milly c-vern, even a little bit less than that was some of the newer machines. And so you're in a zone where it is, you know, there's a principle we talk about it's called alara, a, a, a, a, a, which is as low as a reasonably achievable. And that's been the sort of the mantra for our radiation safety people, the nuclear regulatory commission and whatnot that you want to keep things as low as possible. But having said that when you're talking about numbers of less than 50 milly c-verns, that's kind of an arbitrary number. So it's not like getting, you know, people who've got, I should have maybe gotten a chest actually when I had my cough last time. But I just, I just don't want to do it. I don't want the exposure. But it's so minimal in terms of biological effect that we really don't even really worry about those, even if it's getting one of them a month or so. And a big reason for that is a lot of these numbers, especially the 50 milly c-verns number is extrapolated from higher exposure rates. And so it's so there's something called a linear, no threshold model or LNT. And that's been written about extensively. And that's what we're all taught in radiobiology and residency. One fourth of my radiation training and residency was actually radiation biology in addition to clinical oncology and radiation physics. But so the linear, no threshold model is what states that even, you know, we know based on all the data from, you know, from a nuclear fallout from Chernobyl from three mile island of course from Hiroshima, Nagasaki from the bombs that at a certain dose exposure, there's a certain risk of developing a cancer or any other endpoint whether it be dermatitis or bone marrow suppression or all these numbers are well sorted. But when you try to extrapolate lower, so you take, maybe say a dose of say one full severt of the thousand milly c-vern, you start extrapolating that lower and lower to where you're looking at like 150 milly c-verns, the linear model assumes that there's some level of damage even if those lower levels. But in reality, there's actually a threshold. There is the LNT which is linear, no threshold has actually been proven to be actually erroneous. And so at very low dose is it's actually been shown that there's almost no incidence of any sort of biological damage. And there's also it's controversial, but there's animal studies, so there may be a hormesis effect at low low doses like that. So let me get down below. Don't be a little bit of what that means because that's sure. That's obviously going to come back later in our discussion. So, you know, regular listeners of your podcast and all about hormesis and you talk about that in the exercise realm and it called plunges and so on as and whatnot. But the whole idea is doing some degree, a small amount of cellular damage when the body repairs that it actually comes back stronger than it was without the exposure in the first place. And in animal studies, they've actually shown it very low dose as we're talking about single digit milliseverage here that they've seen in mouse bones, for example, increased osteoclast activity. Our excuse me, decreased osteoclast and increased osteoblastic activity. So the bones actually heal quicker. And some of the soft tissue as well has been has been shown to actually recuperate and much in the way you see and the hormesis from other causes. And that's not something that we're claiming is widely accepted, but there is a lot of data showing that that is certainly a possibility which goes against this classic LNT model. And the LNT model itself, the guy that won the Nobel Prize for it in the 1940s, did this all on fruit flies and his work was disproven over the years after that. And so a lot of this low dose radiation safety stuff we have is certainly a a noble goal to keep the dose as low as possible. And when we get down to these millisceverage, I think that they're probably a little bit overblown in terms of the actual negative effects on the human body. When I think about where, for example, something like a CT NGO gram used to be, right? So that that would easily have exposed a person to 25 millisevers to do CT scan of the heart. Sure. You're doing it, you know, slowing the heart down, getting the contrast in there, et cetera. Today, they're really fast scanners. The best of the best scanners are somewhere between one and three millisevers for that same procedure. Sure. Certainly favor having patients get it's, you know, getting a scan with that, acknowledging though that I don't have amazing data to point to to say that the 25 milliseverat one versus just to make the math easy, the 2.5 milliseverat one, right, tenfold difference, poses any difference in risk. Exactly. Um, what, yeah, how how do you think about that? Would you say what would be your confidence in saying that 2.5 is not actually better than 25 from a cancer risk standpoint? So again, going back to that, a lot of principle, there's not a whole lot of data at these levels. I certainly would strive to keep it as low as possible, which is what that mantra says. But I would go with the machine that has the best resolution. And if 25 is if the radiologist tells me that that image is significantly better than a 2.5 milliseverat exposure. Some of the older machines are just less efficient. You may get at better image with the, with the lower dose. I think that dose is pretty negligible. It's really wood. So you're saying, I don't really care if it's 25 or 2.5 is well. And the good news is these brand new scanners are faster, which is why they're giving you less radiate exactly. Exactly. Exactly. And they seem to have better resolution. And the same thing implies that's on the diagnostic side. And on the therapeutic side where I am, our machines are called linear accelerators. And there's a similar progression as, you know, we, as we've been able to focus the beams more and more precisely that actually caught, it's a modulation of the beam. And you have a lot of photons being showered in the general vicinity of a patient, but you're blocking out everything except for a small area to treat. And the same way the newer machines do definitely have a lower exposure to the, you know, Eastern the room in general. So what should people be thinking about in terms of extraneous radiation? When should people be saying to their doctors, hey, do I really need this? You know, for example, when you go to the dentist every year, right, typically want to do a set of X-rays, is that anything people should be worried about? Not at all. Not in the least. I would certainly not skimp on dental X-rays, mammograms, if it's someone that needs cardiac workups and things like that. The potential, the risk benefit ratio is so heavily in favor of doing these studies that I don't even think twice about them. And when, and I think part of this comes from, I mean, I've been doing this 25 years now. I have so many patients who've been through, when the vitamin come to me as a cancer patient, they've been through so many CT scans. And nowadays we do PET scans. We follow up with annual PET scans after the fact that in which are not only the CT, but you've got a radioactive isotope that's being injected into them. And we just really don't see now. There are certain situations where you are giving a, like, for example, an intravenous therapeutic dose of radiation, safer thyroid cancer or things like that. There's certain new, uh, thermostics that are out there. In those situations, you have to be concerned because they can get into the multiple, you know, again, to a seaver range. But when you're in these millisiever ranges, it's such, it's so important to do these studies. The benefits of mammograms are so proven. Dental X rays. I don't really think twice about them. Okay. Um, by the way, just on the PET scan, the rate, what is, so if you do a PET CT, for example, which again, these are not routinely done. These are typically done in oncology patients only. Um, but just for my own understanding, a retox, working 50 to 100 millisieverts if you're doing a whole body PET CT. I think you can be in that range, yes. Okay. That's exactly right. And so PET CT is a relatively new, but up until maybe a decade ago, the PET scan was independent of the CT. They would do them separately. But the data is so much better when you have the anatomical CT data overlay with the PET that whatever that extra dosage is, I think it's well worth it in terms of the resolution of what we're able to see and what we're able to gain from that information.