I don't think we can have this discussion without giving people some understanding of what radiation is. And I would like us to do it in a way that's both rigorous enough that we can really get into some of the science of this, but also get into it gently enough. Right. People that maybe don't remember high school physics well enough, can come along for the ride and not get lost. But once we absolutely get into grays and milly seaverts and all that stuff, I want everyone to be fluent when we start talking about doses. Right. Right. Right. So, radiation itself, the term itself has kind of got a bit of a negative connotation, but basically it's part of the electromagnetic spectrum. So, you know, we have everything on the one in the range of increasing energy of photons, which are just particles of light. On the one end you have radio waves and microwave and the other end you've got in for a head and I'm excuse me, you've got ultraviolet and then you get into x-rays and radio waves. And now in the middle of all that is the visible spectrum. So when you see, I'm sure everyone's seeing the graphs where you've got the rainbow red green blue that we can see, the human eye can only perceive a tiny little narrow spectrum. And then on the on the low end, the radio waves are wave lengths. These are actually wave lengths and energies which are, which are the very low end energies you have things like radio waves. And in that situation, both radio waves and microwave are what they call non-ionizing. And you've talked about this on some of your previous podcast and you had a really good one with Atari Walla from Pranuevo, where he went to really, it was really nice in-depth discussion, but essentially the bottom line is that the low energy stuff that is non-ionizing cannot damage tissue. And that goes all the way up to visible light. Then when you start going to the higher energy x-rays, that's when you get both x-rays as well as ultraviolet light. And then the high and then the higher particles stuff. But basically the higher you go in the energy, in the energy, in the energetics of the particles, the more likely the exposure to these packets of energy are going to cause damage to your DNA. And why is it that the shorter the wave length? Because that's what's changing as you go from radio waves to micro waves to visible waves to ultraviolet. Why is it that is the wave length gets shorter the energy gets bigger? Yeah, I'm not sure what the reason is they're just they are inversely proportional to each other. I don't know that I guess I'm probably not enough of a physicist to answer their question precisely. But having said that, that is the the the the characteristic of this. And in doing so that's one of the big reasons why all the fallacies about your cell phone giving a brain cancer and all are just that their their fallacies because even having a cell phone on your on your ear for hours a day that's it's non ionizing radiation and standing too close to micro wave oven again non ionizing radiation. So that cannot damage yourselves the way that the other radio wave is too long that's right. The microwave is too long. It doesn't have the energy you can stand on it all you want. It can heat but it can't damage. Correct, it can excite the molecules, but it won't actually eject an electron which is what what causes an ion to form which is why it's called ionizing. And that's where we deal with on the I'm on the therapeutic end. So diagnostic radiologists deal with lower energy x-rays than we do the very high energy x is what we use in our linear accelerators to treat cancer. So that's the big difference there is kilovoltege versus megavoltege, but all of these are ionizing. Okay. So let's talk about how these are measured, how do we quantify them? Because people on the podcast have heard me talk about this I suspect we talk a lot about calcium scores and CT angiograms and PET CT. And so I think the frequent listener will have been somewhat familiar with how we talk about how to dose those things. Right. So radiation dosage there's a couple of different terms that we've talked about. The main one we talk about when we're talking about patient treatment is the unit called the gray and that's an SI unit that essentially is jewels of energy per kilogram of tissue. So that's what they call absorbed dose. So that's in tissue. Whereas when you're talking about exposure in the general in the air and in general exposures in the air and that's we usually use the term sievered for that. And actually both those terms for the most part are equivalent. It's just that the sievered itself will take into account if you have different types of x-rays, different qualities of x-rays that have different degrees of potential to be ionizing that they have a quality factor you'll multiply by. But for the most part we use the term gray when we're talking about for example when I treat a prostate patient they're going to get somewhere between 70 and 80 gray. But it's fractionated into small daily doses as to be tolerable for the body. And then when we talk about like millisevers like we're going to that's really just measure of exposure not absorbed dose in tissue per say. And what's the relationship between a gray and a millisevered is at a one to one. Yeah. So a gray and a seaver to technically a lot of it. So the gray also if anyone's kind of old school you read you listen to older stuff you heard the term rads. What if you've heard a rads. So one rad is equal to one centigrey. 100 rad is a gray. It's just an SI unit versus the old the older terminology. And a seaver is the equivalent only it's in air not in tissue. But a seaver to is a gray correct correct. So when you give 70 gray right you're giving 70 severs or 70,000 millisevers over the course of the treatment. That's correct. Okay. Yeah. And just so people can kind of anchor this to things that are familiar. Living at sea level exposes us to one to two millisevers of ionizing radiation a year. That's exactly what I'm wanted. And then of course at the altitude it could be double that. That's really live in Denver. It's easily double that or triple that correct. Just another thing for comparison. A pilot who spends a lot of time traversing the north pole, right, which is typically how they're going to fly. They're not going to go all the way around the center of the earth. Might get another three or four millisevers. It's quite a bit quite a bit. That's right per trip actually. So that's that can add up. And I was actually talking to a pilot friend about this. And they don't really have any sort of a limitation in terms of total exposure that requires them to be to be out of the to be taken out of the air. A lot of them, they're forced to retire at 65. I think there's the commercial requirement. But there's really they don't really monitor the actual exposure to that level to where they it's that. And I think the reason they don't really use that as a limiting factor for the amount of work is really just that even though they get a higher dose there's been no proven increase in cancer and those types of populations even in flight attendants or anything like that the same way that the people in Denver of the people here in Texas don't have any higher incidence of cancer. Now the NRC recommends that a person not be exposed to more than 50, I believe 50 millisevers of radiation in a year. Correct. Now someone like me that that's easy right unless I'm out there getting a lot of diagnostic radiology or of course undergoing therapeutic radiation treatment. But for someone like you who has to set patients up or one of your text is that are you guys approaching that level of exposure? Not at all and so it depends on what type of radiation we do. Now typically for our external beam machines we're doing it all remotely from behind a shielded wall. So the vault in which the machine is placed is custom built just to shield based on the angles that the machine can move through if there's like a direct angle where the machine is hitting a wall that wall has to be built 10 times thicker than the walls where the beam can't reach. So essentially our dose went treating remotely as close to zero. So we keep film badges and we've been it's almost become kind of a joke that when we're not doing breaky therapy which is dealing with actual live radioactive sources, our exposures super low, almost negligible really. But back when I was in residency doing a lot of GYN implants and things like that where you're putting CZM or a radium actually into the body cavities and you're actually up there putting it in up close we had a ring badge on and we would certainly as a resonance we'd rotate every month but if we didn't rotate some of the faculty actually got pretty high doses. And any idea what the sequelae of that was? I know a couple of folks the ones who did a lot of GYN therapy especially in the older days were talking about in the 80s and the 70s where you could actually see dermatitis on their hands from doing that because from the hand exposure. One of my faculty members actually had a giant cell tumor of the bone in her finger and again this is after decades and decades of doing it. It was a benign growth but that was a real thing. There's a lot of data out there especially people who were dealing in x-ray for dentistry and stuff like that back in the day when they didn't have shielding or anything like that that they would get dermatitis. The most common thing you'd see is skin irritation in that sort of situation. And dermatitis and even some kind of chronic flaking and things like that.