So we've talked a lot about radiation. We've touched a little bit on the idea of radio phobia, but does it stem from nuclear accidents as that largely where radio phobia comes from? I've done a deep dive into this year, which goes along with all these benign cases that I'm treating now, they're essentially arthritis tendonized, which we'll talk about. And what's really interesting is that this radio phobia is largely a U.S. space phenomenon, because the first case is, the first X-rays were discovered in 1895 by Ranking. In 1898, there was the first case described of actually radiating a, both arthritis type things, our anklosing, spondylitis, or other arthritis, and also tumors, even back then we had no idea how to work, but the case is pre-1900, they were already being used for that. And then in the subsequent now 120 plus years, we have this divergence where Germany and the U.K. are using, and all of Europe really, are using radiation routinely for arthritis in tendonitis, but in the U.S., it seems to be a basic, there was a lot of a nuclear phobia, the Cold War, like you mentioned, but another thing that's been talked about, there's a guy named Jason Becht that has a really good podcast on the subject, he's out of Vermont. Standard oil, the Rockefeller's, and I'll actually had a massive lobby group that were actually actively promoting oil over nuclear power plants. And the amount of spread went from just an energy, an energy into the general zeitgeist of our entire country. And so at that time, the radio phobia just caught on, and it was, of course, bolstered by World War II and seeing what happened in Hiroshima, Nagasaki. And then on top of that, you have the, you probably heard about the Radium Dial workers. There was a movie, and it's actually that's called the Radium Girls. These are essentially women in the 1920s that were using radio luminescent phosphorous paint to paint the watch. Being a watch guy, you'll probably appreciate that. But they literally, that was the only source of elimination they had. So in order to keep the brush is very fine, they were literally dipping it in the radium paint and then after each brush, they were licking the brush to keep the tips real fine. And so they were ingesting bits of radium. And so there were a number of cases where they ended up getting the radium is metabolized like calcium. So it was actually incorporating into the mandible and they were getting osteoradiome and a process of the jaw and things like that. So all of these different phenomena kind of added together became a big deal because prior to that, people were using the radiation for all kinds of crazy things. I was in sun tan lotions and waters and there was something called the Goridine that they were using for ED that you could know, topical saves that had radiation in them. And there was literally no end to it. And then when all this sequela started to come out that, hey, maybe this isn't such a good idea, that's when things took off. But now that we look back, the reality of it is is that a lot of that was really overblown, even so much so that those radium dial painters, which we hear about this from day one in our residency training, there was only a small percentage. I got in 50 out of 1,500 roughly that actually had toxic sequela. So most of them didn't. Is there a way to quantify how much exposure they had to raise? And that's the thing, you know, they've lived in different ways, but there have been some basic ideas. Again, we're talking about it was probably at that era, was probably a couple of millisever to that particular area, but it was daily for decades. And so part of the reason why they, if you actually look at the numbers, it was probably a super high exposure. When you spread that out, there was such a long period of time. That's sort of the general trend, like I mentioned earlier, it's not just the dose, it's the dose over time, it's, you know, the denominator matters a lot. And so that's why most of them actually did very well. They even used to use radium internal, the internal nasal applications in the 1920s to 1940s, essentially a radiation equivalent of a ton of cellulectomy radenoidectomy. And it was done in something like a half million to two million children in the US and even in the armed forces, it was done routinely back then. And there's been very few adverse sequela that were reported, I don't even know what the dose was, but it was high. So there's a lot of cases where the exposure based on our 50 millisever, where we talked about would just make people follow their chair, but the actual reality of it is is that many times the actual end results aren't as bad as we had expected. Again, hearing you say this, Andre, the listeners are gonna be thinking, what? Yes, because we're all so brainwashed into believing that radiation is horrible. Right. Right. I can tell you so many stories, I got patients who have had to treat, I had actually had a guy who was involved in nuclear testing at the Los Alamos in the 1940s. He's passed away now, but I saw him in his 80s, so this was in the early 2000s. This was 60 years after that. They had very little monitoring back then, but he was close enough to feel the heat from a thermonuclear bomb. And by the time I saw him, he had had thyroid cancer as you would expect. He'd had a one or two lymphoma, I think I ended up treating his prostate. So he'd had at least four or five different malignancies, but the guy was as functional as most 80 year olds are. The guy was still walking and talking and doing just fine. And it's actually seems that when you look at the population studies that were done outside the blast at Hiroshima Nagasaki, when you've got the initial concentration, everyone dies from the thermonuclear energy. But as you get several miles out, not only are the cancer rates actually roughly the same as the background, you actually see again evidence of hormesis where you have some patients in whom, or maybe not hermesis, but some sort of radio protection where you actually have lower rates of leukemia and thyroid cancer when you get a few miles farther out, than you did in the general population. So it's all very much dose dependent, time dependent, but I think the human body, we were evolved really to handle this to a larger degree than we realized, because again, mammalian DNA, we came from the background of the animal kingdom where there was tons of exposure from natural cosmic rays and whatnot. And then our predecessors had to be able to survive. Our DNA had to be somewhat resilient in order to get to this point. And I think it's more resilient than a lot of people give it credit for.