Let's use that as a bridge to talking about using radiation to enhance tissue. So this first came up maybe a year or two ago when I was lamenting. It must have been two years ago, I guess, because I was kind of lamenting my Achilles tendon, which I wouldn't say it was injured. I just had a little bit of tendon, I guess. It was just bugging me a little bit, you and me both, brother. And I'm exactly what you mean. And so it was through that discussion that we got into what we're talking about now, which seemed crazy, you know, I just decided I didn't feel like driving to use them all the time to undergo therapy and my Achilles is fine now. I just been sort of standard therapy but. I've sent a few patients to you who have had similar injuries. Both high hamstring tendonopathy's Achilles tendonopathy's. So talk a little bit about this idea. Sure. How prevalent is this type of treatment in Europe? How prevalent is it here? Right. So prior to probably 1970 or maybe 1980, it was very prevalent, even in the US. It was very widely done. So this is kind of everyone that talked about it now. It sounds like I'm doing something experimental and radical. But if you go over to Germany, again, going back to Ankelosing, Spondylitis, Papers in 1988, they've done, they do something like I hair between 20 and 50,000 patients a year in Germany and there's tons of, it's mostly observational studies. It's a very few randomized trials. But low dose radiation for tendonitis, osteoarthritis, plantar fasciitis, all the entities you can think of, birthitis. A low dose of radiation has a similar anti-inflammatory effect to what you would get from a colonel. Let's define the dose. So now we're talking about very low dose, meaning 50 centigrey or 50 rads, given six times over two weeks. So three gray, 0.5 times six, it's three gray, two of the affected joint, and using a very low energy machine. So this is especially in the sick case, as someone who's got a hand you're talking about electron beam rate. We just make sure I got that straight. You were giving 40 gray total to a breast. And now for the Achilles, you're giving how much? Six, three gray, six fractions of half a gray each. Okay, got it. So all six fractions combined is about the dose of one fraction for a typical cancer. Got it. That'll kind of give you the idea. And giving it in a superficial fashion where especially if it's a hand, you only have a couple of send it maybe a couple of centimeters of thickness. So we use what's called electron beam therapy. The same linear accelerator when the electrons go and hit the tungsten target and make photons. If you remove the tungsten target, you just get direct electrons. And electron energy can be modulated to where you can treat a superficial skin cancer. You can treat a knuckle. I can treat a temple squamous cell and not go into the brain. So these superficial things, and in the old days before they had linear accelerates, I told this goes back to the turn of the previous century, they had ortho voltage machines. And these basically created kilo voltage x-rays, we use now. And all they could do was superficial stuff back then. And that's where it works very well. The dose it just changed tremendously. But these days with the modern, the biggest data comes at a Germany half a gray three times a week. Monday, Wednesday, Friday for two weeks just to the effect to joint. And it has an anti-inflammatory effect very similar to either a, either a court zone shot or an insect. How many weeks is the course? Two weeks. That's a Monday, Wednesday, Friday, six treatments. And the protocol is what we typically follow. The German protocol is to wait 12 weeks. And you usually see depending on the joint, summer between a 60 and 80 percent success rate where the pain is, if not zero, at least markedly decreased. And then after 12 weeks, the German protocol allows for a retreatment. And then that point you get up to 90 plus percent success in terms of reducing pain. And this is for joint arthritis. arthritis, tendonitis, bursitis, plantar fascia. This is a really big one now that we're doing a bunch of. I've done probably close to 70 cases across the board, which is a story markable because anybody who's had it, you know, I had it once back in med school. So about 25 years ago. Did you get it treated? It was it just, uh, not just resolved went to PT and rolled on golf balls and did the usual thing. But it, you know, it took months to get better. It's such a big deal. So you're saying, so of the patients that are coming to see you with plantar fasciitis, how many of these patients? How long have they been hurting first of all? Many times for years. And in fact, my biggest cohort recently which is still relatively new, haven't done thousands of patients like I can speak from decades of experience with cancer. We're talking about, you know, dozens to hundreds. A couple of surgeons that were having trouble standing and operating. They literally couldn't, you know, couldn't perform their normal duties. Six treatments to the to the fascia and they're walking like nothing ever happened. How long after the last treatment did it take for them to experience? In the case of plantar fasciitis, it was almost immediate. Like within within a week, I have other cases, especially when we do like knee arthritis. If there's a lot more pathology going on in a knee, uh, I treated my own achilles, which I can tell you about took two months or so. So it was almost, I was almost wondering if it was going to work or not. I was my own first patient before I offered anybody I treated my own treat. I was a physician heal myself, right? And so I literally jumped on the table because a colleague of mine had posted about it that he did his, he's a radiation I call it just been Florida. He tried it out. And so I was like, you know, I have the machine. I know this should work in theory. We've just never talked about it in residency. Then I look at all the German data. There's tons of it. It's like, why do we not do more of this? And it's sure enough. Like, I'm actually my own personal case control study because I did steroids and PRP and my left Achilles. And then later on this past year did the right side with only radiation and no steroids. And now I'm walking with that Olymp. And you obviously did the other side. Mm-hmm. No, I know actually I didn't. I didn't. I didn't. Because I did the PRP actually finally did because I had two cortisol shots and PRP in the left. And then a year later radiated the right. And so both of them are holding a pretty well so far. Got it. The other area that is a huge interest for me at least is the very, very high hamstring tendonopathy. So that that is chill tuberosity pain. Very, very common for runners. Sure. Seems to be anecdotally much more common in women than men. That's a pelvic an eye. I've only treated women for some reason. Yeah. And they've all had tremendous results. Yeah. Again, so it's still the same protocol. It's the three over six treatments over two weeks. Exactly. For any type of an arthritis, you're essentially lacing all the macrophages and all in your eliminate that cytokine storm that would have normally resulted. It's very similar to what cortisol does. But the difference is it seems to be based on the study we've seen as much longer lasting than a cortisol shot. Not to mention the fact that you're not necessarily violating the capsule and causing other, you know, in the case of an Achilles tendon, you run the risk of rupturing it with multiple injections. So totally non-invasive. You just get up on the table. Most of my patients go right back to whatever they were doing and many of them are actually quite athletic and they don't take any breaks during treatment. They just do what they do. They're still working out. And just I've seen obviously patients with debilitating kiloids. What does it look like after the treatment? So the treatment has to be adjuvant after a surgical resection. If you just radiate an intact kiloid, it's not going anywhere. Okay. Because you don't have the DNA mechanisms of, you know, a week cancer cell that can be wiped out. So it kind of like doing a non-brected. But obviously, if the surgeon just did the resection, the kiloids coming right back. They did the fiber blasts go crazy and they roar right back. So in order to do it right, a lot of people do it. And they have multiple recurrent to rate treatments, kiloids even after treatment. You have to do the first treatment the same day of surgery. So you just letting those fiber blasts get a chance to have any sort of a foothold. So I will literally arrange it with the dermatologist to do the resection, send them straight to me. So we get the first dose in that day. And ultimately the cosmetic outcome is as good as if they didn't have radiation. You'll see the scar wherever it is. We get sometimes kids that have had acne scars all over their chest that have these bumps everywhere and they're all reseected flat. And you're radiating, they just stay flat. You don't see any sort of dermatitis from radiation. I think what's amazing to me is I just think there's so many people that don't know this, right? I think there's too many people that are walking around sort of suffering right there from something that's cosmeticly upsetting like a huge kiloid, especially on a visible part of their body. Obviously, the people, everybody listening can relate to some nagging injury, tennis elbow, golfer, elbow, Achilles tendonopathy, hamstring tendonopathy. These things nag for years at times. Yeah, I think the day that I was showing some like one in seven people in the country are afflicted and the socioeconomic costs are massive. And there's also going to your whole quality of life and longevity bias. I mean, we're talking about something that can really affect some of the ability to exercise at all and it can lead to exacerbation of other medical problems. So it's a huge problem. And do we have a sense of the durability of this? So for example, I have a little bit of osteoarthritis at my AC joint right. It's barely bothers me, but everyone's in a while if I'm doing something really violent overhead, reaching for something or I play a ton of football with my son, it'll bug me for like three weeks. I'll take a little bit of ad villets fine. Right. If I did a treatment there, would it be done or am I doing this treatment annually? How would it work? And there's a lot of variability that depending on what the actual anatomy that's causing it, if it's literally just a straight-up osteoarthritis case with no physical structural issue, I've seen cases. Now again, I've only been doing this about a year. So I don't have the 25 years of experience I do with cancer. But I've talked to there's a couple of doctors who do this routinely. They've been doing it for 20 years in LA. One of them treated his own neck, shoulder, and spine. He's 15. I think he's at 15 years out. And it don't it, obviously, but never had to retreat himself. Typically, the German studies allow for two treatment, two retreat minutes. Because the dose is so low, radiobiologically, I don't see any reason why you couldn't do it. I don't know about annually, but maybe every few years or something like that. But there seems to be a fair bit of data that a lot of patients who don't have other struck like a knee that's bone on bone, it might only last a month or a man, I even work. But for the other ones, the hands and all it seems like it's certainly longer lasting than any sort of core zone shot. But I think months are very reasonable and probably years for most people. Now what about non-Austin arthritis like rheumatoid arthritis? Yes. Is there any reason to believe that this could help with sort of the debilitating injuries that those patients? So I've done three cases of rheumatoid arthritis in one guy that had a gaudi arthritis as well. Because again, it's a systemic disease. I'm not going to pretend to be able to cure that with a local treatment. But to a single knuckle that's driving them nuts, it's still an inflammatory process. And yes, it works great for that. So I've done that. So if a patient has rheumatoid arthritis where they're really experiencing a lot of deformation in the hands, you think you can help that patient with the local part of it? Yes, it won't reduce the deformation necessarily. A lot of that is long-standing. But if they've got, we're treated early enough in the course of disease. Yes, I think that there's no strong data to support that, but I don't see why it wouldn't work personally. And it definitely, if I'm a purely palliative standpoint, just to reduce pain, it does work. You just have to, you've to manage their expectations. What are some other examples of where this could be used in your experience so far in terms of reducing reliance on NSAIDs or opioids or other things like that? Tennis elbows become a big one doing several of those. And how much do you, how far down the arm do you irradiate? I would, I'd base it on where the patient might, they palpate. If they're getting pained down into the break, you're radiating allows. And if it's if it's sort of radiating further down, I'll treat a larger field because again, there's no reason not to bigger fields are better, no need to be bigger. And it's just six, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, so and again, that's three-grade locally. And it's in, it's to an area where there's no vital organs nearby. The total body dose is negligible. It's like getting a cat scan initially for the rest of the body. So I would treat definitely the joint capsule a little bit of the distal humorous and the proximal radius and whatever else. But if it's hurting larger, I'll just treat a larger field. And in that case, we use a posed lateral beam. So the patient will just lay there. The beam will come in from one side and rotate around from the other side and we treat them well because that way we get the same type of homogenous dose we do with our cancer patients. But if it was more disillivable, it's like we've actually done several piano players that have dequire veins, tendos and a virus and they're wrist. And because when you're stretching to play those notes, all my music, I'm a musician as well. I mean, my musician, friends are coming to me and the wrist pain is going away. And actually, again, very quickly, my biggest patient cohort so far are former patients because they don't have radio phobia. They're like, I've been through 80 grade, my prostate. This is a joke and I'm bringing my wife with me. And half the times the wives sit there for their daily treatment anyway. And they start chatting in the lobby. So we do the wives hand the same time during the husband's prostate. And for the most part, the hands, the wrist, the elbows, it's very rapid. In the case of the tendonitis like my Achilles, it was a couple of months, but that's not outside of the window of what we've been conditioned to expect from all the Germans studies. So it can be not as immediate of a relief as a steroid shot, but it does seem to be more durable.