Now we've opened a Pandora's box, which is this individual who's feeling a little fatigued. Can't figure out why. Some things wrong with them. They're fatigued. Maybe it's, you know, fill in the blank. I don't know what it is. First doctor they see does traditional work up and says, I, you know, you're all your hormones look great. I don't, you know, everything that I can see look at. But you're going to find that person within the first three, depending on which door you open, who's going to come up with an explanation. And they're typically going to have a solution for you that's pretty off the beaten path. If you go to a car mechanic and say your car squeaking in the engine, they're going to have a wonderful solution for your engine, even if it's not required. If you go to a psychiatrist and say, I think I need meds, guess what they're going to give you medication. And if you don't enough doctors, they're going to find some problem, recommend some intervention, whether it's homeopathic, whether it's diagnostic, you know, whether it's a prescription, something, they'll give you something because they want you to feel better. Yeah, I think part of it is that when you're a hammer, everything is an ale syndrome, but I, I think that, and that would be the most charitable explanation for what I think is going on, which is truly, there are just a lot of real charlatans out there that are, you know, just not not practicing any former reasonable medicine, not even evidence informed. Right. Like evidence based, I get this limitation. Yes. And I will fully acknowledge the limitations of evidence based medicine. I agree. But, but, but there is at least a threshold of evidence informed medicine. But when you start saying that the answer to your slightly elevated cesium level, which, by the way, no lab has ever documented what the upper limit of that should be anyway, but let's just assume that my arbitrary level is too high and you're slightly above it. So that's clearly the explanation of everything that's going wrong with you. And I'm going to hand you some supplement that, by the way, I happen to also sell happen to sell. How big are you? Look, it's your lucky day. It's right here. You found the office. You found the guy that knows how to cure elevated cesium levels. That's the challenge I suppose I have, right, which is, it's the challenge I have. You were wearing the same boat. You're asking me to, as a non-medical person, to make sure that someone's getting, you know, advocated for, spoken for and referred to by providers, they're going to go to find anyone. And I'm, I'm, above my pay grade to know whether that doctor knows what they're doing, whether recommending medications or off-label things that are, and how am I going to argue against that? So yeah, most things I specialize, like myself, who work in the space of a lot of health and medical and I have a career where we haven't talked about where I've done lots of medical training, medical work in my career. I'm informed. I'm knowledgeable. I also have medical people my family. I can ask the right things, but I'm trusting the medical people around me. So I'm on faculty at a university in Atlanta. I'm a adjunct faculty there. I got colleagues there. I got medical people around me. I surround myself with people that I think are sharp, psychiatrist, physicians, oncologists, just in case. And still, my patients are going to go to other doctors because they're just looking for the answer to me. That sort of within that health-inside spectrum. If every doctor you've gone to, that I trust has given you the best medicine possible or the best assessment possible, and you're getting no answer and you go to the next person, you don't need the DSM to go. Maybe this is more than just a medical issue. I'm still going to advocate for the medical needs. I'm still going to support them and join them. And I'm still going to help them see that your physical symptoms are real. Physical symptoms are real. That doesn't mean they're indicative of or prognosticate a medical condition. Half the battle I'm doing is education around that topic. Yeah, I think that's worth stating that again. Right? So if a person says, I'm experiencing this pain, that's real. 100%. You're just saying, don't assume necessarily that that means that there is an underlying medical reason for that or even something that you would find on the total best case scenario diagnostic. More often than not, there's not a great medical diagnosis or category that fits into the things that someone like, I mean I see. I mean I don't specialize that much in FND or sort of that functional neurological space of pseudo seizures or tingling arms or body part 2 can go numb. That's a whole another space of conversion disorders. But I'm talking about people that have chronic headaches, tummy issues, leg cramps, bones that feel sore and they've had every work up you could imagine that would be considered for someone who has bones that are sore. And there's about three or four conditions the most first of all, so I'm going to jump to and you say your bones are sore. When that's all been ruled out and they're trying to convince you, but my thigh, like I can feel the bone, I can feel the marrow feels like it's tearing itself up and we were talking about pain conditions. We're talking about, you know, neuropathic kind of conditions at some point the intervention, which is them doctor shopping becomes worse than the pain itself. At some point someone will prescribe you something and hopefully we're not doing with opiate to that point, but someone will prescribe you something, thinking that they have the magical cure to fix your distress, your pain. And that scares me. And my job is to sit with them and say the pain is real, the sensation is real, the symptom is real, but it may not really be indicative of the thing that you think it could be. And by the way going on WebMD or Google or because a social media influencer said if you have this, this is probably what it is, does not diagnose you. And so there's really this wonderful space of social media wearable devices, which I'm a big believer of, and the access that we all have to our medical records scares that hell out of me because we are now patients being our own advocates and showing up to doctors saying, this is what I found out online, I think I have this or this is what this person said and I think I have this or my, my looking at my watch here, my heart my heart rate's been up all week, doesn't that mean something? Yeah, means your heart rates up period. Does that mean anything else except your heart rate is up? And so most people to assume that means you're, you know, a risk for a heart attack or stroke or means if you stare, you're watching long enough, you don't have hair on your head like I do what if we talk about lies, guess what's going to happen a few seconds? We're both going to do in this because that's what happens. And if I mention your left pinky toe, Peter, have you thought about your left pinky toe? This entire time we've been together because you are now, how is the toe next to it doing? And by the way, now how's the right pinky toe going? Now we get to think about that. So if you think about that long enough, you're going to feel your left pinky toe. It's going to be tactile and sticky and maybe sensory. It was there the whole time. Your brain didn't have to think about it. How is your breathing right now? We don't think about breathing and I treat people who get fixated on swallowing. Breathing is got to be something in here. I have thyroid cancer. I have a softened jaw cancer because I feel something in there. You probably do feel something in there. And by the way, if you do this all day long and you create some some bruising, you're going to feel a whole bunch of more stuff in there. You know that better than I do. But to come in someone that there may not be something in there because they've been scoped, entested, and blood checked. And there's no signs of anything that's anatomical or physical and a throat, but they can feel it. It's not my job to say it's fake. It's my job to say you're struggling with something. And what are we going to do about that? That is the message there. Do you go one step further and say like you're creating this? Or are you saying no? I don't need to go that far. I just need to get them to understand that there's another explanation for this. There's no need to do that. Because if I take that stance, I'm now the next person who's the naissayer. On the next one who's invalidating them. And almost no therapist that I know would ever basically weaponize that or blame them for that kind of thing. What I can say is you may not have created it. And it you probably didn't create it. Like leg pains not being created. But if you sit there and focus on your left pinky tail, if you talk about life long enough, it's going to create heads and stations of it. That's how it works. When you focus on something long enough, you pay attention to it. And if you pay attention to it, you're more aware of it. And you're from more aware of it. And your brain actually works. It'll feel it. Phantom Lim syndrome research has demonstrated that. People putting a dummy arm and a fake arm and a mirror and whacking an arm, we can feel that in our nerve endings because our brain's processing information. So do we have a dead arm that's not connected to that's actually causing pain? No. Do we have a pain reception or an information process something going on? Probably. That's fascinating research. The point is is I don't have to tell them it's your fault or that you're creating it. But I can tell them that the thing you're doing is keeping it active. It's keeping it prominent in your focus. And as long as you focus on that, you're not focusing on anything else. And if you're not focusing anything else, we have a whole other disease. Disease one, there's something wrong with your thigh. Maybe not medical. Disease two, you're fixated on it. You won't leave the house. You're demanding opiates. You're complaining to people. Your husband doesn't want to hear anymore. Your doctors have cut you off. And I've worked with patients. I'm an alanta that have been blacklisted from two or the three major hospital medical systems because it's done so much doctor shopping and so much fighting with your doctors that it's a stress on the system. But they have the wearables and the social media and the online and access to their patient portal that proves that something's wrong. And just as an example, what types of things would they actually be doctor shopping for? What is this? What's a symptom that's a real world example? The ones I usually see the most are memory loss or memory slip ups, which some people would actually put into the functional neurological disorder spectrum. A lot of chest pain that has had every EKG in medical work up you can imagine or sensations like ants crawling or physical pain or a pathoc pain for which it has no explanation. Those are the most common ones which is and let's just take each of those in as much as you know details. I mean, what would be triggering events? I'm Peter Atia. This podcast relies exclusively on premium subscribers for support, which allows us to provide all our content without taking a single penny from advertisers. I believe this keeps my content honest, making it a trusted resource for listeners like you. As a premium member, you'll get immediate access to our entire back catalog of AMA episodes and all future AMA episodes. You'll get longevity, focused premium articles packed with actionable insights. You'll get unrivaled show notes for each and every episode of the drive, every topic, every study, every resource from each episode carefully curated for you. You'll get quarterly podcast summaries where you'll learn my biggest personal takeaways from the previous 90 days of expert guest episodes and much more. This journey doesn't have to be navigated alone. We can take these steps towards a better, longer life together. Become a premium member today at Peter AtiaMD.com forward slash subscribe to join me in a shared commitment to a healthier future.