So let's talk a little bit about Alfaqid a Glutorate. Walk us through the rationale for how that came to be something that you would put through this type of rigorous program. Yeah, so company full disclosure that I'm involved with a PDL health that have a product for June of it now. They came to us many years ago at the back and working with Gordon Lethgo and I and they were like, this green natural products that would have an impact on aging because the mindset of the CEO of the, what became the CEO of this company was that I can't get drugs but proof for aging at any time in the near future. This work with natural products and also things that the FDA just calls grass out of the gate. So we screened a lot of things in worms and AKG came out as one of the best things in worms. Send in in the mouth studies. We found that for male mice, there was a combined effect with vitamin A and vitamins are an interesting discussion too. And there was also a combined effect with both sexes with vitamin D and so that led to this product regimen which is AKG, time release AKG, very important because otherwise it's like, any it goes away in five minutes if you don't have a time release version. Tell folks what Alphacita Glutorate is and shows. It's a part of the, is it part of the crème cycle? It's yeah, it's a TCA cycle, crème cycle, central metabolite involved in hundreds of reactions. It's a lot like an AD. Yep. They're doing different things but they're both central metabolites. They're both going down with aging and organisms. Yep. And the idea is supplementing them back up would be beneficial. And so when we did that with AKG and mice, we see about a five to 10% increase in lifespan but a dramatic increase in frailty. So when we, meaning it's increasing for the eye nourishment. So that mice, I would argue that you're still encouraging the lung epidemic pervers we talk about. Yep. So, you know, if that translated to humans, it would be a big impact. And so that's what led to the human product. By the way, I think that if you did not extend lifespan by a day, yeah, but you just improved health span, yeah. That's a home run. Yeah, I agree. For most people, that is all they actually want. Yeah, I agree. I think if they get that, they'll want the other two. But that's not true. But yeah, I never the reverse. No, nobody wants more life spans without. We're doing now. I know. I know. I can't get it. Yeah. Yeah. But yeah, I completely agree with that. So, you know, we're still excited about this product. There's been, we're about AKG, and especially the time release version. And there's been, you know, some studies that have been published one of which we helped analyze the data for using rudimentary methylation clocks showing that they reverse it. That they reverse his aging by a few years again. It's that oscillation thing we were talking about earlier. I think. And that's why we wanted to do a controlled placebo double-blighted clinical trial at the university. And that case we're just testing the time release AKG. We didn't include the vitamins because we're trying to get some mechanistic information. We know what confounders in there. But I think the data is still pretty good on AKG that it's going to have an impact in people. Did you guys do a study on your relief in A as well? We haven't published it yet, but I am happy to talk a little about it. I'm Peter Atia. This podcast relies exclusively on premium subscribers for support, which allows us to provide all our content without taking a single penny from advertisers. I believe this keeps my content honest, making it a trusted resource for listeners like you. As a premium member, you'll get immediate access to our entire back catalog of AMA episodes, and all future AMA episodes. You'll get longevity, focused premium articles packed with actionable insights. You'll get unrivaled show notes for each and every episode of the drive, every topic, every study, every resource from each episode, carefully curated for you. You'll get quarterly podcast summaries where you'll learn my biggest personal takeaways from the previous 90 days of expert guest episodes and much more. This journey doesn't have to be navigated alone. We can take these steps towards a better, longer life together. Become a premium member today at PeterAtiaMD.com forward slash subscribe to join me in a shared commitment to a healthier future.