Is there some major disruption where we just have this dramatic change in technique to have a bigger positive impact on frontal surface area than the negative effect it might have on propulsion? Yeah, so this distance touches up on let's say one of my favorite hurry us and that's biofeedback. In cycling we have extremely good tools for biofeedback today. You have a palm meter and you have a GPS. So just these two combined for speed and power perfectly. Like we talked about last time when you were out riding 200 watts constant and basically you see you get in faster. So you have this direct biofeedback because as long as you ride enough you will basically start to get a very good feeling for when you sit at a certain power and you start doing different things. Some you creep up like half a kilometer power or one. Like for person when it starts cycling or it's cycling a little bit like for them. It doesn't become interesting enough yet because there are other things that are basically more challenging for them to master but for people that do a lot of biking like yourself. It's it's it's it's where you exactly start to pay and let's say attention to those let's say even half a kilometer power maybe even you're getting below that as well. Where you start to really pay attention to this And then over time simply because wind and not the fact is makes a difference to running. This is also a place where we have really good biofeedback tools. You have your watch you're running and you can have a look at it. And now we have also really good power meters in running as well. How does that work? So most of these are there are some of these parameters in running today that requires some of them requires an insult. So you put basically an insult inside and a basic and measure the forces. So it's a first plate. Yes inside you. Yes. And then you have other ones that are motion capture devices. So they basically you rather inputs your body weight. And since basically when you're touching on the ground with one foot, your basic occurring you whole weight there. So as long as you have a good enough motion capture device that a capable of less aid to attack or there are able to capture the three-dimensional accelerations you can then basic also say. Some well you know you know the force because you basically have to carry your weight. So that's hard. So you can directly measure this with a force plate insole or you could indirectly do it with motion capture. But I assume the motion capture only works on a treadmill. You're not going to be able to. No so the motion capture today there are become so small. There are basic or small devices that you attach to a shoe and they are when when when we validate these in this commercially available products. Yes. So if you if you if you go to a laboratory and you basic it test this, you will basically see that so we have been for a long time in working to get a bit stride. I started working with them and they were in beta stage and we've gone through that but basically they are so accurate today that when you when you measure first of all do you have any idea how much you just ruin my wife's life? Do you have done any so how many minutes do you think after this podcast am I going to be on my computer ordering these devices? Jemming them on her shoes. You know she's running the boss in marathon next year and I'm convinced she's actually going to run it faster than she did her first boss in marathon 20 years ago because she actually now works for the running coach and her qualifying time this year was only one minute slower than her qualifying time 19 years earlier. And again it's just because she's more structured in her training not because she listens to a word I say she doesn't but she's like finally at least agreeing to use heart rate and velocity for tempo training. So now she's not listening to this podcast obviously she went for friends will probably hear this and tell her to listen but she is now we're going to implement power training for her running. Yes she's going to curse me all day long because she doesn't want day but how could you not do how is every runner not doing this? I think this has to do with a lot with tradition and also that even when Paul meters were introduces easy to look back and say like why why why why didn't we have this before or even how power there's so much information we can extract from a single Paul meter today which is I say beyond people's comprehension still be only used to Paul number days there and we use it even in a one-dimensional context FTP for example or critical power. The amount of information you can get out of this is crazy because we are not going to talk about this today. I still kind of use normalize power and other no. Oh wait we never use and no we only go by roll numbers I only work by roll numbers all the time so I don't condense it down to a single metric I use only roll numbers but the implication here is that even when you look at studies that are looking at gross efficiency for example in all days or even today there are like wanting you consider as a net mechanical power so the interface between basically looking at your gross or as a gross gross efficiency is where you take view to and we already dare most people understand that okay you have a difference between net net auction consumption and gross auction consumption you would ideally like to have the net auction consumption but there are other things there but in cycling actually also what we only consider there is a net mechanical power you don't consider gross mechanical power and should you really look at the let's say on your biochemical efficiency you should not look at the net mechanical power should look at the gross mechanical power but that's even before we start to get into vectors power vectors force vectors and other things even in a three-dimensional plane as you do cycling because this is something we can extract from the palm it is today so when running yes so one of the things you have you have more degrees of freedom there's more inefficiency there's probably a lower relationship or a more strained relationship between between gross and net power this is maybe one of the reasons for why it is not as widely adopted in running as it is in cycling because it is still debated what really is running power how do you really quantify it and this is something that even I even discuss with the team at the stride so when we are having a regular course and we are diving into the topic then even we also sometimes I would say I have our different opinions on how this really should be looked at because if you want to translate this into running then you have to look at only at a let's say the propulsive power I could imagine seeing this I mean have they put these in Olympic sprinters and seen the power numbers there yeah no it has let's say put this way commercially available this has his limitations because since you do motion capture you need to do a little bit of filtering you can't you can't take out because it's going to be so much noise exactly because as you said you have so many degrees of freedom yeah if you're going to output all as you all the vectors that basically you were able to measure with let's say just with strain gauge based palm it's on a bike today and people would be able to utilize that's why you condense it down to a single palm it's a single number that is there for most people but if you had that if you had that force plate chip in your insole you could at least capture force normalize to wait with each step right yes so what you what you can do and this is validated so if you for example run on a track a track which has force plates or you run on specialized treadmill that has force plates integrated in them you will basically see the curves are the same so this is the way that this is the external validation of the device is good both in terms of that it captures the the force curves but also here really when you're motion capture devices you can also capture the footpath as well so this is something we can visualize in treaty today after event when you're doing running we can see what happened there fresh fatigue throughout the race when it's technical and all the things but I think the reason why this is not as violent up that is because in science this is still debated on how do we really capture how and quantify mechanical power power for running. Stry'd have taken a smart approach this to make it as a commercially viable and it is that they quant out put it as a let's say call it a metabolic power so if you actually went on a treadmill and you went running and you looked at the advances your auction consumption you will basically see that this this measure perfectly with cycling that's without having a some bicycle near you at all so you could say the well this is what you expect so when you're at a certain power then with this would have an certain metabolic cost but what how I use I don't like it because I don't like less than modeled numbers I want to have a raw numbers so in my case I basically I'm extracting basically the that's it in net and the gross mechanical power or the positive and the negative mechanical power because these are the components I want because I have view to master I have metabolic devices so I don't need a metabolic equivalent I want to have the raw because I'm using as an interface to go to the difference like for example in a Formula 1 car what really matters in the end there what hits the ground yeah what really matters in the end there is how fast can you go around the track for the full event with a certain amount of fuel because there is a limitation to how much fuel can have in your car like that's the true input and the true output your engine output and this is actually secondary you see this is the thing that we want to have the biggest engine but big engine without efficiency is still bad so this is the engine it becomes more of device to measure let's say you look at the power and you look at how efficiently are you able to translate this fuel out into speed over let's say the event or velocity so for me having access to the net mechanical power and gross mechanical power and then you have the metabolic devices this allow me on the ones I look at when we change something in running so let's say you change for example your shoes or you change or you're training you can now I can have a much more granular understanding of am I influencing the bio mechanical part of of of the training or is it the biochemical part of the training but in order to do so you have to have that interface that basically let's say distinguishes between gross mechanical power and net mechanical power and the interface between gross mechanical power and net mechanical power over power is only there let's say work efficiency how efficiently are you working but not metabolizing or or moving because you're in the end you have to take this power and and and be able to output into into velocity