will pay kids right coming in middle school $1,000 to get to top 1%. And the point of this is, you know, what's even more important than the academic knowledge, it's their internal view of themselves, that changes. That kids come in and say, I'm not a math science girl, I can't be top 1%. I can't do this. Whatever limits they have. And a lot of education when you talk about it is, you know, holistically you're trying to take limits in kids and release them, right? Have them understand your limitless, you can do all this. And this is the best way academically we've found to do it. And so they come in and the AI's going to say here is all the lessons you need to do to get top 1%. And just go through them. And that motivation will get all these kids to top 1%. And the number of stories we have, you know, I have one, my own daughter, but all, you know, the alpha families where their student is like, they come back and they're like, I didn't realize I could be top 1%. And my personal self confidence in view of myself that I had to do hard work, right? You had to do the work, right? Now I'm, you know, I, and then once you take a middle school kid, who's top 1%. As they go into high school, they're not going to give it up. Because, and there's this mental view of, oh, I guess I am a smart kid, right? Or I'm a capable kid, right? And that unlock is so valuable. And so for us, that's when, you know, we think, you know, juicing it with money. I mean, we spent 20 grand a kid in this country per student, right? And you're like, in middle school, give a kid a $1,000, in order to have them realize there is that the height, there's no limit. Why does, why would most people, I assume listening to us have sort of an uneasy feeling about that. Like, they can't reconcile what you just said, which is what we'll wait a minute. And on the one hand, I know we're spending $20,000 per year per kid on these kids and we're getting nothing for it. And you're proposing, we give them a couple of those thousands of dollars strategically to incentivize half of the equation, which is them having the motivation to do this. And yet that's going to make a lot of people feel uneasy. Why? So there's a view that there needs to be an intrinsic love of learning for it to be pure and that if you, it has to be intrinsic, not extrinsic and that if you're buying it, it's solid and not good. It's just it's wrong. It's fundamentally wrong. And that is a common view. Are there any data that would support one view being favorable to the other? How would that be time? There is a set of papers that have been written that show that if somebody is not intrinsically motivated or is intrinsically motivating you pay them, they lose intrinsic motivation. Now, that's not the case that we're sitting with. We're have kids who aren't motivated, who aren't intrinsically going through it, right? They need the boost. And if you actually ask alpha kids and maybe we'll do a study someday, no parent who has their kids at alpha thinks, my kids lost their intrinsic motivation. If anything, it's the opposite because now they think they're capable. And those papers don't talk about is how much of the issue was I didn't think I was capable. I now realize I am. And I get this crazy intrinsic boost around it, right? I my younger star or again would be this example, which is, you know, she came in to middle school, you know, at, uh, she hit top 10 percent. And to lie the end of eighth grade, sorry, this was before, this is going in seventh grade. Okay. She was top 10 percent coming in. So she'd been there, but she's like that, I'm not like my older sister. I'm not top one percent, right? That's just not who I am, right? I'm ticked off girl. You know, if we're gonna end, I was like, you know, you know, you don't what I know, you know, love more than anything is shopping. And I'll bet you $1,000 that you can't get to top one percent. And so she literally would fill her a Amazon cart with $1,000 to stuff. And in the morning, she'd then look and look at the lessons she had to go through. And she'd do it. Right? She just grind through it. Now, back to this thing, it's, you know, we had a lot of family discussions around this because my wife, right? She was like, wait, there's two things. And this is most parents are, or like this, there's two things. You're one, you're setting one percent top one percent. And most parents are like, that's too hard, right? And you know, why are you putting that pressure, you know, for on the kid. And number two, it doesn't feel right to pay a thousand bucks to get this. This is just, we're all brought up that there's something wrong. And so, and back to the thing, so she does it. She has top one percent. Really buys everything. But then she sits down, right, with my wife and she's like, mom, I know you didn't like us doing this. But you need to understand what this is done for me, which is, I never thought I was a smart as my older sister. And now I realize I can do everything, right, that she can do. And it's totally changed my internal view. Right? And that element there of, right, her, and now back, she's also the one now, it was top one percent on the SAT trying to decide if she wants to do the extort to get perfect score. Right? That change in their view of their capability, that unlock is so valuable. And I believe we should do this for every kid in America, right? That, but that's the dynamics of why people don't like it. And it's, you then, just have to decide if you can use extrinsic motivation, whatever it is. I'm concert tickets. I'm, right, go shopping, whatever, whatever, mode of screen time, video game time, whatever it takes to get the kid to realize, I can go be and learn all this and be top one percent when I previously didn't think that. Right? And I go through that struggle fail sometimes cry at the road to success loop that then unlocks my human potential. And right, the point at a education beyond academic right, you're trying to unlock human potential. And this is just a great, easy way to do it. And it, it's not failed the time to get some. Yeah. That's the thing. You know, it does, is not necessarily something that has to happen indefinitely. It's, it's, what I, what I think makes sense here is that it's, it's an unlock that then creates a new state of awareness, that therefore becomes self-perpetuating. Right. So in many ways, it's like the kindling that leads to the fire. You don't need kindling indefinitely. Sometimes you need kindling. I'm Peter Atia. This podcast relies exclusively on premium subscribers for support, which allows us to provide all our content without taking a single penny from advertisers. I believe this keeps my content honest, making it a trusted resource for listeners like you. As a premium member, you'll get immediate access to our entire back catalog of AMA episodes and all future AMA episodes. You'll get longevity, focused premium articles packed with actionable insights. You'll get unrivaled show notes for each and every episode of the drive, every topic, every study, every resource from each episode carefully curated for you. You'll get quarterly podcast summaries where you'll learn my biggest personal takeaways from the previous 90 days of expert guest episodes and much more. This journey doesn't have to be navigated alone. We can take these steps towards a better, longer life together. Become a premium member today at Peter AtiaMD.com forward slash subscribe to join me in a shared commitment to a healthier future.