Here's a bigger issue. Childhood obesity. You are obese when you're four years of age. You're going to be obese when you're at out. And your life expectancy will be significantly shorter and your quality of life will be significantly reduced. Now, make it even better. At lessons, these young kids with diabetes. They don't respond to any of the drugs. What is the prevalence of type 2 diabetes in under 18? It's increasing, but I would say maybe around 4 or 5 percent something like that. 5, 120 teenagers have type 2 diabetes. Unbiased by San Antonio because we have more people with type 2 diabetes in our clinic. But you could say potentially in San Antonio, 1 out of 20 teenagers can be very high. That is in forage or pre-diabetes. And I'll tell you about the pre-diabetes that we did. So now they don't respond to metformin cell phone areas. They don't respond to any drugs very well. Even the GOP one I can use? The first study has just come out that respond better. It's a little good. They don't have any of the two. But if you're just clinically, if you're in the clinic and you're treating them without you're using the best drugs you have available. You can travel. And we know, why? Because you can't get them controlled. Why? There is an ink. There is so insulin resistant. So there are so many more so than adults. These are well published studies. Is this really a selection bias where 4-some-one to develop type 2 diabetes as a 16-year-old? The underlying genetics and pathology are so severe that the current crop of drugs are the problem as opposed to when you take the current crop of drugs and you apply them to people who are young they don't work. All three. Because I'm a regular more. Treated predisposition. So Hispanic population is problem. Obesity, all of these kids are huge. So you don't have the lean diabetic phenotype in the age. Nine of these people. And then the drugs don't work very well. So all three of these things. And what now is come. It's called the Rye study. As these kids have been followed up, they're starting to develop kidney disease. They're even, I'm told, a couple of people have had MIs and they're 20s. They have incredibly difficult to control. What do you think? I mean, yes, we're going to argue that these kids are, that this is due to what they're eating. But what is it in the environment that is so a B.S. agenic to these kids? I'll come back to this in a second. But I want to raise the issue now. Let's say you're 16 and you met four months of these drugs and you're a one-seous nine. You can put someone on my own jarrel and they're going to have to take this for the rest of their life. Because as soon as you stop the drug goes on. So this is what I treat the person, of course. I can't let the A would see nine. But if you take that 16 year old with a hemoglobin on 19 and you give them a jarrel, where are they going to year? I think that if they can afford the drug and they stay on the drug, the three big gifts, if the doctor knows what to do, I know what to do. If the patient will cooperate with you, if you don't, they'll lose every time. And if they can't afford. If you can satisfy those three Fs, that person we know from the studies be pretty well controlled. And insurance, what fraction of insured patients will have coverage on Mondarro if they're A1C is nine? I don't, I can't answer that. But does CMS cover it? Does Medicaid cover that? Yes, if you have diabetes. Okay. I don't know, the majority coverage, I think is pretty good if you have diabetes. Okay. If you have obesity, that's a different, if you have obesity without, that's a whole different issue. Sure. Should you be treating these young kids who are obesity is a disease. Okay. It got all kinds of problems. Should you put these young kids on these newer drugs and knowing that all I did is change you from food addiction to drug addiction. I didn't do anything else. It's almost like alcohol addiction. There are drugs that things I can give you that can help you, but it tends to relapse. Food addiction, I put you on the drug, you lose weight. You stop the drug, you regain the weight. This is a huge public health concern. It's almost way beyond my capacity because finances are involved here. Can we afford to treat 42% of the people in the US or obese? Or is there some way, amongst the 42%, we can define who are the people who are insulin resistant, who are the people of the metabolic syndrome that we know they're at risk, that we can treat them. My guess is that's the great majority of that 42% of the people. Can we treat all of those people? And moreover, they can stay on the drug. We know on average what the data is saying, I put you on the drug. We don't know all the reasons why, but within a year, half of the people stop the drug. Yeah, it's probably a combination of cost and side effects. Yeah. And my patients are very commonly tell me, you know, say, Ralph, enjoy eating. I can't eat anymore. And some people just tell me they just want to eat. And so I'm going to get fat against. So I'm going to eat some is GI side effects and some is cost. $1000 a month is a lot of money for some. Same.