You know, when we brought pain in for every case when I was in residency, was any time we did a thoracotomy, was a non-negotiable. Yeah. Pain was consulted before the case, just for people listening, a thoracotomy. We didn't do these often because a lot of times by the time I was in residency, we did minimally invasive surgery in the chest. Yeah. But sometimes you had to actually make a huge incision under the ribs. And that's very painful. We just, you know, you just know this from experience that that's such a painful experience. You cut this huge incision in the intercostal muscles. You put ribs, spreaders in, you crank these things open so you can do this big operation. We just know those patients are going to need an epidural catheter. And we want that in before surgery, not after. And it makes all the difference in the world. So pain was a part of that response. I don't remember us routinely bringing pain in, otherwise. But things have changed. I'm sure in 20 years. So today for a general abdominal case or a general orthopedic case, are you brought in preoperatively? Yeah. Yeah. These days there's a lot of movement towards these RS protocols. And enhanced recovery after surgery. And so fortunately, the field of medicine is moving more and more towards a team-based healthcare model where surgeons, pain, dox anesthesiologist, nursing, rehab, are all working on a collaborative manner. They're putting together protocols to what is the best optimal approach to prehab a patient before surgery, move them through the interoperative and then parioperative period. And it's gotten better and better and better. Can we still improve it? Yes. But the acute pain service does get involved, particularly as you alluded when we put in peripheral nerve catheters or epidural catheters. And this is where we're running that local anesthetic, the numbing medication that stops the nerve impulses to provide pain relief after surgery. And so yes, we do get deeply, deeply involved in that acute surgical pain space. And then also with internal medicine docs and the hot wind patient's admitted into the hospital for whatever cause. If someone's listening to us and they're going to have elected surgery at some point, I want to plant to seed in their head for someone who's going to have the knee replacement, the hip replacement, the colonis is stuck to me, the api, whatever. Yeah. Should they be requesting this of their surgeon? Should they say, hey, I want to be diligent about my recovery. I want to minimize my use of narcotics. Do you mind calling an a pain consult so that we can, I can just have a team of docs who are exclusively thinking about my pain because let's be honest. The surgeon, I got enough to worry about. I got to make sure you didn't leak that that anestemosus is fine, that you're not getting a wound infection. Your pain is literally like third or fourth on the list of my concerns for you to have the best outcome. You are right. And if patients listening to this person's listening and they have the ability, they have the word they'll to go to their doc, their surgeon and ask what will pain management be like? Is there an opportunity to interface with an acute pain service? Particularly if they're taking opioids now for a chronic pain problem or even if they're not taking opioids for a chronic pain problem. So we will see them in our clinic before surgery. We will put together a pre-surgical plan for them, which will often include a regional anesthetic approach, meaning those nerve blocks or the catheters. We sometimes involve intravenous ketamine to augment. We will put together the whole plan, communicate with the anesthesiologist, make sure there's a good hand-off after surgery. And then we will follow them afterwards. And then we will typically follow them outside the hospital and help the surgeon out with the medication management and the pain management. All of this is not just solely to reduce pain, but to put that person in optimal state for rehab, for functional coverage. How ubiquitous is the patient controlled anesthenyl, g-sic device, the PCA that we used to have. Okay, so it's still, so people are still typically getting out, fentanyl through a PCA immediate postoperative phase. Fentanyl, the morphine. Okay. Delotted. Yeah. Yeah. No, the PCA is a very common tool. And one, it puts pain control in the hands of the patient. Two studies have been shown that PCA delivered medication opioids, they end up taking less than if it's nursing delivered.