How much do you see even just speak about it through the length of your actual careers? How much do you see trends that dramatically change what people are asking for? In other words, 25 years ago, did men or women come into your practice significantly looking for something different in terms of an appearance and an outcome that they wanted you to shape? Yeah, I would say that's such a loaded question because 25 years ago, if we think back, there was no social media. Television was very basic. The maybe there was some shows that had life people on there on different shows where they would talk about beauty or fashion, but you had to actually tune in and watch those shows to be able to see the trends. Magazine came out and that was the extent of it. Now you have social media and various channels on social media and then you have what we now know as influencers and they're changing what our patients are seeing on what's driving them and the biggest one that I can talk about is basically that very well-known family in California that has monetized their appearance and set a lot of trends for better or for worse. It's great to see that they're making it okay to talk about enhancing your appearance or fixing something up. But where I draw the line is when they start putting out their transformations and this trend now is something that everyone wants to emulate and you're talking about young women changing, physically changing their body drastically to conform to what you said is a trend which is exactly it and transess. The word says, I'm not permanent. So what happens when that trend ends? The celebrities have the money to go to the doctors and reverse all that. Now it will take surgery and they will have scars to show for it or hide for it from that. But the patients that follow them, these young women don't have all of that income to go back and then re-transform their body and they don't know the implications of that. So I think we have a duty as doctors definitely to try to educate our patients about not following trends so strongly and look beyond the monetary aspect of it. And so from that standpoint I try to really educate my patients to stay away from things that are trending and really do things that make them look and feel better but natural for themselves. Because I don't know in your practice but I know people want to come in for the enhanced products, the Brazilian botlifts and the small ways and you know that's something again that's being undone by that family now and you're going to see a whole trend that's coming out that doesn't look like that. So what are kind of the top above the neck trend? So what I see as I look around is I see lip size being something that's getting bigger smaller, bigger smaller. Where are we today by the way in lip size? So just to continue Susan's lines of line of thought there were in this again unusual era where the influencers that are affecting society are much more in our faces than they have been historically and they're affecting young people at much younger age which is why we just let my 16-year-old daughter have a social media account and that influence so these influencers is quite powerful because what happens is on social media which is the primary exposure that people are receiving these days about beauty. The images that are being posted are not real. They're filtered, they're unrealistic exaggerations of some of those three original factors that we're talking about, the symmetry proportion, people will photograph themselves in such a way with a look, they look more proportionate, they will you know they'll pull their jaw on certain way to make their proportions look better. Someone has to teach me how to do this because anytime I see a video of myself you know I'm like that is the worst looking thing I've ever seen. Like I need to learn these tricks. You need a 20-year-old. And a lot of this is subconscious posing that's a term that I have you know have used for this concept where people are subconsciously posing like for example if you like a lot of people when they walk past a shiny building will stop and look at themselves and kind of like adjusts themselves a little bit. And by the way is that new or is that something we would have all like in other words did our ancestors walk by a stream where the water was still and look at themselves? Do we I mean not that we can know that but possibly I think so but I think the it's becoming so much more exaggerated now to the point where we can you know confidently state that social media influencers are selling exaggerated forms of beauty ideals like the sexual dimorphism so we talked earlier about like larger lips or bigger eyes. One of the most popular procedures in northeast Asia is surdues to make the eyes wider. You actually cut into the canvas and perform tose surdues to make the eye look bigger and then of course this trend to have bigger lips you know fillers are being used left and right unfortunately to overdue lip volume and plump up lips and because the social media influencers are posting it it's becoming more exaggerated because these exaggerated gender traits are becoming normalized and so again the family that Susan's mentioning in California they'd normalized over overdone lips to the point where people come in asking for it and we have to say no I'm sorry this is not a good direction for us to take you in. I want to put a bow on the social media thing for a moment. What is the most concerning trend or what is the most concerning request you are getting from people that you believe is sort of unique to the social media phenomenon? What I'm seeing a lot more are teenagers now coming in asking for fillers and your imager leaders and their forehead fillers and your lips and that's sad because but why would I mean would a neuromodulator do anything when you're at that age anyway? No but they're now being told that even 18 for example it's okay to start preventative Botox you don't need that until you're a lot further along in age. So that's just an object lie that they're being told. Yes and unfortunately they're also being made to feel very poorly about their shape of their lips. They're being inundated with images unlike tenorial saying these are highly filtered images. We know a lot of people who will take in their ways, take in their thighs all of that change the proportions and then post that image and what I try to tell patients is that what you see in terms of images that are on social media, a are filtered, b are taken with certain angles of the camera to enhance someone's appearance and we will never at least in my practice take someone's photo that they took on their phone and then try to enhance them to look like their photo because what's happening is that you're going to make them look very different in life in real life. So how you photograph you're only going to photograph beautifully if you're the most symmetric person and that's why even the most beautiful form model on in a photograph if you look at them in person they're very pretty but you wouldn't think that they're super models sometimes but when they photograph they photograph beautifully because of their symmetry but for us with our forward facing cameras that we point at our self-suitic our selfies they're going to just sort our face if you tilt one way you elongate the face so they're different way you shorten the face and patients get hung up on that and that's really sad because in real life they look fabulous. Now is this a 95-5 female male problem that is arising from social media or other or the and is the I guess from the purpose of this discussion I would guess it's mostly female my guess is the male issue is probably much more on antibiotics deroyed abuse and things that that young men are being influenced by is that safe to assume. So what is it that you see tenures that is most disconcerting is there a particular product or particular procedure that is that is showing up that is would it been unheard of before social media? I was at two areas one is because fillers are non-surgical relatively accessible price points and low risk and are ubiquitous you can find a clinic within one mile if you live in a major city. I think overfilling is a serious problem whether it's the lips or the cheeks over a volumization has become an epidemic and it's a serious problem not only because it looks exaggerated and distorted and strange but even when as a facial surgeon I go into perform surgeries I will find that filler has disrupted normal anatomy and so decades later the companies will tell you that filler only lasts one year in the face of the yet to refill it that's definitely not true really we see we have patients coming in who don't mention that they've had fillers in the past but then in surgery I will see filler in their cheek or in their face because they had eight or ten years ago and it's still there and it's stretching the ligaments it's changing the structure of the tissues it actually makes routine surgical procedures later more challenging so that's one area and by the way other biologic features of the individual that would make that more or less true are there some people in whom fillers go away after a year or are you saying that for the most part they last one that's also another whole complex topic is the metabolism of how ironic acid and some people are higher metabolizers some are slower metabolizers and we actually don't have a good sense of that we have some general concepts just based on experience but there's very little science on that we can't really predict who's one doesn't know one really doesn't know okay and I'm sorry you you're gonna get to a second point yeah no uh the second point is from a surgical standpoint there is a trend right now where people are asking for this high arched brow effect where it's a hyper exaggerated tail the brow comes up very high it's called a snatched look about once every week or two I've got someone who seriously wants to have their face distorted with a surgical procedure with me and I have to say I'm sorry we're not going to do that is it safe to say that anyone who walks into a physician's office to do this needs to be able to be over 18 to provide consent but is it safe to say or is it is it is it the case that people younger than 18 can do this in less reputable places without parent consent do we know this? It should be 18 it's like in the other medical procedure you have to be 18 years of age to consent there are rare instances where where I will treat someone who's 16 or 17 if the parent is there and if it's for something for example a patient has a hump on their nose that they don't like but they're not ready to commit to a rhinoplasty so I can use fillers in a creative way to help reduce their appearance of that but that's very far between the parent is there yes yeah absolutely I did have a very interesting incidents where I had an 18 year old though come in and she had just had a rhinoplasty and was coming to see me for fillers and for neuromodulators and I asked her I said your 18s is someone here with you from one of your parents and nobody was there with her and the interesting thing is though she is 18 thinking that she's an adult but she's only a junior in high school so I was very conflicted I kept referring back to something along the lines of you need to talk to your parents you need to tell them what we discussed here that really bothered me for a long time that here is this 18 year old who's still in high school that wants to do things and I don't see a parent there with her but I think I think it's done a huge problem probably across the board that people under 18 are getting treatments but they're getting fed all of this societal pressure I like to use the term beauty pressure they're getting like peer pressures beauty pressure that's now more extreme because of social media they're getting all this beauty pressure at a very young age 12 13 onwards and so by the time they get into their 20s they've been thinking about this for years and years and years and they're ready to dive into it I'm Peter Atia this podcast relies exclusively on premium subscribers for support which allows us to provide all our content without taking a single penny from advertisers I believe this keeps my content honest making it a trusted resource for listeners like you as a premium member you'll get immediate access to our entire back catalog of AMA episodes and all future AMA episodes you'll get longevity focused premium articles packed with actionable insights you'll get unrivaled show notes for each and every episode of the drive every topic every study every resource from each episode carefully curated for you you'll get quarterly podcast summaries where you'll learn my biggest personal takeaways from the previous 90 days of expert guest episodes and much more this journey doesn't have to be navigated alone we can take these steps towards a better longer life together become a premium member today a Peter Atia MD dot com forward slash subscribe to join me in a shared commitment to a healthier future