What advice do you give a guy who comes in your practice? Maybe you don't see a lot of these guys, but let's say you get a guy who comes in and says, hey, look, I want to I want to bank my sperm. I want to freeze my sperm. Now, presumably you'll get a lot of that if a guy is undergoing therapy for cancer or something like that. Is there anything a guy needs to know? And would you recommend a guy do that if he's 40 doesn't have a partner, but says look, I want to have kids and isn't there something to the idea that my sperm are better today than they will be in a decade? So huge issue, paternal age, paternal age and fertility, paternal age. So we can go there, but I don't pay value judgment, I say good idea. I am a disclosure, I'm on a board of legacy. I love their mission driven, the way their mission driven. And so I like the fact that going from military and exposed patients in this and that and VA. So, but I'm I'm for that. I think it's the lowest hanging fruit in the field, especially obviously for chemo for cancer survivors and things. It's like, I don't care what you think might happen with your cancer. I would still bank it. I started non-profit golf banking on the future. 16 year olds to 21 year olds with cancer will do it for you will pay for it five years. Just do this a sample. Because it's so much harder afterwards or not. So you would advise any male that hasn't reproduced and who might want to, who's undergoing any chemotherapy for any cancer, just play it safe, bank. For cancer, yes. Well, who should anyone do it for any reason, probably not, but again, I don't pass the judgment if they're worried about something that I'm worried then they should. Well, paternal age, do you worry about? So good question. And you look at like National Guidelines for sperm donation, 40 is considered older paternal age, 50 for sure. If you look at risks to offspring, miscarriages, stillborns, autism, birth defects, things immediately related to conception, prematurity. Those go up with paternal age, then you look at birth defects. When they're born, those go up, you know, one to twofold. And then the worry, some ones are the single gene defects and the epigenetics like psychiatric morbidity. So the autism skits of phenia dyslexia by polar disorder potentially Alzheimer's in offspring. And they're not detectable with young, so big issues. So I've written a lot about that, published on it. I was actually having my second child at 50 when I was writing this English in every tweet this, you know, writing a paper on all these risks called we put in with the island of Chenco from your first epitipur. But I think it's a hockey stick curve for risk to offspring. And you think the the the inflection is 40 or 50? I think it's more like 60. I think there's a slow linear increase in risk to offspring from 25 to 50 or 60. And then there's an inflection and then there's the blade of the stick. And I think that's logarithmic. Same curve as women. But they're formal. Yeah, but they're shifted 20 years earlier or something. Yes. So the shorter curve, but the same thing 40, 38 to 40 is kind of a point where things really ramp up with chromosomes. The men's stuff is not chromosomal. So if you take the curves together, they're different spans, same shape. But I think the female curve is on top of the male curve. This is not a the same relevant relative risk. Right. So women, you know, you go from 25 to 40, your your chance of a miscarriage. Oh, it's chromosomal. It goes up quite significantly after that, very significantly. And the end the consequence of women's issues with offspring related health is basically miscarriage. Yeah, I'm in many ways. It's almost easier to detect, right? Because so it's it's it's doing a figure. It can be more dramatic, but it usually now prevented with with pre-homotation genetic testing. Yeah. Man or different, you can't detect these things. There's single gene mutations. This is the the machinery is constantly working. It's getting old. The quality control of the process goes down and little gene mutations get in there that are all we've been always being spun off in the heat of the engine and they're getting they're not vetted. So the machinery's not doing a good job. So they're getting through and they're not going to be they're not going to be lethal. They're going to be deleterious. So that's where you get things and autism's a classic one. They're turn on the age related. Looks like that's the biggest risk factor for it. And that worries me a lot, right? So I think it's interesting. The facts are that human evolution is entirely driven by sperm. Yeah. Because eggs are just seeing they're correcting the problem. It's entirely driven by sperm. And half and so 50 mutations a year, generation usually gets spit out for each teenager paper, probably between generations. And there's always mutations occurring in 14 year old fathers, but it goes way up with 60 year old fathers. So the rate of mutations goes way up with age. But average is 50 over a reproductive life. And most of them half of the mutations that we are throwing off as a species are not ears or hands or feet or height or I think it's all neurodevelopmental. It's like half neurodevelopmental. Yeah. So when you think about what we're seeing, you know the Martians from the 50s and the movies with big heads. Yeah, that's kind of where we're headed. Autism dyslexia by polar disorder. You know, these are neurodevelopmental neurogenitive issues. And why is that? Well, that's what's going on. I mean, that's where we're being stimulated. That's where we're being asked to evolve. Look at the last 30 years, right? Funny. One of the biggest investors in Salesforce said to me, I said to me, you know, I realized that was dyslexic when I when my son was born. And I said, really, he said, yeah, but you know what, it helped me be the man I am to realize that Salesforce is going to fly, given the first 500,000, given the first million they ever took anymore money. And he said, it let me focus. I was so autism as a disease where you put out, you ignore a lot of input and you find that the gift and it's amazing. If you go down the rabbit hole of what they're good at, it's like they're whole brain trust is there. So is that a disease? Or is that where we're headed? I mean, I think it exists on a spectrum. I think anyone who's probably spent time with kids, you know, using ASD as an example, boy, you know, you know, mild versions of it the way it can be defined. Because it really has three categories now in the DSM5. I think the mildest version probably comes with more superpowers than limitations or maybe equal amount, but clearly the more severe it gets. It's pretty debilitating. But this, this idea that's a tunnel. We're calling it disease though. Yeah. But maybe it's not disease. Maybe it's where we're headed. Maybe it's the future. Maybe the non-sequitors that come out of those brains. I mean, look at who's changing the world right now. These have been stuck in the valley. But again, I would argue most of those people would be in category, you know, my class one, no, not class three. What's the, what's the thought success rate? Right. So if a guy is 40, he goes ahead, he freezes and banks his sperm assuming they were good to go in. Right. Are they very high probability of thawing correctly? So when you freeze sperm, it's about a 200-year-old process. Right. Right. Well, the use for about 75. I forgot through the Italian science. This was who froze sperm and snow and then thought it in the live a couple hundred years later, after Lee Winho came up with a microscope. The found it was moving and it was possible. So egg falling is very new. Egg freezing and thawing is very new. This is very old. So everyone is thinking about sperm now because eggs are being frozen left and right. But this is much older technology. And this cell is much harder than an egg. So it does a lot better, typically. When you freeze it, it's the freezing process that kills sperm, be from icicles on the inside. Yes. And then while it's frozen, there's usually no issue. No issue. And then there's another problem when you thought rapid-to-temperature shift. So that's where the kill rate comes from. And a good sample half of it should survive. Okay. And so how much sperm would you tell a guy to bank if he has to do it? If it's the definitive samples for his life. So meaning he's 40 or he's about to undergo chemotherapy or some other exposure where he should just assume he will not have normal sperm again. What do you tell him? So I usually say depending on what technology you're going to use, but if you're sperm count normal, three to three ejaculates is one kid's worth of sperm within some of the combination technology where you would thought and then then turkey based it. So 10 ejaculates for three shots on goal for three kids. But three kids with low technology, but 10 ejaculates will give you most of China with IVF. Got it. Oh, when you say low tech, oh, I'm leaving IUI or something. Right. So there's three levels. Sex, no tech. Yeah. High tech is IVF and in the middle is IUI. That's the stuff that turkey-based thing. It's relatively straightforward, relatively cheap. I straight kids for that, but plenty of sperm for IVF. So three ejaculates for two more than enough. If they're normal for IVF. Yes. So the population you're talking about maybe cancer survivors half of those will not be normal. They're really looking at IVF. So they don't need that many. Yep. But I think three is a good number, but it's in the trance policy. Yeah. I'm Peter Atia. This podcast relies exclusively on premium subscribers for support, which allows us to provide all our content without taking a single penny from advertisers. I believe this keeps my content honest, making it a trusted resource for listeners like you. As a premium member, you'll get immediate access to our entire back catalog of AMA episodes and all future AMA episodes. You'll get longevity-focused premium articles packed with actionable insights. You'll get unrivaled show notes for each and every episode of the drive, every topic, every study, every resource from each episode carefully curated for you. You'll get quarterly podcasts summaries where you'll learn my biggest personal takeaways from the previous 90 days of expert guest episodes and much more. This journey doesn't have to be navigated alone. We can take these steps towards a better, longer life together. Become a premium member today. A Peter Atia MD.com forward slash subscribe to join me in a shared commitment to a healthier future.