I grew up powerlifting was one of the things I did on this side. It actually wasn't a sport. I mean, boxing was my life, but I became hooked on being in the gym. And the gym I belonged to was a dungeon. It was an old man dungeon, two stories underground with no windows. And I didn't realize how lucky I was at the time, but this happened to be like the power training, the powerlifting epicenter, right? So you basically just had a bunch of middle-aged men who were machines. Like, you know, these are even the guys that weighed like, you know, everybody could bench press two times their body weight, squat, three times their body weight, deadlift, four times their body weight. So that's what I grew up doing. I was like, we benched, we squat, we deadlift. And we do it really, really heavy. And not surprisingly, over time, like, I started to get injured, right? I injured my back by the time I was in medical school. And kind of decided, like, I don't know if this is worth the risk. I don't really see that I need to have four plates on my back squat anymore. And almost through necessity had to discover single leg training. So I want you to say more about that experience and help somebody, because I have patients who really can't believe that you can achieve optimal lower body hypertrophy without a barbell on your back or without picking a barbell up off the floor. Yeah, which is amazing. I had the same background as you. I got into competitive powerlifting in college just because I was no longer an athlete. And I was looking for an outlet and I was like, okay, I'm good at lifting weights. So I started competing in powerlifting, started hurting myself back problem, shoulder surgery. And athletic training background, get to college as a strength coach, start to see the same things. I've got athletes with back problems. Everybody's back problem seems to come down to one thing, back squatting. Because we weren't, we didn't run deadlift. We were the old school like squat bench powerclean because that was the football mentality at that time. But the people with back pain had, it always related right back to back squat. We started to look at that and think, okay, if we're doing something that we know is hurting 20% of our population should we continue to do that. For a while we had to because the football coaches mandated it. But when I got to the point where I was kind of fully in control, I said, one, we're not going to do this anymore. And then we went the unilateral route. Sorry, when you say football coaches, are you saying even at the level of the NFL? At every level, the football coaches, you know, they want to know how many guys can bench press 400 pounds and how many guys can squat 500 pounds and how many guys can you know, they're, it's still a very old school mentality. It's getting better. And if the level is getting much better because it's still in the combine for any kind of quarterback. Everybody's still venturing and still benching in 225 as a strength to us. They do an endurance test for strength. But the, the foolishness of the combine too, but that's another the same combine that you know, the balance. And the same combat that I helped people for. Yes, it is not. I always tell people it's like getting the copy of the SAT and all you got to do is cheat. You just got to practice the event practice the questions. You know the, you know, the answers practice. You'll get good at it. We develop that thought process. But so we started going just down this sort of unilateral rabbit hole. And then we, but then you start getting into the biggest thing that people have done to stand is when you get into the bilateral deficit research, your stronger on one leg, you have more strength capability on one leg than you do want to because your body, there's, and there's really so interesting story to interrupt you, Mike. It's so interesting how difficult it is to appreciate that when you're not doing unilateral exercises and people don't try it. And then it's very dogma oriented because we, we've all grown up around kind of the squat poems and all these things about you know, King of all lifts and all this bullshit that people spout and I'm always kind of spouting the anti of that. But the reality is we started seeing when we first started testing is what happened was one of my assistants, this guy Jeff Oliver who's been in Holy Cross for 25 years said to me, if we could test you one like it's strength, would you stop squatting and I was like, yes. So then we said, okay, let's try to figure out how we test. So we started making up these sort of path fast. One like squat test, you know, doing rap max is in different split squat variations and things. But when we did it, the results blew us away in terms of the difference between sides blew you away. No, the ability to be stronger than we were or as strong as we were bi-ladderly blew us away. So we had guys, the first year I did it with my hockey team, 2000 maybe six or seven somewhere in there. And everybody could split squat what they could front squat, seeing a month. So if I did a back split squat test, everybody that could back split squat, 300 pounds was a 300 pound front squatter. Everybody that could back split squat, you know, predicts that project up to a 400 pound max was a 400 pound squat. Right across the board, it was exactly dead even one like the two legs. And then people would say, that's because they're using their back like they were trying to couple of all these rationales for why it wasn't. But the numbers were just glaring. You know, then we went to a split squat test and we had one kid who did, did 240 pounds for 20 reps. You know, if you'd buy a ladder, or they'd out, it's 480 for 20. He's a 200 pound hockey player, 190 pound hockey player. They just, the numbers started to smack us in the face a little bit. And I started to look, and then you start looking at the bi-ladder like you look at the grip strength research, bi-ladder deficit. Right hand plus left hand will be more than combined to hand. You look at, you know, they've done it with like extension. They've done it with a bunch of different things. And what they realized, I think this is my own theory, but we never logically know that we are in a ladder. If I said to you, try to dunk a basketball. I'm going to guarantee you right hand. I'm going to jump off one foot. You're going to jump off your left foot. You're going to hold ball in your right hand. Everybody here is going to do it except 10% of us are lefty. So 10% of us are going to grab it in our left hand. But everybody knows if I say to you throw a baseball. I always say to somebody, if I say throw a baseball, everyone is going to throw it. If I say throw two baseballs, somebody would think, I'm not really sure how I'm supposed to do this right now. We understand neurology and then we deny it. When we start strengthening because we wanted to deny it. And I think it's actually limiting. I think I've said to people, I think I spend a lot of time of probably making people less athletic at the higher levels. One of the things that you think that you did that in the past and the past. Yes, because we had some of our really, some of our super elite like NFL wide receiver type guys would be very resistant to really heavy back squats and dead lifts and things like that. And they would always say, we're like cats. I don't like it. It makes my back so I don't feel right. I don't want you realize, is you are probably dampening their nervous system a little bit. Because the analogy I always use, if you think of like the mountain, the guy from Game of Thrones. He was a nice landing basketball player. Decent, mid-level, I slant a basketball player. When he became one of the world's strongest men, he was a worse basketball player. And I can remember, I went to, used to go to powerlifting meets, and I'd look at the powerlifting meets and I would be like, nobody here looks at let no one. And then I'd go to Olympic lifting meet. And I'd be like, oh, these cats are athletic. Like these guys can jump and they can sprint and they've got big traps and big asses. They look, so they look more like what I wanted my athletes to look like, whereas powerlifting it was sort of like a semi-mobile refrigerator imitation. You know, just people lumbering and even little people lumbering around. A little people lumbering just as bad as the big people. And then you go to a track meet and go watch the sprint and the jumps and you're like, wait, that's what I want. That's what I'm trying to get everybody to. So I became a big Charlie Francis guy in the 90s. You know, you start looking at this and saying, okay, let's look at how the fastest people in the world, the people at jump the highest and what are they doing for training. And again, you started to see more unilateral work, unilateral player working, a lot of old strength work. So it was sort of this rabbit hole that I just, I went down and never came back from. So Jeff, in your world training people the way you are, what are the exceptions to those rules for you? When are the times when you're saying, or are you saying, no, I still see that the risk reward trade off for someone in a certain position is there for, you know, a back, a barbell back squat or, you know, a sumo deadlift or something like that. How do you, how do you think about that? I think that if there's, there's always the argument of can you train, see a lot of times, especially in Mike's world too, when people come to him, they've already learned bad mechanics for squats. So they're bad squatters when they come to him. So they're already demonstrating habits that are going to totally break down their body by continuing to just pile more and more weight on. I think when you can intervene with somebody in early age and teach them by a mechanically how to squat better, which Mike and I have discussed before at length, like it's not, it's not easy to really dissect that lift. It's a complicated lift. There's a lot of moving parts. So you have to be willing to spend a lot of time with that person to teach them from the ground up. In those instances when you can, I think you could probably teach somebody how to squat more safely. That doesn't take away the fact that if you can do it and not have to load that way, and especially as we talk about the aging population, then the benefits might still, right, the way the risks in terms of this is better single egg squat. But I think that you can probably teach that lift, but you have to be willing to teach that person to either unlearn the bad things that they've already learned, or if they're starting out early learn how to do it more properly. And you could do it in stages too. You can by squatting two a box. You can buy them a canclet. Fix a lot of people's issues because having the target or the safety net behind them is enough to sort of get them to actually move in a better way. But you don't want to train that way. You know, without ultimately going to a freestanding squat, if they're going to be ultimately playing sports and needing to do something, let's say an offensive lineman coming off the line. But again, I'm actually in my camps in terms of the value of single egg training. We do so much single egg training with athlete and acts because I believe that it's not just the unloading that we get from the single egg squat. It's just as Mike said, how we're wired, how we're actually preferred to move. And I get, I took some shit along the way because any time you pick up a leg from the ground, it's functional training. And then all of a sudden that has was a cool thing at one time. It's not a cool thing anymore. But you do pick up your leg and yes, that's functional for a reason. So I think doing lunging and step ups. We did, we built a whole program in art and with the mats around step ups and lunging because we knew how important. That was. And again, we did other forms of bilateral lifting. We would do trap bar dead lifting to clean up some of the issues that people had. I always say that if you want to learn how to squat, take a dumbbell, hold it between your hands or kettlebell and just let the ball let the dumbbell the weight go straight down to the ground. It will put you biomechanically, almost a perfect position because you're just letting the weight drop straight down your center of mass. That's a great tool for teaching what people are supposed to feel like. But when you then go put the bar in their back, as soon as the butt they don't have thoracic mobility, all the things that they're lacking, start to change that dramatically. From just, you think it's the same exercise because you're going straight up and down. But it's a very different exercise because now when your hands are up and again, thoracic extension is more required. They don't have that and the whole system gets thrown out of whack. So it's done. It's still done in certain circumstances and you're always going to still encounter people who I don't know. Mike might just tell me to go to a different gym, but like, you know, there's going to be people who will insist that they still have to squat and they want to learn how to do it and do it more safely. And I think having the, you know, the willingness or the ability to still coach them through that is important. But because of guys like Mike and because hopefully stuff that I talk about, like there, there people are less reliant on those as the, as the only things that they can do. I'm Peter Atia. This podcast relies exclusively on premium subscribers for support, which allows us to provide all our content without taking a single penny from advertisers. I believe this keeps my content honest, making it a trusted resource for listeners like you. As a premium member, you'll get immediate access to our entire back catalog of AMA episodes and all future AMA episodes. You'll get longevity, focused premium articles packed with actionable insights. You'll get unrivaled show notes for each and every episode of the drive, every topic, every study, every resource from each episode, carefully curated for you. You'll get quarterly podcast summaries where you'll learn my biggest personal takeaways from the previous 90 days of expert guest episodes and much more. This journey doesn't have to be navigated alone. We can take these steps towards a better, longer life together. Become a premium member today at PeterAtiaMD.com forward slash subscribe to join me in a shared commitment to a healthier future.