Let's talk about HDLs. The most confusing of the lot. Now, we've already done dedicated podcasts on this topic. We've spoken at length about this. So we're not going to be able to obviously cover this in too much detail. And we'll point people back towards the previous podcasts where I've done this. But you've already alluded to the fact that HDLs can be protective. This has led many people to refer to HDL as the so-called good cholesterol. And if you're quote unquote, good cholesterol is high, you don't need to worry about anything. I'm not going to ask you to debunk that because the tone of my question already suggests that that's nonsensical. So let's have a modest but brief discussion on how HDLs work. And why is it that when they're functioning, they can be quite protective. But at the same time, maybe say a word about why, unfortunately, we can't figure this out or discern this from blood tests. Yep, and it's so important. And it's so unknown out there in the real world. And in the layman's world, it's probably not known at all. Because they keep reading these idiotic missiles and newspapers and magazines that boy, check your good cholesterol. And even if it's all, you don't have to worry about your bad cholesterol, LDL. It's so sad. It's even sadder that some providers still believe this until their patients that. All right. So it'll basically what we say very quickly to any patients is, as we're teaching them about lipoproteins and what they do, what they carry. We get to a point where we're saying we're not going to talk about HDLs anymore. Now, don't get me wrong. HDL particles are incredibly important to both your cardiovascular system and probably many other tissues in their your body. And that means HDLs perform a lot of functions that, especially with the heart, may be very cardiovascular protective. We also know that some people have the type of HDLs that don't perform those cardiovascular protective functions. They actually perform bad functions to the artery, wall, and plaque, and the heart. So the important thing is you can understand boy. So it's what HDLs do. Let's call that HDL functionality and to make a long story short. Whether your HDLs are doing those cardiovascular functions or they're doing bad things to your vasculature, whatever they're doing has zero relationship to their cholesterol cargo, meaning your HDL cholesterol level in the blood. There are people with low HDL cholesterol, often a signal for a high cardiovascular risk, but not everybody. And there are people with very high HDL cholesterol been told they're protected and we know they are not. A group of them gets at their scorotic disease. A group of them have been described with breast cancer, dementia. So obviously you can't look at an HDL cholesterol in an individual patient and make extrapolations on what the HDLs are doing in that person. The reason HDLs have these either miraculous or disastrous properties comes down not to their lipid content. Certainly not their cholesterol content, but to their two things. Their protein content over 150 proteins have been found to be associated with various HDL particles. And they perform an immense number of likely very necessary actions that need to go on in certain tissues where things may be going wrong. We also know that the coat of an HDL apart from its proteins is virtually all phosphomalypids. So the exact phospholipid concentration of an HDL surface has tremendous amount of what to do can an HDL do wonderful things or bad things. Those phospholipids depend really determined what an HDL can bind to in various tissues. Now of course we can't measure HDL phospholipid content. There are hundreds of phospholipids. You would get a lipid dome coming back that you could pronounce after the phospholipids or at least the fatty acids that are in those phospholipids. And same with the protein. If there's 150 of my guaranteed average doctor might be familiar with about 10 of those proteins and not with the rest of them. So I don't know how to determine a patient's HDL functionality. Clearly the people having adverse effects with high HDL cholesterol have dysfunctional HDLs probably related to that proteome or their phospholipid content and vice versa. So what we tell a person right now is in the year 2024. We didn't always believe this. This bad cholesterol had an origin that everybody believed way back when framing him this to 50 or earlier observational trials. Nobody ever adjusted for APOD in those trials. It wasn't even available when they were doing it. So we now know that the people with low HDL cholesterol who do get after scroases always have high APOB and why? Why do those people have low HDL cholesterol? I've already told you it's the tricks that knock the HDL and the tricks may not be 400 and the tricks may only be 130 which are being ignored. So and what is high in MAPOB? So the proper treatment of low HDL cholesterol in the person you believe has cardiovascular risk is just like Tricks lower APOB. Lower non HDL cholesterol if you can't get an APOB. I don't know what if somebody has a high HDL cholesterol. I don't know what blood test it tell you. I would always check an APOB. We do that 100% of people and if it was high we would treat APOB regardless of an HDL cholesterol level. But I can't look at a man or a woman and say oh my god you're the one with high HDL see who might wind up with dementia or some cancer or something. I don't know. So we'll track those other diseases with other modalities that we have at our Beckon call. I don't know what to tell you about your cardiovascular health if you have high HDL see but I can guarantee you it is not a declaration of cardiac immortality. So it's HDL functionality. And you recall the we had an IC male exchange about a friend of mine who's I've known for many years. He's always had a very high HDL cholesterol and a very low LDL cholesterol. In fact his HDL has routinely been above 100 milligrams per desoliter and his LDL cholesterol has always been below 100 milligrams per desoliter. So this is a guy that by anybody's metric looks like he's in tip top shape. But I did suggest to him at one point you know it would be reasonable to at least do a calcium score because you know I've seen these case studies of individuals with high HDL see low LDL see who still end up having atherosclerosis and it can be quite aggressive because it could be that that high HDL cholesterol is actually a marker of dysfunctional HDL that are having a difficult time clearing it to make a long story short he ended up having quite a high calcium score. And so now he's on very aggressive treatment to take any residual risk out of that ApoB. So he's on double therapy now and he walks around with an ApoB in the 20 to 30 range and hopefully that's going to be sufficient to retard this. But again always a great story. I remember you sharing it I remember you sharing that case with me and I I got why did you do a CAC and because you heard me spout enough you learned your lesson I don't use HDL C to make any decision. Yeah it it distinctly remember reading a case study 10 years ago about a woman who looked just like that and ended up having a very advanced atherosclerosis.