The classic study which we'll talk about, which to me should change the entire approach to treating diabetes, it's called the E-DIC study. And in the E-DIC study, what we did is we used triple therapy right from the beginning. And my point of the Banting lecture, the ominous octet, if you have eight problems, why in the world you think one drug is going to correct eight problems? And it could happen in our lifetime. So the point was you need to use drugs in combination. So we said we're going to use what we think are the best drugs at the time. So we started with metformin with Exenitite, an old-time GLP1. It isn't not the Kingpin. This is the pre-Liriglu-type. Yeah, exactly. Because that's what was available. That drug was useless, wasn't it? No, it's a good drug. Wait, short, it's not some of the good times. Yeah, it's okay. But you have to start some of it, right? Let's pay it. It's due as being the Gen 1 OG version of that drug. Without which we might not have. We wouldn't have some of GLP2's appetite. Yes, so it's kind of an old-time. And P.O. Lidso, that was the triple therapy. Okay. And then we said every diabetic patient, they're 315 people in this study. They're having insulin clamps, hyperglycemic clamps, muscle biceps, no one in the world can do this study. 315 people, followed for six years. Okay. So we said, this is what we believe is the appropriate therapy. And then we said, we use the ADA approach. The ADA approach is you start a metformant. Okay. And when you fail, it even not explicitly said the next drug that you use this cell phone you're using is. And then the third drug that's added is insulin. And we said that the goal of therapy was an A1C of six and a half. Six years later, okay. 29% of the people with the ADA approach have failed. The A1C is above six and a half. Six years later, with our approach, 70% of the people have an A1C. It's less than six and a half. Why? Insulin clamp. Huge improvement with our therapy. Okay. This is the EDX study. The three-year data published the six-year data we're writing it up. How much improvement in insulin sensitivity with the ADA approach? Zero. How fun? You have almost a normal beta cell. Ralph, why the disconnect between what you're seeing in the EDX study and what the ADA is promoting? You have to ask the ADA. What's their answer? If I'm a patient, and I'm a physician who's treating these patients and I'm saying guys, I'm confused. I'm looking at the literature. I'm seeing this. I'm looking at your... I'm by the way, I see this with the AHA and cardiovascular guidance. I'm not singling out you or you. But is this simply a question of the pace at which medicine moves is so glacial? That's part of it. Plus, remember, to do three or fifteen people, follow them for sixteen years and do all the stuff we did. It's not equivocal. And why has there not been political pressure? Because the cost of insulin is enormous. And your approach is going to be less expensive. They finally said in 2022, this is statement. The ADA approach is not based on pathophysiology. I view myself as a scientist, as well as a clinician. As a good clinician, I take care of hundreds of thousands of patients and I've done at eight hundred fifty publications. I do clinical research. I work in people. When I do an insulin clamp study and I see an improvement in insulin sensitivity, I do a hyperglycemic clamp. And I see in three hundred fifteen people, your base I'll function. I don't need five thousand people. I don't need, I can't do this study in five thousand people. No one can do this study. But the tools that we're using are so powerful. Look, if I normalize your insulin sensitivity, and I give you a normal beta cell, and your A when C is less than six and a half. And it's, well, it's half of the three hundred fifteen people. Why you, not think that's the best therapy. And now on the other side, I have this metformin issue insulin. And that 71% of the people have failed. There's zero improvement in insulin sensitivity. Zero improvement in beta cell function. Why you think that's a good regimen. And now above and beyond all that, I didn't do this study. This is the great study. GRAD. It's sponsored by the National Institutes of Health. And what the great study said is, and I have to say, this is the third study that's shown when I'm going to tell you. Dr. Robert Turner's United Kingdom Prospective Diabetes. That showed this in year 1990. Stephen Kahn showed this in the adopt study in year 2005. And now we have the great study, 2020. I called this the 15 year revolution. Revelation. We saw what didn't work 1990. Stephen Kahn did it again. Oh, it didn't work in 2005. And now 2020. And I did it. You know what? All show the same thing. And this was a sequential approach. You had to fail on metformin to get into this study. Okay. So you failed in metformin. Then you entered the study. Then we go single agent. I can they they want to know what's the best next drug to add to metformin. I can add a cell phone area. And when see when down in year one. Up straight. I can add. Tell folks how a cell phone area works. Cell phone areas are all time drugs. They bind to the cell phone area receptor on the beta cell and the kick out insulin. And they're very good drugs in the first year. And then they burn out the pancreas. And well, they stop working. Yeah. I mean, basically they don't they kick the can down the road without addressing the pathophysiology. It that I like that way. Yes. Then other drug DPP for inhibitor. Tell people how those work. So a DPP for inhibitor increases your GLP one in your GIP level. And dodgously, it makes your gastrointestinal cells decay in the L cells that secrete the GLP one in GIP. Makes them make more GLP one in GIP. But it doesn't increase the GLP one in GIP enough to really give you a knockout punch. I give you an injection. You all people are out there. Mongero or some of gluteide. That's the knockout punch. Okay. When I give you the DPP for inhibitors. Yeah, they they do increase GLP one in GIP a little bit, but not powerful enough to give you a long lasting effect. So first year, a when C comes down, shhh, a when C goes up. Third drug that this was very surprising to me. This was lyricaly. This is one of the earlier GLP one receptor. I thought that was going to work the best. It failed. It worked in the first year and then failed. And then the fourth drug was insulin. And the the docs just didn't type to ate the insulin enough. So A1C it out and then they failed. So five years later, all four of those regimens added to metphondment failed. Triple therapy, exendotype, an old time GLP one. P.L. litison which people don't appreciate. The only true insulin sets thizer and metphondment. Six years later, you're 70% of the people have an A1C less than seven. And let's just go back. Metphondment is free. The gen one. Exeditize. Exeditize. Basically free. It's basically free now. P.L. litison is five dollars a month. Okay. So we have three free drugs that work better. Correct. Now it's interesting. When you talk about today's triple therapy, which is way more efficacious. Different two of those three drugs are very expensive. Yes. Yes, GLT2 inhibitors are very expensive and the modern day gen three gen four and soon will have a gen five. Yeah. GLP one. They're very pricey. $1000 a month for the. Yeah. Yeah. Now are they great drugs? So the question is of course. Yeah. But I guess the question is, do they do you need to be on those drugs? If your old version of triple therapy? Our old version is incredibly effective. The problem is you can't get people to use P.L. litison. And the reason is the patients are frustrated with the fact that they're retaining water? No. More that they wait game weight. How much weight do they gain typically? How many kilos? 10, something else? I don't go to the 45 milligrams. So at the end of the year, they may gain two or two and a half kilos at the 15 and 30 milligrams. Dose. Okay. If you give P.L. Plus a modern day, G.O.C.1, we've done offset the weekend. We cannot believe. Oh, you lose all the weight you lose with the G.L.P one receptor. So if a patient is willing to go down the path of a modern day G.L.P.1, that's a completely eliminate. Absolutely. And he also gets rid of the edema. Yeah. And believe me, there are anyone sees her down in the normal range. A person shows up with a, let me go up in a one, see, of nine and a half percent. This is a person who hasn't come to medical attention soon enough. And I'm going to give you the answer definitively, but I'm going to let you ask the question. You're happy if they only go from nine and a half percent to seven percent. If they only had a two and a half percent drop, you wouldn't try to get them down to six percent. I would. Okay. What drives me as science? If you understand pathophysiology and this in abnormality and you correct the abnormality, things get better. Okay. So in the Qatar study, and there are 220 people who are so in the study. To get into the Qatar study, you had to be poorly controlled in that form in cell following real. So you had to have failed on this. And the average A1C was about 10. And about a third of these people were symptomatic, meaning they had polyuretholic dips here. They were losing weight. And so the current concept is, and those people, you would put them on a mixed split insulin regimen. You would get rid of the glucotoxicity. You would get rid of the lipotoxicity. And you get their A1C down to six and a half. And then now you could put them back on the oral medications or whatever. And now they respond because you got rid of the glucotoxicity in lipotoxicity. Well, that may or may not be true. So we said, well, half of these people are starting with an A1C above 10 will go on a mixed split insulin regimen. Okay. With a large unit of rapid acting insulin. And the other half, I'm going to go on that old dude, ex-editite, MPO-Ledizo. One that people don't like to use. Okay. Three years later, the A1C in the group with a mixed split insulin regimen is 7.1. And we're very good at insulin. Why couldn't we go lower because we got into trouble with hypoglycemia? Okay. The A1C in the group, treated with ex-editite and PO-Ledizo is 6.1. And so then we said, okay, look, we'll do a subgroup analysis. And so about one-third of the people were, we'll just look at the people who are symptomatic. The starting A1C is 12.2. Three years later, their A1C is 6.1. How long? 6.1. Three years later? 12.2 symptomatic. On which combination? Ex-editite and PO-Ledizo. Without even metformin. Without they had failed, they had failed. But they had failed. To get into the study. Okay. So what we were saying, look, if you have drugs that correct the insulin resistance, that's PO-Ledizo. Again, Ralph, this is almost impossible for me to imagine. I can send you all the papers. I'll publish. But I just, I hope every single family medicine internist, everyone who ever takes care of somebody with diabetes is listening. I also do. Because you're basically saying, we can take these two old sheep drugs and take someone from the most brittle type two diabetes. I mean, a hemoglobin A1C of 12. Very bad. That's door. Correct. You're going to go blind. You're going to have your toes amputated. You're not ever going to have an erection again. And you're going to die of cardiovascular disease or kidney disease or Alzheimer's disease quickly. These numbers, I don't tell you they're right from the paper, and it's a lie. It's over 200 people. And in a couple of years, on two old, cheap drugs, you're normal. Yep. And what makes these studies so solid is we have very sophisticated pathophysiologic measurements. No one can do what we do. So the only way back is those patients are going to have to gain a couple of kilograms of, but of course, if you're willing to now spend a bit more money and switch them from Gen 1 to Gen 3 to Gen 4, GLP 1, Agnist and GIP, then all of a sudden you ameliorate that and you get all the benefits. This becomes an on-issue. If it puts us the sat.