Maybe the easiest way to start is just to kind of talk a little bit about this loaded word of trauma. When I first was introduced to this idea of trauma, I didn't know what it meant. And I think today it's become such a catchy buzzword that everybody is traumatized by something. And I don't know if that represents a pendulum, swing, or a normalization, or what. Why don't we just start with kind of how you describe trauma as a trauma therapist and as someone who's been doing trauma therapy for many years not just in the, you know, in the recent trendy years for whatever that means. But how do you describe this to people? Well, I would have described the same way that you described it initially, you know, back in the day, you know, trauma. I have to have been at Vietnam for a time, 9-11. These are those big tea traumas you hear some folks use that type of terminology. But within the spirit of the work, the need and the work, really embracing a definition, moments of perceived helplessness. Okay. So, you know, that's what's going to activate the limbic system. Right. So, who is to say what one limbic system evaluates as helplessness versus another? Right. So, that's when we get into this, I think, discovery of most of the people that I meet have been meeting over the last several years are the ones, wow. Like, I think I did experience trauma. You mentioned it's much more popular thing. And now are we trending in a different direction. So, and a lot of my work with clients individually or groups, you know, I say, I hate to over-simple five things, but I think sometimes we just make things to damn complex. Okay. And so, you know, a lot of what I do is try to depolarize for folks, you know, and we get into these situations to where, you know, we live in this world of get over it. It doesn't matter versus, like you mentioned, perhaps, stay stuck in it. Right. So, but yeah, moments of perceived helplessness, you know, activating that limbic system. And these things can happen, you know, sometimes at the bridge, you remember we talked about wounding events. And one of those would be a tragic event. You know, life seems to be going one way before this thing happens. And then this thing happens in life changes. And everything is different on the other side of that. Right. A big T event versus someone again who maybe you could describe it as a thousand paper cuts. Right. Someone growing up going through childhood daily, being limbically activated. But moments of perceived helplessness, that stuck for me. And it stuck for a lot of clients. That's what I'm talking about. I'm talking about my own life. I'm talking about my own life. I'm talking about my own life.