There's no question that opioids have been overused and abused. And there's no question that elicit use of these things has had a devastating impact on our society. But it would be difficult to say that the field of medicine would be better off having never had an opioid to, you know, we just talked about surgery, for example, very challenging to deliver medical care in a hospital without opioids. So the question becomes, what is the most responsible case for oral opioids, which by definition are meant to be used outside of a hospital, not inside a hospital? And as a pain specialist, I would imagine few people are better equipped to navigate the nuance of that question. Yeah, it is a very nuanced question. I think a little preamble first. I don't take money from either the opioid companies. I don't take money from the litigation that's ongoing because there are tens and tens of billions of dollars that play right now. Yeah, I don't take money. And I am not pro-alpioid. I am not anti-opioid. I am pro-patient. I view them as a tool. I view them as a tool much like the other medications, interventions, mind-body, physical rehabilitative complementary tools that we use. They have a particular place. I have a personal deep appreciation for the destruction that these agents can cause. I come from a family, very deep in addiction, very deep. I've lost close family members to opioid overdose. I've lost close family members to alcoholism. I am personally petrified of these drugs. And I have gone through surgeries that the surgeon said, you can't get through this without an opioid and I'm like, I'll be fine. Because my approach is avoidance. With that said, I have learned a long time ago not to project my personal experiences onto my patients. That had to come through age, wisdom, whatever. It is true. Prescription opioids were over prescribed. They were over marketed. They were, you know, there were bad actors doing bad things. It came at a time, but it's not that simple a story. I sometimes get frustrated because I feel like you can make really simple sound bites out of this complex societal issue when it was a perfect storm that hit. Yes, you had a letter to the editor of New England Journal saying that nobody got addicted to on a 38 patients or some nonsense and Purdue and others ran with this and I get that and they did bad things. You also have to put things in the context of what was going on in society. There was growing awareness of pain as there should be. There was growing pressures to do something about it. People have brought up the pain as a fifth vital sign is an example and people have different opinions about that. Did it have bad consequences? Yes, did it have good consequences? Hell yes. Run the counterfactual. Do you want to go back to a time when we're not asking patients after surgery they're paying? Do you want your mother, your daughter? Back in that time, I think the answer is clearly not. But also there was other pressures and Peter, you were witness those first hand. What was going on back in the 90s and the 2000s? After surgery, there was this massive push to get people out of the hospital and put them in their home. We were replacing care in a hospital with care in the home. In the hospital, we had time to see their trajectory. We could tie trade their opioids or whatever or get them tuned up dialed in and then send them home. Now surgery overnight, your home, let's give you a bucket of whatever and the reason for that was surgeons and docks don't like getting called at 3 a.m. for pain control. So pressure to put people out in the home environment on top of it docks get lousy training for pain. Like what is the average seven hours I think in medical school? That's by the way 40 hours of pain. So great if you've got a dog, not so great for patient. So you've got this pressure and by the way not only that on top of that, but now you've got the introduction of patient satisfaction scores. I have to imagine in your private practice you don't have to measure press gaining in patient satisfaction scores but in hospitals everybody does. Or at least they did. I think they're coming to their senses and so one way of addressing the satisfaction give more opioids. So there's and there's more. There's many, many, many pressures that came to bear that helped create this problem of which there were bad actors out there. By the way the perfect analogy to this is the mortgage crisis in 2006 to 2008. If you took a zero-th order view it would be really easy to blame one of the entities. But it is actually a perfect storm, right? I have a slide yet on the open crisis I call it the perfect storm. Yeah. You're absolutely right and in the end and here I'm going to be a little bit reductive when it comes to the docks roles in this. I'm going to borrow from my friend professor Keith Humphrey's. There are three kinds of physicians in the out there. There are the majority of the physicians doing the right thing for the right reasons. There are the next group which is a much smaller group physicians doing the wrong thing for the right reasons. And at the very top of that pyramid, a little group you got physicians doing the wrong thing for the wrong reasons. Bad, those people at the top take away their license, put them in jail. But you had a group of people here in the middle that were doing the wrong thing for the right reasons that they either didn't have the right education. They thought they were helping people. They did they contribute to the problem. Yes, have they gotten educated? Have we, yes, I didn't answer your question though. And let me now circle back and I hope you'll forgive that little bit of saliliqui on my perspective of that 20 years. I don't use opioids as a first line age I never, almost never, end of life, cancer. But usually by then they've tried other things before they're getting to us.