When it comes to someone's risk of dying, you characterize the biggest risks as the forehorsesmen. So could you explain what those are? Yeah, I mean, you can't have a discussion on this topic without talking about the forehorsesmen, which you know, might seem a bit grim, but there's no reason to avoid talking about the inevitable, which is every one of us in this room is not going to be alive at some point. And I think to confront the how is important, right? So statistically speaking, all of us in this room are going to succumb to one of four processes or disease processes. So in rank order, the first of those would be cardiovascular and cerebral vascular disease. That's the leading cause of death in the United States. That's the leading cause of death globally. It's the leading cause of death for men and it's the leading cause of death for women. Full stop. So that's a heart attack, a stroke. The number two, and it's not that far behind in the United States, is cancer. And of course cancer isn't just one disease. We lump it all together, but of course prostate cancer and breast cancer are, you know, frankly as as as different as, you know, a pickup truck and a Karola. They're, you know, they both have four wheels, but that's about where the similarity ends. Number three would be the diseases of dementia and the neurodegenerative diseases. And there's a lot of things in here, right? So you have Alzheimer's disease, which is the most common form of dementia, but you also have lots of other types of dementia that are, that are not neurodegeneratives, such as vascular dementia. And then you have the fourth horsemen is kind of a spectrum of diseases that we call metabolic diseases. The, the most extreme version of this would be type two diabetes. But of course all along the way, you have conditions like fatty liver disease and insulin resistance. And all of these conditions form a continuum and the most important thing to know about them is while not that many people will die directly from those diseases. If you have anything along that continuum, it's increasing your risk of about by about 50% of the other three horsemen. So we, we really want to think about a strategy at mitigating all four of these conditions and delaying them as long as possible. But what do you say to someone that may already be navigating these chronic diseases that come with aging and what advice would you give them on how to manage a high quality of life and keep hope during these times? You know, it would matter very specifically on which one we're talking about, right? So I certainly won't ask for a show of hands, but just based on the age of everyone in this room, it's impossible for me to imagine that nobody in this room hasn't already faced some of these diseases, right? So if you're sitting in this room and you already had a stent placed in your coronary arteries, that says, look, you've already had a brush with coronary artery disease. Maybe someone in this audience has already had a heart attack and you're fortunate enough to have survived it. Well, the short answer is look, the fact that you've survived it is great and that means you get a second chance. Many people don't, right? So many people's first brush with heart disease is death. In fact, on average, about 50% of people, one in two people that have a heart attack, it's immediately fatal. So if you're in that group where you've had that heart attack or you know somebody who has and they've lived to tell about it, they're in the lucky camp and what they should be doing is everything in their power to not only prevent it from happening again, but to strengthen their body. And so, you know, the first thing I do is I ask myself, what were the conditions that I had that led to this heart attack in the first place? Now, some of these conditions, you don't have a lot of control over. Genetics play a strong role here, but there are many things that can be controlled, such as cholesterol levels, blood pressure, smoking. Those would be the big three. And we have ways to manage all of those things. Also, we know that exercise plays a very important role as does metabolic health. So, you know, I've met many people who have had that near brush with death from that standpoint of a first heart attack, they survive it. And what do they do? They turn it around and they say, look, I'm going to lose 30 pounds. I'm going to stop smoking or I'm going to manage my blood pressure cholesterol better. I'm going to take up exercise. And I know people that have gone on to live 30 years after that event that might have happened when they were 60 and they live until they're in their 90s. So, I guess I would always frame it through the lens of, hey, am I fortunate enough to have survived this thing? And if so, what am I going to do going forward?