You talked about the trauma tree, maybe we can describe the roots and branches of that tree in some detail, because that is kind of the meta structure that I think that story gets told. It's the cause and effect piece of it, at least that's how I sort of came to understand it. I've seen many different ways that trauma is described. Obviously, since I left the bridge, I'm a topic, I'm personally very interested in for myself for patients, et cetera. But I'll say, Jeff, I always come back to that structure and I think it is the single best one I've seen. And that doesn't mean that it is the best one. It's just the one that resonates the most with me, because causality means so much in my world. And I like the idea that even though it's not a one-to-one mapping, you know, everyone who experiences this trauma will have this manifestation, clearly not. But if you accept a little bit of the randomness in the system, it's pretty powerful. So maybe walk people through the five roots and the four branches of the trauma tree. The five roots of the trauma tree, that's the what happened to me. So this can be seen through the lens of trauma. And for folks where trauma is just too big of a word, I can't I can you believe I'm saying that on this podcast, but okay, then lose it, right? Highly stressful events. So abuse tends to be the one that we talk really the least about at the bridge, because that's the one that folks tend to know the most about. That's not to mean that we minimize it. There's just so many different forms of abuse, physical, emotional, object, social. So you move over from abuse and you look at something like neglect, which can be very tricky. So many folks that have experience neglect. It's an eye opening experience, because while something like abuse is something that happened to me, neglect is something that failed to happen for me. And so to see that through the lens of high stress or pain, so many different ways one can be neglected. You know, an example that's used there is the little boy that is going to school and he's being bullied, okay? And he's got these parents who are professionals and they're successful and they're busy and they've got the best of intentions, but they're missing it. They're missing the look on this kid's face when he comes in every day and before he gets on that bus every morning, that question's not being asked, what's happening? And so every day, this little person's being required to go to this place where this thing's going to happen and evidently these folks at my house don't have time. Right? And it's important to emphasize, I think the word intention, because intention is not required. Right? How many times have I said, have I heard, well they had the best of intentions that tried that it still happened or in the case of neglect. It failed to happen, okay? In measurement, that's a wounding experience where you've got a boundary violation, right? So that can happen within the spirit of what we call emotional incest, where a child is put in an inappropriate and age in appropriate position. Maybe the child becomes best friend, counselor, and confidant for a mom or dad. And then you've just got this in golfing and measurement, which happens a lot of times in successful families where outcomes and expectations are celebrated and they're not so much the journey. And so that in golfing and measurement can be one of those situations where this is the way to be more of a me mini me relationship between a parent and a child instead of that eye-val relationship. And so in those situations with with the measurement, what typically happens is either drink the kool-aid, get on board with it or what do we do? We rebel. And I'm not going to do anything that looks anything like this. Neither of those things is probably who I was meant to develop into. Yes? I think probably in my opinion the umbrella wound or we're talking about the tree, the root of the tree would be abandonment, okay? And physical desertion or abandonment, that's low hanging fruit as far as I think the general public and knowledge is when somebody leaves, no, a permanent abandonment obviously someone passes away, there's death, there's seasonal, folks leave for work, military deployment, folks go to prison, parents get separated, parents leave, come back. Now emotional abandonment, that's that situation where someone's there, but they're really not there. And this emotional self gets denied. And a lot of times when you're emotionally abandoned, it can be a situation where it's emotionally cut back, meaning the house I grew up in, we did anger, that's what we did. What no k to be sad, what no k to be scared, but we did anger, okay? So it wasn't like we were emotion free. It was just we were cut back to that one, that's the one that I saw the most. And then sometimes it's just the situation where it's cut off and it's splank in no emotion. And I mentioned already the tragic event route of that trauma tree. And so I guess what I mean by the abandonment for me being this umbrella wound is when you abuse me, you abandon me. I keep going to parents because those are the folks that we spend the most of our time within those formative years, but any of these wounds can happen with anybody in our life. And they can also happen any time in life. It's not limited to childhood. When you get something happening when the brain and the body's developing, right? You get something what I call, it gets concrete. That gets cemented. It gets burnt in. And that thing that I'm talking about getting burnt in is how I adapted. All right. I mentioned that the question is what happened to me, but I believe the most important discovery is how I adapted. Okay. We talk about that tree and we're talking about the roots being the wounding experiences. And then that's top of that tree is the manifestations if you will of the woundingness. Right? This is how I survived. Okay. And so you have codependence. You have addictive patterns. You have attachment issues. And a whole slew of just survival strategies. Mala-daptive survival strategies. And as I say that word, maladaptive, I want to wash my mouth out with soap. Okay? Because they are ingenious, damaged control strategies. The way I describe them, it's an old friend that served me well. And perhaps now it's making life hard. And the best example of I can give is that a four-year-old boy, spending a lot of time in his bedroom, playing with the doorclothes, playing loud. So that he doesn't have to hear what's going on in the rest of the house. And then one particular day, he hears his mother in a voice he's has never heard before. Tell his father that she thinks her arms are going to be broken and he has to open the door. And when he opens the door, he sees his mother up against the refrigerator. And in her father, the boy's father, he's got her in a hammer lock, arms behind her. And the little boy's got to do something. Right? And he's really outgunned. Because let's say dad's 35 and he's four. So he starts walking towards them. And the first room on the right is a bathroom. And he goes into the bathroom and he lifts the lid on the toilet and he faints, fakes, acts as if he's vomiting. And the next thing he hears is, do you hear that's your son's getting sick? And dad lets mom go. Now, there's the boy go back into his bedroom and get out a little journal and write down manipulation and deception or very effective in life, probably not. But I say he learned a powerful lesson that day about deception and manipulation. Right? He got him out of trouble. He got his mom out of trouble that day. Right? And old friend that served him well, perhaps has made him life hard. Because healthy folks in adult relationships, Peter, they don't dig deception in manipulation. So that's where my old friend can get in my driver's seat. You could say and make life hard for me. But a very adaptive skill. I would call it a skill. Some folks would use the language of a character defect, not against that language. I just prefer a skill.