Whenever I think of the brain, I think of GBMs, right? I think of these awful tumors, which I guess for the listener, we can explain what that is. So maybe Telphogs, what a GBM is, why a GBM is truly one of the cancers that gives cancer a bad name. And I guess my real question for you is, given that traditional surgery has historically never worked for this tumor, you simply can't resolve it. And you think about the transition away from craniumy, big, open procedure. Is there anything on the horizon for GBMs to render them less lethal? Yeah, it's a great question. So GBM stands for Glyll Blastoma, multiformy, and it's a mouthful of a horn. But if you break it down, what it's referring to, the Glyll part of that word refers to the cell origin, the brain has different types of cells. And if you look in the big buckets, there's neurons, which are the ones that primarily are the ones that allow us to do thinking and function. And then there's a large population of support cells. They're called Glyll, and that's that first part, Glyll Blastoma originates from those support cell population. Multiforma refers to, you know, these original descriptions, histologically of the tumors that really showed, multiple form, multiple histology, some of the key features of it are the necrosis, the tumor grows so quickly that it outstrips its blood supply. And in its wake, it leaves cell death, what we call necrosis. So like you alluded to, it really is, you know, a terrible kind of disease and condition. We are making progress, and specifically, around understanding what causes. So, you know, just 10 years ago, you would remove one of these tumors, and you send this to the lab, and you could get the diagnosis of, that this is a global estomal. Now, it most academic medical centers, you'll also get a genetic profile of the tumor. So nowadays, we actually know specifically what kind of mutations are involved in the tumor, and that's going to be really critical for this next chapter, which is using those genetic alterations actually to tailor and personalize, you know, chemotherapy and more. So this has big implications, because we're now moving from narrower, we use a visualization of the histology. Now to this molecular profiling, which is more mechanistic, the new chemo agents are really going to be targeting mechanisms, as opposed to general things like cell cycle, metabolism, and things like that. So these are things that are changing, you know, and we needed to change faster. They're also really exciting things that we're seeing around new ways to train the immune cells, to target things. It turns out that glierblastom was actually suppressed parts of the immune system, so they're kind of like growing and stealth, and they activate molecules and cells in a cloak way that can't be recognized by immune cells anymore. And so if we can basically allow the tumors to be recognized by the immune system, that could be something that really unlocks therapy in the future, too. But the things that we do know that work pretty well right now, at least in terms of prolonging survival for patients, it really meaningful, survival. Actually still is around the surgery. We do know that the more extensive the resection, the longer the survival is, and that's been really well-characterized now, but it's not curative, like you said. We can remove 99% or even 100 in beyond what we see on the MRI. Unfortunately, there's usually microscopic cells that go beyond what we can see on the MRI that are still there and over time, or we populate, you know, the tumor. And so it is a really complicated and tough disease, but we're working really hard on it. Do we have any idea what predisposes an individual to this from a risk perspective? Short answer is now. Because it clicks young, it clicks old, a knife watch, children die of this, teenagers, people in mid-life, people at the end of life. It seems to have no apparent pattern. Yeah, and part of that has to do with its mechanisms. It's not something that we consider as a heritable kind of risk. But what it does rely on is a set of mutations. And it's rarely the same set, which is a very polygyogenic condition. Exactly. And that's what makes it really tricky to treat. When we talk about gluteblastoma, we're actually not talking about one thing. We're talking about a system of genetic alterations that together have cascaded into the form that we see. And I suspect we'll come back to this, Eddie, but you've alluded to chemotherapy occasions that can be used, whether it's the treat gluteblastoma or anything else, including meds of other epithelial cancers that spread to the brain. The blood brain barrier poses a challenge for treatment. Do you think the future lies in treatment within the CMS? The CSF, so treating directly inside, an interferethically or directly into the central nervous system, or do you think it's designing drugs that cross the blood brain barrier? I mean, what do you think the future looks like? I think it's going to look like all of the buff, actually. And this is a situation where we do need to look at all possible options. This is not like the kind of thing where we're thinking, like non-invasive or minimally invasive, like really something that will work as the first priority. One of the technologies I'm really interested in following how this develops and we're doing research on this at UCSF, is using focus ultrasound. So most people know about ultrasound to diagnose, but if you change the energy profile of it, you can actually use acoustic energy through an ultrasound to actually open up the blood brain barrier and targeted parts of the brain. And so there is a lot of development on using that as a way to do delivery as opposed to putting a catheter or something directly in the brain. And then with that set of new agents that can be really molecularly specific to get to targets once you open up that blood brain barrier. I want to back up and just have people understand how you even do a wake surgery because the traditional way that surgery is done requires general anesthesia. In general anesthesia, typically requires three things. It requires one type of medication to blunt pain. Another type of medication to block memory. And another type of medication to paralyze you. Now, of course, if things go wrong and things have gone wrong, sometimes patients are paralyzed, but they feel pain, but they can't communicate it. And these are these catastrophic, but fortunately, very rare events that occur in anesthesia. But correct anesthesia is done where a patient has no sense of time or memory of anything. They can't feel anything and they can't move, which means they're actually safe. Right? It's to save them as well. So help us understand how it is that you can do surgery without all three of those conditions being present. I'm Peter Atia. This podcast relies exclusively on premium subscribers for support, which allows us to provide all our content without taking a single penny from advertisers. I believe this keeps my content honest, making it a trusted resource for listeners like you. As a premium member, you'll get immediate access to our entire back catalog of AMA episodes and all future AMA episodes. You'll get longevity, focused premium articles packed with actionable insights. You'll get unrivaled show notes for each and every episode of the drive, every topic, every study, every resource from each episode, carefully curated for you. You'll get quarterly podcast summaries where you'll learn my biggest personal takeaways from the previous 90 days of expert guest episodes and much more. This journey doesn't have to be navigated alone. We can take these steps towards a better, longer life together. Become a premium member today at PeterAtiaMD.com forward slash subscribe to join me in a shared commitment to a healthier future.