If you tied my hands behind my back and said, Ralph, you can only pick one drug. I would pick one of the newer GLP ones. They're incredible drugs. Now, but that's not what I'm going to do. Even for a lean diabetic? They're a little bit different story, but the answer is basically yes. Okay. But let me narrow that down a little bit. If I had to pick two drugs, I would pick peeled lidsone with one of the newer drugs. And for sure, if you had any kind of renal of cardiac disease, I'm going to pick an STLT2 inhibitor. But I would say, although this study will never be done, if you're a newly diagnosed diabetic, you don't have any cardiac symptoms. Why do you think that the STLT2 inhibitor is not doing all of the beneficial things in that newly diagnosed diabetic that it's doing? And the people who get into these studies already have cardiac disease. So if you have a cardiac problem, I put you on the STLT2 inhibitor. You're less likely to have MI stroke, et cetera. It's doing good things. It's doing, in my opinion, the exact same good thing. And someone who I'm just diagnosing for the first time when I put them on the STLT2 inhibitor. But no one is ever going to do a study. It's impossible. I'm going to take 1,000 people, you have to take 5,000, probably have to take 20,000 people. Nulli diagnosed and then 10,000 going, STLT2 and 10,000 on placebo. I'm going to follow them for 20 years to see who's going to have their heart attack. No one's going to do that study. Are they going to get all kinds of drugs? So no one is going to be able to show. But that's sort of like, yeah, that's never going to happen. But I also don't think it needs to happen in the same way that I agree with you. In the same way that we saw, for example, you know, PCSK9 inhibitors reduced mace in people with secondary prevention. Yeah. Take people who had already suffered mace, put them on a PSPSK9 inhibitor. You secondary prevention reduce subsequent. Well, of course, everybody's using these for primary prevention. Now that's effectively what you're saying. Sure. We already know the STLT2 works for secondary prevention. That may never get approval for primary prevention. But it probably justifies it. It's a way of putting it. Yeah. I agree with you 100%. So just to make sure I'm synthesizing what you're saying, Ralph, if you only get one drug and your price Ignostic, GOP one agonist. Yeah. If you get to add a second drug, you're going to add PO. Yeah. If you get a third drug, especially if you care about your heart. Yes. Yes, yes, yes. And what's amazing is metformin didn't even make the top three in your list. But it's never for it. But it's really my question. Given the metformin is free, yeah. Should we just be adding it the second we put on the GOP one? I don't have any problem with that. Yeah. And also we have to be cognizant of the fact, you know, these new GOP ones. Which is so important. Yeah. But there are $1000 a month. Yeah. So, you know, I want to ask you about that. So, so the just again for the listeners, right? The semi-glutide's Gen 3. The triusepotide is Gen 4. Reddit TrueTide is coming out assuming the phase 3 goes according to plan. Yeah. And Kagee Sema is the new Nova one. Yeah. So here, let's go back to Reddit TrueTide. Yeah. GOP one. Yeah. GOP one. Yeah. GOP one. GOP one. GOP one. GOP one. GOP one. GOP one. GOP one. GOP one. GOP one. GOP one. GOP one. GOP one. GOP one. GOP one. GOP. GOP one. GOP on. GOP on. GOP one. GOP one. GOP one. GOP one. GOP one. GOP one. GOP one. GOP one. GOP one. GoP one. GOP one. GoP one. GOP one. No one. GOP on. GOP has a bipolar wing con. GoP one. GOPOne. the best drugs in the world, for losing weight. These are the best drugs in the world for saving your beta cell. People have told you that when you eat a meal, 70% of the insulin that's secreted is coming from the GLP-1 and the GIP. People are not talking about this effect on the beta cell. If you want to look at type 2 diabetes, big problems, beta cell failure, insulin resistance. These GLP-1s, they're saving your beta cell. We've forgotten about, we've come so enamored with the weight loss. I don't want to downplay that at all because the weight loss and the lipo-tox is a huge problem that's causing the insulin resistance. But people are forgotten how powerful these drugs are on the beta cell. When I give you this drug and work on the beta cell in the kick out insulin, any negative thing that GLP-1s will be tolering the gated. Now, you may see some good things that GLP-1s are doing that we couldn't appreciate before. So, what are the good things? Some people have suggested that the increase is thermogenesis energy expenditure. I don't believe that. There are animal data. I don't believe this in human. I believe that it's exerting an inorectic effect in the central nervous system. That is, I think, yet to be established. Pretty sure there's studies going on now at the Pennington Institute and maybe also in Orlando where they have these chambers where you can see our eye. Yeah. Yeah. So, I think we'll get an answer about energy expenditure. I would be surprised if they're going to see a clinically meaningful increase in non-involentary energy expenditure. I'm with you. I think it's all appetite. And here's another issue. So, it is very interesting if you look at all these big GLP-1s studies, cardiovascular. What's the reduction in cardiovascular events? Almost uniformly 20%. Old dudes, ex-enitide, etc. Lyricaly-type, new dudes, 20%. Even though the weight loss with the new ones is much greater. Much greater. I suspect in terms of cardiovascular benefit, there is a cap. That once you've lost a certain amount of weight, and you've gotten a certain amount of lipotoxicity, and all the good things that these drugs are doing, you don't go beyond that. Even though you're losing more weight. And also, if you look at the A1C, you know, yes, MontGiro does drop the A1C a little bit more than semigluitide. But they're both pretty powerful. And the other type does a little bit more than cardiovascular. I do a little bit more. But they don't do a lot more. So, I also think there's also going to be a somewhat of a cap on how much you drop the A1C. You know, you get two or a half percent drop. Can you drop it three? Do you need to drop it three?