help people understand what you mean about the distinction between thoughts and thinking. It is important. I think it's uniquely important when we talk about anxiety. I like to talk about the W's of that level two thinking. I'm going to break into three categories. We haven't gotten to the third one yet, which is any real scary in just a second here. But I like to talk about the W's, the who what where when, why, how ends in a W, and what if? When I hear someone asking a question that starts with a W, and whenever the statement is, ends with a question mark. In my work, if it's about their anxiety court issue. So if someone is social anxiety, the fear of public speaking. If someone has a fear of snakes, the fear of being bitten by a snake. When they're asking questions about, is that snake going to be there? Does that garden have snakes? Is that public speaking event tomorrow? And when am I going to do about it? What if they laugh at me? When I hear those questions, most of it's just something that someone's worried. But that looks productive. It looks like you're trying to figure something out. And for most of us, we just move on with our day. For the anxiety sufferer, it is an attempt to resolve uncertainty. It is an attempt to figure out something that you don't have the chance to figure out because that time has not happened yet. It's a fortune telling mindset of mental action. And so worrying the verb is an activity. And most of us do it and move on with our lives. It's like Teflon is slides off of us. But for the anxiety sufferer, worrying looks like they're trying to solve something. The problem is is when they get their answer, they're not done. And that's the epidemic of anxiety that whether you do a ritual that looks more behavioral, like scrubbing your hands, praying excessively, asking the police officer if they got a report if anyone got run over in the intersection, which is called hidden runo CD, rereading your email 17 times or wondering about your email. Questioning, did I send that out? Was there a typo in there? Are they judging me? What if they say something back to me? Those don't look like rituals or compulsions. But it's our ability to resolve anxiety to solve uncertainty, to deal with this interfering that is killing us on the inside. And it is its own designation of symptoms. So maybe just to step back, the first thing I'm doing in therapy with almost anyone I work with is breaking down symptoms into three categories. And there's two acronyms I'll use. It doesn't matter for me amongst all the anxiety disorders. And I can get kind of Q2 with this, but it's category one, category two, and category three. Very basic. When he's letters, it's T's O's and C's. If I'm dealing with OCD, which stands for triggers, obsessions, and compulsions. And for almost every other anxiety disorder, it's T, F, and S, B triggers, fears, and safety behaviors. And every DSM, every anxiety specialist, and every treat's anxiety, and any who battles anxiety should know those three levels of symptoms. Triggers are the things that bother you, the events, the people, the places, the things that are out of your control. It's God messing with us. Sometimes just you're using around and I thought pops in your head can be a trigger, unfortunately. Sometimes a physical symptom can be a trigger. The middle column, which I use the letter O or fear, O for obsession, F for fear, is the internal experiences you're having. And I use it when having, not doing, that are out of your control. Breathing, heart rate, yucky thoughts, upset tummy, a twitch, a feeling, an aura. For most of us, we call those worries or fears or obsessions. Sometimes it's an urge. And those are not up to us. That means your body's working. Sometimes it's working in overdrive. Sometimes it means your prefrontal cortex and your limbic region. We'll talk about brain stuff in a few minutes. I'm sure are not communicating properly. But that means that something went off in your body as a signal of, uh, oh, there might be danger. And so it's happening to you. The next thing that happens in the most basic behavioral paradigm Peter is stimulus and response. And what happens between stimulus and response is we're all the magic happens. And one's ability to make decisions effectively between stimulus and response is where therapy really takes takes action. That response and all the anxiety disorders is avoidance. Rituals behavioral or mental. And so it's a therapist job to figure out those symptoms, the T's, O's and C's, tagging the patient on what they are because most patients and honestly probably most therapists confuse worries from worrying thoughts from thinking. And most therapists are going to put anything between your ears in category two. And in the last 10 to 15 years online, there's been language and descriptions of something called pure OCD. P-U-R-E, pure O-C-D. And what that was was people thinking that I just have obsessions. I'm a purely obsessional subcategory of OCD. And I have pure O-O-C down my website. I write about it. I blog about it. Because I want people who think they have that to find our website and to find us. Because I want to reverse engineer what they think is going on. They think they're just having obsessions because it's all happening up here. Which really going on is they're having obsessions. And then spending all day long up here trying to solve an existential crisis. Which I would call meant to ritual. So let's help people understand that. And we can either use, in fact, I'd like to do both. I'd like to use thoughts versus thinking. And I'd like to use worry versus worrying to help people understand when they've crossed that threshold. I'm Peter Atia. This podcast relies exclusively on premium subscribers for support. Which allows us to provide all our content without taking a single penny from advertisers. I believe this keeps my content honest, making it a trusted resource for listeners like you. As a premium member, you'll get immediate access to our entire back catalog of AMA episodes and all future AMA episodes. You'll get longevity, focused premium articles packed with actionable insights. You'll get unrivaled show notes for each and every episode of the drive. Every topic, every study, every resource from each episode carefully curated for you. You'll get quarterly podcast summaries where you'll learn my biggest personal takeaways from the previous 90 days of expert guest episodes and much more. This journey doesn't have to be navigated alone. We can take these steps towards a better, longer life together. Become a premium member today at PeterAtiaMD.com forward slash subscribe to join me in a shared commitment to a healthier future.