I think the danger in medicine in one of the poisons today is the absolutism. That's out there. And when we go through medical school, it's a, you're just memorizing and regurgitating. And it's this terrible robotic dogmatic, you're still that way. It's still that way. You might even think, say, it's worse. So I was talking this morning that Dr. Will Bruno just graduated, you met him, buddy of mine I'm working with on the appropriateness work. And he just graduated from Oklahoma University School of Medicine. We were talking about all the useless, dumb, remote memorization stuff. He said it was like 50% of his medical education. This bacteria is catalyzed positive, catalyzed negative. It says a branch chain, bacteria. This is a straight chain. It's just, it's my numbing, memorizing the names of enzymes. He says was like 20% of his medical education. What are we doing to these kids? They come to us in medical school, bright, creative, altruistic, they want to do good. Social justice is a generational value. And we beat them with the road memorization of these enzymes and stuff you can look up. We have phones nowadays. You don't have to know the crebs cycle on demand and the trauma bay. And we do this to this incredible generation. We spit them out seven, eight years later. There are different people. The robotic. There are sometimes emotionally disconnected. They've learned to reflex as a survival mechanism in order to do what we tell them to do, which is get through the exams. And the thing that kills me and a lot of students, they see the tension, they feel it, they hate it. They're fighting it. And we do have incredible students that are able to stay normal through the process. But it's a struggle because the culture of medicine says obey. And it's one private company that controls the medical education in every medical school in America. The WMC, a small group of people, get to decide what every doctor learns in their medical education. And these people are dinosaurs, they're forcing these kids to memorize the names of all these. And what's the relationship between the AMC and the company that administers the USMLE and the accreditation? Are they linked in some way, presumably? Yes. Yeah. So that is the private organization, WMC. Small group of people. Is the entity that also regulates the USMLE for licensing and exams? Yes. They collect a lot of money from these students. It's a private organization. So I know I was talking to one of the cool things that we get to do is talk to a lot of people out there in America and get a bit of a bird's eye view on things. And I was talking to conference of medical school deans. And later on, I had met the dean of medical school in San Antonio University of the Incarnate Word. UIW. It's called Great Medical School San Antonio. And she's like, gosh, Marty, you're so right. Why do we have to teach all this wrote memorization and just beat them to regurgitate? I would love, she's told me, to teach self-awareness and understanding uncertainty and focus on applied statistics and the critical appraisal of research. And the fact that there are nerves that extend to every aspect of the hand without having to name 50 nerves in the hand, you know, and regurgitate on the exam. I would love to have a modern day education. But I can't because the WMC dictates what we teach and we have to teach to a test in our test score pass rate. So is this terrible system? And it's connected to the American Board of Medical Specialties, which issues board certification. And recently, they've basically said, in order to keep your board certification, you got to pay us to $300 every two years or so and take a quiz, so we give you, and they're out there like making a ton of money off this new thing. Now they're telling hospitals, you have to require current board certification unless they've paid us or private company. They're not currently board certified. Imagine your college, do you see a staffer? No, Berkeley. Where'd you go to college? I went to Paul King, Canada. Okay, imagine your college college, you and said, hey, you're degree, you don't have it anymore. You got to pay us every year to keep your degree. That's exactly what the American Board of Medical Specialties is doing. They're private organizations, monopoly. My buddy Will was telling me at Oklahoma University's School of Medicine. I probably shouldn't say this, but what the heck? Eight hours on transgender sensitivity training, two hours on nutrition. The two hours on nutrition, he said, we're so pathetic, it might have been better to have zero hours. You know, HDL is good. And I was like the most basic. And I see this awareness among a generation of doctors and students that they know something is missing. That's in right to just be memorizing. There's smart people. That's why you've got a huge number of people. Doctors who are learning from you as you learn, tell you about evolving your position. You're out there learning, reading, talking to people. People are learning with you. And they're hungry for this kind of honesty with where medicine's going. Maybe we should be talking about more chronic diseases differently. Maybe we should be talking more about treating diabetes with cooking classes than just throwing insulin at people. Maybe we should talk about school lunch programs, not just putting kids on a zempit. Maybe we should talk about sleep medicine when we treat eye blood pressure, not just throwing anti-hypertensives at people. First line, second line, third line. Maybe we should talk about ice and physical therapy instead of just surgery and opioids when somebody comes in with pain. Food is medicine, the microbiome, general body inflammation. These are the topics that a generation of doctors aren't starving to talk about. We need more research in them. They want to think differently. But who would fund this research, Marty? I mean, I think when I talk about the pillars of medicine, right, we have nutrition and exercise and sleep and emotional health and then molecules. So let's roughly five things. And you could really add a sixth pillar which would be a waste bucket of everything else that may or may not have benefit. Like sauna, cold plunge, red light therapy, all that kind of stuff. Now, one of those buckets is really taught well in medical school. We really do learn. And by medical school, I mean medical school and residency, right? So you learn about procedures and medications very well. That's what we learned. And I think we do learn that quite well. But to your point, we learn nothing about exercise, sleep, nutrition, and emotional health and well-being. But part of that, if you're not trying to be, if you're trying to be as un-synical as possible, is at least when it comes to molecules and procedures, the way to study it is straightforward. The interventions are easy. You take this pillar, you don't take this pillar, you take the placebo. And then on top of that, there's a financial engine that supports the use of that which justifies the cost of the studies. But when it comes to doing research on many of these other things, outside of philanthropic and government causes, such as the NIH, it's very difficult to get any of that research funded. So how would we create a new medicine around something for which it would be so difficult to really gather the right evidence? Or would you argue, look, we already know enough today that we could teach off the current practice? The NIH could not be more broken. They've got these siloed funding centers as you suggested. And on, let's your research falls under kidney, you know, cardiovascular disease, and it's what the old Belt and Sospenders professors there want to fund. It's a legacy system where if the senior guys who've done the research and made a name for themselves on an idea like it, they throw money your way. I think the disruption is happening right now. Private industry, you're seeing private industry fund research on different probiotics and bacteria you can introduce. We're seeing private industry fund research. They funded our research on price gouging and predatory billing and other big blindspot and medicine. I do think a lot of our work is not funded by the NIH and people come up and say, my gosh, it makes sense what you're saying. Why don't we have a big study on natural immunity? And we could draw the blood of these people. I mean, how many studies have you put out there where you've said, this study needs to be done? It's not what falls in line with the NIH silos, but it needs to be done. The classic example, a practice right now that is surging in the United States is taking a newborn and cutting the frangulum under their tongue, either routinely or if it's a foreshortened tongue. Some people believe in routine and other people believe and only in foreshortened and other people believe never should be done. I don't know what the truth is. I've goodie and teeth friends. What is the rationale for doing this? The rationale, the claim, is that it'll improve breastfeeding and lactation rates, that it may help. There's claims out there that it may help with sleep, apnea, with speech impediments. I think they're outrageous claims when it goes that far. These are people who are also cutting the frangulum under the upper inside, lit, and sometimes the side of the tongue and the frangulum under the tongue as all. Yeah, so there's been babies that don't breastfeed because they're in pain from this. And this practice is taking off like crazy. It's driven a lot in dentistry. It's in that lactation world of lactation consultants could refer you to some, but this dogma that has never had any scientific evidence to support the claim. Now, I'm not saying it's being tested. No. I'm not saying it's bad or wrong, but I'm saying this desperately needs a randomized control trial. Desperately, just like the peanut allergy study, just like the antibiotic study, do it in a cohort of a couple hundred randomization, follow-um, take a look, five years, or whatever that study design is needed. Who's going to fund that study? Big pharma? No, fat chance. The NIH, not one of their clinical centers. The American Academy of Pediatrics, with their $1,000 year membership of all these $130 million in revenue they take in the year. No, no, they haven't. Possibly, no interest. This is the brimuda triangle of healthcare in the United States and worldwide. We desperately need to fund things where there are ideas, people are doing things, and they're doing them in a black hole with no scientific evidence. We need to do the appropriate study. We could answer the controversy in less than a year. I hate to mention COVID. We saw this during COVID. All those COVID controversies could have been answered in three weeks, or a month or two. They could have done the clinical study immediately, done the randomization answer the question. Instead, they have one went on TV and oh pine about it. It's easier. The NIH controls $80 billion. What are they funding? They were funding this cruel dog experiment at the University of Iowa, trapping these dogs and having these sandflies bite their heads in these cages and concluding in the article that is published, Leschbonius is from dog to dog via sandfly bites. Who gives a shit? Okay, this is where our tax dollars are going, and then we're not funding basic clinical research out there. Why do you think that is? I think it's just, I don't think it's diabolical, I think people can't set in their ways. I think it's Leon Festinger's cognitive distance. I think people think, oh, this would be interesting. Find out whether or not, what's the average diameter of stones on the substrate? Oh, be interesting. No, it's not interesting. I'm seeing it a lot now with health equity. I think describing disparities in health equity in my personal opinion is not interesting at all. We know there are massive disparities in health equity. Saying, oh, there's also a health disparity and chronic myloginous leukemia, according to health. That's not interesting. We've that's known. What's interesting is what you're doing to reduce disparities in health equity. And yet half of the papers now, and I go to these conferences are on differences and so and so by race and socioeconomic set, yeah, it's been known since the beginning of time, the number one driver of health status overall and the population is the socioeconomic status of that community. So I think it's just, I don't know, intellectual laziness, the old guard, there are fresh ideas in medicine. But when you show up in medicine and you've done this, you show up in the academic world as a resident or you get a peek of it as a student. You have big ideas. Hey, this thing about the microbiome and the rates of this and all fits and maybe chronic diseases have gone up with antibiotics. Whatever the big idea is, you're told no, no. You need to pick one narrow area and work on an incremental little scientific paper that'll go to the abstract of this, Southern surgical society or whatever it is. And that's how the NIH funds their research, little small ideas. We need big ideas. They don't fund that. We need new ideas on cancer. What's the ROI on our cancer funding? Paper at Ask Go showed that a vast end increased at Cleo Blastomas survival rates by two months. Well, patients want to know what's the cure? Did you cure anyone else that you haven't cured before? If that's the top paper at Ask Go our investment on research has a terrible ROI and I think it's because we're not funding big ideas. We need Ben Franklin thinkers. Ben Franklin intellectually curious starts thinking about ophthalmology, and then it's the events by-focals, is interested in electricity, events the lightning rod, events a stove called the Pennsylvania stove, which is an amazing invention. He's a size, it true scientists. We don't have Ben Franklin thinkers today in medicine. I think the NIPRESOT is one thing. If you don't have them or you think we don't have a vehicle to fund them. We don't have a vehicle to encourage them. I think, and I'm just saying this because I've said this to other people, you're one of those Ben Franklin type thinkers. You think broadly about healthcare. That's what we do on our research team is, you're told in MedSchool day one, hey, here's the netter textbook of anatomy, pick an organ. You're gonna have to focus on just one, which one do you like? Do you like kidney, do you like brain, heart, you have to pick one. You're like, well, what if I'm interested in the whole body or the system or the way we deliver care or the way we fund research or approve drugs or what if I'm interested in all of it? What if I'm interested in gun control and violence prevention and I'm interested in trauma and all everything? You're basically told, no, no, stop thinking like that. You got a pick an organ. I mean, I went to the gym as a medical student and there were some docs there where I'll see you's the gym and they would ask me every day. What are you going into again? And I want to be like, I'm a second year medical student I don't know, is that okay? I don't know. And I think you can get a specialization and then come around and get off the hamster wheel. There's a lot of these docs down saying, I don't care about my RVU bonus. I want to do something more meaningful and there's start in businesses. 50% of our medical students at Johns Hopkins are getting a second degree with their medical degree. They don't want to live the life that they see, with these guys who are like, I got four NIH grants and presented, and I got 60 papers. I mean, I hit that point where I was like, okay, I've published 300 scientific peer review articles. Nobody's reading them. I don't think I've made beyond maybe a couple meaningful contributions. Like, what are we doing? We've got a focus on impact. So everything we do now and our research group focuses on impact. And that's how we got into the science of medical errors, frailty as a condition, predatory billing and price gouging in medicine. You know, 62% of Americans say, and I've heard so right, they don't trust the medical profession to build them fairly and they avoid care or delay it for fear of the bill. So you can now have the cure for pancreas cancer, but that cure is only instead of being 100% effective, but it's only 38% effective because you've lost, you've lost that connection, right? So rebuilding trust is the hottest topic right now in medical journals essays.