So what about the person who's been lifting weights for a long time, they're in there, they're doing this stuff, but they're not happy with their progress. Right? So they're in the gym, let's just say they're in the gym three, four times a week, an hour at a time. How hard are they working? Are they really trying? Or are we saying that maybe they're trying maybe they're not? It's a very different answer. Yeah. Trying or something. Let's say they are. They're actually trying quite hard. And you actually look at them and you think, you know, gosh, they might actually be slightly over training. They might actually be, and by over training, I mean, not giving themselves, let's say they're training three days a week and they're doing a whole body three days a week, and they're in there 90 minutes at a time. And they're kind of going to one to two rep and reserve on every set and they're hitting kind of 20 to 30 sets per body part per workout. What would be your, and to be clear, like they're doing okay, but they're just saying, you know what, I want to be really jacked. Okay. Yeah. What do I need to do? Yeah. You would need to go down a checklist, a troubleshooting checklist. And we actually do have on the RP strength YouTube channel. We have multiple videos of how to troubleshoot your muscle growth, how to troubleshoot your diet, how to troubleshoot your recovery. So if you throw those on in the car during your drive to work, you're going to learn a lot about it. I'm sure we'll shoot. But you can consider yourself with variables that occur in the gym. You can consider yourself with variables that occur outside of the gym, both are very important. In the gym variables, starting from the beginning would be exercise selection. Sometimes people say, you know, my arms aren't as big as I want them to be. And I look at their plan and has no isolation work for their arms whatsoever. And I tell them this is not a surprise. And they say something like, well, I thought underhand pullups and close grip bench was good enough to get big arms. And I would say, yes, it is. Both of those exercises are great to get big arms, but you want bigger arms, which means like everybody, but whatever, you're going to have to start working a few sets of curls in and a few sets of pricepic extensions of some sort, regularly and hard. So a lot of times, people don't have the specific exercise selection for what it is they want. They're just doing the kind of general training you and I just describe, but there's sometimes that even honest to themselves in a deep introspective level of what it is they want. Like a lot of those people that want better results, you look at them and you're like, you look great. And like, yeah, but I want to look better and you go, how? Who I just want fucking gigantic arms? You go, okay, well, like you're work out, and absolutely not designed to do that. It's designed to get your arms that look big to someone who likes easy lifting your suitcase into an airplane, but other than that, like you're not the guards. And then you go, okay, exercise selection. Another variable to consider is technique. Some people have just not so great technique. Good technique involves putting the muscle into high force positions at a very deep stretch, long muscle lengths at a high force, so if you're doing peck flies, for example, but you're only going all the way down to like here, you need to open up like crazy and take a few seconds down there in the deep stretch. That's really going to help you out. And technique is so exercise specific and so individual that you really should get qualified trainer or someone you trust or videos on your own analysis to go, like, okay, am I really doing this right? Because you think I'm hacksquadding in the new C&RP strength video about hacksquads. You're like, I've never hacksquadded in my life. You try it all way and you're like, oh my god, my legs. For the first time in months or years, they get sore, they get tired and you're like, oh, wow, a couple weeks later, your quads are visibly bigger. Okay, now, fine life, fix my technique. Another question you have to ask is volume wise. I mean, I suppose you already said they're doing one or two reps and reserve, so we're not going to question that. We'll say it a training hard, which is good. That's another thing to ask if someone is going to get your results. It would be on the job. 100%. Yeah, like am I really pushing hard? How long? If I think I'm pushing hard enough, I should push a little harder and see what happens. So for intensity, you would say, if they're at least hitting two reps in reserve, you're okay with holding a low need to improve about that. But if you went in there and observed them at the end of their set, if you said, let me see you do a few more and they were constantly getting four more reps. So they're four reps in reserve. You would say the literature says you're not hitting an a truck behind-off training stimulus. Correct. This is a very important one. Very important. Because I think I think I talked about this once on Instagram. And if I didn't, I meant to and I just forgot to, which is equally like, like, more likely. So the point I wanted to make was, at least for me, it might be that I'm just not good enough. You don't know what two reps in reserve means until you go to failure. You have to fail many times to actually know how bad two reps in reserve is and one rep in reserve. Yeah. And they're not the same every workout. That's the other thing. Like you could have the same weight on their different days and you fail at a different number of reps. But you, there's like a signal of like there's a twitch, there's a, there's a discomfort that yes, you have to experience it. But you can't experience it until you blow past it. Would you have that? Yeah. That's largely true. So every now and then you have to test the waters. And it's actually a really good system of doing that. And it's incorporated into our RPI purtrophy app. The app will ask you to put in your weights roughly 10 to 20 reps. And you'll do as many reps as you think as three reps or four reps to failure depending on what it's wanting you to do. And you'll write your repetitions in for every single set. Well, I got 16 reps at 90 pounds on the sexual size. The next week, the app auto programs a progression for you. So it'll either ask you to do 17 reps at 90 pounds, something like that, or it'll ask you to do 95 pounds again, or 95 pounds a new for the 16 reps you did last time. It does that every single session. It pushes you a little bit ahead. Your only job is to do what is written. If you consistently do what is written. And at the end of your cycle before you have it one week of easy training called a deal load and you start a new cycle. If the end of your cycle, you never actually failed at a weight. Like you're trying to get 17, but you got 16, the 17 would move and you put the bar down and only crap. Hopefully nobody saw that. That never happens to you. You've never trained close to failure, but that's okay. The next time you program in your weights, and you do three reps in reserve for that first week, go a little harder than you think you should be or you typically did. And then at some point during the middle or end of that cycle, you will actually hit failure trying to get to those objective targets. Because here's a big problem with trying to estimate failure. If you go based on how hard something feels, it's kind of different like you said, you know, you had a tough day at work for a season-day at work. You ate well versus you didn't slap all versus you didn't. And it's all perceptual, which is nuts. It's kind of like not having a mirror, but asking someone to stand in front of you and help you put on makeup. Thanks for your input, but I need a friggin mirror because I don't know if you're just messing with me. I look like a clown. I put lipstick over here instead of on my lips who knows. But if you have a objective criteria, of this is what I did last week and I just want to go little bit beyond. It is inevitable that one of two things happen over the long term. One you will reach muscular failure and you will be unable to do a repetition. Or the others you'll get infinitely strong forever and now you're Superman. One of those is more realistic than the other. So when people say I don't know what's close to failure or not, my answer is very easy. Download the RPI per no-sight, wrong sales pitch, oops. Put some numbers on the board. And just buy a little two and a half or five pounds or one rep each week. Be those numbers. Week upon week commit yourself. I must hit 18 reps. That's the goal. If you can't do it success, you went to failure. Now you know where the limit is now you're building an intuition. But if you did get those numbers next week, you go higher and you go higher and you go higher. Versus if just like, oh I think I went hard. I don't know what that means. You could be very wrong and oftentimes are. Is it safe to say that if a person is already and by the way, we didn't we talked about what's sufficient for exercise selection, technique intensity. We didn't specify volume. What would be a red flag for you in that individual? If their volume sets per body part was below X, where would you say, well, it should be expected per week. Just I mean, if you're beginning a few sets. Yes, yes, but this is for this kind of interview. Yeah, below five or ten sets per week is not a sufficient effort to expect your best results. Between 10 and 20 sets per week is fine. But for many people, you have to use a second qualifier, which is what's actually happening to you. If you aren't getting super sore or super mega tired in your muscles for a day or two after training, if your strength continues to be stable or increases, session to session a session, and you're on that fewer than 20 worksets per muscle per week type of her muscle, not per body part. In other words, bicep would need to be 20 sets per week. Correct. Wow. Yeah. Then I think we have a pretty good explanation for what? But why somebody at this table, right? Small bicep? Yes. I'm not saying how dare you? Yeah. I take that offensively by the way. So then if all of the signs show that you're not actually excessively fatigued, your volume is either okay or less than it could be. If you're not getting great results visually, but you're always running into strength platoes. If you're always tired and sore, and if you're north of 20 sets per muscle per week, on average, hard sets, then probably doing less is good because you have almost every indicator of doing too much. And so you'll be able to intuit rather quickly if it's too little or too much. Those are most of the variables involved in the gym part except for one, and that is, one is the last time you took a break because there's a concept called accumulated fatigue or cumulative fatigue. Your muscles and the rest of your body recover very well between sessions, but not 100%, maybe 90 or 95. And if you're a mathematics fan, if you multiply 0.95 by 0.95 by 0.92 by 0.99 by 0.95 enough, you're down to 50% recovery within like six or eight weeks. And then how could you possibly be making gains? So every for the average person cranking away, probably the person listening to this podcast, one week out of every eight, one week every two months, don't go to the gym. Stay active, maybe do a bodyweight squad or a push-up or two, or your hotel room or something. Ideally, try going on vacation. If not, try to not exercise and be a little easier, work, be a little easier and family stuff, have some fun, cheat foods, eat a little more than usual, be a little less active. So that your body can recover in a way that it can never recover between sessions, but it gets a whole week to do this. And once a year, at least, take two whole weeks like that. We call that active rest. So the first thing, one week off is called a deal out. And the second thing off where you take two weeks in a row of basically just not even come into the gym. And if you do, you just do the slightest easiest stuff ever, takes 10 minutes. That reduces your systemic cumulative fatigue so much that it brings it back down to zero or almost zero. Because some people will say like 16 weeks have been cranking. The first 12 weeks, great results. Last four weeks, I don't know if I'm moving the needle. Well, maybe you're just really tired. And pushing the pedal down harder is usually not the best way to do things. It might be time for break. People come back and your muscles are resensitized to the stimulus. If you take time off. So when you come back, go back to two or three sets of everything, not four or five sets of everything. You're going to get really sore and really pumped from just a few sets. And you're going to be growing again. You do that for another six to eight weeks. You get tired again. Your strength starts to plateau. Take another week of easy training or no training at all. And that's how the cycle repeats itself. It's probably most of the stuff I would say about how to analyze your training inside the gym to get closer to your optimum. There's lots to say about external gym variables. But one thing I'll say really quick is this. Before I ever consult people nowadays about how to pursue incrementally more optimal outcomes for their muscle. People who want a gain muscle but are frustrated. They aren't jacked enough. Nowadays I always take time to find a reference frame of what have your gains been like. How much work have you been putting and how long you've been training? And to see if how did genetics play a role in this and how does age play a role in this? I've consultled with people before who are in their 60s weighing something like 150 pounds fairly lean. And they aspire to be in the low to mid 200s fairly lean. I told them that outside of an antabolic steroid cycle that's probably got an even chance of killing you as it doesn't getting eject. You're not going to get that jacked. And your progress rate is just going to be much slower than the 20 year olds at your gym. But sometimes we forget that age such a profound effect on our results. And we look around and as all young people I want to look like that will guess what? 1982 was a long time ago. So unless you have a time machine or age reversal, which I think is true. And do you think do it tribute this to the hypertrophy of type two fibers? Which are necessary for the power generation that's necessary for producing the gains we're talking about. That's definitely a component of another component is overall systemic ability to recover. You have so much DNA methylation and all this are the kind of damage and accretion of the wear and tear of age that your organelles and yourselves don't work as well as they used to. Your organs don't work as well as they used to. A lot of times you're taking for granted the fact that now in your mid 60s you run a top, you know, a top 500 corporation and you have more stress than most people can handle in a day, you have that in an hour. But back when you were making the gains of your life when you were 18, your job was to show up to school, go to the gym, eat at the cafeteria and smoke weed and that's all you did every day. Of course you have the gains of your life. People discount that. They also look to athletes and they go on my god like that bikini competitor. She looks amazing. I want that body. We'll check this out Linda. Your 56. You have three children. One of them is in college two or not. You are a CTO for major company and you sleep five hours a night. That bikini competitor trains a few clients. She posts on only fans and she does nothing else. But with them train, recover and watch Netflix and sleep nine hours a night of an uninterrupted sleep. It's too completely different worlds. She's also 27 by the way, strange times I know. But especially with social media there is nothing that surprises me anymore about how unmoored some people can be from realistic expectations.