How many folks find themselves in a situation where, and I say this because I definitely had a bit of this feeling myself, and I can't imagine I was alone where, there's almost a reluctance to get better because there's also a belief that, yeah, I get it, like my life's a bit messy right now, and I'm, you know, my response is spilling out into bad areas, but look at all the good, like, you know, I remember in particular one of the, one of the rants I went on was about how much good has come from my trauma. I think in telling my life story, it was virtually all good. It was, look at this good thing, and this good thing, and like, why, you know, I mean, we don't want to erase any of this stuff. And, and I, and I, and I, and I suspect you have a number of people who show up, and yes, there, there, you know, it sounds ridiculous because on the one hand, there's clearly a bunch of things that are not good, but there's sort of like, okay, but that's a, maybe that's a reasonable price to pay in exchange for all this other stuff. How, how do you, how do you help people think through that process and what the trade-offs are? Yeah, you, when you describe that scenario, it's like you, it was your fuel, right? And, I'm using the language of parts, when I, or a guards, I call them guards, these protective parts, these protective adaptive behaviors, and I've looked at many of folks in, in your example, would be, thank God you've got your ambition. Thank God you've got grit. Thank God you can get anger, and you've got a voice. Like, I don't believe I would have met you if you didn't. I'd say the same thing to somebody who was an alcoholic. Like, like, thank God you had that then. I don't think I would have met you. Would, should you not have had that, right? But now, you know, again, can we look at this thing and can we just at least look through the lens of, is it making life hard? An important thing for folks to remember going into, am I going to do the work, do I need to do the work, am I working on a part of me, is that these guards, these protective parts of self, we are not necessarily trying to retire them. And that's what happened, I think, to a lot of folks is that part of them, there's almost a fear of like, how do I exist? Does that mean that ambitious, at times, perfectionist Peter has to go away, right? Think of think of folks who go through life out of their woundiness that we might describe as they're always waiting for the other shoe to drop, right? I mean, I can think of clients, multiple clients who have said, it's not if it's going to drop, it's when and how loud, right? Like, so they are really good detailed, it's finding negativity, it's finding danger, it's finding, and they'd be a hell of a good person to have along on a walk in a bad side of town, right? Like, I'm sure if they were a building inspector, they'd be the best damn one out there. Okay? But can you not do that thing when you go home, and sit on your couch? Right? That's the spirit of, and back to the process and the vulnerability. The vulnerability can get brought up so many different ways. We keep talking about this group process that you experience. There's so many different ways, but the common denominator is the vulnerability is what triggers this protective side, this protective behavior to step in. And when that happens, we can work on it in real time, should that person be in at least consideration of doing something different?