Hi everyone. I'd like to introduce you to my friend Jesse Schwarzeman. Jesse's what I like to call the subantive movement. And you might say, well, why does that matter and why is Peter interested in that? Well, some of you know, my main interest is in longevity and longevity is really two things. It's lifespan, which means living longer and it's health span, which means living better. A super important part of living better is being able to move freely, move without pain, and carry out the activities of your daily life. And that can be anything from doing the sports that matter to you, to doing the chores of daily living. So what we'd like to do eventually is put together a series of these videos. They focus on all sorts of different aspects of maintaining the perfect body in terms of function, freedom from pain, and things like that. But today what we want to focus on is what I think Jesse would just describe as the foundational set of movements. This is what you would do if you're across bed athlete before you would sort of attack it. And this is what you might do if this is the only thing you're doing to get ready for the day. So it's broken down into three parts and Jesse's going to explain them to us. We're going to take you through three different phases of movement preparation. The first phase is going to be soft tissue where we're going to use the foam roller and different trigger point balls to mobilize the fascia, make it more elastic, and really take the brakes off of our body so it's prepared for the movements we're going to do. Second phase is going to be on the floor where we're going to activate those big muscles that we want to fire, not just for a workout but also for life while also counteracting technology and sitting and the grind of the day-to-day haveic that our modern day world causes us when we sit too much and we look at our smart technology too much. Then the third phase after our tissue feels great after we fire up those big movers, we're going to have some fun, jump around, move, guess what and do some movements that you can do every day as part of your routine to be ready to do whatever the day asks of you, whether it's picking the kids up, playing soccer, climbing the stairs, you'll be ready for it. I think one point that Jesse is always emphasized to me is any of these exercises can be done alone in isolation and there's value in that. But perhaps the most important thing I've learned from Jesse about this is the importance of the sequence. I'm not just moving from tissue prep all the way through dynamic but even within each of the three subsets, the order matters. Alright, so as we jump into this, the last thing I want to say is, pay just as much attention to what Jesse says as to what I do because part of Jesse's genius is being able to explain really subtle things that make the difference between you doing these movements so-so and doing them perfectly. Thank you.