So now we're going to go into phase two of our movement sequence. We've finished soft tissue, lymphatic system is going. Our tissue is elastic and we're ready to move. Now sequence matters here. There's a lot of great exercises but the key is doing them in the right order to get the right activation both in the brain and in the body. So the first thing I'm going to show you is a stretch that in my opinion, everybody that I see does incorrectly because they're trying to stretch their hips but in fact what happens is they end up yanking and stretching their lower back which already has enough stress in it. In sequencing reciprocal inhibition is very important. On all reciprocal inhibition means is that when the flexor is tight the extensor doesn't move very well. So we see a lot of people want to work with the glutes turn on the glutes but they can't do it because being seated so much that hip flexors always under tone. In this exercise I'll show you how to really specifically stretch that hip flexor around a stable core so that you're not stretching and cranking on your lower back but stretching and relaxing the muscle that's needed which is that flexion of the hip so you can actually much more easily strengthen and work the glute extension and get much more out of your bridges, your squats, your deadless when you're actually ready to stand up and move and lift. The first thing we do in a movement prep before anything else is make sure we stretch that hip flexor and quad so that we can activate that glute. So now I'm going to have Peter get into a half kneeling position and the key to this stretch is that we want to get that hip flexor insertion elongated. So I'm first going to show you the way you're not going to do it and probably the way you have been doing it which is by moving and arching your back because look at that amazing range of motion that Peter gets unfortunately most of that motion is coming from his lower back as his ribs are flaring out and he's opening his chest up okay so we're gonna make this motion extremely limited just to stretch this hip flexor and keep his spine and lower back stable here. So I'm going to ask Peter to do is pelvic tilt forward so if he had a belt buckle that belt buckle would lift up toward the sky here. Then I'm going to ask him to squeeze his glute as hard as he can and you can see he already feels a stretch just there where before he could go all the way out and now keeping that glute squeezed and the ribs in belt buckle up I'm going to have him move forward just a little bit and that's all he can go because now he's truly stretching the hip flexor and not his lower back which already gets enough work and enough force in it. He's gonna move back he's gonna remember to breathe do it again forward squeeze the glute belt buckle up he'll really feel that hip flexor cranking and stretching no stress at all on the lower back and this is gonna start to allow him to start to strengthen that glute. Now this is only one of the insertions of the hip flexor we also have to get the quad so now I'm going to show you how to get the quad involved to to get a complete stretch of that front line. Now that we've stretched the hip flexor on the floor we're gonna stand up and activate the quad and extension and stretch to make a complete stretch of that front line. So this is something you see people do after every run and again they're cranking on their back and flaring their ribs getting more stretch from the spine then they're actually getting from the quad and hip. So just as before I'm gonna have Peter first thing pelvic tilt forward if you imagine the belly button as almost a bowl full of water and the pelvis you want to tilt that bowl up toward the sky versus letting it drop down and spilling the contents of that bowl. So I'm gonna have him tilt his belly button up now immediately even in this position he'll start to feel a stretch and with that tilted belly button he'll start to pull that leg back behind him really keeping those ribs in and get in a nice stretch through the knee and through the quad right here and into that hip insertion. Great way to stretch your hips and quads really easy to do have to make sure to maintain that pelvic tilt the whole time. Now that we've relaxed the hip flexor and the quad yourself we're gonna get on the floor and start to activate the gluteus and gluteus. Now that the hip flexors relax we're gonna activate the gluteus medius the knees best friend. So the knee basically listens to what the gluteus medius tells it to do. If this muscle is turned on and firing it'll prevent that knee valgus that internal rotation of the knee and help your leg line up a lot better when you're running doing your plyometrics even just walking down the street. Now we're gonna set up Peter for success but to activate his gluteus medius by basically position his body in the right rotation and making sure it's long enough so the lower back doesn't kick in and the hip flexor. So what I'll have Peter do is rotate a little bit internally to make sure that that hip flexor doesn't fire up. Have this leg out a little bit interior for a basis of four. Here's the key. I want Peter to extend his leg behind him without popping his ribs out maintaining that pelvic tilt we just talked about belly button up. Internally rotate the foot to make sure that glute meets in position to fire and have him stay in this plane lift that leg up and down pushing this hip as long as possible out that way so as to not flex in the obliques. So now he's going as high as he possibly can but not getting false movement from that lower back and he's really really focused on feeling that back glute meat here not getting any TFL activation no hip flexor activation after you finish this your hips will feel like a million bucks. You will feel like you're literally swimming in your hips in a different way because the hip flexor will be able to basically relax and the glute meat can do its job and stabilize your knee. Perfect. Just up and down you want to do this one really till you start to see some shaking here. He knows all right he's shaking really honestly for most people you're talking between 20 to 40 reps really controlled here. So now we're going to activate the gluteus maximus and the gluteus medius together and actually a much more functional move than the last move which was just to activate the gluteus medius. So we're going to do a single bridge here. I'm going to ask Peter to move his feet in a little bit if they're too far out it puts a lot of stress in the hand string so you just want enough to just barely slide your hand under your calf and your thigh here. We're going to lift the foot here create a right angle and I'm going to have Peter bridge as high as he can pushing with that left hip up and the beauty of this which activates the medius is we're going to externally rotate the hip out and back in bridge back down. Come up again squeezing the butt driving you can see he's maintaining a nice pelvic tilt again rotating out and in and down and up. Notice how Peter isn't dropping his hip so if you imagine a level here nothing spills to the side it's a smaller movement than you think most people do this way too big focus on doing about at least eight to 15 reps as a start. Now that we've mobilized the hips we've activated the glutes we're going to activate the core because the glutes in the core work in synchronicity to protect the lower back. My favorite exercise if you're going to pick one core exercise to brace your core to be ready to lift weights to run to move in life would be something called the dead bug and there's lots of different tools you can use for the dead bug I prefer a Swiss ball although you can use a yoga block too but the concept is that you're putting pressure between your lower body and your upper body to make your abs turn on and then moving limbs around that braised core. So I'm going to have Peter lift his legs here at a right angle push his arms straight into the ball and he's going to create pressure resistance here by pushing his hands into his knees. He's going to automatically feel his core turn on a lot of times people say oh I don't feel my core it's because you're not really giving it a challenge to react to and a strong core does not just flex up and down with crunches it's stable around moving parts so that's what we're teaching it to do here. The only way you can do this exercise wrong is if you go too far and you start to arch your back again our ribs are in as in all exercises and we're pushing that lower back into the floor. Now I'm going to have Peter make sure to breathe deep breath through his stomach you don't have to tension your abs this is doing the job for you and he's going to reach Contra lateral limbs his right arm and left leg and sink extending and coming back. Peter has nice open shoulders so he can do the full range of motion if you're a little limited you might get a rib pop here if you try to reach too far so just go as far as you can keep that pressure of the lower back on the ground the more you do this you're going to feel this bottom out almost into your lower abdomen again don't tense breathe pop this Swiss ball activate your core. Now we're going to show you an amazing core activator and lower back stabilizer which is called stir the pot we'll have Peter get into a front plank on the ball he's going to make sure to align his cervical spine in a perfect extension here not overextending the neck or flexing it and his scapula because Peter is a freak is a little bit winged here so I'm going to have him push his scapula the other way forward to take out a little bit of that wing right there now this is an anti rotation exercise so I'm going to have Peter circle to the right not tilting his hips circle to the left again not rotating and then move back and forth with his elbows challenging the extension control of his spine right here we see Peter's legs nice and wide here if you want to make this more challenging you can bring your feet in a little bit this is definitely the advanced version right here amazing core activator works all quadrants of the spining core this is how you build a stable lumbar spine and ab complex