What has changed so much in the last 30 years that has created this epidemic? And everybody has their favorite pet theory for what it is. It's the sugar, it's the carbs, it's the plastics, it's the video games, it's the internet, it's the whatever. Perhaps suggesting that it's many, many things. What is your best explanation for what's going on? I would say all of the above process foods, chlorically dense foods lack of exercise or critical. But these are, I would say, the stimuli that has done something. That's changed the no circuitry in the brain. So yes, there's a stimulus and because now you've been over subscribed to these stimuli, that's now initiated a process in the brain, which is going to be a self-fulfilling process. This is something that I'm very interested in, Dr. Peter Fox and I at the Health Science Center. If you go through the literature and we've published on this as well, in the areas of the brain, they control food intake. And I'm not talking about the hypothalamus. That kind of regulates your basal energy intake. What you need to be, keep your BMI of 25, do what you do during the day. But what is it that makes you a BMI go to 35? That's all related to the hedonic areas in the brain. The putin, the amygdala, the prefrontal cortex, et cetera. And then when you do structural MRI, what you can show is that those areas in the brain, the gray matter is shrunk down. And if you now map the neurosurgery, which Peter Fox has been involved with, you can see that this clear disruption using functional MRI of the neurosurgery in the brain. We have a particular interest in defining where this function occurs. And we have some ideas which I'm not going to go into, but how we might be able to sort of reprogram the brain. And sort of in concert with this, these are not I'm data, but these are data that are published in the literature. And I think I mentioned this earlier. If you do an insulin clamp, okay, I told you that in URI, your brain doesn't respond by taking up glucose, but in people who are obese, actually almost impropositional to how obese you are in these areas and in the brain, the hedonic areas, there's a marked increase in, it's called Florida deoxy glucose, which is the pet railway step trace we use in these areas. And that correlates inversely with the muscle insulin resistance. The more insulin resistant they are in the muscle, the more FDG glucose. I'll take there is in the brain. Now this is very interesting because what it's saying, there's a connection that somehow or another, we believe that the brain is talking to the muscle, or the muscle is talking to the brain, and that that somehow or other, the brain is playing a very important role in the development of the insulin resistance and that in large part that this deranged neurosurgery, which is related to food intake, is now making you ORI. And as you ORI, then all of the things that we know that we've studied, that other people have studied, that go with lipo toxicity, you put fat in the muscle urine, some resistant, you put fat in the lip you got national, what people have totally overlooked, you put fat in the kidney disease, you put fat in the heart. Yeah, yeah. So you've been in San Antonio since the late 80s. When did you really start to notice this was a problem at least in your community? Almost instantly, tangiously, because I've run the Texas, even in kids, even in kids. And it was very clear. We can't blame video games, we can't blame social media because that wasn't going on in the late 80s. So I never saw fat kids at Yale. I was on the faculty from 75 to 88. And I kind of thought back now, I would say New Haven's not a large Hispanic, but it's more African-American. But I don't remember seeing 12 Euro kids with type 2 diabetes. And when I came here, and I remember this very distinctly, they're saying, oh, you're crazy. You can't, you don't think kids with type 2 diabetes. Believe me, I see it. And what did your colleagues at San Antonio tell you, as far as when they started to notice that in the Hispanic kids? I think they just, I don't know that I can give you a specific time that they told me except they knew it. But so, okay, what about in non-Hispanic kids? Because if the Hispanic kids are genetically predisposed, then the question becomes, when did you begin to see this in African-American kids and Caucasian kids? Yeah, so we don't have a large African-American population here. But like in Philadelphia, there's a lady, so we're, so we're our slaveyan, she sees the same thing. And she sees, I think it's a significant African-American population. So I think that in certain ethnic minorities, where the genes for diabetes are enriched, that those are the populations that are predisposed. And do you think this is mostly an energy balance issue and therefore it's mostly a food environment issue? No, I think it's both. So I told you, I'd come back to the genetics study that we did. We wanted to know what is the earliest defect that you can see in people who are going to develop type 2 diabetes. So we said, okay, in the Hispanic community it's very common to see mom and dad with diabetes. And it's very common to see a lot of children in these families. So we said, why don't we go look at the children? And let's see if we can define because they're at high risk. Yeah. And if you have mom and dad with diabetes, you probably have a 78% chance if you're Hispanic. If you're born in that family developing diabetes. It was very easy to find the children. The problem was we couldn't find lean children. So it took us a while because if you're obese, then you got the lipo toxicity. So we finally found them. This is a JCI paper I believe. And so we did insulin clamp. There is resistant is there parats. They have normal glucose tolerance. Well, because the insulin levels are astronomical. And then we do a muscle count. How high just for understanding? Oh, they're like two times normal. Even higher sometimes. We do a muscle biopsy. The same defect in the insulin signaling pathway. How many of the tyrosine kinase defects do they have? They have starts at IRS one. Insulin bind to the receptor is okay. Just like their parents. The ability to activate these insulin signaling pathway, the level of the IRS one, it's already well established. Which enzyme in particular? It starts at the level of IRS one. Sure, it's at the first one. Yeah. Also it's not just one enzyme. Well, it no, it's IRS one. You can't tyrosine phosphorylated. You cannot activate P.R. Okay. So it starts at IRS one. Yeah. And then the other thing, JCI and I have both done this in somewhat different ways. So Jari, I'm talking about Jari Schultm, he uses anMR by looking phosphate derivatives. Even though I believe the primary defect is in the signaling pathway, there's clearly severe impairments in glucose transport and phosphorylation. His work would suggest that the primary defect is at the level of glucose transport. We developed a novel triple tracer technique using three isotopes infused into the break-ill artery. We believe that the primary defect is at the level of hexokinase and phosphorylating glucose. So we kind of agreed to disagree because we can't do this study. And we'd have to do the MRI study at the same time we're doing the triple tracer technique. In addition to the insulin signaling defect, there's a severe defect in glucose transport and phosphorylation. Once let's just make sure people understand this is we're kind of getting into some biochemistry here. Yeah. When glucose enters the cell, passively through the transgloat. It gets pre glucose in the cell. Yes. Then to metabolize it. Yep. The first step to that is hexokinase, which takes a phosphate off ATP and puts it on the six position if we're not mistaken. It's a specific type of hexokinase that's hexokinase do. Yeah. Because there's a different one in the muscle and the liver, correct? And that is correct. So, Gerry would say the primary defect is in glute for the transporter. Yes. I would say yes. That is severely impaired. But even more severe. What does remind me what Gerry believes is wrong with the glute for transporter? That it doesn't work normally. I thought it worked fine. It's just not getting the signal to work because of IRS one. That's what the controversy is. How, how do when you have a severe, we are the first to show this defect in muscle. But with the only people I think they're showing this in human muscle, it's been shown in rats, et cetera. To me, metabolism and rats and mice, this is all people data. So, you're saying, it's possible that just having the IRS one problem is enough. It's also possible that even if IRS one is functioning reasonably, if glute for is not getting up. And that's the problem. And there is evidence to support that. And then it's also possible that even if all those things work, if you don't get hexachinase to phosphorylate glucose, you back up the whole system. And I can show you this is a primary defect. In pyruvate dehydrogenase in in glutech and synthase. This comes back. I have an ominous octet for the insulin resistance. Okay. This is why people don't understand. Look, there are eight organ sort of things that are a problem. There are eight problems I can show you within the muscle. Why you think one drug is going to correct all these problems? We need drugs that work on the beta cell. We need insulin sensitizes. We probably need different types of insulin sensitizing drugs. We need drugs that reverse the lipo toxicity. And you know, what we ever have a single magic bullet that corrects all of these? You know, probably not. I think until we discover the genetic basis. And remember, I said the diabetes is a heterogeneous disease. And I did in diabetes metabolism reviews. I would say 30 years ago, I wrote a review article that said, I can put a defect in the muscle in reproduce diabetes. I can put a defect in the liver and reproduce diabetes. I can put a defect in the fat cell and reproduce diabetes. I can put a defect in the beta cell and reproduce diabetes. And I went back and read that and I said, I can put a defect that starts in the brain and reproduce diabetes. So we see some of the they wouldn't see of eight or nine. All these defects we've been talking about. They're already there. So you put that defect in the fat cell. They can look lean. And there's a syndrome called Alzheimer's syndrome. There's a specific defect. And this is white adipose. There's this Phil Cher will love me for saying this. He's the top guru and Adipose, I'm up in Dallas. It's also from syndrome. There's a specific defect in the glucose transporter in white adipose tissue. You know what happens? You become diabetic. You know what happens? You know what happens? You get nash. So here's a defect that I said like 30 years ago. I just postulated and said, here's a syndrome. And not only that, now that they define this in people in this paper, they then went to the animal model and they knocked out the gene that's causing the defect. And they reproduce diabetes in normal rat model. That was modeled.