Tell folks what the blood brain barrier is. I think it's obviously going to be an important part of this discussion, and not everybody might understand what it is or why it's so important. So the blood brain barrier, and this is again, I am not a neuroscientist. I'm just, I am a scientist, but I have an interest in this. And so I've done a lot of reading in this field. The blood brain barrier serves a couple of functions. I mean, one is it is providing, it's, there's a combination of different cell types, then make up the blood brain barrier, and a lot of vascular church, right? And so blood flow, things are brought to the blood brain barrier, and oxygen glucose, other nutrients, and they are transported across the blood brain barrier. But it also, as the word implies, barrier provides a barrier to things that you don't want to get into your brain. So we don't want blood cells getting into our brain. We don't want a variety of other molecules, proteins that are floating around in our circulation to get into our brain. And so when the blood brain barrier begins to break down, and it's kind of a, people, I think, are a lot more familiar with when the barrier that got barrier starts to break down, I think it's a sort of become more of a common theme that people are focused on gut health. And so you'll hear the word, mostly you hear the word leaky gut. I don't really like that term. I think it's intestinal permeability. But the tight junctions, these proteins that are holding endothelial cells together in the gut, when those open up, you get that term, you know, leaky gut, or as it really should be called intestinal permeability. Well, in the brain, you also have endothelial cells, and you have tight junctions. And when those tight junctions also break apart, and we can talk about like what's, you know, at the root of that, that leads to permeability of the blood brain barrier. And therefore, two things happen, you know, one, you are allowing them things from circulation to get into the brain, cause which, you know, wreaks havoc on the brain and sort of leads this vicious cycle of neuro-inflammation, inflammation in the brain. But also, you're disrupting the transport of important nutrients, oxygen, you know, glucose. I mean, blood flow is disrupted to the brain as well. So the blood brain barrier and maintaining that integrity is very important. And both apoi for and tight junyabetes lead to permeability of that. And so with tight junyabetes, you know, people have hypoglycemia, right? They have elevated blood glucose levels. And that over time, leads to advanced glycation and products. These are basically like the cross, they cross-link proteins and, you know, a variety of other things that, you know, in the vasculature. And that basically damages the blood brain barrier and leads to permeability. Um, apoi for it's a, you know, there's a variety of other mechanisms that happen. But essentially, you can measure the permeability of the blood brain barrier, looking at a variety of biomarkers and proteins in cerebells, spinal fluid, but also in plasma. And these have been shown by a doctor's love of it, doctor, montane to occur. I mean, it's like decades before the onset of, you know, cognitive impairment. And it's literally, you can find it in more than 50% of all dementia. So it's, and it's happening independent of, of amoloid accumulation, towel tangles as well. So it's, you know, either something that's happening before, well before. And in fact, blood brain barrier permeability is also, um, the blood brain barrier is essential for removing toxic compounds from the brain. And, um, a variety of different processes, you know, happen to allow this to occur. So, um, for example, you, you activate the eclinophatic system during sleep, right? And a lot of people aware of this. You brain sort of swells during sleep. And the glyphatic system is pushing this reable spinal fluid through the brain, clearing out debris, um, amoloid plaques, you know, things like that. Well, that doesn't, you need the blood brain barrier to be intact, because you want to, to occur. Yeah. So I mean, that makes sense. That basically, if you have blood brain barrier permeability happening, that you would start to have the accumulation of amoloid. So it's sort of like, um, and accumulation of amoloid. I never thought of that by the way, Rhonda. That's that I'd never thought of what you just said, which is if your blood brain barrier can't hold the back pressure, which is what would be the case. If it were permeable, you would not have the back pressure to maintain the glimphatic flow that never actually occurred to me so you said that. So very interesting, mechanistic tie to that problem. Right. And there's also like the other types of, and I'm not familiar with all the types of ways of brain. Like there's other like parent chemins, stuff that are like, you know, cleaning out the brain, all of those things are not happening as good when your blood brain barrier, you know, is dysfunctional, right? And then another point is the ability of things to interrupt and get into the brain that shouldn't. So one of the things, you know, everybody learns in pharmacology or medical school is that there are certain drugs that penetrate the blood brain barrier. There are certain drugs that do not. The implication being certain molecules can pass through certain molecules cannot. Well, presumably the leekier that barrier is the more things that maybe we evolved to not have across that barrier do indeed cross. And perhaps that's a part of what you've just said, right, which is this increase in inflammation that is now coupled with an inability or a decreased ability to clear out debris. Exactly. In fact, so work from Dr. Montaine has shown that five brinagin, which is UNI, are familiar with this protein. It's something, if you are measuring, you're doing an inflammatory biomarker panel, right? I mean, so that's, it's a protein that's involved in blood coagulation, but it's also something that is a marker of inflammation, you know? And phybrinagin is not supposed to be in the brain, but it's found in the brain in people with a leaky blood-brain barrier. And not only, so what's it doing in there, it disrupts a cell type called oligodendrocytes. These are a cell type that make myelin, that sort of fatty white structure that's important for electric signals being fired throughout the, you know, brain. And it's basically toxic to them. So you basically start to have these, you know, lesions and stuff in the white matter, part of the brain, white matter, hyperintensity, as you're probably very familiar with, a very common in small vessel disease. Also, you can see that in people with Alzheimer's as well. But, you know, getting that phybrinagin in the brain, like that, that's happening because it's allowed to get in there. And that, you know, so, so the permeability of the blood-brain barrier, again, like as you mentioned, you know, basically preventing stuff from getting in your brain, that you don't want in there. That's number one. But also the transport, I think you also alluded to this, you're not getting things like glucose into the brain. And in fact, all these transporters, they're in the endothelial cells. They're in these cells that are making up the blood-brain barrier. And when you start to disrupt that blood-brain barrier, those transporters, like, are dysfunctional. You know, so your, for example, one of them is the glut-one transporter, this transports glucose, into the brain. As you start to get a disruption in blood-brain barrier, function, glucose transporters, they go down. And so you're talking about, like, not getting enough glucose into the brain, which is, again, that's one of the, you know, pathological features of Alzheimer's disease, right? Not getting enough glucose into the brain.