You've always spent a lot of time with people in, um, by definition, the final stage of their life. What, what have you learned? What have you learned that changes the way you live your life or the way you want to live your life? Well, I could say something, you know, there's, you can't huge beautiful question, just Peter, but one is, and maybe this is some really freer audience. I think we all would love to, you know, I think many of us would say we'd love to be fearless and learn to go into our death, unaffraid or, um, live a life so conscious that we have no regrets. I like to kind of just, and my patients have taught me to kind of undo those strangles holds a little bit. It's more of the truth that I've learned from folks at the end is more like have a change your relationship to fear, your relationship to regret. The mark of living with no regrets, yeah, there might be an, there may be something for you in that, but I'm not sure how, if you're being really honest with you yourself, how possible that is. So it's not necessarily, it's, it, the lesson has something to do with coming around to accepting everything that's in you, including the gnarly stuff like regret and fear and even suffering. Are there certain regrets that people have shared with you more, more often than others? Well, invariably, or a bit invariably, but they all, the common thread, depending on sort of, whether it's I regret working to my choreograph, you know, didn't spend this, I didn't tell my kids, I love them, the sort of the standard, regret menu. What they all seem to have in common is they regret not letting themselves feel or not letting themselves be true to the, what they actually felt, something got in their shame or something else, wedged in themselves and separated themselves from themselves or separated themselves from other people they love. And the regret has something to do about artificially or accidentally putting a wedge between you and anything. You know, like, you could have been, spent a lifetime running from fear, but if you've watched a lot of people come around to, when they finally got the cue that fear was just a natural part of being in a body, like they became okay with fear, they took away that sort of secondary shaming of fear. And then then fear became this, it was sort of right size to them and it was defanged and I've seen that play out a lot and the same with regret. You know, so it's, I think the commonality back to your question is something to do with not being quite true to themselves or not allowing, trying to keep something out of their experience and all the work they did and when they come to realize that it's all got to go anyway, you kind of welcome even pain to feel anything is kind of wild and magical. Do people need to be really close to the end to typically come to that near inevitable realization? Or is that something people are realizing six months out where they can do something about it, where they still have all their faculties and they can still, you know, mend a bridge or, um, a mend a relationship? Yeah, absolutely. It can happen anytime. Kids, back to kids, they're doing, you know, they're not gumbing their own works up. They can do that pretty. And so, yes, we can do this. We can learn to do this. It's one of the reasons why we would invite this subject into our daily lives. If you look out to window, death and life are happening all the time you see it on your windshield, you see it's like this is, it's all over the place. If you can sort of really be aware or let these messages in, then you can let the lessons in too towards reconciliation or why hold a grudge. Why, be on any, why would you ever cause suffering in another person knowingly or in yourself included, et cetera? So yeah, and Buddhism is sort of a lot sort of founded around this question and to give you a life of practice around meditation, how do you hold your mind so that you don't suffer unnecessarily so that you can be okay with the fact of your death? So yeah, there are bodies of scholarship, bodies of thought and just your own personal experience of living daily life. If you let it in, you can gain these lessons anytime along the way of life. Yeah, I mean, I don't, you know, if I think about my own learning, like you, you can't, I don't think really hang out in this space a lot and not really wrestle with the reality that we don't know when we're going to die, which means that this is my life. I mean, I think that's, I've got two young kids so regular, I'm like, okay, this is my life, this is my life, just as like a management strategy. But I think there's also like a a a tethered reality that like this moment is what I have. Right? It is not, it may start to sound trait, but it is not tomorrow. It's not promised to me. Ten years is not promised to me. And if thought is true, can I use that as this reminder that like this moment, the way that I speak to you, being tender when I do things out of my value system, right? Sting really connected to now, right? Is the invitation that comes from, or comes next to our has come for me in being so aware of mortality, right? And that, you do not have to be sick. You do not have to be facing that in real life. No one in your life has to be dying right now to be really, to just take pause and be like, this is my life. This moment and then the next, do I remember that all the time? Absolutely not, but it is a very available reminder. Practice. Yeah. I stay, I intentionally stay connected to it. I intentionally make it something my kids can be connected to because it's an arguable. We can have three different takes on everything that we've said today, but it is in arguable that we are always living in the reality that we don't know when we're going to die. Yeah. Amen, sister. And I think that's a good back to sort of the do's and don'ts. Do have a relationship with all, with mystery, with not knowing. Do have a relationship with the present moment. You know, those are some pretty good do's. I don't want to, what I'm saying is not like light or easy. It doesn't make me not afraid. It doesn't make me, you know, I feel very aware of how much I want to be alive and how long I hope my life is. And also humbled by the fact that like what I have influence over in control over really in arguably is right now. And I hear you're not being ashamed of your fear and that's a difference. I do a lot of people would be afraid and then what they're really experiencing is the shame of being fearful. I'm very terrified every time I get on a plane. Yeah. So I think also sort of debatailing to is this word control comes up. Yeah. It's a big one. And I think in terms of if we're, you know, remotely dispense any advice, you know, it would be, you know, the frenety prayer. It comes up a lot one way or another. I think a lot of your listeners will know this, you know, essentially sort of the ability to discern what you can control and focus some efforts there and let go of all the things you can't control. And maybe in the middle identify that even though there are some huge things we can't control, there is a lot we can influence. And those are different and that there's like kind of the spets spectrum between control influence and like, you know, surrender. And how do we build our flexibility? Well, and how do you learn to sit with? I think that message of the Trinity prayer often I hear people myself included in the past, but some friends take that that wisdom of that message and say, okay, I'm just going to focus my attention on what I can control. Sorry, send like, and then they have a lifetime of sort of focusing their line of sight in one direction. I think what we let go of as the other half of that message, which is, not, don't give it shit about it because you can't control it. Like, learn, sit with all that you can't control practice, not being in control. That will serve you very well as you had to your death. What, what about the role of forgiveness? How often do you encounter the dying who are wrestling with needing the forgiveness of someone or needing to forgive someone? It's a big theme. It's written about a fair amount that I love, you know, the things to kind of focus on. I'm saying out loud, I love you. I forgive you. Please forgive me. These are, thank you. Thank you. These are, and there's, you know, these are tried and true messages that seem to cut a cost culture and stand up pretty well. But so back to your specific question about forgiveness, I don't know how to often. I guess I would say more commonly what I see people needing to learn how to do is forgive themselves. It's probably, you know, picking something and sort of common. That one comes, I see that a lot. How does it present? How do you encounter it? Being at odds with themselves? You know, when there is no buggy man, there is no, they're just not comfortable with themselves. They're at odds with themselves, self-loathing, self-critical, even in the final weeks of life. Some, if they've had enough, you know, we have a bias, there's a bias. All the people we've seen have had the benefit of hospice and balance. But if Karen, so they've been loved on, they've been heard. They've been, you know, so there's an inborn bias to our experiences. I don't know if I have like a good answer about the forgiveness piece. I think, I think it comes up. I don't know that I think it comes up a lot, a lot. Yeah. Again, I think that might be the bias of people that you've spent time with over time. Those things have gotten to. They're not a death. There's no need for a death bed. I mean, there's not a lot of trueisms in this piece that I generally vibe with and I'm pretty allergic to most of them. But I will say that I do think there's kind of something to like people die the way that they live. Right? Like, for most people, those who lived in love die surrounded by love kind of thing. Yeah, that or like, if you had a lot of people around you, maybe there's going to be more people around you. If you're a person that dug into your life and really investigated your mind and you did that relationally and you shared your reflections and like that's also more likely to happen when you're dying. Right? So if there's an experience you would like to happen if you're imagining into the future, you're like, I think dying in this way would be okay or more tolerable or nice or beautiful. Start doing it now. Like, you want to forget, like, you're worried about forgiveness, like, investigate that now. You want to feel more connected. How do you do that? You want to be in your body more? How do you do that? Right? Like, that's the best way to get there at the end. Is that you're building those muscles now? I mean, some people do one 80s with with a big diagnosis or the awareness that they're dying, but mostly we lean on the places that we have hyperdeveloped. Because they're comforting, because they're familiar in the face of this kind of vast thing. I mean, that might be the single most important insight of them all, which is we die how we lived and we will, what's the expression? We rise to the level of our training. It's something that affects right? And it's in sports. We talk about that. Right? At fatigue, you rise to the level of your training. And so we will default to our regular strategies. The strategies that got us through life are probably the strategies that will get us through death. And so what we should all be doing is imagining the death we want and begin practicing that at life and make that our scaffolding today. I think it's about as good as advice as I can imagine. Especially if you fill in the caveat that long the way I learn to deal with things when they don't go as planned, you know, again. So that you don't have this sense of failure at the end. I mean, one of the saddest things I think we see is people who feel like they're failing at dying. So we don't want to set it up as an accomplishment, per se, or an achievement per se. But your advice sounds really good to me. Right? Like we can't control for the outcome with certainty. But we can build the muscles and the capacities that that are most likely going, there are going to help us land in that place. You know, if you're a person who builds new coping skills or new ways of being in high stress adversity, like you'll probably do that, then. Right? Yeah, that's all right. It feels like a throwaway line. When do we begin dying? I mean, you don't become a different person when you're dying. You're still going to be Peter. You're going to be a bridge. I'm going to be a DJ. And that, you know, so has already begun. That active dying we never finished answering that question. What goes in that? Like the final day or two when the body is really shutting down. So active dying has its own kind of frame and we can revisit that any other time. But everything up to that is some form of living. So you can begin practicing this dying thing today. I'm Peter at you. This podcast relies exclusively on premium subscribers for support, which allows us to provide all our content without taking a single penny from advertisers. I believe this keeps my content honest, making it a trusted resource for listeners like you. As a premium member, you'll get immediate access to our entire back catalog of AMA episodes and all future AMA episodes. You'll get longevity, focused premium articles packed with actionable insights. You'll get unrivaled show notes for each and every episode of the drive, every topic, every study, every resource from each episode carefully curated for you. You'll get quarterly podcast summaries where you'll learn my biggest personal takeaways from the previous 90 days of expert guest episodes and much more. This journey doesn't have to be navigated alone. We can take these steps towards a better, longer life together. Become a premium member today. A Peter atiamed.com forward slash subscribe to join me in a shared commitment to a healthier future.