Let's start a little bit with the biology of the aging face. And again, we're going to limit our discussion today to the neck up, not that there isn't other things that are completely relevant around cosmetics, but that's just a big enough topic. I told you that when I looked at myself 10 years ago, I couldn't believe how much better I looked. But I'd have a hard time telling you why. Like, I can't put my finger on it, but I bet you can without me showing you those pictures. Why did I look better at 42 than 52? That's such a great question. And that's exactly how my patients come in. A lot of times they'll come in and they'll say, I feel like I looked tired. I don't know exactly what's going on, but I feel like I looked tired. And I have these beautiful diagrams in my office, and I show them the face of someone who's 20. The face of someone who's in their late 60s, and I walk them through the changes. And the first thing I do is we show them the diagram with the skin peeled off. And you see about 11 different fat compartments in the youthful face that on each side of the face, that are plump, they're robust, they're giving volume, and they're giving a padding between the skin and the muscle and the underlying bones. And then you look at someone who's in their late 60s, and you peel the skin away, and you see a dramatic atrophy in all those fat pads. A few might increase in size, but the vast majority undergo atrophy. And then in addition to that, I show them what the bones are doing at that age too. So we look at the bone evolved over 20 year old, and the opening around the eyes are nice and tight, the cheek bones are nice and wide, the jawline has a really good definition. And then you look at someone who's in their 60s, and all of a sudden the opening around the eyes are wider. Really? The cheek bones are less wide, jaw bones are less wide, less height. And so now you've got the scaffolding that's diminished, and all the skin looks like it's just hanging. And that's what's happening, but it starts early. So what I see on most of my patients when they come in and say, I look tired and you said it, you look at your pictures ten years ago, you look now and you don't know what's different. The first change is around the eyes, and I'm sure it can add to that. But basically what's happening is you're getting more bone loss around the eyes, more fat atrophy around the eyes, so you're starting to see the underlying anatomy, which was padded before. So first of all, this is completely news to me. Is this loss of bone comparable to what we would see in the reduction of bone density in a person's hips as they age? So a lot of it is hormonal. A lot of it is hormonal, and you see it, especially in women, if they start to see the aging changes, they'll start to identify that in their early forties. So this in other words is probably another reason why women would benefit from hormone replacement therapy, because maintaining estrogen levels would maintain bone health. Absolutely, and actually that's something we need to stress more and more to them, because it starts in their early forties. And then it just accentuates over time. But by 10th and 50, all of a sudden, now, if we're looking at them cross-sectionally, a group of 50-year-olds compared to guides were 50, the men are holding up pretty good. Their facial bone structures good, their fat volume's good, their muscle thickness, and skin thickness is good. But from 50 to 60 or 70, women will age about 20 years faster than men in the lower face, especially. They will get so much atrophy in the mandible, that they'll start to get that, that's why women start to see it. Hate my neck, hate the loose skin and my neck. And if then, because if the mandibles retracting, the neck becomes looser. Yes. Again, this is remarkable because if you bringing it back to the one thing I know about bone, it's when you look at men and women aging from a skeletal system, they're both going through a comparable decline, starting in their 20s, because we both peak both men and women peak in the early 20s. But at about 50, women fall off a cliff, whereas men just continue a linear decline. And so the gap really widens, interesting to realize that the exact same thing is happening in the face. That's exactly it. And that's why women come in the first things they say when they're 50s, I hate my neck. And I think we jump to try to surgically correct it or to augment it with fillers or neuromodulators to keep the muscle from pulling it down. But I think we have to have a talk about hormone replacement. You have to catch those women before they're far along into menopause. Again, I'm blown away by that fact. If I could hop in for a second, I love the direction of this conversation, because I don't know if people realize how much science there is about the aging process. There were some seminal studies by Rorek and Pessa in the 90s and 2000s. It kind of delineated a lot of what Susan's talking about, where they looked at CT scans of similar and at the same individual over time. I think some of those studies had a 50 to 20 year span, and there was quantitative calculations of bone density and bone projection of the mandible, the maxilla, the frontal bone, and these bone structures all received with aging. And the bone is the foundation for the face. And so when we're talking about youthful fullness of a face, a lot of that is the bone structure. And then, as Susan said, of course, the fact compartments are a critical component of our facial aesthetics. And as we lose all that volume, the reason why people start to look more skeletal as we age. One of the most common areas that I see in my practice is people talking about their under eye bags, and their lines that are showing up in their eyelids and their cheek area. It's because we have ligaments that attach the skin down to the bone. It's called the osteocutaneous ligament, it's a network of the face. And those ligaments are the same for every single individual no matter what your ethnicity is. Of course, there's variations on the theme, but the orbital retaining ligament, the male are ligament, the temporal ligament, the mandible are ligament, the mass that are ligament. These ligaments are always present, and then as we lose that facial volume from fat atrophy, and the bones move backwards, these ligaments are tugging on the skin, and these deep lines start to show up. And that's really, I would say one of the fundamental changes we see with aging of the face. What I guess I don't understand is the following. Again, I'm just going to use myself as the example, because I think I'm probably reflective of many people. Ten years ago, I was less fat than I am today. Same body weight, by the way. I almost to the pound, I'm the same as I was 10 years ago, but I would bet my body fat was two or three percent lower. In other words, I have accumulated fat in my body. Why am I losing fat in my face? What is it about facial subcutaneous fat depose that atrophies when virtually every person, the opposite is happening when they age, they're actually adding at a post tissue, subcutaneously, and unfortunately, often viscerally. So if I may answer that one, it's interesting because I talk a lot to my patients about that. Now, the vast majority of my patients are female. So they'll come in and they'll see me, and I can look at their face, let's say they're under late 30s, early 40s, and I can guess how many kids they've had. Because what happens is you gain weight in pregnancy, it doesn't have to even be a lot, but then most people, if they're fit, they lose that post pregnancy weight. I've had none, by the way, just in case you were wondering. That's good to know. And they lose that post pregnancy weight, and what happens is they go back to being in the same weight that they were before they got pregnant, but they're face is thinner. Second, baby, more or so, by the third baby, it takes a significant toll on the face, that weight gain weight loss. So you can tell looking at a female face, almost how many times they've gone through that weight gain weight loss. So what happens, the facial fat pads are very unique metabolically. Like I mentioned, most of the time they're just atriffing as we age. There are a couple of compartments that might in time get thicker, such as the nasal labial fat compartment, which is why some people have that deep fold. But for the most part, they atriffy. And so if you go through this yo-yo change with your weight, and you're progressively getting thinner and again and some weight back, it doesn't go to the face. It goes to parts of the body we don't want, but the face continues to undergo that weight loss or the volume atriffy. But do we know biologically, because it's almost like a lipid dystrophy, where the fat cell becomes defective and can't reaccumulate triglyceride or whatever it is, whatever form it's going to store it in. I think this is a edge of like so many things in medicine. There are things that we know and a lot that we don't know. So we know that it's happening, we don't actually know the biochemical mechanism. I think we're just starting to understand the individual receptors and specific nature of different areas of fat. So for example, even in the eyelid region, when we're doing surgery on the face, and we're doing surgery on the upper eyelid, we will see that the fat pads have different colors. So the medial orbital fat pad is lighter substantially compared to the much yellower and more orange lateral fat pad, and that color will be different than the buckle fat pad. And one of the differences, there's beta-carantine differences in the fat pads, and that's probably just one of maybe a hundred that we'll eventually find out is contributing to the differences in the fat population. We know that facial fat is different from abdominal fat, which is different from lower extremity fat. And we know this also practically speaking because when we're doing fat grafting procedures, the source of the fat can have a different long-term effect when it's injected into the face, depending on what the source was. So we know that fat is not the same throughout the body, and it's not the same in the face. There is a general consensus that beta-carantine is an anti-inflammatory mediator, and higher concentrations, and lower concentrations of beta-carantine can have some effect on the metabolic health and fat, especially how it responds to stress. And so in the world of longevity, there's a lot of discussions about managing cortisol levels, like sleep is helpful, having lifestyles that reduce your overall stress level is good for your overall health and numerous ways. That's also true for the fat and the skin of the face, because again, a lot of this is not fully explained, but we're starting to get more and more details as basic science progresses in this area, that these fat compartments and the skin, which we can talk more about, is exclusive to the sensitive, to stress that the body is experiencing cumulatively over time. So, you know, a lot of times people feel like they're really aging in their 40s. You know, people have midlife crisis, they're crises, they're probably experiencing the maximum stress in their life at that stage, typically, and I'm just generalizing here, but, you know, people will have a busy career, they've got kids, they've got financial worries, and so people are under a lot of stress in their 30s and 40s, and that contributes to some of the more rapid facial volume loss changes, some of the skin aging changes with elasticity, collagen, and last-and-change is at a curve of time. And so, that's where I think that, you know, this conversation really plugs in quite well into the line of, you know, education that you're providing your followers in terms of longevity benefits, because it overlaps here with cortisol stress and inflammation. And what's interesting is that chronic elevation of cortisol in the body is actually anabolic to fat, right? You accumulate fat, it's catabolic to muscle, muscle decays, fat accumulates. It sounds like you're saying, okay, that's true from the neck down, but above the neck, chronic elevation of cortisol might have the opposite effect. It might actually be catabolic to fat, and therefore it accentuates the fat loss. Is that am I hearing you correctly in that? Yes, I believe that's correct. And just yesterday in my clinic, I had a perfect example of this. I had patients back to back. One was 68-year-old, she was a six-year-old woman who has lived a very comfortable life. She comes from affluence, hasn't really had to work too hard in her life, and has maintained things, of course, she's just skincare products. And, you know, she's had a little bit of filters in Botox, but no surgery, and she looked 10 years younger than her state of age, because of the kind of life she's been living. And then the next patient I saw was from rural Texas, has been in the sun, has never been taken care of her skin, you know, was working a kind of a blue-collar job, difficult life, a couple of marriages failed. She looked like she was 10 years older, and this is common. I'm sure you see this all the time as well, Susan. So lifestyle stress factors clearly have an effect. And one of the reasons why Peter perhaps this is not an area that you've kind of delved into in your vast experience in medicine is because the quality of science and aesthetics has historically been pretty poor. You're giving me way too much credit. I wish I could say that. I have delved into plenty of things where the science is poor. There is some other mental block I have. It might be that I'm not smart enough to understand it all, but we'll continue and I appreciate your. And another reason why becomes very murky to sort through the science, and I'm sure this exists in other areas of medicine too, but a lot of the individuals, corporations, you know, factors, forces that are delivering science to the masses and to physicians who are eating it up and you know, regurgitating it to their patients. These sources are questionable. They're they're equipped with a profiting, you know, as you, I'm sure realize the aesthetic industry is a very, very lucrative industry worldwide, especially in the United States. And all the forces that are delivering the science, I'm sorry, not I shouldn't say all the forces. There's a lot of forces where those that are delivering the science have a vested interest in receiving monetary benefit from what they're pushing out. That makes things murky. But I think going back to the fact compartments, think about it with our patients in general, you know, the role of the fact compartments in the face are to allow muscle glide. So the muscles can move over each other when you smile, talk, eat, chew, all of that. And now you don't understand why they should undergo such atrophy over time for such an important function. But then we look at the metabolic activity of the fat and other areas of the body and it's very different. So when we do fat grafting, for example, and we take fat from the abdomen, which has the highest concentration stem cells, you know, preadipicites there, and put them in the face, the fat starts to be a more like the fat from the abdomen when you put it in the face. And if they gain weight, it retains its source. Yes. And then when they gain weight, you have to tell your patients specifically, don't try to gain more than a few pounds, because it will hypertrophy like it would in the abdomen if they gained weight. I'm Peter Atia. This podcast relies exclusively on premium subscribers for support, which allows us to provide all our content without taking a single penny from advertisers. I believe this keeps my content honest, making it a trusted resource for listeners like you. As a premium member, you'll get immediate access to our entire back catalog of AMA episodes and all future AMA episodes. You'll get longevity, focused premium articles packed with actionable insights. You'll get unrivaled show notes for each and every episode of the drive, every topic, every study, every resource from each episode, and carefully curated for you. You'll get quarterly podcast summaries where you'll learn my biggest personal takeaways from the previous 90 days of expert guest episodes and much more. This journey doesn't have to be navigated alone. We can take these steps towards a better, longer life together. Become a premium member today at PeterAtiaMD.com forward slash subscribe to join me in a shared commitment to a healthier future. Thank you.