By the way, one of the reasons they actually went from the Asperger, syndrome, PDD, NOS, autistic disorder. They decided to call it all, because I was actually quite controversial when they actually decided to put all three of those things under one umbrella called autism spectrum. Was because clinicians did a really poor job of deciding which names did you were in? Which bucket you were in? So you would have it child. And one clinician would call it asperger syndrome, and another person would call it autistic disorder, another person would call the PDD NOS. So they decided, okay, rather than having these three names, let's put it all under autism spectrum. So then they put under autism spectrum, but then they have level one level two level three. But I would argue, I would still say that clinicians still struggle sometimes where there is a little bit of overlap. It's not always. Now, if you go back to DSM4, when, as you mentioned, physicians are struggling to know which of these buckets to put them into. As an outsider looking in, Mike first question is, does it matter in terms of treatment and resources? Does it matter more in terms of outcomes and support? Like there must be a reason why people cared about that. In other words, if you had a child in your 2000, who one clinician said, this kid has asked burgers syndrome, and other person said, no, they're autistic, was that going to make a material difference in the type of support that they got, and most importantly, the type of person they were going to turn into. Like, were they going to reach their full potential under differential capacity? Great question. So it did make a difference. So with respect to resources. So children with Aspergus syndrome, frequently did not get support or support covered. I see, okay. You needed autistic disorder to get support. And what about PDDNOS? Wait, it's about good. Yeah, people didn't know what to do with that. Got it. So you didn't even know what to do with that. So if by putting everything under autism, then it's like, okay, if you have autism, you should receive services. It was a tool to understand and get resources. Now, we have level one, level two, level three. Now, level one is it says requires support. Level two is require substantial support. Level three is require very substantial support. My concern is that, again, when a child is level one, they don't always get the support they need. Because they have so many strengths. So kids in level one have frequently, they have good cognitive skills. They have a lot of language skills. They struggle with some social skills. And they may have difficulties with executive functioning and coping skills at times. But again, it's considered mild and a lot of those kids don't get support. And I think that's unfortunate because they also are the kids that respond to intervention so well if they get a little coaching on how do you cope with distress? How do you cope with change? How do you practice some social skills? Not that they have to change. We don't need to change everything about them, but giving them a little bit of support about how to, again, be adaptive in a community, giving that support goes a long way in that group. But frequently, they don't get the support because they're called level one. You'll be understand the natural history of those kids back in the 70s and 80s, right? So back in the 70s and 80s when you and I were kids, nobody thought anything of those kids, right? They weren't going to, but certainly we're going to get labeled with autism. They certainly weren't going to show up with in-school programs to help them with their social skills and with their communication skills. As you point it out, they're intellectually not impaired, so it's not like they're going to struggle in school, but there's clearly something that they're struggling with. Right. I don't know if we, I mean, obviously it hasn't been studied, but I'm very curious based on your experience and your judgment, like are those people that just went on to pick careers where they didn't have to interact with people, but they could still do challenging cognitive work. How did those people, what was the natural history of them? They're clearly a lot of them. There are, there are a lot of them. And I think they did, they found a path that made sense to them. They obviously learned what their strengths were, and their strengths may have been around memory, detail oriented, following rules that are black and white. They may have had really wonderful cognitive skills in certain areas that were less around inferring and social skills and more concrete. And yeah, we don't have studies to say this for sure, but my guess is they have lived happy, successful lives, a lot of them, some of them. Doing things that they enjoy doing or passionate about. They probably have found ways to not engage in large social settings, but there's a lot of careers out there that are a good match, and they also have relationships and marriages. So to emphasize that, people with autism get married. Yeah. I think it's, I mean, I just think there's zero chance that there aren't thousands, if not tens of thousands of these people listening to us right now. Right, because they're adults today, and I wonder if they're listening to some of this and they're saying this resonates like I get that. And when I was a kid, I was hyper-focused on this stuff. I wasn't interested in a whole bunch of stuff. Yeah. It was a little harder for me to interact with other kids and things like that, and yet I found my path and here I am today. Yeah, so I talked to parents all the time about this because I evaluate children, I evaluate children for autism or ADHD, and very often when I'm evaluating the child, at some point, while I develop this relationship with the family, the parents say, gosh, so much of my child is in me. As you are described in my child, my child's strengths and challenges, and I see me, and this is exactly what I went through when I was young. And then they share how hard it was, and they say gosh, I never like, no one understood me or I felt bad because I was misunderstood or I thought it was my fault, and I didn't try hard enough. So I have to say it can be validating for an adult. She learned that it wasn't their fault, and this is part of their wiring. I have many, many parents who asked me, like should I go get a session now? Should I go say? We, I never say yes or no, I ask questions. I think information is power. I think it's good for them to be thinking about it, whether or not they go on to actually get assessed, a lot of them don't necessarily, but the autism piece, often they don't, with the ADHD piece, they often do, because they realize actually their ADHD traits are impacting their function, it's a success of their job. So sometimes they will actually go to a psychiatrist to get an assessment, but I do share with them the genetics, and the family history. So what do I say? I validate. I say yes, you're sharing, you're telling me that growing up, you had many traits that today, we would classify under one of these diagnoses, you're right, and it is possible because these things do run in families, and there is a highly genetic component. And I think sometimes just that conversation can be therapeutic itself in that someone feeling validated, and they have that aha moment, like, okay, this explains a lot, and then they can feel good as well, because they're like, okay, this explains a lot, and I've gone on, and I currently have my family, and I'm doing well in many parts of my life, but it helps them also understand, like, but now I understand why, sometimes I do have these challenges at work, or with my spouse. It's interesting, just sometimes having a perspective where now you can see your challenges through a different lens, sometimes helps a person, just actually now think about, okay, now I can adjust or understand the triggers, or think about, can reflect, to think about how do I wanna respond the next time? So I think again, that information's empowering, even if they don't ever go to therapy or do anything else, just actually starting to become informed about it, can help. Yeah, and I would imagine it helps them a lot with their child, because they're seeing both, hey, my child has this diagnosis that now partially explains, the challenges we might be having, et cetera, but at the same time, because I can empathize with that child if I've experienced it, it makes you better parent now. Do you, so everything you said makes a great case for widening the diagnostic envelope, because if we go back 40 years, we had this narrow, narrow envelope, and in other words, we had a test that had very, very high specificity, but very low sensitivity. You were missing a lot of people, but you didn't get any false positives. That's for sure, right? And you didn't over-pathologize. When someone was autistic, they were really autistic. Now, today we have the opposite problem, right? So we have a high sensitivity, low specificity test, sort of, I'm gonna get mad up, but you know, just to bring it to cancer diagnostics for people. So now, anybody who's autistic should get diagnosed, but then we're, you know, we're stretching what that means. And a lot of the people getting diagnosed today, frankly, maybe without any support would go on to do just fine. Do you worry that when the DSM6 comes out, it could have a wider envelope, and we could start to get to a point where someone might say, hey, are we over-patholic, over pathologizing this? Yes. And are we getting to a point where, well, what does normal even mean anymore? Oh, I agree with that so much. So I actually asked that question all the time. So I do wonder, like, we every time a child has a few of these traits, we have to give a name to it all the time. It's an interesting debate, and you will have your whole different perspectives. I mean, the name gives us a way to get resources and help people. And, but I also concerned that we, you know, we have to give everything a name. I actually wonder in the next DSM, whether, whether we'll tend to take it a step back, like the, whether the pendulum will swing a little bit. And when does that do? I don't know. What was the gap between three and four and four and five? So, you often, like, 15 years? I was like a couple decades, so. So it could be another decade. It could really be another decade. The decade, it can be. So, but level one, we were type of level one autism. So I'm going to tell you level one autism. Kid, the kids in that bucket might actually be part of several different diagnostic buckets. So, children who are identified with level one autism, one clinician, they see one clinician, that person may diagnose autism. They see a second clinician, that person may diagnose ADHD plus anxiety. They don't even call it autism. So, I see this all the time in my clinic. I have kids who come to clinic and they we see, you know, three other clinicians before they saw me. Really great clinicians. High standards, experts, but there's a lot of blurry lines with the level one autism. And you will hear different diagnoses. So back to your thoughts around like future DSM's, I wonder how we're going to address level one autism and whether all the kids, is it the same condition? Is that like how many different conditions are in the bucket? Um, see, to me, the way I would think about that is, I would hope that by the time we have to make that decision, we would have enough data. And the data would ask the most important question, which is how are we impacting outcomes, right? In other words, when we widen the diagnostic envelope and you know, said that, you know, we're going to now have this ASD class one in here. That opened the door for more resources, right? That, man, more kids had programs at school. What's it, what's it, what's it, IEP? IEP, more kids have IEPs at school. What is that, what does that say for individual education plan? Education plan. And at the end of the day, what we want to know is, are those kids doing better? And if the answer is yes, then it's probably worth keeping, right? If the answer is, that didn't make a darn bit of difference. Yeah. Then all we did was create a bunch of anxiety for the parents. And maybe it didn't. Now again, I don't know how one goes about answering that, but I would hope that somebody a lot smarter than me is thinking about it through that lens because we can't lose sight of the whole purpose of this. Like the purpose of the diagnosis in anywhere in medicine should be to impact an outcome. A diagnosis for the sake of a diagnosis is not a particularly valuable tool, unless you're an epidemiologist, but even there, it should be all in the spirit of how are we making people better. Yeah, I agree. And that's why again, I agree that the kids in level one should be receiving services. Yeah. Otherwise, what's the point of giving the diagnosis? Yeah. So they should be receiving service as well. And if we need to call it something by a different name, who cares as long as it gets the service that makes them better off than they would have been, had they received no service.