Well, let's talk about that final thing. What is that last 24 to 48 hours look like? So the phrase we use is active dying to distinguish it from the rest of living dying. And a body is actively shutting down. So system by system, you'll stop your kidneys, or shut down, you're not making as much urine in part because you stop drinking probably a few days because days ago, because your body couldn't handle the fluids. So, and thanks to kidney shutting down, you get a buildup of toxic metabolites and get a little intoxicated, little dreamy, that may be the course, so that may be the mechanism of your delirium. So you're not eating, you're not drinking as a general rule. You're probably a little fuzzy or entirely asleep, breathing. So some of the two biggies, those can happen anywhere along the way, but the ones that tell you you're really close are when you have modeling of the skin, that's sort of a lacy, bluish experience where your body's just not moving blood effectively. And you'll see skin changes, and especially the extremities. And breathing patterns change. Oftentimes you get apnea, so long periods of no breath at all. You know, often here is something that's, sort of like a frightful phrase, but the death rattle, so which often is sort of a gurgling sound with breathing, that's just because your oral pharynx is no longer, the reflexes are dying out, so you're no longer moving fluids as they pull in the back ear throat, which is an important note there. If your reflexes are no longer functioning, you're not likely feeling it. So a death rattle sounds pretty gnarly, but it's generally probably harder for the audience than the person dying. But those are the things that are typically experienced in a body that's actively dying. That's only in the last a matter of days. But most hours to a day or two. I think the other thing that's happening is the experience for the people around that person, right? And there's so much to say in that space, but I do think having, you know, counsel a lot of people, there is a feeling of preciousness, right? We don't know when that last breath is going to come. We, you know, maybe we really want to be there, maybe we feel like we can't, but often for someone watching and waiting, it can be really hard to stay connected to our own experience. So like, people won't get up and go to the bathroom because they don't want to miss that moment. They won't eat, they don't eat, maybe their appetite is low anyways, which is fine. But it is a time to be thinking about really basic needs and basic comforts for everyone in the space. Because that influence is the space in the environment for all and most people feel like this is the dying person's experience. This is like all of the focus is there. We're watching every respiration. We're even matching the breathing. We're creating anxiety in our own bodies because of that. And if we can invite attention to everyone's experience and give permission to like, you need to take a walk, go take a walk. It may mean that they die when you're not in the room. And maybe that's okay. Maybe they die in the one minute you're going to the bathroom for the first time in six hours. Like it may just be that way. That's a really, really important point. Sort of like, once you understand delirium and you can contextualize what you're hearing from a loved one, that point rigid. So it's pointing to such an important one. A lot of loving families keep these vigils and don't sleep, don't do anything so that they can be there for the death thinking that that's the most, that's the highest line. That's what it means to be there when someone dies and that exact moment when they take their last breath. And so to bridge its point, this is a lived experience for everyone. So you gotta keep doing, you have to sleep, you have to, yes. And I don't think anybody's gonna tell you why this is, but it is just a thing. You talked to anyone who worked in hospice for a while. It seems to be that a lot of people need to be alone for the final moments on the planet to really let go. And so it's almost, it's like, I can't tell you why. But it is a thing. So you going to the bathroom or taking a walk or something. Maybe the exact thing that that person needs to finally let go. So the messages don't leave and therefore the person will never let go. You just potentially can make it harder and harder for that person to actually finally let go. So go to the bathroom, take a walk, kiss the person, give a bite on her, drink some water and know that not only they may, they may be gone when you come back, but that may be exactly what they needed to finally let go. I'm Peter Atia. This podcast relies exclusively on premium subscribers for support, which allows us to provide all our content without taking a single penny from advertisers. I believe this keeps my content honest, making it a trusted resource for listeners like you. As a premium member, you'll get immediate access to our entire back catalog of AMA episodes and all future AMA episodes. You'll get longevity, focused premium articles, packed with actionable insights. You'll get unrivaled show notes for each and every episode of the drive, every topic, every study, every resource from each episode carefully curated for you. You'll get quarterly podcast summaries where you'll learn my biggest personal takeaways from the previous 90 days of expert guest episodes and much more. This journey doesn't have to be navigated alone. We can take these steps towards a better, longer life together. Become a premium member today, at PeterAtiaMD.com forward slash subscribe to join me in a shared commitment to a healthier future.