is there a frequency of ejaculation that is too much that if a guy is say ejaculating every single day, is that insufficient to get a complete replenishment where if he's having infertility, you would say you got to move it to every other day or whatever the number is. So that's a great extrapolation of the pot of the pot of soup idea. And so on that note, I would say typically we recommend every two days of abstinence between the SX every other day to optimize. But not for the semen analysis, that's for conception. Okay. Because depends on what you are in your biology, but most men need a day or two to refill to recharge completely a day or two. So that's why we do that, that's why we recommend that. That's sort of a generalization, some men are fine every day. Okay. I had a guy once who had to bank sperm for hepatitis treatment. And he was like, Mickey Rork, and he had a one leg and he was about 50. And I said, you're going to need to abstain for a couple of three days to do this semen analysis so we could stamp I want it to be optimized when he looked at his partner. And he goes, and she looked at me and she goes, and he grabs, he grabs him and says, you can't do that. He's every day, you can't do that. I'm always going to do. So he was panicking. He had to hold off for a day. It was like, I was like, I said, I have sex. He said twice a day every day. Like, look, so that was great. Then I had one man, wonderful orthopedic surgeon at Stanford. And I asked him, on my questionnaire, I said, how often do you have sex? And he wrote, 0.00, 0.155.6. He divided once a year. Well, 0.00 weekly. Well, 0.155, I was like, you know, obligatural number, right? Which many was so frustrated that it was a beautiful way to say that. It was 0.00, 0.355. Yeah. So anyway, the, yeah. So that's, so there for a semen analysis for diagnostics for infertility, when you, when you abstain longer your sperm count will rise, but your motility will fall because it's older. So there's a, you know, there's a, there's a max curve that you're optimizing for, which you would say is three days would be about right. When you're not going to gain that much, you're not going to lose that much motility. After that, it starts going, so there's sort of biological variability, which we try to minimize when we do the semen analysis. So two to four days of abstinence, that's a different period than what we're recommending for sex, which is every other day. And that's based on knowing the journal paper where you looked at, they looked at, I think, 700 couples and they had them keep diaries. They was a Boston based paper, keep diaries of how they had sex when they got regulated and when they got pregnant. And then they said, do what you don't really do and then give us the diaries. And then they evaluated them and they found that having sex, say, ovulation is day 15 of the cycle. When they started having sex on 9, 11, 13, there were significant pregnancy rates. And every other day was the optimal interval. But even five days before and three days before, there were substantial pregnancy rates before ovulation. But if you waited to ovulation and then had sex, that's about 20% of conception. So when you get the kit, don't react to it, predict in front of it. So front load the sex. Very important point. And why is that? Is that because does a reservoir effect in this uterus? It's managed sperm survival for a day or two? So an end-on distress. If ovulation is day 15, how could a day 11 sperm survive four days? That's, it's nurtured once it's passed the vagina. But how many of them are surviving? Is it literally the lone wolf or is it the last hundred? Maybe some of this sperm bind to the oviduct and wait. Where is it remind me where the oviduct is? The uterus and then the philloping tubes and that's the oviduct and the oviduct is right below the blood. That's the total percentage of the oviduct. They bind to the endophilium and just park. There's no egg. They'll just sit there and they'll just walk. So again, going back to our moon analogy, this is after you've done stage one, stage two, stage three. You're now out of gravity, right? Like it's actually not an energetic problem anymore. Right? Or not, right? That's right. You've escaped the hostile environment. In this case of ground. So now it's fun place. It's the right pH. It's warm. So do we have a sense? This would be a very interesting experiment of what is the longest duration that a sperm could survive for conception. In other words, to do the experiment, let's just make it as a thought experiment. You had a large number of women that you knew were going to ovulate on day 15. And then you would have them, you know, have intercourse on day seven, eight, nine, ten. And you create a histoplot or a distribution of what's the frequency of pregnancy across those things. And kind of ask like what's the bottom fifth percentile, which is the theoretical possibility. That's a good one. And then the same thing after, right? You want to develop the value curve of the whole thing. But we know that once the egg is ovulated about eight hours, and then it's over. This is not very important point. It really needs to be front. If it's only eight hours of survival, this is after ovulation, but eight hours instead, if it's not, this is a very, very left-tail curve. Correct. I did not know that. I don't want to sperm there ahead of time. So 80% of conception is naturally her at home. A curve when sex is front loaded as opposed to reacting to ovulation. And most of the apps that are available nowadays will tell you them. Peter, you're drawing a graph. I am. I have to draw. And it looks like it's algebraic. This is incredible. Okay. Yeah, just this is, it's easier for me to think about these things graphically. And to think that it basically shuts off at about eight hours. So I give some, some more physiology. I, there was a study that should how long it took to make a sperm. And it was published in science, I think, in the 60s. And they gave men, uh, trudyated water, they gave men, yeah. They gave men radioactive hydrogen. Trudyated water. Yeah. And then they biopsy their testicles, which would never be done nowadays. But I did it all different. I gave duet rated water with a, with a group at Berkeley. And we gave healthy men, uh, durated water for a week. And, and then we checked with the first, sorry, dumb question. Why didn't they just measure the ejaculate? Why did they have to biopsy this, the testicles? Why did they just want to know about us from out of Genesis? But we didn't. We about the testicles. We wanted to torture the guys. But they weren't, I don't know. What, that's wild. But that was the best data. And we did do derated water, which is not radioactive. And we could measure that. So we gave them a dose. And then we watched their ejaculate weekly. Yep. And we looked for when they were rated, the hydrogen showed up in the DNA. And it was an average of 74 days. So no, almost three months to make a sperm. So someone were 42 days. And that's making that's going to the epididum is and getting ejaculated. So that's, you know, some, so we talked about maybe two months in the testist and two weeks, a week or two in the epididum is and then maybe a couple of weeks to ejaculate. And this was all the average 74 days. So actually, it changed the timeline enormously to a much faster one. That. So 74 days. So when you do anything to a man for utility wise, you, you're not going to expect to see anything change for at least two and a half months. And when you talk about full replacement of that semen, it's probably, it's probably in the being 90 days. When it's all replaced, the pot is replaced. Yep. So that's a limitation of what we do because 42 are all women want now. And we have three to six months. When I did a study on fixing varicocials, which is an infertility problem in men, it's surgery. And I looked at the mean time to conception. It was about seven months after repair, which is two cycles of sperm production. I'm Peter Ratea. This podcast relies exclusively on premium subscribers for support, which allows us to provide all our content without taking a single penny from advertisers. I believe this keeps my content honest, making it a trusted resource for listeners like you. As a premium member, you'll get immediate access to our entire back catalog of AMA episodes and all future AMA episodes. You'll get longevity, focused, premium articles packed with actionable insights. You'll get unrivaled show notes for each and every episode of the drive, every topic, every study, every resource from each episode, carefully curated for you. You'll get quarterly podcast summaries where you'll learn my biggest personal takeaways from the previous 90 days of expert guest episodes and much more. This journey doesn't have to be navigated alone. We can take these steps towards a better, longer life together. Become a premium member today at Peter RateaMD.com forward slash subscribe to join me in a shared commitment to a healthier future.