So the CDC said in the year 2001 in roughly 200 kids, 150 to 200 kids had autism. Now of course that's pre this change of the DSM5. So we can only take that to mean that those were the kids in that bucket of more extreme autism that did not include the PDD, NOS, was that what the other one was called. Yeah. And asked burgers. But if you look at the data up until prior to that change, the last year prior to a change in 2012, it was down from one in 150 to one in 69. So in other words, there was something that was increasing the prevalence or diagnosis by about a factor of two. Then we get the change in the DSM. And today we're at one in 36. So it begs the question, what is it that is driving the increase in the prevalence of ASD, not withstanding that there has also been a larger bucket included in a larger net cast around it? Yeah, that's a great question. I can't believe it's one of 36. Because I've been doing this for 25 years, I can never keep track of the numbers. Every time I went to every time I go to an annual meeting, the number changes. Yeah. And it is 1 in 36. Well, again, it was with the CDC said in 2020. So I'm going to go with whatever numbers you take. I'll believe your numbers more than mine. The point being that the numbers have changed drastically. And yes, people will say part of it is because the definitions change, there's more awareness, there's more resources, there's more clinicians making the diagnosis. But people in the field believe that those changes don't explain the drastic changes in the numbers. And there has to be something else involved. And there is a lot of research in this area looking at the impact of the environment and epigenetics. And what roles those two things have in increasing the rate of autism in our population? So if you're at a dinner party and you get cornered and everybody wants to talk about this, how are you walking people through this? What are you saying? Let's put the diagnostic criteria aside. Let's put the keys under the lamp post aside, meaning wherever there's more attention, you're going to see more things. What are some of the environmental things that you think could be amplifying this? Yeah. There is thoughts around pollution, maternal infection, prolonged fever, gene pregnancy, the health of the placenta, stress, parental age. There is a lot of environmental factors that have been implicated. Just to take a step back first, then just kind of talk about the cause of autism, the genetics and the environmental piece. So just to make it really clear, the word autism describes a constellation of symptoms. There are many, many causes for autism. There isn't a single cause. What causes autism is very complex and we actually have more questions than answers. It's felt though that it is like a 10-hit model, meaning like, and we don't know that the number's 10, but the idea that there's multiple things. It's not a two-hit model. It's not a two-hit model. There's many factors involved. And it's almost felt like it's gene gene environment environment environment. And then now it's like epigenetics, epigenetics, epigenetics. And so it's multiple hits. And the order of the hits and the timing of the hits are also felt to be very important. And this is a prenatal prenatal prenatal. So let's start with the genetic piece. So we've had a number of folks on the podcast over time. So the listeners are probably familiar with what we mean by the heritability of something. But maybe just for folks that are need to brush up on that. We would talk about the heritability of a condition, whether it be depression, whether it be schizophrenia, whether it be bipolar disorder. As largely determined by you have identical twins separated at birth, raised in completely different environments, what is effectively the probability that they're both going to come down with the same psychiatric condition. And that's unfortunately, fortunately, that's the purist way we can get at what the genetic heritability is of something when you don't know what the genes are or when there are so many genes and it's very complicated. And my recollection is that the heritability of autism is quite high. I don't remember the number. Can you enlighten me? Yeah, it's again, it'll be anywhere from 70% to 98%. Depending again on the definitions used at the time, but it's well over 90%. Wow, I didn't know it was that high. I thought it was in the 80s, which is still very high. Am I also correct in my recollection that the heritability of autism is higher than it is for any other condition in the DSM? I believe so. Yeah, in other words, even schizophrenia, even bipolar, even depression and things that we know have very strong genetic components. It is. None are as high as it is for autism. Correct, there's a very, there's definite genetic component to this. OK, so. But may I say, so it's not one gene? That's, yeah, it's just going to say. So let's make sure people understand it is not one gene. It is multiple genes. So anybody with autism, they have multiple genes that have been changed. So there's multiple genetic changes in anybody with autism. And the other thing is, every person who has autism, they probably have a different group of genes that have been changed. And that's so it's actually hundreds and some people say up to like a thousand genes have been associated with autism. Yeah, so I think maybe a way that I would explain this and these correct me if you don't like this analogy. I like it to cancer with a fundamental difference. OK, so hear me out for a second and feel free to shoot this down. Cancer is mostly about somatic mutations and not germline mutations. Meaning most of the time when a person gets cancer, it is not based on genes that they were born with. It's based on genes that were at one point normal that have since acquired mutations in their mutated state. They no longer function normally the person develops cancer. So this complicates my analogy because only about 5% of cancers arrive from germline mutations, whereas the genes that are implicated in autism are indeed germline, you're born with them. However, the point I want to really make is comparing the somatic mutations of cancer to the germline mutations of autism. And the point I'm trying to make is that when you've met a woman with breast cancer, you've met a woman with breast cancer. You're not going to find too many women that look the same with breast cancer. And that's really why gene therapy hasn't panned out for most cancers because to say that a person has breast cancer tells you some stuff. You could dig a little deeper and say, well, it's estrogen positive. It's progesterone positive. It's her two new positive. But still, why wouldn't they all respond the same? Well, it's because they have many different underlying genetic changes furthermore, they have completely different immune responses in terms of what their tumor looks like. And so the way I try to think about it myself is, if you see a hundred kids with autism, and let's just pick a number that somewhat conservative, we would say that that's 85 to 90% heritable. It simply means that the underlying genes for each of them were inherited, but they might have nothing to do with each other across all of those children. Just as we would say, all of the women who have breast cancer have acquired mutations that gave them breast cancer, but they could all be very different. No, I agree. Again, I could poke holes in that analogy, but I think that's maybe an easier way to think about it because polygenic things are harder to wrap our heads around, especially when we don't know what all the genes are. Yeah, yeah. So we don't know all the genes. We know that there is this genetic component. It's like each child with autism has a different fingerprint with their genetic makeup. And so there's these genetic changes, but some of the hits I mentioned are environmental. So there is research to show maternal stress, pollution, maternal diet, parental age. These things also are associated with autism. And again, there's a long list, so there's a long list of things that are associated, but none of them are alone. Like can identify like each one alone is not. The key to autism is the combination. The thing I'm still struggling with is, let's take another example that we, I think we can all point reasonably at. 50 years ago, the incidence of type two diabetes was in the ballpark of 1.5 to 2%. So one and a half to 2% of people in the United States had type two diabetes. Today we're, God, I haven't looked in a while, but it's over 10%. And I'm talking clear type two diabetes. I'm not talking about in the gray area of pre-type two diabetes. So let's just say we've had a five to seven fold increase in a condition over the course of one generation. So then the question of what are the environmental triggers? Like, great, that's not a genetic, that it would be very difficult to explain that just genetically that there's been some genetic change. We might have genetic susceptibilities, we might have genetic manifestations, but the thing of it, something must have changed. I think most people would point to our food environment as the leading thing that has driven that change. Because the change in the food environment in 50 years is dramatic. So when we apply the same logic to autism, do we see big enough changes in these environmental triggers, even just over the last 20 years or 25 years, to say, okay, 25 years ago, kids were born with the same genetic predisposition. They can't be that much genetic drift, unless we believe that we are seeing more people pair together to combine four genes or genetic combinations that are producing this phenotype more than we saw before. We can come back to that, I'd like to hear your thoughts on that. But let's put that aside for a moment. If we're saying that whatever epigenetic changes happening is triggered by something in the environment, and we're talking about if paternal age is going up, if maternal stress is going up, if maternal nutrition is getting worse, if environmental toxins, microplastics, or all over everybody's talking about those things, heavy metals, whatever it is, I would love to go into a little bit more detail and get your thoughts on how those things are changing it. And we have to talk about vaccines, of course, right? So there's gonna be a subset of people here, I think who understandably would think, hey, what about vaccines? Haven't we changed the way we vaccinate kids? Is that participating in it now? You mentioned that this is an in-utero genetic condition, if that's the case, then childhood vaccines might be less responsible than some might think. But I'd just like to hear you riff on all of this stuff because before we get into the what to do, I still think there's a lot of people asking, how did we get here? Yeah. I wish I had all the answers I don't. And so, but I do think that there had, I think it's complex. Like, there have been changes in, you talk about diet, pollution, talks in exposure. I think that's one piece of it, epigenetic changes, which just to clarify for everybody, the DNA sequence is not changed. It's about tags on the DNA that can change the expression of genes or proteins called histones that are changed and a resulting in changed gene expression. But the change gene expression can actually be inherited or passed through generations as well. Yeah, I was gonna ask you about that. Is that, do we know that to be a fact that the epigenome is being transmitted? I think it's controversial. Yeah. I think it's controversial, but there is some thought about that. The idea of the germ cells in a fetus, in a grandparents being exposed to smoking, toxins, changes in food, how that grandparent, exposure can actually change methylation in the germ cells of a parent who's a fetus who then that germ cell goes on to be a child with autism. I don't know if that made sense. A ton of sense to me because I think about this problem night and day, I do wanna make sure the listeners understand that, well, first of all, this is not established. Not at all. I wanna make sure they understand what we're saying. So let's explain it one more time. So we have these four things that make up DNA, your CGA and T, and that is the code, that is the code of life. But on the backbone of those things, you can put little methyl groups, which is just a little carbon with three hydrogens. And that's called epigenetics. And by the way, we're all born with methylated groups all over our epigenome back of the genome, right? Over life, we know that changes. So we know that simply aging changes methylation. But we believe that there is differential methylation and individuals in response to all the things that you've talked about. And we know that methylation controls gene expression. In fact, methylation is probably the single most important thing that controls differential gene expression in different tissues. Yeah. So the question, the jugular question is, if you have a methylation pattern, and you pass that on to your fetus, and what you said a minute ago is even more remarkable, which is, would that child, when they develop past that methylation pattern on to their fetus? I mean, at that point methylation would start to be epigenetics, would start to become genetic, right? It starts to become a part of the germline. So, I mean, this is an answerable question, by the way, in my book. When I think of things that we should know the answer to in a decade, I'm going to put this in the list of things that we should know the answer to just based on the fact that we have it. We will have enough longitudinal data, I think, to be able to get it this. I don't know if you're as optimistic as me. I am. The key thing is that we do know the environment impacts the methylation and the epigenetics. So, it's the idea with this whole idea of like, a crossing generations, it's the idea of the methylation in a germ cell is altered or changed because of some sort of environmental exposure. And again, that parent or grandparent. Yeah. Yeah. And so, in that sense, the child is now susceptible to two things. The germ line that they inherit from both parents. Yeah. And as a fetus, the methylation impact that occurs as a result of any of these other factors you discussed. Yeah. Who are the people that are studying this most closely? Is this in the purview of the geneticists? Is this in the purview of the epidemiologists? Like, who are the people that are most working at this? Because, again, as a general rule, I'm always, you know, I always think that it's very foolhardy to work on a problem, an epidemic without understanding the causal nature of the epidemic. Right? Like, it's, you know, I use the example of like heart therapy. Yeah. Like, change the face of HIV forever. So, success. Like, one of the greatest success stories of infectious disease medicine. But it was all predicated on understanding what the cause was. Like, if you didn't understand that HIV was destroying CD4 cells, yeah. You didn't have a prayer of developing that therapy. And do you ever worry that, you know, if this epidemic, what's to say this isn't going to get to be one in three kids in 30 years? And are there enough people like you that are going to be able to help parents and help families and help children with that? So, so that I don't want to sound alarmist, but I worry when we have an epidemic potentially, and we don't have a great sense of causality. Yeah. That's profound. And it's, and I'm thinking about a number of different things. One, I'm thinking about, because you're talking about this one in three. And I'm just trying that out is, hey, what if this trend continues? Yeah. And so, one of the issues though, is how we define the condition that's the thing that is, so there is still that. I though I believe that there is this piece with genetics and the environment and how we are evolving, and there's this, it's a phenotype. This phenotype where there is differences in how in social communication skills and repetitive behaviors of restricted interests, this phenotype is, which is on a huge spectrum as well. I shall make sure this is the thing. Because when we were talking about these numbers, like one in 36 and this number continues to increase, is not just the kids who are like nonverbalism. It's just really wide phenotype is increasing. And so it is important, we understand the cause of why this phenotype is increasing and then what should we or should not be doing about that. What do you know about the change in the frequency or the prevalence of, let's pick one subset of that, which is the nonverbal or child that is so impaired that I could diagnose them or a parent could diagnose. Right. Do we know if that has remained relatively constant over the last 25 years, despite the change in diagnostic criteria? I believe there's an increase in that number as well. But the numbers that are put out there, the really profound numbers actually describe the entire spectrum and they don't actually subdivide into the different parts of the spectrum. Do you have a ballpark idea? So if the overall diagnosis of autism is increased, you know, five fold in the last 20 years has that more severe part gone up by 50% by 100% I mean, what do you think it is or what do you know it is? We subdivide autism spectrum into three buckets, level one, level two, level three. So the more significantly impaired children would fall into level three where they require very substantial support. But there are very few research studies that actually look into these sub buckets and I have to be honest, I'm not sure clinicians are always great at identifying kids in the sub buckets either. Like you and I are talking about a very specific, you know, profile that should be very obvious to identify, but there's other kids in sub bucket three that are sometimes put in sub bucket two, depending on what clinicians you say. And I'm gonna guess that the sub bucket three is not the totality of the children that were called autistic prior to 2013 is that a safer assumption? Yes. So you can't even say assuming the data existed and it sounds like they don't. We can't just say what was the prevalence of autism in the DSM4 and how does it compare to ASD sub three today that wouldn't even be a meaningful comparison? I'm not sure if anyone's looked into it, but yeah, I don't know if it did. It wouldn't be apples, apples. It's not. Okay.