So maybe we just start with kind of where you see the value of strength training. Do you think that there is a diminishing return at some point? Do you think that there is a diminishing return in the amount of muscle? I've said very tongue and cheek that the list of 90 year olds out there complaining that they wishing they were not as strong and not as muscular is a very short list. Right? So, but again, why am I saying that? I'm saying that to say that most people at the end of life are saying the exact opposite. I wish I was stronger. I wish I had more muscle. But from a practical standpoint, what is your view on muscularity and strength at the expense of what it might take to achieve them? Are there extremes that people should be mindful of? It's a great question. If you have to be mindful of extremes, in almost every case you have already been on a multi-years-long, very immersive, very infatuated, very disciplined journey of resistance training and focused nutrition. And the organization of many variables and parts of your life around that task, it's unlikely to be something you pick up a lifting hobby and just find yourself excessively muscular. Boops. So, that's probably the best answer for that. It's just insanely unrealistic in most cases to wander into that sort of thing. The myth of accidental muscle. Yes. You know, people say more money, more problems. First of all, I'm very successful, grounds, I think that's absurd. But you don't accidentally become ultra wealthy. And by God, I wish you the best if that happens to you. I'll cry at here for you. But in much the same way, almost nobody accidentally becomes hypermuscular to the extent that there are on that side of the spectrum that trade-offs are starting to become apparent. Probably the biggest trade-off in the short-to-medium term is opportunity cost. Things you could have spent doing outside of being in the gym. But the way that the science of resistance training works is for almost all of the health benefits and the longevity benefits and the quality of life benefits. The amount of time you need to be training per week is measured in the 1-3 hour range, with 3 being like, you're really full-sending it. 1-3 hours per week. If we took, if you went on chatGBT and did like a time-use question, I mean, can you list all of the things that typical American does for X number hours a week and throw in, you just read down to us, top 100 time use cases? You may find that 1-3 hours a week is somewhere in like the 50 or 60 rank and there's so many things people do that way more than that. I mean, social media consumption, television watching, and the list goes on, there are dozens of things you do that take way more time. And so if you really fully invest yourself, like, I'm relatively fully invested into getting a jacked as possible, it's going to take some time. It's going to take you could take eight hours a week, which is still like, whether it's not forever. People will job for 40 minutes every morning, think nothing of it. And then when you present to them the idea of resistance training like, what, I'm going to take some time. Well, yes, actually does not take nearly as much time. His intensity of the efforts so growtously high and the recovery demands are so high that you have to be very pulse-attile with it. It's not even something you have to do every day. As a matter of fact, people get incredible benefits. Probably the biggest return on investment, the average person can make. Just a train for roughly half an hour, two times a week, Monday and Thursday. If you do it properly, it can comport an unbelievable amount of benefits just across the board. And so for most people, the consideration that they can begin to do this excessively, it's just not something realistic until and unless they're really into it like a huge hobby. Like if you are watching Formula One for 30 minutes a day every other day on your phone, you're going to have a list of considerations of this is taking up too much of your time, kind of out the window. Now if you start like, cancelling podcast guests because you're following the circuit around the world and staying in five star hotels and booking the hyper-rich guy's suite for all the races, yeah, like someone could say, well, you're really into this. You're like, no, nonsense. It's only cost me 3 million a year. So then yes, but it's obvious when you're going to be so involved. You don't just walk into that sort of thing. So let's unpack this a little bit because, well, there's actually two things I want to go into, but one of them, I think will be a better entry into it, which is you talked about how boy, if you were going to put eight hours a week into your strength training, you're kind of at the upper limits of what a person might do. Conversely, if your goal is to be a really good endurance athlete, you're not getting, you're not at that level yet. If you're only putting in eight hours a week, right? A world class cyclist is, I mean, God, they're probably on their bike 30 hours a week. Something like that. Easily. For 10 jobs. Now, of course, not all of that is at maximum intensity. A lot of that, in fact, probably 70 to 80 percent of it. It also varies a little bit by gender, but let's just say 70 to 80 percent of that time is going to be at zone two. And they're really only burning matches in 20 percent of the time. There's something very different about strength training, which is, are you really getting benefit at the equivalent of whatever we would call zone two in the gym? Like if you're at that far of a sub-maximal effort, what is the training stimulus? And is this just where the comparison between cardio pulmonary training where there's a clear benefit from sub-maximal efforts and strength training don't drive? That's definitely a case. Training, I like to use the term resistance training. It's the general term for going into the gym and having things to your muscles. Because that's why you would say hypertrophy and strength are outputs of resistance. Correct. Yes. So, you can get some benefits from very sub-maximal efforts. But resistance training is based on applying high forces and high levels of fatigue as it's primary modality of how it makes you better. And so it's kind of when you get into that world, that's what's going to happen. It's like if you're trying to be a special operator and eventually maybe see a type of person. But you don't like the sound of gunfire freaks you out, you're kind of in the wrong place. So we get almost all the benefits from pushing either very heavy loads or lighter loads, but very close to muscular failure, which people have described as unpleasant. A burn in the muscle, a lot of pain, the weights slow down, so it takes a lot of psychological effort to keep going. There is not really an equivalent of just getting on the bike and putting in the miles. Getting to a pace, we're zone two, you can breathe, you can talk a little bit still. That's not weight training, but precisely because weight training is so intensive, you need lots of recovery time between sessions and you can do lots of disruption and damage in each session. And also the total yield and how much it changes your physiology is very high for each session and actually per unit time. And that means if you're not working super hard, per unit one unit time, you're going to need a lot of work. That's endurance training. If you're working insanely hard per unit time, you won't need a lot of work nor can you recover from that much work, which is why the top end is eight or 10 hours or something for even professional bodybuilders of time spent in the gym every week. But for people that just want the basic benefits, yeah, we're talking about an hour or two hours a week. And that's really all you need. If you're pushing sufficiently hard, that's both all you need and realistically, like you can recover for more if you make time in your schedule and really partioed has recovery. But yeah, any much more than that gets to be like, well, I'm kind of soaring tired a lot more. And Mike, do you think this is simply a consequence of the fact that endurance training relies more on type one muscle fibers and strength than hypertrophy training are more dependent on the actions of type two fibers. Is that why I mean, I don't know why philosophically, I just think this is such an interesting contrast to make of how optimization of one is a totally different philosophy than optimization of the other. And the only reason I'm harping on it is I just know that when you take people who are very used to doing endurance training, it's a hard switch for them to adopt what you just said in the gym sometimes. Sure. It's not the way they're wired. But do you think it's is the best way to explain to that person the why that like that's that of a three-in-a-type one and a type two fiber? That is probably the core difference. I would say there are two other things that can be put into that equation. One is the physical forces are just much higher in magnitude. You know, you're going to be putting a lot of tension through your connective tissues and through your muscles when you're resistance training, then you are when you're doing like bicycle work, for example. And so with high absolute forces, the approximate damage and disruption to the body is graded exponentially and not linearly. It's like if a wifful ball flies past you, you might not even hear it. If a 50 caliber bullet flies past you, it's going to tear parts of you off and it's never even touched you. Very, very different amount of damage from much, much higher forces. And the other one is some combination of neural and psychological drive. The kind of drive it requires to be good and endurance, at least the base building part, the aerobic base work that you do, is kind of being in a state of calm equanimity. You get your flow going, you get your music going, you get your breathing going, you look at the road ahead of you, and you can just crank. But in lifting, you have to turn up the juice to really feel the maximum kind of situation, another quick analogy of hand is if you are a truly an air like I am and you have a fleet of Sessna private aircraft at your back and call I never fly the same plane twice, I was crash the thing. You know, you fly a Sessna, you can fly it for some time, it requires a decent amount of maintenance, but decent amount of maintenance and it'll fly for a long time. It's just never getting up to velocities that are really crazy. You take an SR-71 blackboard out first bin at Mach 3, you have to do like 10 times the number of maintenance hours per flight hour on that thing, or something to that magnitude, because at Mach 3, what's happening to the plane is just like it's actually just running through subsequent brick walls. Like that's what the sound barrier is like. Three times faster than the sound barrier, you're just rattling that thing into dust. That's what you're trying to do to it. When you're pushing your body really hard and the weights are slowing down and there's sets of five or sets of eight or sets of ten, your body is very close to its limits. So both your faster twitch muscle fibers, which are required, they take way more damage. They're also not as well perloferated with blood supply and they heal faster, or sorry, they heal slower. And the amount of absolute force is higher and the amount of neural drive it takes. Like you can hop on a bike for an hour and zone two every day. And afterwards, people like you tired, you're like a little bit, I can kind of feel like a loop, also a little bit refreshness. You don't really feel refreshed after like grinding the leg press for five sets of 15. You feel like someone beat the crap out of you and you didn't know anyone money. What the hell is going on? So that intensity that absolute intensity of lifting and high relative intensity, that's what tends to make the big big fatigue cost.