And you said something earlier about the more you restrict carbohydrate or the more you restrict fat, typically the more weight you're going to lose. The sweet spot if you want to gain weight is to have lots of both of them. Is that how much of that do you think comes down to the hedonic component of how good ice cream tastes? The ubiquity of food choices. Or do you think there's something very unique, physiologically going on? You know, you've probably heard of the potato diet. I mean, all these diets just sound so stupid. But I mean, again, it's sort of one of these things like if you talk to somebody who just mainlines potatoes all day, they lose weight like crazy, right? Yep, absolutely. And this has been shown really clearly in animal models, which have the advantage of you can get really tight control for a large portion of the animals lifespan. On speak, I mean, published a study that is the best one that's been done in animals where 29 different diets, I believe, and five different strains of mice, they systematically varied the carbohydrate to fat ratio and the diet. And they said, how does that interact with body fatness? And what they saw was if you start with animals that are on a low fat, high carbohydrate diet, and you start replacing that carbohydrate fat, they get fat or fat or fat or fat or fat or fat or until you hit about 60 percent. And then you keep increasing the fat and decreasing carbohydrate, they get slimmer again. And there are studies published, mice lose weight on a ketogenic diet, just like humans do. You put mice on the diet, you put rats on the diet, they lose weight. So it's really in the middle that the problem is. Which is ironic, because that's where the standard American diet is. If you just block into the grocery store and just eat without any filtering, you will eat that wrong combination of fat and carbohydrate. Exactly. And if you look anywhere in the world where people are rich enough and industrialize enough to eat whatever they want, that's generally what you're going to see. At least after a couple of decades of cultural adaptation, you're going to see pretty equal proportions of fat and carbohydrate. That's what you see in most parts of the world. And so why is that? Well, I think there are some hypotheses that can be considered and let me just be clear here that this is speculative. So I don't want to present this as the answer. Because I don't think we really know, but I think this is primarily a empiric observation that we're trying to explain. But some explanations, you could say, maybe it's a physiological effect. So if you're not eating much carbohydrate, your body has to work a little bit harder to synthesize glucose, for example. So there are some physiological ways in which you're kind of increasing the demands a little bit in metabolic demands. Same with very low fat diets, you're slightly increasing metabolic demands, you're have to synthesize, you're going to synthesize more fatty acids. And I don't know. I don't think that's a great explanation because those metabolic demands are very small. In speak men's experiments, these were all ad libid in my assume. Yes. So are they just eating, are they also significantly eating less at the extremes in terms of total energy intake and where they controlled for protein? Yes. Yes. I think the answer is yes to both of those if I'm recalling correctly. Although, I do want to put a little asterisk on that. Sometimes there is not a perfectly tight correlation in rodent studies between energy intake and fat gain. So you can get some results where it's not fully explained by that. Or in some cases, not explained at all. So yeah, where was I, what was I saying? Lost my train of thought there. Well, I think we're still trying to reconcile why the extremes, what's it, is it all being driven by less intake or is there some increased metabolic cost of living at the extremes? Yeah. So the physiology would be one and then the other would be just the neurobiology and the food intake. And I think that's the most satisfying explanation we have right now is that it is simply more appealing to eat food, more motivating to eat food that has both carbohydrate and fat. I'm not saying I have strong evidence that that's the explanation, but that's kind of the only thing I can think of that explains it. I mean, why else the metabolic cost of being at the extremes should be pretty modest. It can't explain effects of hundreds of calories a day, which is what's observed when you put people on a very low fat or a very low carb diet. Their energy intake declines by hundreds of calories a day right away automatically. And so it's, yeah, that's the only thing I can think of is that essentially a food has less implicit value to reward regions of the brain because of how our motivation is determined for certain types of food properties. The food is intrinsically less motivating and so we eat less of it. That's my best guess as to the main reason. And it's interesting. I mean, I think it's not very difficult to take your carbohydrate intake down to 5 to 7%. Like a ketogenic diet will do that and it's a pretty easy diet to adhere to, especially today. Harder 10 years ago when there were fewer food choices geared towards it. But I mean, I'm not necessarily saying it's overly pleasant diet, but it's not difficult. You don't have to put a huge amount of effort to eat 5% of your calories in carbohydrates today. I don't even know how one would go about getting only 5% of your calories from fat. That is a much harder thing to do, is it not? Yeah, I think it would be very difficult to get that low. When you look at studies that test low fat diets, some of the lowest fat diets I've seen were in the 10% fat range, I mean, even foods like whole wheat, and corn have a fair amount of fat in it. Not a lot of fat, but I don't remember exactly what it is, but not far off from 10% just from those foods that we would call starch foods. Yeah, so I think it is quite challenging to get that low. In fact, you can do it with more refined diets, like semi-purified diets. It's not so hard to do that in rodent studies. The design and diet that some of them will actually eat as a human in a randomized control trial or something at that level of fat intake, I think is pretty challenging. Yeah, I think 10% is, even 15% is not easy. I mean, you're really working hard to do it. I'm not convinced that there are great health benefits to that either. Probably better than being in the messy metal, but it's pretty hard to do.