We live in a world now, it seems, where coaches want kids to specialize earlier and earlier. Most of the kids have a coach, a coach outside of a position coach outside of the team. Now, my intuition is, that just doesn't make sense. So, what tell me what you guys think of that? Do you have a soap box available for me to jump up on? Absolutely. One, I always say follow the money. Right? If you look at most of these people that are telling you that kids need year-round sports, or people who are making their living from year-round sports, if you look at what most professionals allow athletes are doing, they're not doing that with their kids. If you look at what most coaches are doing, they're not doing that with their kids, what you usually find is some entrepreneur who has developed Joe's baseball, and he needs income year-round because he doesn't have Joe's baseball and lacrosse. He just says Joe's baseball. So, as a result, they start telling you, they start giving you that early specialization myth. Hey, you gotta get started early, and if you get started early, you do better, and if you get senior age, so somebody Twitter the other day, somebody said, that, you know, scouting starts now at 10 you. This was a woman who runs a softball development program. And I just, I literally, I typed these, I said, no, that's absolutely bad information. They start using words like development and exposure. The reality is, if you said, I have an eight year old who really likes baseball, the number one thing I would tell you is make him do something else besides baseball. My daughter was a full scholarship, I saw a key player very, very good play to year, and the women's professional league. He had a scholarship when she was 15 years old. I didn't let her play in a summer tournament until she was 13, and people would say, all the time, can we can make a kale play in this tournament? Can she play in that tournament? Like, nope, no, look, what is what she doing? So it's gonna go to the lake, she's gonna water ski, she's gonna be on swim team. She took up diving one summer because they needed a diver, and she became the U12 diver because the guy started throwing herself off the diving board, and said, oh, she's fearless, I'll teach you to dive, and I'll say, how many hours will you take her for? And he's like, a couple hours a week, I was like, awesome. But so we made her do that, we made her play soccer. She did judo, she was state judo champion when she was 12. The kids that are better athletes do better in the long run. You end up with as a whole early sixth-seater phenomenon that we deal with. And early sixth-seaters, generally they won the the genetic Olympics. They generally tend to be from groups that that develop earlier. And they will tend to be ahead when they for us, from in my years, it was the Greeks and the Italians kids. They always mature. They were the ones that were shaving in junior high school, and they were much better in junior high football than the rest of us were, because they weighed 190 pounds and we weighed 130 pounds. And you just look at that and think that's not going to have any bearing on the end. You have to look, this is the literal marathon versus sprint argument. In terms of, you've got to look at this and think, no, this is a developmental marathon. And the kids who sample tend to do better, like your kid loves baseball now. But you don't necessarily know that that will be my son, love talk, he's playing calls across. He was playing baseball in across at the same time and eventually we were. Did you feel this way even if the kid is themselves wanting to play all the time? Would you sort of force, I guess? I forced my daughter. My daughter was hockey only. She was that's all I want to do. And I said, I don't care. So she was not thrilled about the idea that you weren't letting her play in a summer tournament. Yep. Angry at times with me fights about why can't I do this? Because she knew she could go and be the best player and I said, I don't care if you're the best player when you're 12. I care if you're the best player when you're 18. And so being the best player at 12, I'm not getting any ego gratification by going to this tournament and realizing that you made the 12 year old all stars or something like that. So yeah, we had fights, we had fights about soccer. I made it player, you 14 year soccer. And I did, but the specialization thing, I always think up to 12, broadest sampling possible. The more things they can possibly do the better, the more because we're trying to develop general athletic attributes. You'll see the kids in hockey that played soccer because their kids can pick up pucks in their feet. My son picked up lacrosse really fast because he played baseball and he played hockey and he understood the whole idea. Oh, we score this and that. I can catch things extended. All that stuff made perfect sense to him when he went to lacrosse and lacrosse ended up coming together. But if you weren't sampling, you don't know. You just think, I always say, this is a terrible analogy, but I'm going to use it anyway. I said, if your son came to you and said, I really like cocaine at this point. It's the only thing that I want to do. You would be like, no, we're not going to do that. Right. But suddenly because you have to do a little hero. You can do a little man. I'm like a dream. I just don't want you to be, but you only mean if you're just because they want to do it. If you're just doing that for baseball, you think, you know, you say, I'm like, I'm like absurd analogies. But I think you see the absurdity of that and you think, yeah, you love baseball. That's great. But you really should, you know, you should learn to swim. And you really should learn to do some sort of, you know, sports that involves your feet. You know, you should play soccer. You should, I think, you know, kids should do. I think some sort of combative sport is really good for kids because you should learn what it's like. Like, it's really fine. It might took my daughter. The instructors when my daughter was doing judo were Ronda Rousy and Kayla Harrison, which, like, what are the odds that you go to the best judo school in America that is 15 minutes from your house. And that's who's teaching the classes in judo. So my daughter can still say that, you know, she was taught by Ronda Rousy and Kayla Harrison. But, you know, having to go out on a mat and fight another kid and fight the word, I guess, right? Is really good for a 12 year old girl. And that feeling I remember looking at me the first time, like, you know, I'm like, sorry. I can't come out like you're on your own. You're on your own. You better figure it out. And she did. So I just, you're sampling is the key and special is specialization. If we can think of the worst possible thing you can do for your kid, it is to let them specialize. Even if it gets to the point where they think that I don't like you, you're mean. You're not a good person because you're not letting me do it. I want to do it. You've got to look at them and think that's why I'm the parent. That's why I'm in charge. Sorry. So box up. So box down. I'll let some girls talk. I will say that our kids are both in gymnastics and judo. My daughter hates judo and she sells in gymnastics. And we chose gymnastics because it allows for her fine motor skills, all of this development very young. And also the development of her musculature. She's, and again, she loves it. And we know that the healthier, fitter and more active these kids are, the greater their metabolic health as adults is. But to your point, what we see is I think in the US we see a lot more injuries than in other places because of this always having a season. And from a standpoint of longevity, definitely, again, make our kids see the same thing. I don't know why we haven't stopped in question to a little bit sooner because it's not like injury rates are going down. So we're playing more and getting injured more. Like that's what we've seen across all levels of sport. Mike and I were discussing the Achilles tendons and the rash of Achilles tendon injuries, or at least it seems to be in prominent players. But a lot of it has to go back to just the, the repetitions in the mileage and one thing that Mike brought up that I thought was really interesting was the way the style of the game is played now, it's a basketball. There's so much more because it's really come down, chuckle up a three, go down, chuckle up a three, come down, it's a lot less of that inside game going on. The game is faster and they run more and there's a lot more mileage, how many miles extra was it? 200 more miles a year per team, right, just because of the way the style of the game is played. And they're not all linear miles or start, stop, stop, stop, stop. So there's a lot of cumulative stress on the Achilles tendon doing that. That can, you know, again, on top of the fact that as as as teenagers, they're playing all year long too, not like it used to be when Larry Burb was playing when he played his season in any probably went home and did something completely different. I, or just just shot around a little bit. So we need to start looking at these extensive seasons in these multiple seasons per year because it's not changing. It's not helping if it, if it was helping, we wouldn't have all these athletes being injured, things are worse now than they've ever been. Same more about the Achilles that, that is the injury I've personally fear the most at this point. I don't know what it is. I think I've just seen so many of them. It's the injury that keeps me up at night is like, I'm just literally diving for a soccer ball and. I'm Peter Atia. This podcast relies exclusively on premium subscribers for support, which allows us to provide all our content without taking a single penny from advertisers. I believe this keeps my content honest, making it a trusted resource for listeners like you. As a premium member, you'll get immediate access to our entire back catalog of AMA episodes and all future AMA episodes. You'll get longevity, focused premium articles packed with actionable insights. You'll get unrivaled show notes for each and every episode of the drive, every topic, every study, every resource from each episode, carefully curated for you. You'll get quarterly podcast summaries where you'll learn my biggest personal takeaways from the previous 90 days of expert guest episodes and much more. This journey doesn't have to be navigated alone. We can take these steps towards a better, longer life together. Become a premium member today. A Peter Atia MD.com forward slash subscribe to join me in a shared commitment to a healthier, future.