Let's pivot and talk about the brain a little bit. This is an area where your own knowledge has grown rapidly. Tom, this is clearly an area of immense curiosity for you for me. Because cholesterol plays an important role in the brain. I think to put it mildly, and people have many questions about the role of cholesterol, lowering therapy and brain health. Let's just start with a basic question, which is what role does cholesterol play in the brain? What do we know about the different pools of cholesterol? We have cholesterol outside of the central nervous system. In-site the central nervous system. Can they move back and forth? Can lipoproteens go back and forth? Is LDL taking cholesterol into the brain and back to tell us about how that whole system works? So important, I'm glad we're going to chat about this a little bit. It's obviously so complex. Really, I'll almost give you credit. Here are the guy who got me interested in lipids in the brain. Perhaps probably 15 years ago when you introduced me to Richard Isaacson at the Cornell Dementia Clinic. He was very interested in lipids because he just knew lipids are part of what's going on in the brain. I'd better learn more about lipids and you were good buddies. I got dragged pulled into that circle. I like how you said dragged initially. I mean, I mean, pull pulled slowly. Yes. You're a strong guy, Peter. You've voted me to study a lot of things that maybe I wouldn't have the trip into. I don't know that. I would have never met Richard Isaacson had it not been for you. But thank God you did. And so we've been trying to learn about brain and lipids. So often the last thing I'll say, you did that great podcast with Dan Raider on HDLs. And it's a podcast everybody should listen to. But at the end, you sort of turned to Dan. He said, where are we going with lipids? Dan, we sort of solved the APOB. We're learning a lot now about HDL. And Dan said it's lipids in the brain is the next frontier. And why has that not been studied very much until now? Because you can't stick a needle. You have to go into it and get cerebral spinal fluid. You know, I swear it's going on in the brain. Most people are amenable to a venipunctionary naryl bone, not a spinal tap. So here's what's going on. Collesterol is almost certainly the most important molecule in the brain. The brain is by far the most cholesterol carrying organ in the body. The brain actually makes more cholesterol than any other organ per se way more than the liver even. So if I gave you a dumb question, hey, I got this body here. And I want to find out where all the cholesterol is. Where should I go? Open the skull and take out the brain. That's where you're going to find the most cholesterol. Wow. So obviously cholesterol is crucial to the brain. And that's because the brain is made up of a lot of cells. All of which have important functions, especially those neurons that should offer the action potentials that make our body function and everything. And what's on the surface of a neuron? Freacolesterol and phospholipids. So evolution, I guess, figured out a long time ago that the brain needs cholesterol. So we're not going to make the brain dependent on cholesterol. It's floating around the plasma or what's in your liver or your intestine. We're going to let the brain make all the cholesterol it needs. So we're going to really drive the enzymes that synthesize cholesterol in the brain. So the brain needs cholesterol to make a long story. Sure, every cholesterol molecule it's in the brain got there by denovostynthesis in the brain. Not a single molecule with cholesterol was delivered from the periphery, meaning that floating around our plasma leaves the plasma and enters the brain. Now, by the way, where is all the cholesterol in our plasma? I've already told you it's got to be inside of a lipoprotein floating in plasma. That's where we measure cholesterol. That's where we measure lipids in the plasma. But I can assure you there is no cholesterol carrying particle in the plasma. Be it a VL, a L and H D L or an L D L. That crosses the blood brain barrier and says, okay, brain, here's your cholesterol for today. Doesn't happen. There is a rapid turnover of cholesterol in the periphery. Shells make it. They get rid of what they don't need. It's brought back to the liver for the liver to decide what to do with it. They turn over time for cholesterol in the plasma is two to three days. All right. So if a cholesterol molecule is synthesized in the brain, what is it's half life? Five years. Now, half life is a given number that total sort of brain resonance time of that cholesterol molecules you multiply that by seven. So some cholesterol molecules last up to 30 years once they're synthesized in the brain. And that's why cholesterol synthesis in the brain starts in utero. Early on, mom's supply in the little fetal brain with a lot of cholesterol. But very rapidly, second, third, try nester. Those brain cells start making their own cholesterol. If you have a lot of cholesterol, it's a lot of cholesterol synthesis going on by virtually every cell that exists in the brain. There's only like three of them. But at a certain point, somewhere between the ages of five and ten, the brain may has made all the cholesterol it needs. So then only two cells continue to make cholesterol. So less than number two, what are the cells in the brain that we're in this conversation with? One's I've mentioned in utero and in childhood neurons produce a lot of cholesterol. But at a certain age, the neurons got more work to do. They don't want to make cholesterol. Why? Because every cholesterol molecule requires 27 molecules of ATP to produce. It's a super energy-driven process. Neurons need ATP for a lot of other functions. Those electrical charges they make. All right. So what are the other two cells in the brain? I'll go dangerous sites to make the most cholesterol. And where is the cholesterol they make become? Myelin, which coats every nerve ending every absign and dengerate in your body. So those oligodendrous sites are big time cholesterol producers. But they make all their cholesterol go to myelin. They don't send any cholesterol over to neurons. So what is the other cell in its astrocytes? And in infancy and childhood in utero, oligodendrous sites, astrocytes in neurons are making cholesterol at just no tomorrow. Once the neuron stops making it, astrocytes are the sole maker of cholesterol that supplies the neurons. But how would an astrocyte synthesize cholesterol and send it over to the neurons? Aha! The brain has to have a lipoprotein system just like the periphery does. Now, between astrocytes and neurons is basically its brain interstitial fluid, sort of a loose connective tissue. It's called the matrosome. So if astrocytes synthesize cholesterol, they obviously have to package it inside of a brain lipoprotein, see, create that lipoprotein which swims through the matrosome and goes over. And guess what the neuron expresses? LDL receptors? LDL receptor, relane at protein or something called the scavenger receptor. All of which can bind to the type of lipoprotein that an astrocyte produces. So the pulmon also has a lipoprotein delivery system, but here's the difference. What is the main structural protein in the periphery? Apo B or Apo A1? What is the main structural protein in the brain? Apo E. So when an astrocyte makes an lipoprotein, it's an apoeic containing lipoprotein. And by the way, they're smaller, much smaller than the particles that we find in the periphery. If we put them in a centrifuge, they have the density of a high density lipoprotein that would float around the periphery. So they're often called brain HDLs, but don't confuse brain HDLs with peripheral HDLs. Because most of the brain HDLs have apoeis, their structural protein, in the periphery, they have apoei1. Here's where the story gets a little more complicated as always. What is the smallest apoei protein the body can make? It's actually apoei protein A1, which is why an HL needs four or five of them. So if apoei1 can dissociate from an HDL, and we do have free HDL in the plasma that's measurable, it is small enough that it can cross the blood-brain barrier. And once it joins the blood-brain barrier, what is the small apoei1 looking for? An HDL buoyancy particle. So it joins with the apoei particles. So the brain-lipoproteins are all apoei, or they're all apoei plus apoei1. And you can have multiple copies of each of those on those particles. So wow. So now, as long as the apoei1, by the way, which can bind to an LDL receptor or the scavenger receptor, same with the apoei, the neuron can grab them and either internalize them or demirgulate the dipodate them in the neuron gets its cholesterol in the neurons happy. And then the demlipodate particles can go right back and fill up at the astrocyte again. So that's brain cholesterol transformation.