Let's help people understand that. I'd like to use thoughts versus thinking, and I'd like to use worry versus worrying to help people understand when they've crossed that threshold. So start with whichever one you want, and let's pick a real-world example that you might experience in the practice. Well, I want to talk about health and medical stuff. So someone's having a bunch of physical symptoms in there of prey that they might have cancer. They're afraid that they might have cancer. That's a worry. They're afraid that these might be symptoms of a heart attack of an M.I. event. That's a worry. What if I'm having a heart attack all the sudden you're trying to figure it out? Which by the way, asking that doesn't figure it out. And Googling it doesn't figure it out. And calling it cardiologist who hasn't seen you doesn't figure it out. But when you go, what if this is a heart attack symptom? You're beyond worrying about it. The worry is I might be sick in this case having a medical event. And you're trying to figure out what if this is the thing. And when you're trying to figure it out, that's no different than Googling it. That's no different than looking it up online, calling your nurse or doctor friend or in-law and saying, do you think this is what it is? So when I go to someone and go, hey, do you think that's what this is? Most people would call that reassurance-seeking, which is a classic ritual. It's a behavioral thing. Me asking you, hey, you haven't evaluated me. You're my brother-in-law. Do you think this is a medical event? But when you ask yourself that, how is it any different? We haven't evaluated you. There's no lab work. We're not really going to get the answer. And you're really just looking for one answer. You're fine. So the dilemma is, is when you go from that worry state to, oh my gosh, I'm terrified I might be sick to what if I'm sick? What if this is the event? People can spend not in that little moment, but all day wondering, is that another thing? Is that a hard issue? Is that a symptom of stroke? My eye twitching, is that I mean I'm having a seizure? When they start asking themselves, a litany of questions, that's not the worry. The worry is just, I'm scared something's wrong. I'm scared something bad's going to happen when you sit there and start questioning at all. To me, it's no different than just sitting there and Googling all day long. What are these symptoms? Remember, let anyone look at that and go, of course, that person's ritualizing. But when you do it inside, it's the same mechanism. It's you trying to get to the end of the story. You're using your crystal ball or time machine to get to the end of that story, sooner than you actually need to. In that case, if you're having a rometical event, I'd go to the doctor, I'd actually go see a physician. But seeing there a questioning it doesn't solve anything. So you went from a state of having worries. I'm afraid I'm sick, I'm afraid something's wrong too. Seeing there, I won't use word persevering, because I usually mean something else, but roominating on it. And that looks functional, but it's actually quite dysfunctional. Is it dysfunctional because of the duration? Is it dysfunctional because it comes at the expense of doing something else? Or is it dysfunctional because if an objective person were to evaluate it on its face, it doesn't make any sense. Now, I know I've said a lot there, but to me, this is the crux of it. I'm going to be able to answer that with one word. Yes, it's dysfunctional because it's taking away from your life. It's dysfunctional because the duration or intensity of it doesn't match the thing, meaning that if you're spending all your time doing that and not going to the doctor, this is not going to solve anything. So in a single moment, anyone freaking out, I don't think that's dysfunctional. Peter, that's what any one of us would do. You know, you sent an email and go, oh shoot, did I just do that? We all do that. Oh man, this feels tight in my chest. What is that? We all do that. So even the criteria for something like health anxiety, the DSM criteria requires six months of being concerned about whether to about symptoms or diseases. We'll talk about different kinds of health anxiety in a few minutes, six months. So in a single singular moment, it's nothing more than you being inquisitive and curious, but the point is, is that's not going to solve whether it's a medical event or not going to your doctor is getting any EKG is asking your nurse sister, if you're having like a stroke, what does she know? So it doesn't solve the problem and it's trying to get to the end of a story or resolve some uncertainty or some ambiguity in a way that's not actually an assault. So it's just not a functional way to process. In a singular moment, in a single moment, the first time I don't care, you don't care. It's what someone does, but when you're doing that multiple times a day, multiple times a week or from months on end, that's the disease. Now, what about the individual who goes out to seek medical attention for something, but the pattern is so illogical. So they just keep having sort of unexplained symptoms and they create a story that says this is cancer or this is heart disease or this is and they follow through with the medical checkup as they should. And the medical checkup keeps coming back crystal clear. You're fine, you're fine, you're fine, you're fine, you're fine, you're fine. And the goal post keeps moving. So it's, I think I've got this, I think I've got that, I think I've got this, I think I've got that, everything they get checked over is fine. Is that health anxiety? I'm Peter Atia. This podcast relies exclusively on premium subscribers for support, which allows us to provide all our content without taking a single penny from advertisers. I believe this keeps my content honest, making it a trusted resource for listeners like you. As a premium member, you'll get immediate access to our entire back catalog of AMA episodes and all future AMA episodes. You'll get longevity, focused premium articles packed with actionable insights. You'll get unrivaled show notes for each and every episode of the drive, every topic, every study, every resource from each episode carefully curated for you. You'll get quarterly podcast summaries where you'll learn my biggest personal takeaways from the previous 90 days of expert guest episodes and much more. This journey doesn't have to be navigated alone. We can take these steps towards a better, longer life together. Become a premium member today at Peter AtiaMD.com forward slash subscribe to join me in a shared commitment to a healthier future.