On this podcast, we talk a lot about causes of death, right? People who listen to me are very familiar with the Four Horsemen, and we know about cardiovascular disease, and we know about cancer, and we know about neurodegenerative disease, and we can talk forever about these things. But we don't really talk about the very, very end, perhaps with the exception of a fatal, myocardial infarction. Mm-hmm. And about 50% of MIs are fatal. But about 50% are not, and they're just setting you up for maybe heart failure, or something else. So as difficult as it is, I'd love for you to sort of explain the mechanics of death, of, and we can start with the more common cause of death, which is cardiopulmonary death. We could talk about brain death after, but I'd love for both of you to sort of describe what's happening, both medically, socially, cognitively, like to the individual through that process. Peter, do you mean like the moments leading to the death, as a body shutting down? Yeah, in those final hours, what is really happening? What does it mean to die of cancer? Like, well, I think for many people, it's a very foreign idea that this woman had breast cancer. Okay, there were cells in her breast that, all of a sudden, acquired mutations, those cells escaped from her breast and went to other parts of her body. But there's still a bit of a disconnect. Why did that? Why did the invasion of those cells to her bones and her lungs and her life? One thing to get right out of the gates here is body's die. Living things die. It's, I think, a lot of a sub-sorb, a notion of death that it's some foreign invader, something that comes out of the woods and grabs us, and, otherwise, I was just fine and then, no, and as you don't know better than any of us, there are all sorts of things we can do to promote life. And there are a lot of ways where wired to hang on to life and to run from anything that's a threat to us. Those are all true and all natural. But included on the list of natural things that we do is die. So, you know, it is, that's what a body's supposed to do. I just want to get that clear. There's nothing wrong with you for dying. This is the way it's supposed to go. So, your body knows how to do this. So, let's talk about what the body knows how to do. I mean, in general, depending on the cause of death, whether the pathway might be cancer, is you're mentioning or heart disease or neurodegenerative diseases, there's a final common pathway of a body kind of shutting down. It tends to shut down by organ system, you know. And it doesn't follow a neat and tidy pathway. It can happen kind of spontaneously in a kind of a moment they're here and then they're gone. But very often, especially these days, most of us, like 80 plus percent of us will die of chronic illness. We will meet the thing that eventually awaits our death, well in advance of the death. Oftentimes, if we're trying to prognosticate, help a person or family get a sense of how much time is left. We're looking at things like, are they in and out of bed, you know, much? Are they getting up and out of bed? So, if you're asleep on the couch or in the bed, 50 percent of the day, you know, and if that's sort of a progressive process, more and more fatigue, more and more tired, that usually in the context of chronic illness tells us we're heading towards the end. And an interesting food and fluid is a big one. So a body trying to die a GI tract that's on its way to shutting down will stop sending hunger signals. And this is a big one for the audience to hear because a lot of us, you know, food equals nutrition equals nourishment equals life. So if we see someone we love or ourselves not eating, the impulse would be, well, put some food into us. That's life. I don't want someone to starve to death is often my way to do it. And also love, right? Yeah, it's how we show our care and exactly symbolically the act of feeding another is, you know, the nourishment, the love to your point, bridge, it comes with that there's so much around food. But then before we cut over to bridge to explain more, that's that could piece of the puzzle. You know, the body again is sending you a signal, don't put food in me because it will hurt. If a gut is not able to process the food, it sits in place and can cause pain, same with fluids. If we're forcing fluid into a body that's trying to die, that fluid will pool and cause trouble. So the judgment of call when to push the food and fluid and when not is up to really a dialogue, you know, sort of a song and response with the patient. Once you know, you might try a little bit of fluid. And if that ends up in their lung or ends up swelling, then we pull back. But back to your question. So as a body's trying to die, it will stop sending signals for that food and fluid. And that's to be generally respected, not pushed past mental status. So people often get really fuzzy in their thinking. Or all, and delirium is very common. So oftentimes they'll be disoriented. I think it's 1912. And they're in a forest somewhere where they're in a hospital bed. So that's very common. And B.J. Delirium is not uncommon in the hospital. A lot of times with otherwise very healthy patients who are in the hospital to get surgery, the loss of circadian rhythm, the use of narcotics and other medications can easily induce delirium in a person who's otherwise not going to die. Yep. Is this a different form of delirium and what is really underpinning it? Hmm. I don't know that it's a different form of delirium per se. You know, ultimately it's a similar pathway that it looks the same. So you can have a hyperactive delirium which are very easy to spot. Someone's jumping up and down on her bed and going kind of nuts and acting in a way that's not compording with the context of their sitting in a hospital. So hyperactive delirium can be easier to spot. Very often it's hypoactive delirium which is we often miss, especially in the hospital setting. Might just be a little tangential thinking or not quite clear on what day it is. Something that's not so obvious and very often the person's just silent. And that's more often the case I'd say at the end of life. It's more likely to be a hypoactive delirium and so it may be hard to spot. And the person's been sleeping a lot anyway. So you might not, you might miss it. But one reason to bring it up is because if you, if you don't know what to look for, I think a lot of family members and loved ones will be at that at the bed, trying to e-count every last moment with this person and looking for clues about what's going on for them. And last relational moments and exchanges. And very often I've heard from a lot of people reports of, well gosh, my husband never said a mean word to me in our 50 years of marriage. And I've been traumatized for the last two years since he died because of his last words to me where this vulgar something or other. And or he told me that he had to get out of his, you know, some harsh comment. And it, oh, I, it's one of those big takeaways for you audience. Just please keep delirium in mind because what it also means is that person who is delirious is not, you cannot, they are not themselves. So whatever they're saying, you, you really cannot take it literally, you really cannot take it literally. So that poor woman, was suffering for, you know, if someone had told her about delirium, then she would have understood. She took it very literally and was suffering immensely. So anyway, that's a note about delirium. It does feel like an important moment to pause just to note a couple of things, which is, you know, delirium at the end of life we take as seriously as we would in a more acute setting or someone's an ICU with expectation to recover. And we think about environmental factors that influenced delirium, like lighting and noise and interruptions, right? Because if we can minimize delirium, we want to want to want to treat it and care for it. I think the other thing about this space is that we enter into the like rich and nuanced and complicated space of interpretation and the meaning that's being made around what's happening, right? So in that story, someone's, I was sitting at a bedside once with two daughters and their mom was dying. And she had been mostly quiet. I hadn't really talked in a couple of days and we're sitting there talking about her and telling stories and the her kids are telling me about her and she opens one eye and she kind of sits up and she says to her daughter, I love her jacket and I looked at the daughter and the daughter just bursts into tears. And you know, I'm sitting there thinking like, oh, this is so nice. Like mom gives the kind of like, I'm expecting something positive and the daughter's like, she's never complimented my clothes before if anything. She always looked at my, my dress in this critical eye. Like this is so off, you know? And I think that could be one of those projections that we're going to get to the end and dad's going to say mom's going to say the thing that we never heard them say. And they may and that might not feel good. So it's complicated and so interpersonal and personal and subjective and you know, it's one of the reason why two of us being here together and why this work is done often in teams because we could both be in the room with the same person and have very different kind of hits or interpretations around what's happening, what's most important in the room, what needs to be tended to. I've had this so much to say about this stuff and that delirium thing. I mean, there's a big on this point of altered consciousness and what people are saying, what's coming out of people. It's also true that deep dark secrets can sometimes get revealed. That's also true. It's a bit so much needs to be interpreted and it's and therefore held lightly and because you don't there's these are final moments. You may never get the clarity of what mom or dad or that person actually meant in that comment, which is another trick to holding death in our living is to hold it lightly because we keep we will find ourselves wind to apply a story of meaning on all of this stuff as a human's what we do. But one of the great lessons around this work is just, to hold that carefully and lightly. It's not always what we think it is. And on that note of delirium too, I will say as a medical person, I was taught that delirium is inherently a kind of suffering that it's uncomfortable that that to be confused to be disoriented. It's self uncomfortable and it's certainly problematic for the loved ones. So we always medicated it with anti-Sycox, how it paired all in others. We just thornsing just shut it down. I will say my own arc of my career as I've gotten as I've sort of deluded the medical piece with other ways of thinking. I'm not so quick to shut that down. There may be something either vital happening for that person in the bed to express whatever's in there and maybe something that's helpful for the person to hear. I gave you the counterpoint that it's helpful for a loved one to hear in a de-contextualized way. But I think one of the meta messages here is dying, it doesn't can't always be shouldn't, perhaps, admit me to use that hard word. It would be so tidy and immaculate and clean and perfect. I want to disabuse, I think we'd both like to disabuse that notion of that that's a good death. So a quiet death, the person. So I've been increasingly would not medicated delirium unless I had a conversation if you were my patient. I'd say Peter, hey, you know there might be moments where you can get a little confused, et cetera. And if that happens, would you rather, you know, maybe there's an opportunity for me to ask it? Would you like us to kind of air on the side of medicated that and help you sleep through it, you know, or talk to a family about that? But the bottom line here is it's not such a one-to-one thing when we see this, that means suffering, that means medication. It's much more mysterious than that. I'm Peter Atia. This podcast relies exclusively on premium subscribers for support, which allows us to provide all our content without taking a single penny from advertisers. I believe this keeps my content honest, making it a trusted resource for listeners like you. As a premium member, you'll get immediate access to our entire back catalog of AMA episodes and all future AMA episodes. You'll get longevity, focused premium articles packed with actionable insights. You'll get unrivaled show notes for each and every episode of the drive, every topic, every study, every resource from each episode carefully curated for you. You'll get quarterly podcast summaries where you'll learn my biggest personal takeaways from the previous 90 days of expert guest episodes and much more. This journey doesn't have to be navigated alone. We can take these steps towards a better, longer life together. Become a premium member today at PeterAtiaMD.com forward slash subscribe to join me in a shared commitment to a healthier future.