You can, like, God came down and said, you can, you can, I'll give you as much Sarah stem as you want. God is like that. He's, you know, he's a giving. He's a giving. Yeah, he's a giving. So, but you can only use it during the off season or you can only use it during, what you've done. God would not be that cruel. God has, God has very weird sense of humor. Let's go there. I would use it during a prep phase and I would die it for the rest of my life. What's up, guys? Welcome back to Blood Sweat and Gear with coaches, skip, hill, and your berry. Myself, Scott McDaley. And all of our programming is brought to you by you. The people of Patreon, thank you guys very much for supporting the show. We've got a couple of Patreon questions today. We are brought to you by SupplementSourrest.ca for Canadians. And of course, we are brought to you by our title sponsor, Trinutrition.com. Use our code, thank for additional savings. And literally every bodybuilding supplement that you need under the sun, check them out for high quality protein powders, tons of flavors. You get the teams, skip, blend over there. Tell them, skip, sense you. Well, tell them we all sent you a use code to think, get the savings, support what we're doing. Guys, if you're new to our content, then let me encourage you to subscribe and hit the bell. We have several podcasts that come out each week. All that stuff, comments, everything. We appreciate you guys. So Andrew and I haven't had a chance to talk, Arnold Classic yet, almost at Olympia. Arnold Classic yet. I said Andrew and I, because skip, skip has not been following. And that's okay, skip. I don't understand. I don't understand. I'm looking at this list. I'll say it. Not impressed. What? Send me the list of people in the, I know. I don't mean it shitty. I look, they're clearly far better bodybuilder than I'll ever be in another hundred years if I could do it 10 times over. I'm just saying from past history, you know, with the Arnold lineups, um, in my hotline saying that this is pretty much a formality. What do you mean? I'm not sure. I'm not sure. Okay. Well, A, I first, I think you're wrong. I don't think that this is just the, I don't think this is going to be a week armor classic. I think it's going to be a two man show. Yes. I mean, hotion Samsung. I think, because Samsung's, you know, he's, he's, he's the, the sitting champ right now. Hoties, the, the scorned Olympia second place who, from what I've seen is literally a slept, brave, breathe bodybuilding. Like, and every post is like, you can just tell. He doesn't do anything for fun. He doesn't do anything for recreation. It's been Jim Meals recovery. So, I think hoties coming into this thing to try to show people like, hey, you made him a steak by giving Derek Lons for the Olympia. And this is my best. Uh, with that being said, you know, Samsung just continues to improve every year. Yeah. And he's got a prettier structure, just being a little bit taller, little bit broader in the shoulders, having the flowing quads. He's got the classical frame with open bodybuilder muscle. So you can't, you know, deny that either. So I do think it's a two man race between those two. I hope they're both in the best shape of their lives. And I hope it's a show that we all remember for years to come. But I do, I would agree with you with this gift that I think that it is a, a, a fight for third place, third, fourth and fifth place. I think is where the real action is going to be. Um, I think this is the list here. Yes, I got the one. Yeah, I guess what I'm saying is it's not deep. It doesn't seem deep to me where it's like, it's a toss up. This is going to be like, you know, a battle. And but you know, again, listen, I admit you guys said it in an I admit it. I don't follow those top two shows like I used to. I did. You know, I admit it. I just don't. Well, I'll say this is because typically the Arnold classic is only like a 10 or 12 man lineup. So it's not like you limp. It's not like, you know, some of those bigger shows. So I really think we're going to see a lot of quality in the top six seven. And you know, let's say, you know, I have hotty and Samson and Ron, one and two. I can't tell you who, you know, right. That's the tough one is what's going to be next. That third place finisher. That's where it's this is so freaking wide open. Because I feel like I can't even tell man. And this is something I've gone to the Arnold for like over a decade now, right? And in it's so many times it's like, oh, well, here is your top five, right? After first and second, which I still don't even know for sure what's going to happen there, which you know, and I talked to Ron and Dusty about this too. Now, I don't know if they're going to give Samson any kind of like credit for having won last year. You know, in a moment. I hope not. Yeah, I don't think they are. You know, so I don't think we have to worry about we could call that politics possibly. I don't think we have to worry about those politics. And if there were politics, how we've got a Mr. a very recent Mr. Olympia on stage, right? Nobody else in this lineup has done that. But after that, what the hell is going to happen? You know what I mean? It's really hard to nail down, but you know, I mean, just going off names and we haven't seen him much lately, but Rafael is next on that list. So he's he growing a lot because a couple of people have been saying, Ralph, and I loved Ralph. And I'm going to be the first one to tell you, I haven't followed him close enough. My main impression of him was like four or five years ago at the Arnold. And he looked impeccable, but like a smaller version of a bodybuilder compared to everybody else on stage has he, has he brought that up? I mean, I guess we'll find out. Yeah. I mean, yeah, he competed. I think it was early last year. And I don't think we've seen him since. But you know, but I think in a no particular order, I think three, four, five, six. I'm looking at Rafael. I'm looking at horse MD. Yes. And honestly, I haven't heard a lot of people talking about MD, but if you look up his shots, his structure is very increasing. And he gets peeled. Like his side shots, the detail on the side of his legs is out of this world. The the only knock on him, I will say is his rear double is not as developed as his other shots. And obviously the rear double front double, most muskettos are like our power shots in open bodybuilding. So he might get a little bit hurt there. But if he's peeled out of his mind, and he's real dominant in his front double on his side shots, I think he's in that conversation. Look at this guy's get check this out. I mean, like if I could if I could look like a bodybuilder that's competing today, like he would be very high on my list. You know, they're a very good point. I was actually thinking the same thing. That's a very desirable look at the history. I was looking there. Yeah. And he's got cash. Yeah, small joints, everything is rounded out. The shape is just amazing. Additional is balanced. It's pretty pretty insane. That hamstring is absolutely nuts from the side of the sound. It's ridiculous. It's yeah, it's another word we'd like to use, but we can't use anymore. Redonculous. Redonculous. But anytime the can of a starts with re, I get really. Yeah, you got hot throughout the country. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Continue and down. I also have James Hollins said in that next group, we don't know what we're going to see. What James we're going to see because, you know, I feel like he was peaked fairly well when he worked with Phil like Phil Viz, like four years ago, five years ago. And then he worked with Patrick Tour and he always kind of came in with like a spilled flat look, like they kind of pushed things too hard and maybe missed the peak by like a day or two. He's with me low snow. So I think, you know, the the wizard, the doctor, I think you'll figure him out. I will say this though. And you guys, let me know what you think because I saw he was training. He picked his final week training to hang out with Branch Warren and train with Branch. And Branch wasn't taking it easy on him. Like this is a guy's final week of prep. They were doing this stuff you were talking about a minute ago, like the dumbbell presses and the you pussy like to me, honestly, that would be the last move I would do if that's not my style of training, especially coming over to the US, hanging with Branch Warren in that final. We try to impress him because he's a legend. Of course, you're trying to keep up with him in terms of intensity to me. I would tear both texts, both biceps, hamstrings, like every. And if not, at least don't go horseback ride with him. Yeah, I mean, of course, right? Exactly. Like, of course. Exactly. And then, you know, the next time I list that I have in that group being would be Antoine Volion. Oh, yeah. You know, I feel like, you know, we weren't as impressed with his off season, shots this year, but then, like, lately, he's like, turned it on. And he's just, he kind of similar to Samson and having that classical, like, physique kind of flow, but with open muscle. And he poses really well. So I think he's in that that that that conversation for three, four, five, six. I would probably say more that like, like, five, six, maybe seven, which would be cool. I take that for him. Yeah. And then there's some other guys, you know, that I think have the ability to be in that three, four, five, like Justin Rodriguez, but now I have just kind of missed the mark over the last couple of years. The Hobbit Shaban. We haven't seen much of him lately. He took all last year off. John Delirosa, I hear he's looking more improved than he was last year. And he want to show last year, you know, great. I don't know for a lot of people. We're in Somal. The gym is great. So I'm going to open a few years, but it's the place to be. He opened shortly after I left for West Palm and I say, I'm going to go down there, but I haven't. Well, this is going to be coming out on Friday. The beginning of the year, and if anybody is listening to this while they're while they're driving to the Arnold class, they hang out with the expo guys, I will see you there. Be sure to stop by the meat and booth. We're going to be doing podcasting all weekend long at the mutant booth. So I'll look for a minute. Next, going to be the grab as parents if you can. This is what I'm trying to have a thing. You want to do a podcast with next parents. I do. I do. And he said he's going to talk to him. And if he thinks that they might do it, but he didn't want to commit for them. Are you going to be on your best behavior with? Oh, absolutely. But I like that. I think it would be fun for the listeners too to get this. Because this parents are incredibly lively, very involved. It's a very, very close as a family. I think it's cool when I think it'll be quite entertaining. All right. Yeah. I'm down. I'm down. I'm sure the audience would love that, too. As long as you're in your best behavior, I don't want to be fair. Honestly, I'm going to be honest. I think the next mom in general would probably prefer skip not to be on his best behavior. Like, this is your right. Yeah. I really, I'm being serious. I got a lot of questions. You just just, I think they're like a very good time family. And I think like skip being himself, like they would absolutely have a right with that. And would join right in. You know, because I've seen them at the Olympia. Like, they all got the T-shirts on. And yeah. They're all like, you know. So yeah, it's these seem like a very fun family. They'd be a blast. All right. Let's get onto our topics. We've got a bunch of list or questions. And this is one that stuck out to you and Drew. And I feel like the edge could be kind of complicated. So, and this is, I'll tell you what. So here's the deal. As a coach, you have your check-ins every day that you go through and you're like, okay, yep. This is exactly what we want to see. You know, let's do this or let's do nothing, right? And those are the easy check-ins. But unfortunately, it's not always that fun, right? We run into situations like this. And this is where we actually have to figure some stuff out. So he says, hey guys, great show. Have you ever encountered someone who has been in a deficit and has struggled to lose fat? I've been in a deficit for many weeks now. I have yet to lose a damn pound of fat it seems. I started with body weight times eight. And I feel like that put me in a pretty good deficit when I'm eating beyond that for, but I've been eating beyond that for months. Any ideas on what the problem could be? I'm not sure what he means by the body weight times eight. I just figured out. I think he's meaning his body weight times eight calorie. Yeah, eight calories per pound. Okay, okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So then you don't know what the ratios are. We don't know what the macros are. And did that formula? Because it's very arbitrary, very random to me. It is. Are you actually in a deficit? You can cut from what you were taking in. For some people, you can cut four or five hundred calories and it can start to fall. Other people, you can cut eight, nine hundred calories and it cannot move. So that would be my first question. Mm-hmm. I mean, I'll tell you, I think that, you know, was a coach or when your self diagnosed and this stuff it always comes down to three different directions. Or you gotta ask yourself which direction we're going. You got three possible things, right? If things are going well, well then just keep doing what you're doing. That's easy. Right, but the next, but the next decision is, do we need to push harder or do we need to pull back? Mm-hmm. It always just comes down to that black and white to me because, well, we know we just can't keep doing what we're doing. We're just beating our head into the wall and we might be driving number tables and down even worse and we're just not getting anywhere. So, I mean, I guess what I would ask him is, what are the steps you've made since you've hit this wall? Like, and was, did you hit this wall eight weeks ago? Or did you hit this wall for the first time this week? You know, have you manipulated your cardio? Have you manipulated your supplements by adding thermogenics in? Have you looked at your non-exercise activity? Like, just your steps, you know, simple things like that. You know, because I can tell you guys like, when I used to the personal train, I was training people, you know, 10, sometimes 12 clients a day, getting 20,000 steps and was super easy. You switch to sitting in front of a computer all day. Sometimes you're like, oh, man, I got 2,000 steps and I got to get moving. Yeah. So, there is a big difference there in what you can eat and then how much cardio you have to do to compensate. So, that, you know, just looking at it from like very basic, like first line things, I guess. Then, secondarily, I'd be like, okay, are you doing anything to stimulate your metabolism? Are you doing refeeds? Are you doing sheet meals? Or are you literally just eating eight times your body weight every single day? Because, in my opinion, like the best way to make a stagnant metabolism is to eat the same thing every day without any variation, either down or up. Is it safe to say that most diets are going to have some sort of a cyclical effect? Like, you're not doing the same thing as what you're saying every day. It's very rare for somebody to go from point A to point B and literally eat the same thing day in and day out without any manipulation or variation at all. Yeah, absolutely. So, you know, just quick points, you know, have you tried to do some high carbohydrate refeeds? You know, if you're eating 200 grams of carbs a day, have you tried bumping it up to 450 for say two days and then get right back on your diet. Have you tried polling calories? You know, have you pulled your calories further? You know, and then I start to think about like the next level stuff like, okay, hormonally, are you using PEDs? Are you not using PEDs? Are you natural? And you've just literally driven your testosterone and your endocrine system into the tanks and you might need some support there. So, you just start, did you just start a cycle? Where you were on the RT and you've added growth and your weight is coming up. So your body composition would be changing and yet the scale weight may not be moving. The other thing too is, you know, taking those numbers that you provided, say it's 200 pounds and just as an arbitrary number, you're talking about 1600 calories roughly. Pretty low for a 200 pound person. So, not, you know, absurdly, let's say he's, you know, he's going to step on stage at, you know, 165 and he's 200 pounds then okay, but still it's low. There should still be if the gear is constant and the gear isn't like you didn't just start a cycle and you have that added variable there. There should be some some initial loss, even if it's just water. So, if you've gone a few weeks and you have gone to these numbers, it's likely that you're not too low because there would have been that initial drop to begin with. So, and again, this is taking the gear out of the equation, you know, as many other variables as possible. So, I'm with you. I think we had all agree, it push harder because if you push harder and it starts to fall and then you find yourself in a week or two that you're depleted, then you may be able to start to slowly bring those calories back up to defeat them atabels and it may well be stall. We don't know what you did in the off season. We don't know insulin sensitivity. We don't know if you're overtrained. We don't know any of that at this point. The other thing that just comes to my mind is we don't know if this is a male or female. Good point. Because I just look, I just tried to look at the name on the, and it's, you know, like a atmonicard, like you, you never could tell some of these things, you know, it's like at the, these something. So, yeah, yeah, you know, if it's a female and eating 600 calories a day and let's say she's 140 pounds and wants to get down to somewhere in the 120s, yeah, then definitely the first move is pull, right? I mean, it's, it's, it's, but I'm with skip if you're a 200 pound male and you're eating 1600 calories and you're stalled out already. Something, maybe the 1600, what you think is 1600 calories is actually more like 3000 calories. You can actually do the math or you need to backstip a little bit and maybe reverse diet and then try again. Because in, in no coach ever wants to admit this that they sometimes can't get people into shape the first time around. But how many times have you had people aware you get them going? They hit a wall and you're like, oh, this is actually going to take twice as long as we thought. And you have to explain to them, okay, now we need to actually reverse diet for a little while. Build your calories back up, get your metabolism healthy again and then attack this thing again. And no, no client wants to hear that. They're like, what do you mean? I thought you'd get me, you know, in decent shape within three or four months. But you know, that's how the body works sometimes. You know, we can't, we can't, we can't shortcut that. It takes as long as it takes, you know? Yeah. All right, yeah, I'm with that. And I think the, the hormone thing, you know, get your hormones checked or what's going on with Astrogen? Did you like skip said, like did you just start a cycle? And one of the things I've been seeing too is that I've been seeing people shining any type of Astrogen control. And I think that you can get away with like super, super high Astrogen and continue to grow muscle. I don't think that that's as much of a problem. But I think it can be an issue that if your Astrogens like going in triple digits and you're trying to lose fat, I don't think that that's going to be your benefit. Let me add, let me add a counter to that, too. Like if you've driven your estrogen to like the, like the, the tens of lower. Yeah. That can also impair your fat loss. Yeah. So, so I agree with you. The, the checking your hormones, you know, uh, endocrine system as well as thyroid, I think is definitely yes. And that you need to do, you know. And I want to piggyback off that to say that I don't think and have changed my perspective on this over the years. If you go back 12 years ago, 2010, 2012, I would have wanted that, uh, one of the estrogen lower. And I look more at the ratio now of what you're taking versus and what's going to romanticize versus the estrogen level instead of saying, oh my god, it's, you know, 110. If you're on, you know, your blood levels are off the charts. That's not so bad. If your blood levels are at TRT and you're 110, then that's a little different story. I agree. That's it. We've got here. How about, um, I'm going to throw this one in just because it's fun. Actually, you know what, I'll save that because we're doing that out of other show. We're talking about training. So that'd be a good one. We had a couple of questions that were about, um, uh, about doing two with days. And let me see if I can find one of them. I'll just throw this one up first. They're kind of, we've got two questions about it. This guy says, what are your thoughts on working out twice a day? He says, I have plenty of free time and a nice week, nicely equipped home gym. We'll start with that when I guess. I want to say that first, no one should base their training frequency on the amount of free time that they have. Oh, my love it. Just love that. It's so you can tell where I'm going with the answer. And and we've covered this several times before, but there's a very, very few number of people that can grow if not just survive to a day training. All right. You know, you only have so much recovery ability. And it's hard enough to say, you know, train five days a week with super intensity. So now you're talking about possibly increasing that to 10 training. You're fit in 10 training days into into into a week, basically, of seven days. Um, I just think you're going to interfere with your recovery. You're going to interfere with your muscle protein synthesis. And um, you're going to leave yourself down the road to lack of gains and injuries if not anything. So it's all just leave it with that. Yeah, it's a recovery issue. It's parasympathetic versus sympathetic. I just think it's a bad idea. If you're Kevin the Vrony and you start training chest twice a day in the 90s and you grow, then more power to Kevin the Vrony. Uh, I don't know how he did it either, but I'm not a gifted, you know, I don't have that gifted predisposition. I've tried it. I tried it back in the day. I tried it back in the early 2000s and it didn't take long before things started hurting. My motivation to train went down because if you train twice a day, you're already look. You're already focused on your meals, your prep of everything. It's a very, especially if someone's new to it. You may like it at first, but it becomes a very arduous, very, um, not laborious, but just this anxiety, riddled thing of all I got to eat. Oh, I got to do this. Oh, I got to do it. You just, you just complicated what should be kept as simple as possible. Now your entire day has to do with timing around two workouts instead of one. I don't see any benefit. You may even if you're gifted, here's the argument. I would go it. Even if you're gifted and you grow, you're growing and you're gifted. I don't, like how fast do you need to get to the finish line? Just keep growing and be happy that you're gifted and you're going to grow faster than everybody else. I don't see it almost ever working. I have a client that has trained back twice a day and it actually has helped. My question, though, with the process was would that back growth have been there anyway changing a few other different variables versus training at twice a day? And there came a point where after doing that for a few months, I don't know that it was as beneficial because then again, the things we talked about, there were recovery, beating yourself down twice a day. You only have so much recovery building. That's, that's it. Yeah, you really do. And I think that, you know what, I'll just talk about like more volume in general. I think that when when we first start body building and we first start making progress, then we see that one body part that we say, hey, you know, my back gets not growing as well as everything else. And so our first thought is that, hey, well, what if I did more volume? What if I did another back day or, you know, whatever? What if I trained back twice two times, you know, today instead of months? My thought is been nowadays that let's look at the reasons that your back wasn't growing to begin with, you know? And if we can look at, like, how to improve that technique and how to get instead of trying to think about how can I do more? My question is, is like, how can you get more out of what you're doing? And ideally, maybe even get more out of less. I think that I can, and I can't remember skip the, I can't remember the way you put it just now. But I, at one point, I trained seven days a week, okay? And I knew at that point in my life, like, this is not going to be good for me. I'm, it's not going to benefit my body building, but I like I just don't want to go home, you know? I'm going to go, yeah, seven days a week. And that's just what I'm going to do for a while. In like, a good ways into that, did it for a few months? A good ways into that, man? That's all right. Good ways into that. I literally felt like I was punching a clock. I'd get done with work. I'd go get my gym close on, I'd go to the gym. Damn well, could it just been like punched a clock? And now I'm doing cable extensions, and now I'm doing this, you know? It's like it, it really was, I got less out of it, you know? I got less out of each workout. Yeah. I got a better answer for the guy than train twice a day, train once a day, and find something to provide a revenue stream, build a business. There you go. Do something kind of side hustle. How about like personal train people with your awesome home gym? How about that? I would almost tell people to do something non-body building related. As someone that's meant my whole life in gyms and also coaches people, I love everything I do. But there is sometimes where it's like, I don't want to go to the fucking friggin gym after talking about the gym and the programs for the gym and talking diets about the gym. You know what I'm saying? So if someone's, you know, I'll just leave it at that, because sometimes there's like too much of a good thing. Absolutely. I've said it on a how many times in my wife's so glad I've come to this. I don't want to go out on the weekend with people who are body builders because I don't want to talk about nutrition and train. I want to talk about anything other than not because I don't enjoy it, but because that's how I make my living. It almost seems all consuming. So I want to go out and talk to people who are not normal, but for lack of a better word, have different interests. Yeah. Away from stuff. Skip just wants to be the big guy at the table. Yeah. My friends, it's like the woman who picks just fat ugly friends. So she can be the hot one in the picture. You know, he's both shut up. I'm not good. All right. So let's see if this one has anything different to it. He said it thoughts on two-way day training in prop instead of cardio, two cardio session, cardio slash two cardio sessions. Stand after being used to be a huge advocate at back in the 2000s. And so I asked for a little more clarification and he said instead of strength training and one or two cardio sessions, how about two sessions of training sessions with only one cardio session if any. His reasoning from stand-offering was that why burn calories with a catabolic activity like cardio instead of two a day and a ballacang activity with weight lifting. Well, tell you what, it's a decent point. Yeah. It is a little bit. It leads him how he's presenting it. And I'm not saying stand-offering is wrong because stands obviously very intelligent. He does, I've gone to some of his talks and stuff and he's very entertaining too. He's someone that like you know is walk the walk, you know. But I think what he's failing to maybe explain or point out or bring up or think about is that at some point training is catabolic too. So you can't just say that training is all just an anabolic activity, right? Because otherwise why don't we do four hour workouts? Why don't we train as much as we possibly can? Why don't we train three times a day, six days a week? You know what I mean? So I think, yeah, I'll just leave it at that. I think it's a little, it's a little bit of a short-sighted answer I guess. I do like that he pulls away the importance or a little bit of significance from cardio because I'm just over the years I have really come to understand that in my opinion based on my experience. I find that cardio is overrated for getting lean. I'm not saying it won't get you lean and I'm not saying that it's not necessary but I also think that people jump to these big amounts of cardio like well you know I got to do two hours a day of cardio and everybody can do that and give it. I don't think that that's the best approach. I think it also plays into recovery. It also plays into your CNS. It plays into a ton of shit and before you know it you have senior blocks on your feet because you're doing a ton of cardio and I also think and I think that this might be where Stan is going to is and I agree with you about the recovery. You can only fill a glass you know to the top. You can't fill it past the top. So there is still then I think we lose sight of this and body but there's still a metabolic impact from weight training. As an example if you train volume for two hours versus training DC for 40 minutes or 45 minutes there is a different caloric you know caloric intake mess messers or there's more of a demand on the metabolism for training longer periods of time than there is for these very very short training sessions in my opinion and I've seen it with clients not everybody not straight across the board but I don't want to say I want to go so far as to say that high volume training is like cardio because I don't that either but I do think it has more of a metabolic impact if you train for two hours versus if you train for 40 minutes even with the intensity higher. Now it could be on mute and I'm using DC because everyone's familiar with DC I do suppose that if you went in for 45 minutes and we literally didn't put down weights and you did giant sets and and you're going to be a mellow type of thing you're probably going to walk out pretty difficult I think that's a little bit different story but I think there's a difference between different styles of training and there's looking off into the egg what do you think? It's because I'm sitting here and I'm thinking back to like my DC squat sets and like just how much I would equate it to hit cardio whereas I would really more volume training to more like steady state cardio to use in the water. I think I would get it because like some of these hacksquad and leg press and draw and squat we don't make her sets like I thought I flatlined. Yeah you know what I'm doing for 40 minutes though either right? I mean your sessions were still going longer. My sessions were probably when I was like don't take real the program and I folded to a T and I would say with the warmups and everything I was in and out in an hour so actual training was probably 45 to 50 minutes tops. Yeah because it's okay. Were you prepping or wanting to get lean at the same time? No it was just a little bit difficult to do I know some people do that I can't do that because I can't recover from that. So I guess I'm equating the question more because he was involving cardio and maybe I maybe I shouldn't because I maybe just assuming that this is what he means but I'm assuming it's either in a cut phase or to get leaner so I don't know then you would talk then you could argue that the long volume sessions are going to tap recovery just as much or as the shorter duration higher intensity. The both can is that they're going to both potentially fry your CNS which is another rabbit hole we need to go down as far as recovery during prep when your calories are restricted. Everybody wants to train their ass off myself included when we're prepping and yet your recovery is arguably more compromised than it ever was in the offseason but that's a different topic for still. That would be a great topic because is it our compromise and in on paper I would say absolutely it is but in reality when you're in that groove of a prep and your meals are exactly the same time every day and your supplements are taken every day and you're going to bed at 930 and you're sleeping until 730. I almost feel like because you're in such a groove and you know exactly what to expect sure you get beat up but I almost feel like your recovery is almost the same or better in a sense. You know it's funny I find it to be sporadic. Yeah almost entirely random you know just in response to what you're saying so I don't disagree but I think consistently over the it almost seems to be like this it's like one week you'll just be like off-season like oh my god I feel yeah stronger I feel great and the next week you just absolutely destroyed you're like oh my god I need to reload and I've only been biocic for two or three weeks. Well because let me let me just suppose that with the the offseason when you're at your near heaviest and you wake up in the morning and you don't feel recovered at all and you're like I'm eating a ridiculous number calories I'm training four maybe five days a week like I'm doing next to no cardio like shouldn't I be so recovered it and I feel sluggish yeah yeah so I'm in another you feel so sluggish and bloated and you're like man I but I'm not feeling any faster recovery from saying my leg workouts for my yeah and it's not necessarily because I'm training harder because if you look at the weights being used you know from one season to the next they're about the same you know maybe I lose a repertoire and the in the pre-contest phase but the weights are pretty close to to what I would hit in the same in the same offseason so it's just one of these things it's like you can't scientifically explain it exactly but if you if people that are listening know what I'm talking about because they've been in the groove and they they felt that like on your body is like doing everything more effectively and like you're not mistaken you're not missing any meals you're getting all that sleep and I think you said it those god everything is effectively inefficient and and and and skip always brings up this point that yeah your sleep is hurting in in in a prep you you find yourself getting four and a half five maybe six hours of sleep towards the end but it is more efficiently right you know what I mean and I think because when you said effective it made me think of efficiency and I think your body becomes more efficient at all those I think so too I just gotta tell you which begs the question this if you're in prep you tend to have weeks out you know you need a day off logically you know you need it you can take it of course not not many people are gonna take it they're gonna be like black and white I need to try I need a push-through and that's where you have to be able to read and it's difficult because even as a look even as a coach I'll admit if you're not feeling it if you know matter fact I'm not feeling I'm running down and I'm running to the ground how many clients you can tell you I they're basically saying I'm pushing out they're gonna kind of keep themselves and they're gonna think oh it's prep I gotta push through I gotta get this done I think what I'm saying is we lean more towards continuing with that rigid very high structure of I need to train today versus if we were to play it and we were to play it without our emotions and just the feedback from our body we would take that day maybe even too to be able to recover and then that would be optimal but again I guess that's what I'm talking about when it comes back to recovery it is absolutely individual we can all agree on that you know that there's so many variables and I think that's why it's difficult to approach in my opinion difficult to approach training from a scientific standpoint with studies because there are so many variables involved the list is so long that how do you control all those variables it's tight it's tough one I just did a like an hour-long talk with Cuba about the topic of basically adjusting your training around your basically your your nutrition around your fuel your fuel level it is interesting because we go all the way through his off season into what he's calling like his like health phase recovery phase and then into the prep and he was saying what he does is he'll remove things like it's he calls him like set extensions so drop sets rest pause stuff like that he feels like he wants to get rid of those things but he's still gonna of course like go as heavy as he absolutely can in the exercises that he's doing and then the next stage would be maybe removing some set but if you remove set say in a push day he's not touching anything to do with any of that like compound chest work it's gonna come from like shoulders from triceps which that makes sense to me you know going on so on that route and then he's still able to hit it as hard as he needs to for that that mean you know compound meat and potato stuff yeah when you said something that's very very important and we've said this before and it maybe it's been a while but the main difference to me between the off season and prep when you relate diet to training is you can change your nutrition to fit your training in the off season uh in the prep you better be ready to change your training to fit your nutrition yeah because the goal is just literally completely different and I think if people approached it that way and I know it's an over simplification but it's a really good rule to live by when you transition from off season to well both off season to prep or prep to off season you can you need to switch the focus there the whether you're feeding and not gonna reiterate it already said it twice all right good enough good enough um let's let's take this one here this is from Patreon so all right would you ever advise cutting growth while on TRT because growth in antibiotics function better together for instance to make the most out of your out of what you have and to cut expenses so he's saying maybe like while you're in cycle turn the growth up and then to save money dial it back during like a TRT face I'm gonna say my pain with the growth is the only factor determining when and how much you take it is your wallet yes and no it's been set a many times and it's almost very cliche but there's just so much so much truth well okay so that they like for people that maybe don't understand like they work from entirely different mechanisms it's it's not a growth home it was not an energy and it doesn't hit the energy and receptor so I guess why not keep it as high as you possibly can unless you have blood sugar issues or some yeah yeah heart cart some cardio pulmonary issues that are you know kidneys and whatnot that are that are being affected why wouldn't you keep another growth factor in there as high as you possibly could especially when you're using less antigens right I mean yeah to answer I would I would keep your growth up but we keep it high and I would keep it plenty full yep and let me just throw in just a little ad for you guys because I'm curious what you think you can only pick one phase to use growth hormone you like God came down and said you can you can I'll give you as much Sarah Stim is you want especially if you like that he's you know he's a giving he's a giving it so but you can only use it during the off season or you can only use it during what you got without you that cruel God he has very weird sense of humor I would use it during a prep phase and I would die it for the rest of my life yeah I was a try to be funny the correct answer yes all right how about this one another one from patreon from Nick he says question for bsg now okay we're going to talk about a medication for ADHD I'm not going to say the name of that medication for the sake of YouTube how would you implement or this implement cycles for competitors on prescription medications like ADHD meds as ma meds blood pressure meds SSRIs etc both men and women I asked specifically because my wife has recently been prescribed in ADHD medication but she but I feel like it could be an interesting topic well first off you should not be even thinking about taking your wife's medication very yeah you don't even have to worry about this Nick this isn't even a problem so we is you asking how to utilize ADHD medications I think I think you say in like hey if you have it I think you say if you have a client that's using say medications or they're on an SSRI how do you cope them when it comes to let's say adding PEDs do you take that into consideration like what if that were the case and then we're like hey what let's we want around clan you know after your time yeah I got you all right so first thing I'll do is I'll look up and see if there's any contraindications which I mean there shouldn't be because it's typically PEDs are not very well researched in combination with sRIs or SSRIs or some of these other compounds but it's still good to do your due diligence and look it up you know I came over the exact website it's like drugbank something dot com and you can see like every known contraindication for using two different substances or three different substances and what side effects could emerge but with that you know beyond that it's it's kind of like well it's prescribed by their doctor and I would say a doctor super seeds they're online coach telling them what to do or what not to do and most situations now I will say there isn't an example of say acutane because acutane is very hepatoxic right and let's say so and so it doesn't want to stop using their their PED cycles and some of it might involve some other orals as well what I've done several times has have them cut their acutane cycle in half or cut the dosage in half and they still got the same benefits that they would at the higher dosage from from previous experience is using and I think that that helped cut down in some of the liver toxicity that we might have experienced with using you know polypharmacy of say you know an oral based androgen as well as the acutane that makes sense I got one I got one and we're thinking in a different direction the SSR I think that if somebody were on an SSR I you know it it really just in general if I'm working with somebody and I have any kind of their suspect that maybe they have some mood stuff going on I might not be like hey let's throw Deca into the mix you know I feel like I've seen a lot of people that hit and it's interesting because Dave Crossle was recently saying he's like I don't think that we used to talk about it 10 20 years ago about the mood things that can arise with Deca but I remember a few years back on Instagram stories somebody said hey every time I take Deca I get really jealous of my girlfriend like of other guys and stuff she was like I normally not a jealous person but it's a legit thing I get that way and why is that and I I kind of laughed at it I was like that's crazy Deca causing jealousy but then guess what like a dozen people respond and they're like oh yeah I totally get what he means I've gotten weird like weird emotional stuff taking Deca so it's out there and and for that reason then and then also too I've seen a few clients that maybe weren't doing really good and maybe even that like one guy I'm can think enough that I might even listen to the show I'm not getting a call here let me turn this off. Oh, it's not a call came in. I one guy he make this really quick. We started NPP even and he started he started like losing interest in bodybuilding and before you know it it's like he started to like just change and like his responses and his check-ins were getting like just like off something was off and I could send something something was offer a few weeks and finally I was like hey man what do you say we take a break from this because it was like coming to a head I was like why don't you say we take a break for this MPP and let that clear and he did in everything got better so I just want to be careful if somebody has something you know mood-wise with nineteen doors that's all that would make sense yeah doesn't to me I gone record and said yeah I was surprised man but like someone has people reached out to me and they're like hey I get it and that's the thing I don't dismiss whether it be a client or anybody else you know listen to the show or anything else if they feel that there is a connection between a specific mood whether it be jealousy or anything else here's the issue that I have and this is just me thinking off the top man I understand that there's individual issues I understand that people react to you know drugs differently I get that but I will say first off I mean I I've taken a lot of shit for a long time in different combinations I'd go so far to say more than most for a duration like for a very long period of time I and just because I haven't witnessed that doesn't mean that it's not possible what I am saying is this it's going back to what we were talking about with the training and stuff I'm a variables guy I don't know how to me it seems that it's more likely that it's correlative versus causative that's just me saying that without experiencing that myself jealousy is a very broad thing motivation comes and goes I would argue that it's correlative until I were to actually see it play out and hear more feedback from it to where I saw that there may be more of a pattern I'm not saying it doesn't exist I'm saying I'm finding it difficult to believe that it's causative are you familiar with deck as effect I'm dopamine yeah absolutely so then I would even come back to what other compounds are with it are you only running that we we just literally came out of about what 10 year phase of deck I only cycle not just came out of it right so you but you know what I mean so or trend only cycle are things that to people like us seem like why are you experimenting with these things that are not to someone who's been around long time more balanced more logical so I don't know what else they're using in there I would even question where was your jealousy level before that but that was my thought but it's not you weren't jealous now all of a sudden you are over you a little bit jealous that was my thought those skip but what about like just general insecurities lower related to lower mood and and everything related to think about like if you're if you're not getting as much out of your dopamine your sense of well being is going down so you're not able to get as much pleasure out of life or out of the thing I should do so even without any other drugs involved maybe somebody if so already got like a little bit of an imbalance or a lot of an imbalance going on I could see how it could you know it could take somebody further I've just seen it enough times now because like I said man we should just matter a fact what we do this guys if you've had any issues with deck of comment below you know what I mean let's talk about it I want to hear that's why I say I'm not saying that it's not possible and I want to be very very clear on that because okay yeah the tube is YouTube is notorious for you know I'll get bashed in the comments I guess that's why I almost didn't say anything and I'm like you know what I'm gonna say it because I'm being honest I just feel that it's more correlative and I don't see that it's causative yet I more than willing to hear more experiences on it trained a lot of people I have not had a lot of feed much hardly any feedback on mood related things like that related to uh I just haven't and that's twenty plus years so that's a lot of it's much asperes with you but I will say this is when we can completely disagree is that's cool and please understand too because I'm trying to pull away from this at a bad experience with a client and I ended up that we had two part ways it was more of a rapport issue type of thing certainly a great guy but it wasn't it just wasn't a good fit and I did use and I was my wife who told me she goes you you just you can't do that because you know sometimes my problems I don't talk to my wife you know client issues is a you can't let people think that or them get the perception that you have all the answers because you've done what you do for so long okay so I've been trying to pull back on that because and it's funny it's a kind of a double-edged sword because you want to point out this is my experience over a long period of time but you don't want to give the the implication of the perception that that's why you are right yeah well it's a balancing act it's difficult it's so I have I'm trying to make a conscious effort to not focus on giving that that perception because it's certainly not my intent I'm just trying to say trust the process and understand that I've seen this seen so many different things a thousand different ways trust the process versus their perception is I'm right I don't want to hear you do it this way because this is what I'm telling you to do yeah I'll tell you what I'm going to get back to the bodybuilding part of it that it like in clients I would say that just gear in general with somebody who's using your SSRIs could be something you know what I mean yeah yeah could be but we were talking specifically the one compound and that's where I was like I don't know but again I'll leave it at that because I'm not let's say I don't let's let me open it up again let me open it up again I'm not a fan of SSRIs I think they caused my harm the good and I felt they did my own life honestly when I used them you felt that they did cause more harm yeah yeah I did but at the same time man if I have a client that's using them I have to let them I can't tell you that you know what I mean no I'll be back because you're trainers of the gym yeah yeah yeah my bodybuilding which in of course any of those is going to 30 yeah well of course any doctor when they think of like my trainer my online coach they think of like someone with a clipboard in the gym who has no education in the same way that you know what that we probably do but no I just I see a lot more harm the good with the SSRIs I see a lot of interaction or a lot of um issues with getting into shape I see a lot of issues with I would say their their sanity I think um another other realms I guess regardless of PED use or not so when asked about if I think that they should continue with them I kind of err on the side like you did Scott where I said well your doctor has you prescribed on those but in my opinion I would be using those or I would use the lowest dose I possibly could and then try to do that myself off of it and try to work more on skills in coping and lifestyle factors that can help me maintain um you know yeah I just never know where people are at too you know I have a guy who may even listen to the show that we worked together he did like this freaking awesome job and he was using an SSRI and now he's kind of he's he's we stopped working together he did really good and competed and and and after the show like did really good and stuff rebounded and everything still looks freaking great but like his interested body building he's like trying to adjust medications and all it's like there's a lot to that I hate to see you know what I hate seeing somebody suffer with that stuff but like at the same time I'm like oh I don't know what he's been through I don't know what's going on in his head you know what I mean so I can't tell him like oh you should you know I can only say lots work for me you know I'm also coming from a kick like I don't trust anything and yeah I do a lot of reading and lately I've been on a kick about the pharmaceutical industry and just like the number of drugs that we have in our country that are proof for use where the reason why they're proof for use is because the trials were done in places like Africa where they don't have the like they don't count the same what you call like mortality factors they don't count the negatives the same way we do but but on the paper sheet over an Africa I'll say like next to no adverse reactions because their things don't count as adverse reactions as they would over here and then they could pass it on the FDA and say nope there's next to no adverse reactions and then people start using these things and we wonder why people do crazy stuff like you know bring firearms and the schools and shoot up schools or you know what I'm saying I'm taking it to the extreme but I'm saying like you know every one of those cases someone was on heavy medications yeah all right see what else we got here a fun question how about a fun question do we have anything fun oh we had one about our training that somebody come forget my word in the day oh yeah we can't in fact I screencapped that guy who said that he liked it somebody was asking us I can't see what it is but he said what are your guys' training looking like lately oh I'll start so me and later on a split where so it will do like legs push pull basically like like the first day yeah right nice like pretty deep it pretty advanced right now but like the first day the first leg day will be a quad base day okay like you know like extensions I should I won't go over all exercises but then the second day will be more of a hamstring day with a couple quad exercises thrown in how many days a week five days a week usually works out you so yeah I'm taking Wednesdays and Wednesdays and Sundays off right now so are you I just like I was going to say I just got back down here so I'm getting in the groove again this is my second week training I'm starting to like feel good have some of the go juice in me so I'm really starting to feel good and he's coming off of the cruise and getting ready for his prep so yeah like I think we're going to have a really good really good next couple months for training I want to do a video with him yeah I want to do a video with Nate about like how did you grow your legs just period just a one on one Nate likes to tell us about it really dequius they are did we say Re and I said Re anybody correcting me in the comments I'm very clear that it's spelled R.I. and that R.E. Oh because I made that reference earlier and I am certain that Andrew knows the same thing so save your comment skip what what to save our training for another time because we have a guest as joining us in the green room oh but real quick though uh what's our word of the day lithological no idea let me let me let me let's go lithological okay you ever you're ever in a conversation and you go to use a word and you can't remember the word and then you kind of start to obsess on it and you're like what I'm looking for that with that's lithological you can't find the word that explains do you want to use it explains what you're they get an I know I don't like it's so mad and then what happens five minutes later after the conversation is over like that was the word great that's why I'm so much better at writing writing and sounding intelligent in our articulate than I am speaking you don't deal with lithological when you're writing right or at least if I do I have the time to be able to find that word all right well we appreciate everybody tuning in thanks for watching um for the people in the livestream we're going to record another show and of course to check out the teams gift.com if you want to reach out to skip for coaching you can go to bodybarry.com to reach out to Andrew uh McNally diets at gmail.com hit me up after the Arnold and hopefully I'll be seeing you guys at the Arnold it'll be freaking awesome weekend also let us know who do you think is gonna be actually third place we want to know who your third place furniture is for the Arnold Classic and of course check out true nutrition.com user code think supplementsouric.ca for Canadians and thank you to everybody from patreon for another episode of Blood Sweat and Gear with Coach's Skip Hill and Andrew Barry I'm Scott McNally we will see you soon