a new golden age of bodybuilding. Yeah. I was like, he's, that's a great way to put it because like we're very lucky. This is a very exciting time. Champions getting beat. Like, Dynasties not happening. Mm-hmm. Right? Like, that is, is tough. Now, it is not the same as it was. And, and, uh, I mean, who knows what's going to happen in Pittsburgh? Hey, everybody. Welcome to It's Just Bodybuilding. I'm Big Ron Partlo and, of course, I've got Dusty Handsha. And then the producer of Got McNalley. Remember to like, share, subscribe, comment, and ring the bell. I am mutant.com. Remember, I am mutant.com. Get your ice research, get your all in and everyone should get on the gear. Get on that gear. Every day, all year long. Okay, code Dusty, code Big Ron, use the codes, keep us employed. Get a deal, save money, get a delivered right to your door. You don't have to get in your car and drive anywhere. You don't have to go to put up with anybody. You know, hey, how's it going, man? What's going on? How's your badge? You don't have that conversation at the store? I don't know. Just order what you want. Yeah, it'd be great. Okay. What's going on today? Well, we are going to run through the, everyone's favorite topic right now, which is the Pittsburgh Pearl. Because we are the show coverage specialist. Everyone knows this is where he comes for shows. We're like the hitman of show coverage. No, no, no, no. You need a professional job. Number one in contest coverage. Number one in contest coverage. Let's cover first, third and fourth today. Yeah. That's at least started first. So we get to first. Yes, right. Yeah. Very key. Okay. So of course, the talk of the town, Derek Lundsford is in the town. He posted it. We are in Pittsburgh. Yes. It makes it all real. Because I'll be the first to admit. I wasn't certain the whole time. Okay. You didn't know if he'd actually show up. Yeah, like I wasn't like, I know because it was like, you know, he's going to do it. And I was like, well, we'll see. And I know there's a hundred grand online, but I, I was just curious, but Chris informed me at, uh, Feebo that what we saw at the Arnold is nowhere near. How good he is now, which is scary. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, Chris did say that he said I was in Dirk's hotel room this morning. It's completely out of hand. And that was like weeks and weeks ago, right? So let's not forget also that he's seen a lot about a hand. So for him to say that. Yeah, that's also not forget that when he says that, it often like is. Absolutely. Yeah. So yeah. Um, of course, Derek, uh, there was a photo that got released, uh, of the back double, like five weeks out from the Arnold versus five weeks out now. Yeah. And it was like obviously condition difference because he was already in shape. So it's like the glutes are like already, you know, lungs for dish. Yeah. And everything like that. So we'll see what happens with that. But do you think he's the man to beat just because he's, you know, the Arnold classic champ? I think he's the man to beat because he's the best. There you go. Okay. If he's in his best, if he's a, if he's a 90% of his best, he's the best. Yeah. So so now how do you think? So what was the battle? You removed Derek from the show. Take Derek out of the show. Like before Derek said he was entering the show. And every one of course is talking about Nick Nick Martin. Right. Good veto. Yeah. But I feel like Nick and Martin are the, are the conversation because they were close at the, uh, Olympia. And then there were one and two at which show that the Derek New York. Yeah. The Nick one last year. Yeah. That was the show they were close. That was it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I don't think I know Nick wasn't in the Olympic. Yeah. He did, they were close and a lot of people even thought, I mean, I know that Dave said last week that he actually thought Martin won New York. He did. He didn't. Yeah. So and we've all seen, and then from New York to the Olympia, Martin made drastic improvements and has made even more than that sense the Olympia, which makes that show down very exciting. Yeah. And then it's going to be a killer show. I think, um, obviously they got the 100 grand prize money, but also as it's like, you know, because I've got some experience with promoting shows. This is going to buy far be their highest selling live stream. Yeah. They've ever done it from this show. Like this is going to be crazy because, uh, I mean, like, like, normally I wouldn't get up in the morning and pay for the live stream to watch Pittsburgh pro. Yeah. And are they doing a free live stream? Or are you paying, you got pay for it? I bet you have a paid for it. I was just seeing our live stream. I just wanted to find out if they did the free one, right? Yeah. I'll find out. Yeah. But if it is pay, you should pay because it'll be worth it. Yeah, because normally, you know, if you just sit on Instagram while you're eating breakfast, you'll catch pre judging because I'm out west, right? Yeah. So by the time I'm eating breakfast, pre judging's like, I'm getting all the, you know, the 4K videos coming through. But this will be worth getting up early and, um, and watching the pre judging because it's going to be mental. Do we have a full competitors list got? Okay, throw that up. Yeah. Throw it up. Yeah. It's on our chat. And the text. I said yesterday. Yeah. I think that that, you know, if we do have Derek taking first, if that does happen, I want to see how both Nick and Martin push him. And then we can't forget, uh, and of course, good video. I want to see how he fits into all of that. And I want to see how Crezo fits into all of that because Crezo's looking freaking crazy. VJ, I think, told me that I think Crezo might have had, I know Nick had an update picture. You said right, Dusty. Yeah. And good video had update pictures. I'll grab those in just a minute. Um, but, uh, I was from what I hear what, uh, VJ tells me that, uh, the insiders that are seeing Martin's pictures are saying that Martin is off the hook right now. So yeah. And I have to give, uh, Crezo credit because I've got a good friend of mine. He, he doesn't follow bodybuilding the way we do like contest playsings and the intricacies, but he's a big fan and a bodybuilder himself. And he, he keeps sending me clips of Crezo and he's like, yeah, this guy looks insane in the gym. How could this, this looks like a, this looks like the type of guy that no one could stand. Like what is going on. Have you seen this guy in real life? I'm like, he's pretty crazy. Right. But it's actually not small. It just looks small. Right. Yeah. He's got this, this, this look. What he's doing the one on a video of him doing the one arm row. Oh, yeah. Yeah. You're just like, oh, god. It's, it's hard to imagine that that physique doesn't like just stop everyone all the time. You know, like if you were to take that look and go back and time, like it would just people's heads would pop off. He looks like AI, like if you were to tell me, like if you asked AI, like make a really crazy as hard to be a. European looking bodybuilder this. Yeah. Just with like off-avocial, blunky conditioning, but like way bigger. Yeah. And remember, Pevell, and make it look impossible, like something you really couldn't do in real life. I feel like you would get crazy. That's what it would pop out for us. Yeah. It's in my as my buddy says, he's got the dumbest arms I've ever seen. Those are nuts. Yeah. And he met that as a compliment, right? Yes. Everything negative is a compliment and bodybuilding. Yeah. Yeah. Disgusting. Thank you. Yes. Yeah. I'm definitely excited to see that I, like, I can't help it because I know all the guys. And I really want to see Nick. I don't get where he lands, but this, it was fun. I was telling Nicky the other day, I pull up a picture of him that he had posted. And I go into the comments of people like he should retire. Somebody still, are they still, is there people still saying that? Oh, yeah. And the thing, I'm like, OK, let's, let's just say you're correct. And he's not going to win the Olympia. So you're saying that anyone who can't win the Olympia should quit because he's definitely top five on the planet. Top eight at the very worst if he was off. That means you should quit. That's like out of all the bodybuilders that are doing bodybuilding everywhere in every gym in every city around the entire world. It's not my every stage. Yeah. So basically, if you can't beat Derek Lunsford, then you should quit bodybuilding. But now we're back to the days where Sergio shows up all by himself. Yeah. Is that progression? That's what you think about. You know what I mean? Mind blowing to me. And it does appear based on the pictures his waist is way down. That back lats spread taper looks like almost like he had surgery. And it's like, I don't arms look bigger because of it. Yeah. Slide to the, the lats spread shot. All right. There we go. Legs look, the sweep looks bigger. Yeah. You know, in those it can actually look at a photo and see shadows can see where his waist actually is. I mean, if that's retirement, then the rest of us should have never started. Yeah. I can't play football. Yeah. Yeah. Mind blowing to me. So we know it's going to be him, Martin. You know, the, the, the, the four we said all in the top group. My big question is good veto based on the photo that he posted front of a bicep. If he can land on stage and look like that, I don't know how that stands if you want to pull that up Scott. I don't know how that stands next to everyone else because it looks completely cartoonish. Oh, yeah. He doesn't look real to me. I mean, and I know that we've seen him leading the shows before. It's had that effect, but like, what that is just naughty. Yeah. He's got like a real hyper muscular look. Yeah. But he's a mass monster, but where's the waist? Why is it, and why is he vacuuming in on that shot? Like how the hell do you do that? You know, and then we're sitting here saying that can't win his mind bubbling. Yeah. You know, you can say he's insane. And then also, too, the fact that we haven't mentioned Bonak yet, who is one of those guys that I will admit we sometimes don't mention and then he comes in and beats half the guys we talked about. And we're like, oh, yeah, Bonak, two-time Arnold classic winner, duh, and then bring him up. Here's a bomb because you know how it is. You know how it is. You got to stand on stage and line up against everyone and things all of a sudden change. We go through this every show and everyone goes through this every show, right? Everyone makes their predictions and then there's that one guy that like, oh yeah, yeah, Synazista and the lineup he was three places higher than I had him. And you think about Martin of the Olympia? Like if you just seen Martin when he walked out alone at the Olympia, you weren't thinking top five. Right. I was sick and man he looks insane, but he's like one of the smaller guys. Yeah. And then you're sitting your head, right? Yeah. You start seeing next to each other and you're like, wait, why do my eyes keep pulling to him? Why did I think he was a smaller guy? Just kidding. Right. He's less. Yeah. And then I was sending he's like, oh my god, he's going to, he's going to place in the top five. Like you just got everything go shot. I was like, what the fuck. So, but that's one of the things I love the most. Like bodybuilding's boring when it's totally predictable. Yeah. It's those moments that make a show exciting, right? That was one of the things that made the Olympia super exciting was like, yes, I'm in one that was awesome. Like Sam's such a great guy wins. Really great top three and all that. But then one of the talks of the show was Jesus Martin. Yeah. You know, Martin shows up in like boom, boom, boom, just like topples a bunch of guys and bam, right in there. You know, and that final call out and all that stuff that happened. And that's when, you know, that's when bodybuilding gets really exciting. And I would love to see something like that happen at this show. Like, I want, you know, obviously everyone thinks, you know, Derek, Derek's hard to beat. But there's a lot of exciting shit that can go down like between the first call out and the last call out of the finals when they do that confirmation call out. There's a lot of guys that could get like, bump, bump, bump, bump. And there's no promises just because we think Derek is, you know, potentially going to be the best he's got the track record. You know, he's done so well. It doesn't mean that he's going to do it. You know, he could eat some Lacex fish and have a bad show. Yeah. I was wrong coach. Wrong coach for that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Nobody, do you think about those as same like coach when you rewind time when, when, when Gunter took fifth at the Olympia. That was a highlighted whole show. He was whoever went talked about. He took fifth. Yeah. He was the one that everyone was like, whoa, what? And then same thing. I mean, you know, last year at the classic bumps and wins, you expected that. But I would say half of the conversation if not more was Mike the bad ass. Like, yeah, where did you come from? Yeah. And why weren't we talking about you leading the show? And the fact that Chris, for the first time out of all of his wins, wasn't straight first. Yeah. And everyone knew it. They were like, holy shit. Mike, when I couple poses there, that was nuts. Yep. That was, that was, it's so fun. And, and I love it when bodybuilding is fun. Because I'll admit, old, grizzled, jaded. I've got to beat up heart gentlemen. Years in the game. And I don't mean my heart's healthy. I just, very, it's really that. Figuratively. Figuratively. And it's super fun when you get that little kid feeling again, like you're watching something new and exciting happen. And I'm glad that like, when Dave said on the show last week, that he thought we were going through a new golden age of bodybuilding. Yep. And I thought about that after that was actually one of the moments in the show I thought about afterwards when I was sitting there, having my meal. Yeah. I was like, he's, that's a great way to put it because like, we're very lucky. This is a very exciting time. Champions getting beat. Like, Dynasty's not happening. Right? Like, that shit is, is tough now. It is not the same as it was. And I mean, who knows what's going to happen in Pittsburgh? And who would have thought they'd go to Pittsburgh to see this shit? Right? Right? Because right, what was the prize money in Pittsburgh up till now? Was it like a 10 grand show? Yeah, it was. It was enough that it wasn't even the top list that people talked about. It was a tear-tooth show for the bodybuilding. It was a lot of good shows. It got one too. Someone correct me. But, and all of a sudden, it's a hundred K. And, you know, and it's right again, throw a bunch of money in people show up. Yeah. Yeah. No, I'm, I'm really excited for it. And I do hope that there's some people that shock because that, as a fan, is fun. There's two scots. That's where it's possible. Scott, it's. Are you seeing two? Because I should only have a four, we got a four square. We got a four square on Mike. I don't know. I don't really have anything. Oh, now we got, there we go. Now you can see the middle. Oh, no, I'm in the middle. Now Scott's frozen again. But he looks good frozen. Oh, there he is. There he is. He's back. But yeah, no, I'm excited for that part of, I want to see, I'm really hoping as a fan to see good veto come in like I see in the updates because I haven't seen that. But if I see the front double that we just saw on stage, I don't care where he lands. Yeah, it's awesome. And then all of a sudden, people are talking differently every time he does a show. So yeah, it'll be exciting. And all of it leads to an even better Olympia. No matter what happens, even if he goes down exactly how we say, it makes the Olympia more exciting again and like Ron said, I actually, I actually told this to a guy at the gym that day he wanted to smack me. I skipped a couple of Olympia finals that I could have went to because I was like, I know who's winning. Yeah. And I'm good. I've seen, you know, so many of them. And now I don't miss the Arnold I'm going. The Olympia I go. Like, we don't know going into the show. I mean, whoever wins the Olympia, it still means the title changed hands because in everyone eyes now that Derek beat Samson, he's the best again. So even if Samson wins the Olympia, it'll actually feel like a trade of power again, even though he's the stand up. You know, Scott, you have to stop playing your random music during the show. Yeah. I was trying to move with the song that I was trying to pull up that post that you, it's great. You guys are looking at it. I figured I was going to try, I was trying to prepare in the background. I didn't next. Sigma. Yes. Look at him go. I had to turn the music down there before we get the amount of time. I just don't want to get a trade mark. I'm not. No. No one's CCR to come after you. Right. It's the last thing you want. John Fogretty calling you up. He's in my song. Beat Nam movie's only son. Yeah. There's no helicopter seen in this. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. I saw Derek also said that he wanted to be the first triple crown winner. And I'm like, oh, so are we now considering the Pittsburgh, the triple crown like with the oh and the Arnold. So that's what I was talking about. New York, right? Is that what you're going to say? Right. I would have thought if you would ask me what's the triple crown of bodybuilding if you had to build one. I'd be like, well, it's the Lempia Arnold and I guess New York pro. And I would put Chicago if you asked me for a fourth. You know, right, right. So now I guess the prize money. I mean, what's prize money in New York? Is it a hundred k 25? I guess it's not 30. I guess it's not the trifecta anymore. Well, then I don't know what the hell I'm talking about. Yeah, I'm right. It was 25 last year, at least it was. So New York was always because that's the show everyone want. I mean, it is the draw. I still have like that that remember when it used to be called night of champions. Oh, yes. And it was like the like, you know, the night of champions rang and like the whole there was like a big deal to win that show. And it still is obviously to New York pro. It's the most vicious crowd in bodybuilding. They say, I love that. Yeah, I mean, I show up. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay, okay. Okay. Okay. We're off the contest coverage everybody. No real predictions. Not putting our balls on the line. Moving on. We really didn't say anything like all. No, no. We didn't say Derek. We voted Derek. And then we also immediately said, but if he doesn't wait, I'll tell you what. I want to see Nick Walker earn the respect that he deserves. You know, you know, that's our earned. People just said that's what I want to see. I want to see him show people up. You know, I like all the guys, but you know, I know Nick had a freaking heart deal with couple, you know, issues that had taken him out. And he, he definitely deserves. I think more respect than he gets. So I want to see him up there. And I want to see him battle Martin and made the best man win. You know what I mean at the end of the day, if Martin wins, I'm not hurt by that either. You know, the best guy's got to take it. But I want to see a freaking battle show. I mean, like you guys were saying basically show me a battle. You know, and that I think it's going to be an excellent show no matter how it goes. What was this post you guys said? Was this you dusted you sent this one? Yeah, it does. It's so funny. And I just like, this is me times 100 every time Emily and I go anywhere. And we just went to Mexico right? So this happened. Yeah. This is, you got to put it up. Can you put it up? We're going to do it up to post. I'll throw it up in post. Actually, yeah, that'll be the easiest. Another jack to guy at the resort gym this morning. Head nod. So I'm at breakfast with our families. Head nod and what's up, bro? Ran into him again on the beach. Head nod. My wife. Who's that? Me. No clue. Just some dude from the gym. They just don't get it. It is a thing. Everybody who does knows that thing you do. You're like, so yeah. Yeah. I remember like, I remember we got to Mexico. We go down, you know, get the, get the sunscreen on. The Emily gets her chair. She's going to do the land, the sun thing that she likes to do that I can't stand. I'm like, well, I'm going to go do a lap around the pool. And I'm walking around the pool. I see a dude, Drake sitting there, Drake in a rum. And I'm like, and I can't really tell the guy, obviously, trains. He's like, you know, packs big arms sitting there. Head nod. Walk by and guy ordered him some food. Looks over at me. I'm like, that guy's jacked. He had nod. Like, just, there's like four head nods around the pool. I can't actually go. So did you make some friends? And they go, yeah. But you guys here. Yeah. Well, you know, I think I told you guys when we were on our trip in the Dominican, we're sitting up and they've got like a over top pool area. We just kind of chill. And we're sitting, I see this guy across the, on the same pool area. I'm like, that guy's got some size on him. Yeah. And she's out. Yeah. And he definitely looked out of place. And we, you know, mentioned it about 10 or so minutes later, him and his girl come walking up. He's like, you dusty hands. I'm like, yes. And he goes, oh, I watched this show all the time. We get talking, of course, he competes the whole thing. I'm like, yeah. Well, I noticed you. So you're, you're doing something very well. Right. And when I can see just your shoulders at the top of the pool, I'm like, that guy, he doesn't just train. Like, that's a body. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. That's the thing I try to tell my clients like that's the goal. When I first started bodybuilding, you could see I trained, but I could have been an athlete. I could have been anything. And it's not until somebody started, like people started saying, oh, you bodybuild. Like, then I realized, oh, I've crossed that men doze alone. We're no one's ask. Like, obviously they can see I'm not athletic at all anymore. Yeah. So I've crossed the line where he's definitely not an athlete. Right. Yeah. Yeah. No, it's funny. And then especially the older guys, too. Like, like the one dude we saw at the resort was like, you know, he's probably five years older than me. Like he would have been into his 50s. Yeah. And, and, and, you know, we did the head nod like two breakfasts in a row. And then finally on the third day, he's like, hey, uh, you're you're you're, you're, you're, you're, you're mutant, right? And I'm like, yeah, and he's like, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, but when he starts talking, and then he's like, oh, yeah, he's like, I actually knew Rich back in the day. He's like a living in a lay for like eight years. And he was telling me how he knew Rich at the gym. And then he trained at gold to bunch of times. And, and I was just like, yeah, it's fist funny. Like the, you know, guys had been around for a long time. Everyone knows someone. And, you know, yeah. We had a guy who commented on the show the other day. And he was like, hey, I'm from Siocet, New York. And I knew Dave since before Dave was big. Like he was scrawny at any blue up on his like, there was like a two-year period where he just exploded, you know? Oh, that's awesome. That was cool. You all love the throwback ones. I told you guys this, but I had to have mentioned on the show because that was cool. So two Saturdays ago, I'm training legs. And I see this kid on the pendulum squat. And he's starting to struggle a little bit. But I know he's got more in him. So I don't say, I just noticed he doesn't have any air pods in. So I come over and I just say over and show them, like, I got you, just keep jamming. So we force that a couple reps. And then as soon as he racks it, I just walk away. I start my next set. And I, I look at him and he's getting ready to get started. I said, hey, give me a minute if you want another spot. I'll, I'll spot you through another. He's a correct cool. So it was like his drop-back set. And at like 10, he's struggling. So I push him through like five more reps. Like it's barely moving. I'm giving him like a pound and a half of help, you know? And he racks it and I walk away. And then a few minutes later he walks over and he's like, I listen to the show all the time. And I'm like, oh, God. That was like, well, you can now tell everyone that I completely ruined your workout. I have no idea how many reps you were planning on doing. Yeah. And. You might have an injury you're dealing with. But now it's 10 times worse. Because I just, thanks. Yeah. I know. I was like, I got a save. I was like, all right, well, I'll forever remember that I didn't allow Doug to even let me know what he was looking for. I just made him do more. Yeah. That's funny that you mentioned that because I actually like, you know, when we opened the gym, I had a habit of like, right, we walk around the gym and I'd see somebody at Governight spot them. Okay. Yeah. And then I started thinking like, not everybody wants four strokes. Ha ha ha ha. I'm really hoping that Doug wasn't leaving reps and river. Reserve. Yeah. I'm really hoping that he's going to start the owner made me do it more way. Yeah. One strike. Some guys following a five by five program. Yeah. It's totally screwed up as an app. It's like, that was me right there. Yeah. You know, he did. He's like, fuck, this order keeps coming over. Just destroying me and my volume, my output goes in the tank. Yeah. Yeah. I'm really hoping that Doug wasn't leaving reps and river reserve. Yeah. Yeah. Right. You know, it's over. I. I. Yeah. I just leave people alone, unless I hear a screaming and there's like someone trapped under something. You know, you still come over, are you doing a negative or should I actually take this off? I help. I don't want to like it, too. You know, yeah. Yeah. One star. The moment he said that I was like, and I actually didn't ask. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Things to be aware of. I have to throw something out there, guys. I have to say to the audience. Everybody listening. First of all, we appreciate having you guys here. We need questions for the next shows. So hit us up. Leave us questions. Everything you got. We had a bunch of them dusty from you. You because so when we do the interview shows, we usually don't get them a lot of listener questions. So we didn't have a lot this week, but I dug back. And I looked at that thread that you posted on Instagram, the other week. And I grabbed a bunch of those because we like, I think that you put that thread up. And then we didn't answer any of them. Do you remember that? It's kind of like our contest coverage. Ask for something and don't deliver to what we do. So I would ask you guys. I want to ask you guys this one. This is one of the listener questions. How would Justin Compton do in today's lineup? Imagine him coming into Pittsburgh, Pro. Like at his best. Extremely well. Yeah. I consider Justin Compton. He is in the same category to me as Mike Francois. Hmm. Hmm. Yeah. I'll see where you're going. We're like unbelievable potential. And career just hit other things going on. Gonna shut it down. It's probably making way more money now. Probably smart move. Saving money. I'm not bodybuilding. Yeah. They're saying my not bodybuilding. Great guy. You know, everyone likes Justin Compton, everyone like Mike Francois. He's very similar. Obviously Mike had like severe colitis that like engine his career forcibly like yeah hospital surgery, life changing sort of thing. And and Compton is spoken about why he shut things down too. But you know, Compton's, you know, they come to do it great now. I mean, I'm at spoken to him for a while. But he's in that same category where like, you know, we won't, we didn't get to see Compton win an Arnold or anything like that. But he was that type of bodybuilder to me. And and a great guy too, like I remember seeing him in the most I talk to him was in Australia one year because he was down there for the Australian Arnold. I think he was, I don't think he competed. I think he was a serve for the expo. And I saw him at the gym and he was a group. He was a coolist dude. And spoken to him. I was spoken to him other, you know, obviously through our technology. Yeah. But I consider him to be like that. Like we'll never really know what he could have done on stage. But extraordinarily dangerous. And, you know, conditioning obviously off the hook all the time. Yeah. Yeah. I was going to say it's funny that you said Meg Prince Wobby because I was thinking Dennis Newman. Right. Even the only thing I got to throw in there is because I hate the word potential. Yeah. Because potential usually means you have a nun shit. And that's that's that's not the term I'm using in this regard because he was realized his potential is anymore time to continue doing the path he was on. Every time. Yeah. And that's the difference. Like I usually consider potential to be a negative word. But in his case, the only thing that stopped the media rise that he was on was that he stopped. Don't care why he's he's chose to stop. But it wasn't like, oh, if he would have done this or stayed more thought, it was not that it just more time. You know, I would not blink to assume at a healthy version that would have kept going. Would have won an Arnold Postman Olympia. And I mean, he's young enough. He could get still be bang. And so I agree 100% I think sadly we did not see the best that we would have seen. And that's mind boggling because he was so good. You know, so yeah, he'd do awesome. And that's I want to just segue real quick, Scott, while we're on the subject because Dave said something that rang to me, not because I've never thought of it. But because I say it all the time, it's that when we asked him about the thing that separates the best guys from the rest, he said consistency. And it blows my mind. I want to talk about with you guys because I know you guys can share the same point. I have multiple athletes with very big goals, big aspirations. And it's done's me how you can have a goal of winning an overall or turning pro. And simultaneously, because that's one of the things I ask in the check-ins, like, what are your goals? I want to show it to him, goal. I mean, what's your be-hag? Is that call your big hairy ass goal that maybe you can't reach for your chasing? And those things are listed and simultaneously multiple times a year, I get how many meals were missed, how the training was a little down this week, how they did this. When he said that, I just shook my head and I actually responded to one of my clients, I said, you either need to change your goals because your output does not match that, or you need to change how you're approaching your bodybuilding. Yeah. David said his accurate, like, when I was competing, I knew what I was capable of. The end goal I knew was not phenomenal, but I also understood the only way to get to the best I could be was to be insane. So when he was like, oh, I didn't miss meals for years, I'm like, need it. I didn't have down workouts. I was obsessed with getting this done, and I think there's some confusion with some people that Derek Lundzford's life is somehow easy to get all this done or anyone. So I'm like, no, when I was turning pro, I had five retail stores and was waking up at four in the morning and going to bed after training at midnight. And that's not like, oh, I'm hardcore. That's just how many hours were in my day. It was the only way to get it all done. And you know, like you were saying, Ron, with Ron, it never occurred to me that missing a meal was even a plausible option. Yeah. And it blows my mind how if you don't get that every single day, every single meal, every single workout matters. And how can you have this goal? And if you're doing what you should be doing, your goal should be slightly out of the reach. And you should be hunting it down. Then how can you think that you're going to not do everything every day and beat people who are genetically better than you? Yeah. Not going to happen. Yeah. And it's just one of those things where, and I don't think that in for those are listening, I don't think there's anything wrong with having that realization and saying, those goals don't mean enough to me. I'm not willing to not have a week off or miss a meal because of work or whatever. That's okay. I'm not Mr. Hardcore. I think it's just important that you're a realist and say, yeah, I'm not going to do that. Yeah. And then you can, you know, change your mind and say, okay, I need to lower these goals. Maybe my highest goal is just to state level when. Cool. That might be feasible with the way you're chasing. But these win a pro card, win an overall, that ain't going to happen. You know, I mean, I got five local guys here who don't miss meals ever who train at three in the morning because that's the only way they can get it done before work because they got kids at home and they don't want to become an home at 10 pm and not seeing their kids. How are you going to beat them, let alone genetic mutants who also don't miss meals? I mean, Dave was a freak. Yeah. But he never missed a meal also. Yeah, the whole like, you know, talent versus hard work is like, well, there's talent and hard work in those guys. Yeah, he's just not going to touch them. Yeah. So yeah, I just thought that was a simple point. The day may that I feel it should be played over and over and over like consistency. That's the magic. You know what people ask me? I mean, how many times do you have a bad work out? I'm like, I can't even remember. Yeah, having a bad workout. Also, too. What's a bad workout like because when the guests are the right literally, yeah. So I think another thing too is the ability to make mental pivots with how you perceive what's happening. Like if if I think okay, well, I didn't have bad workouts. I'm like, well, I had workouts that I could have perceived as bad. Yeah. But I shifted my perception and I changed gears and I did something different and I managed to get a really great pump that day. And then I didn't think of it as a bad workout and then it didn't like my mindset wouldn't go there. Right. So it's also your ability to control your own mindset. Like, you know, maybe I went to the gym one day and you know, I had like a week set on my opener. But instead of just letting that get me down, which I see, I see this from people like, oh, I brought you down on my incline today. Fucking shit. I'm like, I never did that. I'd be like, okay, I just had a bad set of inclines. I got five instead of eight. I'm going to change gears. I'm going to go over to this machine. I'm going to blast sets of 15. Yeah, blow the shit out of my packs. Then I'm going to do that fly machine that I never use because I actually kind of like it. And I'm going to smash some sets on that and finish with another press. And then how is your workout? And by the end of your workout, you got this crazy upper, plexure blowing out and your fucking triceps are blowing out from doing tries and you're like, awesome. Dude, an awesome workout. Dude, I've, I've worked with people occasionally. One guy, I'm think of in particular. And I think he's changing that perspective now. But he would like, he would get down on himself. And I almost feel like bodybuilding became a, like, it would not be a fun thing if you're constantly disappointing yourself. And like, oh, I didn't get those reps. And I failed here. And I like that perspective better because you're constantly like you said, you're spinning it into something that ends up being a good thing, you know? And I, I, I have to touch on my hobbies here because I thought about this the other day. I, that skill that I took and I don't know if I learned it from bodybuilding, but I definitely did 30 years of it in the gym. But that that perspective, shifting perspective practice I had with all of those potentially bad workouts that weren't bad workouts. I, I find myself doing that now with my hobbies. Like I've got the bad hip right now. By the way, I'm looking, I'm talking to surgeons about hip replacement. Oh, I've got. I've got like, consults coming up and stuff. It's really, really, I haven't really mentioned. It's really interfered with my riding. Like there's a bunch of tricks I was starting to learn. And I can't really lift my knee up high enough right now without some pretty bad pain. So I have to put those tricks all in the back burner. So what do I just not know? I go out and I practice other things learn other other skills I can learn. Why don't I have to lift my knee? Yes, there's a whole bunch of other skills. So let shift your perspective, learn other things get better in another way. And then when your hips better, you're going to have, it'll all come together. It's just a patient's game. And then same with guitar. Like I'll have a session where something I'm working on. I just suck. I just have trying to learn a new song. Just like my favorite fingers aren't listening to my brain. And I just so I'll just, you know what? I'll put on some stuff that's easy. Crank up the album. It just jam with an album for like 30 minutes. And then I come out with a big smile on my face. All this positive bio stuff happening in my brain from having a blast and jamming along. And I'll turn it into a great session. And as a result, you're going to want to do it again versus you. Have enough fails and enough times that are relevant. Why am I even doing this anymore? Yeah, I'm like getting a stuck on like man, you know, like that sort of shit. It's practice to be able to keep a positive perspective and find something positive to go to. And you know, Emily would be like, oh, I should have come out of the office and like how was it? You know, I've been in there jamming for 45 minutes. I'm like, oh, it's awesome. Yeah. You know, the other thing about the body-reeling side, though, with this whole thing is back to the consistency. If you're food and you're water and you're sleep and all those things are correct, the odds of having this workout that you have to adjust are lower. Yeah. Because usually that's something I can ask a client like, well, what, what'd you do different? Oh, you know this morning, I didn't get my water in, but okay, there you go. Yeah. Like that's half the reason you were weaker. Like how'd you sleep last night? Well, I was stressed. Okay. Now you can't always avoid those things. But when you're consistent, then the odds go lower. Like if somebody said to me, on May 14th, 2012, you trained back. What'd you do that morning? I could tell you. I don't need to know the day, it's because I did the same thing every day. Well, over the same time, eight the same meals, right? The same liquids, everything was the same leading up. So all the things that I could control were the same. Yeah. And I feel like that's a big missed part. It's like, you can't necessarily control if you got a bad night's sleep. You know, that's, I mean, that just happens. But if you're letting a bunch of other things be, everyone's so worried about exactly how they're performing a rep, but they're not concerned about how much water they drank and showed him they brought him before they went to the gym, if all that stuff's the same, then the odds of even half in a half this twist in your workout get lower. And then when it happens and it's so rare, it's a lot harder to get frustrated. You know, because when I go to the gym, like you were saying, Ron, if I could tell, like, okay, I mean, we've all been there. I always use the deadlift as an example. I put 135 on the bar. Sometimes it feels like I'd never done it before. I'm like, why is this awkward as hell? And then sometimes I pick up 135 and I'm like, it's going to be a good day. And people like, how do you know? I'm like, because the bar moved flawlessly, the very first time I pulled it, which means as I go up, that's going to continue happening. You can't control that, but on the days that are, the days that are off and everything you've controlled, the cook control is there. It's really easy. Oh, you know what? The universe is decided today's workout's going to be a little different. So we're going to beat the shit out ourselves with 405 on dead today. Because I already know what'll happen when I get into 600 pounds. And I'll get frustrated. So I'm just going to skip it and not do that. Like you said, and not allow my very first movement to derail. Or I'm sure you guys have had the experience where your first movement's a little off. And you're like, ah, if you've gotten your head and said, oh, it's a bad workout, well, it's going to be one. But next thing you know, your second movement just moving like butter. And you're like, oh, well, that's good. I guess it was just the inkline was awkward today for some reason. You know what I mean? So I definitely think you're right, Ron, is it's how you preface it, but also when you control all the things that you can, the odds of even half and do that are really low. And I think that's why I didn't experience my most times, because it was all controlled. And anything that popped up was only things out of my control. And I tell people that all the time, like, if it's out of your control, fuck it, it is what it is. But if you're failing on things that you can control, well, then fix it. That's not hard. That's not hard. But yeah, I was really stoked when Dave said that, because I was, I love that he said one word and went silent. He's like consistency. And then just sat there and I was like, then he went into it. But I'm like, yes. I pulled out a couple good ones from the, a couple more good ones from your, your thread dusty. Here's what I wanted to hear what you guys had say. When did the behind the neck press go extinct? When Kevin the Roni retired. Yeah. The skip still doesn't skip gloves the behind the neck press. I mean, he's wearing the team Michael sweatshirt too, which by the way, Ron, he told me that the same owner from all the way back in the day still owns team Michael still owns it. Still selling the, what did he call it? The, the big top shirt. You could still buy the big top. Yeah. It's not too late, Ron. You can get an extra large big top instead of a four X. So, I'm still a double X does to know what I'm going to do. I think I'm, I think I'm, I'm genetically a double X. I think I don't think your bones aren't going to be way out. I think I'm going to get narrower than I am now. That's funny. When did the behind the neck press? Yeah, Kevin the vrong was a big one. When the, when when he stopped making a V stop doing 405 behind the neck. Yeah. I, I still remember like when I stopped doing them. I was, you know, I started training in 1990 and behind the neck presses, where a thing, everyone's behind the neck pressing, right? Yeah. And I remember I was training with my friend John and Australia. And he could do like three and a half plates behind the neck press. Like for reps like I don't rack it like go to the bar, he'd crank out like six, seven, I'd spot him for a couple. And I remember it was at old school shoulder press, right? With like the, the seats like straight. Yeah. Yeah. You know, and there's no railing on the front of the machine, right? It's just like you unrak it and it's, you are a loan in space with that above, above your head, right? There's no safety rack. Yeah. And, uh, and I remember I'd press with him and, and I could do like a plate and a half behind my head. Yeah. And, you know, maybe two plates for five or something like that like heavy ass set. And I just remember I'd smack my head at least once every set like bang. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, Jesus. Like yeah. And it would just never like I never had the mobility, even as like an athletic, more athletic young guy. I was gonna say, I don't know any big guys anymore. They're telling me, I'll notice they're like, I can't even squat with the regular bar. I have to use a safety squat bar. Try getting those arms behind the neck, you know? Yeah, yeah. Like I couldn't even do it now with an empty bar. I couldn't even put, you know. So, uh, I'd say like early to mid 90s, I stopped seeing anyone behind the neck press. Yep. Yeah. And I think probably Dorian's video came out too in 97. And he had the front military Smith. Everybody started doing that. And I think that was like the final nail. And the coffin, you know. You know, that was probably it. Also after Dorian's video, after Blood and Gets came out, another thing. Bodybuilders greatly and largely reduced how much they were squatting. No. It was hacking, like pressing Smith machine squatting because everyone was on the Dorian plan. So like the barbell squats really like went to like a small number of people. And then of course, what happens after Dorian, Ronnie wins. Yeah. And then everyone starts squat front squatting, parking lot lunging. It's, people don't realize how those videos absolutely change training. Like every time a new Mr. Olympia dynasty happened or like Dusty said, LaRona's videos had those crazy behind the neck presses and stuff. It affected the whole bodybuilding trend thing. Look at the, that's what it's crazy. Man, it's looking today. It's still happening, but it's not necessarily the Olympia. It's like the influencers, which I'm sorry. I'm going to call Jordan Peters an influencer. You know what I'm saying? Look at how many people are doing what he does now. You know. So here's a little message. I told this to one of my guys and he was like, really? Because he's younger, right? And I said, until Jordan Peters came along, I never saw a bodybuilder on the doctor machine. Ha, yeah. Like I want the young guys to know that like Dorian, Kevin, all those a whole 90s era. Yep. Then you, then you got NASA, the mass monsters into the 2000s. Jay, all those freaks that came in that era, Phil Heath, 7 Olympias, straight. Every single guy, leg pressing, hacking, squatting, lunging, extensions, curls, stiff leg deadlifts. Yep. That is it to know, a doctor and a jimpin. And then Jordan Peters started doing a doctors. Yeah. And everyone started taking, oh, if I want to increase my a doctor's size, I have to do a doctor machine. Yep. But man, nobody did them. Like look at NASA's a doctors. Look at every, don't you know, you have to look at the guys at one show. Look at the guys that are in like 10th, 9th, 8th. Yeah. Look at their doctors. They all huge legs. Yep. Squatting, pressing, moving their feet around on the leg press. Yeah. Moving their feet around on the hack, lunging, especially, single leg squats in the Smith, all types of stuff. Not a single guy used the a doctor machine. And now it's like a doctor's in a jimpin. Yeah. And I'm not saying it's bad. I'm just saying you guys need to understand this is brand new and completely isolated to your generation. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And that's why a doctors have a 200 pound stack on them because they're not made for JP. Yeah. It didn't even dawn on a doctor manufacturers that JP was going to add 300 pounds to his a doctor machine. Right. Which then leads to me. Now we've had two broken cables on the doctor because of jimpins. And we want to be a bodybuilder from the jim, obviously. But guess how much the cable on the a doctor machine costs? Yeah. What are those run for? It's not a normal cable. It's not like I just put a cable on and crimp a loop on it and attach it. Yeah. It's a custom cable with a ball in it that has a 50 ton press that customizes it with the fixture already on it. You have to order it from life fitness 650 bucks every time someone breaks that cable. And so someone broke at the other day putting like three plates on it. And then it's down for two weeks because I got an order of cable from life fitness. And then all the bodybuilders are complaining and when's it? Dr. Get in fixed. I'm like you guys this is not a cable stack with a press down on it where I just go crimp a cable and it's fixed. I had an order of cable. And they're like oh it's 50 I see guys on Instagram. I had $15 cable big deal. No no it's a $650 cable. It's a custom cable. That's not a normal cable. And so now we don't allow Jimpins on the doctor anymore. And the amount of heartbreak. And it's like dude, nobody used this for that for like the entire time. Until recently. And then also when you break the a doctor and it's down, take of all the girls now. Like two and a half weeks worth of female members are like the doctor's broken. Dusty that. I trigger him by bringing a behind the neck press or did he trigger himself. It was a spiral. I'm glad. I'm just glad he was triggered. That's all. I just want to let the guys know. It's not a simple as it sounds. I saw a video the other day. I'm a kid doing a plate loaded row machine. Okay. It was an old Icarrean plate loaded row. Great. I like those. Yeah. Yeah. But we know the Icarrean machines are stacks for a little like. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. He's got the full stack on. And then he has three, 45s on the Jimpins. Ooh. And he pulls on it and it snaps. And he's like, oh, getting too strong for the Jim. And the comments are like, as it, you know, someone says like, oh, as a Jim owner, that's really annoying. And the number of people that literally go shut the fuck up, I pay my membership. You can fix that cable in two minutes quit bitching. Whoa. That's the type of respect Jim owner's get from some of these guys. Well, fair. Listen to be honest. That's the type of respect anybody gets online. If you don't write with them, you know, right. And that's the way we react now. Right. And it's one comment was like, that takes three minutes to fix. Yeah. Of course. If you have cable on hand, maybe you're just ran out of cable because someone broke 10 other machines and they're waiting for cable to arrive. So like, I just, as a Jim owner, some of this stuff people sound like. I think you guys have no idea. Now that machines out order for at least a couple days. And which annoys a Jim owner because we want everything to work. Right. Yeah. And also two men, why don't you just use a chess supported T bar? Yeah. You could fill it up. Put seven plates on it. No cares. Why do you have to use a cable machine and put three, foury, fives on it? And like, hey, I used to put a plate on a lot of stuff. We used to take an extra pin, put a plate on the pack deck, put a plate on the leg extension. I remember those days. Yeah. But three plates. Now you're like literally almost doubling the stack, right? It's going to be a problem. Well, the funny thing to me about the the Jim pens is, I found with certain machines because the the weight actually moves that I don't even get the weight I think I'm getting because now the negative is dragging. So I'm not feeling that. So I've actually found on some pieces. I have to keep it with one. Mm-hmm. Yeah. And just get more reps because it doesn't work out. Like I'm like, oh, I actually get more out of doing a single plate on this. Yeah. Where it's not throwing it off. If I'm not lucky enough to like some of the pieces I have, I can put a Jim pen on each side and balance it out. Yeah. Right. But if you can't, it's like pay attention to both your e-centric and concentric on the pole and you're going to realize this isn't benefiting any of the stack racks on the lean and drag down. Yeah. And then also two one trick is you put the Jim pen as low as you can. Yep. So there's less tilt to the stack because if you have it up higher, it's going to really tilt more. But so some of the machines like some of the presses, if you put the Jim pen really low and you put one plate on and then put a band on the handles. Yep. You've got the plate and a band and now you can overload it without like just loading the stack with plates. Okay. Yeah. So you just gotta try to, but yeah, just think about think about the Jim pin stuff's getting a little out of hand with some of the kids that are doing the five rep everything, right? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I love that by the way. We can edit that whole thing out Scott. Sorry. Dude. No, there's the best part of the show. There's going to be below one that they're waiting for the rant. Actually, I wonder if it's up one second. Scott, I need to see some of my descendants. All right. Do you, and I hate to tell you your membership, your one membership is worth less than 25 to 35 women that complain about the machine being broken. So you started to do the math. Scott, I'm going to send you something to your Instagram. Perfect. I can pull up Instagram easier than I used to now. So yeah, you pull this up. I want people to see this. It's it's very valuable information. No, all right. All right. Give me just a minute gentlemen. I think I know what this is, Dusty. All right. Yeah. Are we doing this? What was the, we're definitely doing this. Let's see it go up. I can go to this now. Here we go. There we go. That's that good. I'm so waiting. That. How much is my band actually assisting? Yes, we talked about this. Braden did a video to show everyone. Oh, wow. How much the band is actually helping you when you load it up on this? This is pretty cool. Yeah, he does a great job with this video. I reposted it. This is my training partner, Braden. And this is his home gym and his garage. That band is giving you 155 pounds of assistance at zero. Now, also keep in mind as it stretches and gets lower. Yeah. It's even more than that with no band when he pulls on it. So, so while that's the right type of band. He's got the right type of band done. So it takes 40 pounds off the bottom. It de-loads. Yeah, he's got the right type of band. Oh, I see. So he's seeing like what the sled weighs out the band. Yeah. And then he figures it out, right? I want to know how much my body master's sled weighs. Because it's freaking heavy. Real heavy. So he's got the light band, like a lighter band. So it's zero at the top because it's got slack. Right. And then he drops it down and he sort of estimates like for his high short, where he actually bottoms out. So he pulls it up to about. He's like I'm about there and he weighs the sled. And it's a 40 pound difference. Yeah. With the lightest band. With, well, it's not, yeah, it's his lightest band. But you can go smaller if you want it, yeah. But it's a great way to show people. Because I see guys using the thick band. Oh, yeah. And I started using the band at once for my knees later in my career. And it definitely helped. But how you set the band is game changing. Yeah. If you're putting a huge band and then you're wrapping it long ways like he did there, it's giving you like three plates aside. I mean, it's obscene, you know. So be mindful of that when you're loading the machine. And I still am and I don't need to do it anymore even with the knee. Like I don't have to put the band on. But there's something to note when you're adding that. Don't get overly caught up and how much you're doing. It's assisting a lot more than you think. I put bands on my chest press. But the opposite way to resist. Yeah, yeah, to make it harder. And it changes the strength curve. You can get like the little short elite bands, like a little red minis and throw that on your hammer strength press. And it'll completely change that strength curve. It's kind of cool because it's still going to be easier in the hole where it's the hardest. Right. But as you push up and you get stronger, it gets harder too. I love doing that. I mean, it's not like I'm saying like all you gotta do that. If everyone would be your best. But if you get like if you've done 10,000 reps this year on that machine, you know what I'm saying? Like you want to do something a little different. It's fun to throw the band on there. But yeah, it's less of a thing than it was. But for a while there like the amount of people that were banding like everything that was in the middle of the year. Oh, yeah. I'm like, not to make it easier. Yeah, they're misunderstanding. Yeah. Like yeah. I think I actually Luke started the banding because that's where I got it. I was like, you know, I am doing 10 plates aside. It probably is a good idea to get that little assistance at the bottom. I knew I was getting extra reps because of it. But I was like, yeah, you can see he explained it to me. He's like, yeah, with the knees of that depth going below parallel. I was like, that's probably a good idea. And I definitely saw the reps go up. But I could see how over time that was it was worth it. I was like, that's fine. Yeah. So the way I remember John said something once. Meadows used to say the purpose of changing the strength curve is to make the whole rep harder technically. Right. So like, you know, intensity is how much work can you do in a period of time. Yeah. So if you think about your rep and if half the rep is really easy and half the rep is really hard, if you make the whole rep equally hard, then you've raised your intensity in his mind. Right. Right. Yeah. So that was that was so you want to band enough to make the rep feel equally hard all the way through. You know, as you get mechanically stronger, the weight gets heavier and it stays equally hard all the way up. Yeah. So that was the thing that never got lost on me, but clearly got lost on a whole bunch of people. Like, Braden put that post up and he says frustrating because he gets messages from people. They're like, so it makes it easier. It's like, that's okay. Okay. And not really what I was trying to point out here. Yeah. Yeah. You know what I used to reverse band that I loved doing was the squat in a rack. Yeah. And that was when I got from John. It was back. And I couldn't afford it at the time. VJ bought is like right when I started training with VH. And he bought the the Mountain Dog Elite Band set. So it was like four different sets of bands, you know? And so we're like, you know, John sees some bands where you use bands. We're banding everything. And I found the, so we'd hook it at the top of the squat rack. Yeah. You could go from bottom up right and make it hard to let down. Dang it down. And it would use like the, I can't remember what was the green band though. So it was like a narrow band, but it was stronger. And I could get like an entire additional plate. And I would feel that plate almost all the way down. And it was still like hard as hell in the hole. But it was like no stress on my low back. Or you know what I mean, no, it didn't load it a bit. And then as you're driving up, oh my god, like it got harder than I had ever been able to handle. You know what I'm saying? Like two like yeah, two thirds. Well now your handling actually played. Yeah, two thirds. The way up. Yeah. It was cool. I like doing that is fun. So I remember one of the funnest things I ever did squatting was right when all that was coming in. I don't know what year that would have been. Is that like oh. Yeah, right there. There did 12. Maybe that 12 liter. And they were there. 13. So I was training at a gym that had a bunch of chains. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. And so I would hook this small chains. They would hang down. And then I would have the bundle at the bottom. Yes. Right. And of course, most people didn't know of any idea what to do with chains. We were just hanging a chain. And it wouldn't even touch the floor. Yeah. And they'd squat down. And it was like maybe like six or seven links would coil. And they'd stand back up on my. It's like literally a 10 pound. Yeah. If that. Yeah. The point is you want the cluster of chains. Is it the bottom to kind of always touch so they don't swing. Yeah. Right. You know what? I'm swinging around. You want them to kind of always just have enough drag on the floor that they stay still. But then as you squat down like 50 pounds of chain on each side would d load to the floor. Yeah. In the bottom third of the wrap. Right. Yep. And I remember I figured it out. I got all the links. I'm counting links and writing it down like K22 links down. All right. I got six six cluster. You know, three clusters looped on each side. 10 links hanging. And I would like I made the notes on how I like to squat. And I was squatting with chains for a little while. And it was like fun. It was fun. It was just, you know, there's a feel to it. You know, as you come out, you feel the mload onto the bar and you have to drive through because you know what's going to get harder. So you're trying to accelerate. Which is also by power lifters would to help build acceleration and speed, right? R speed. So it was fun. And then one day, I was coming up out of the squat. I had three and a half plates aside with about 50 pounds of chain on each side. Okay. So it was about a 450 squat. Yeah. And I was about 14 weeks out from my show. Okay. I was just started my prep. And I'm coming out of the hole and as the chain loaded onto the bar, loud crunch in the front of my quad. Oh, pom pom. And I got to the top and f***ing dump the bar. And I, and right at the top of my tier drop, about halfway up my leg on the inside of my thigh, the top of my tier drop, my quad was just spasm spasm spasm spasm spasm spasm and I had to rub it out and hurt like shit. Sure, shit. I tore some fibers. It didn't look good. That wasn't the, that wasn't the tear. That wasn't the tear. But that was one of the, that was a tear I had on my other leg. It was a tear I had on my, on my right leg. And it bruised up and my whole leg turned purple. And it was like a month of purple leg. I think it was all purple and great way to start out. Great way to start out. Yeah. And I had to go to the Arnold that following week with this purple leg swollen foot standing at the booth every night. Go straight back to my room. Put my leg up to try to drain it out. Praise me. And Rich, I showed Rich my leg. That was 2013. I showed Rich my leg in my room and he goes, oh, well, you can't do the show. And I was like, oh, yeah, I got 13 weeks. Yeah. And I remember all the way to the show that leg didn't quite come in. Yeah. And that was my worst placing at Nationals ever. I had one quad that just wasn't as separated. It just didn't quite clear out in time. It took months for it to all go away. That's the worst. Pop, pop, pop. Oh, that's the worst sound. Oh, yeah. Pop. Like, yeah. There's something about that sound. I, a friend of mine, towards Tri-Sept doing basically French press. Yeah. And I was spotting him. And I heard it sound like Velcro. Yeah. So I mean, as soon as I heard like yank the bar, I got to pull that out of his hands, put it down. And he looks at me and I mean, his face is already white. Right. That's a guy. He doesn't compete. He's just like a hard train dude. And he's like, all right. I think I'm out for the rest of the try-set workout. But I'll stay in spot you. I'm like, no, you will leave. Go to the doctor. Like, I mean, no, no, I'll be fine. I'm like, I'll be fine. Finishing this workout. Like, I heard the Velcro bro. I don't need to ask a doc what's gone on. I know what happened just now. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's crazy. All right. Two, there was very important guys. How important is the pump? Well, it's not the BLN doll. It's not, I mean, just to pump itself isn't directly linked to any growth. Like, you could get a pump on a, on a, with a 20 pound band, right? Yeah. But I think the pump is great feedback because like, let's say you're training back. And after you do your pull downs in your rows, your biceps are pumped. Yeah. And your rear delts are pumped, but you don't feel like your back is pumped. I think that's great feedback that your back's not doing the majority of the work. Right. And you're using your arms and rear delts too much. Whereas if you do like, you know, like a very experienced bodybuilder like us, I go in the gym and we do our warm ups sets on the pull down and my back's already full of blood. Yeah. And my, I'm like, oh. I'm so good at using my back. So it's a good feedback mechanism that you're using the right muscles. And I don't think it could possibly be a bad thing to deliver nutrients and, and, you know, hormones and growth factors and all that stuff to a muscle. There's people now saying it's, you don't want to pump because it causes fatigue. I'm just like, God, I just don't go to failure. Don't get a pump. Yeah. Don't get a pump. Pump will restrict your, your, your power or your strength on your next egg. You don't want to pump. Don't want to get it. I would like to know how I would do a curl without getting a pump. Yeah. How am I supposed to train without getting a pump? I get the ones instantly. They get pumps on one negative. I have with the pump is if people confuse the value, because for example, pump. If you're doing an, well, not even just that, but if you were basing the pump on whether or not a movement is good, then you would say extensions are better for quads, right? Then a hack squat, right? Yeah. Because when you do, you know, and how let's, let's go light and weight, when do 150 reps, right? Your legs are going to feel like they're going to pop when you do that. Now if we're, if we're calling the pump to be all end all, then that is better than an extension set that's heavy to 10 at failure or way better than a squat, because like how pumped to your quads feeling comparison to an extension when you squat. Yeah. That's the only area where I find it could be tricky. I also worry about the word pump when you're dieting, because I'm like, yes, when I ask you how the pump is, I'm not asking compared to when you had pizza last night and then came in and trained. I'm aware that you're on 50 grams of carbs, right? You know, really I'm just asking, are you feeling the muscle contract and fill up in any way that, you know, so I only ask really advanced clients about their pump, because I've made that mistake before and then I realized my, oh, I asked a question they can't answer. This is good. You know, there are people that, and I had this happen with my doctor, even because I can't remember what it was and you know, I was talking about like symptoms of the long bug and all that, I was like, I can't get, I'm like, I haven't been able to get a pump. She's like, a pump. Like you know, when you're working out, the pump, she's like, what is that? I've had two people say that to me. What's the pump? And I, I find that so interesting because I think in our lives, the circles of people, we know. The pump is the cure. There's, I don't know anybody else, like it shocks me that somebody wouldn't know what the pump was. I just told them to go watch the pumping iron ass. I don't know. I'll tell you. Yeah, young, this can, hand or a seat, hand or a DVD. She probably still has one that she doesn't know the pump is. We know what the pump is better than. It's better than it is. You just said that. It's better than section. What's happening? Yeah, but you're right. I knew where people should just concentrate on getting stronger. They shouldn't worry about, they shouldn't worry about where they're feeling it. They should just worry about getting stronger. Yeah. Like is your bench going up? Is your squat going up? Is your form getting better? That's all they should think. And that'll all come later. That whole like feeling also. And Ron, like think about, if you're, you know, like the push on on hip thrust, right? You can really feel your glutes if you're doing right. I'm not an ant, I hip thrust guy first. But you can really feel your glutes. I don't feel my glutes on a leg day until two days later when they're just smoked and in pain. And I'm like apparently gone below parallel did his job. But during the training, I never like, man, my glutes are really firing on this. Hacksquat. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Well, hey, that's another thing. Like, glute training wasn't even a thought for body builders at all. Bloods and hams and glutes just got trained because you're like press and 14 plates aside, your Hacksquat and 700 pounds and your barbell squatting 400 to 500 all the time and you're lunging. So glutes just got hammered. You know? And we'd think like, oh, lunges are good for the glutes, look at Ronny. But we weren't thinking like, I have glute day. No. Yeah. And never occurred to anybody, you know? So the secret is skating because I had to be careful because of years of hockey to try not to get the glutes involved because they made my hamstrings like smaller. Huh. Really? Like, if you look at like, if I were just post a picture of like my started body, yeah. I was all legs. Oh, dude, every hockey player I've ever worked with. Like, I look at him. They sent me pictures and I'm like, did you play hockey? I don't know. Yeah. 18 years. You know, just all legs. Yeah. It's like legs and glutes are what you have. So I had to really be cautious though. I'm like finding that sweet spot. I've got a great parallel in the beginning of my career on purpose. It was like touch parallel come back up. Okay. I did not want to because I had weak hamstrings to begin with and over developed glutes. So it's like, you're just highlighting your weakness, right? Yeah. Like, like no one says, oh, he has great glutes. They say he has small hamstrings. Yeah. Yeah. You know, so it's one of those. I had a couple questions that we that Nikki threw in as well that I thought were interesting for you guys. First one is peaking for shows. Is it necessary for everyone and what are some peaking myths? Well, a peaking myth is that it's necessary for everyone. Check. Right? A peaking myth is that you need dioretics. You don't. I've just had some very recent success with none at all several times. Um, peaking myth is that you should load into a show. Like, it's all of them are myths. It should be how do you look, right? Like, I think the best plan generally is to be ready early. And I'm talking like almost two weeks out. Like you bear every glutes in. You better look pretty damn good. And and don't rely on feeding up right before the show. I mean, that's that's strategy that can and has worked for a lot of people. But ideally, you want to start feeding up like a week out and make sure the guy feels great and looks good. How you feeling to jump? Oh, man. I'm so glad my fatigue is gone. I'm cutting back on cardio. Like that's ideally the situation. And then you just try to maintain that position. Like I've had lots of guys Friday before the show. They're back on their diet. Like they're back on their lower carb day. Yeah. They did high carbs Monday, high carbs Wednesday. And medium carbs Thursday. And they wake up Friday and I'm like, hey, let's just just do the normal diet day. You look great. You know, so a myth is that you should do a whole bunch of shit the last week. If someone's ready, the coach should have very little to do the last week. Like, hey, just repeat repeat repeat yesterday. Don't change anything repeat. That's that's a great place to be. Oh, yeah. I agreed. What about you Scott? Anything to add? Yeah. Not really. I think that that pretty much nails. There are times, you know, like where things just aren't right. You know, like that's the ideal situation. And I would say that I love when that ideal situation happens. So all of the can hear you. It's like really. Yeah, you sound like a robot. It says trying to read your back says trying to recognize. Oh, there we go. I would start. Okay. I'll say that that is the ideal situation that you don't have to do anything. But yeah, everything is going to be completely unique. You know, every situation is unique. So yeah, I agree. Just that the only myth is that there is anything that you're supposed to do other than relax. That's one thing everybody's other. Another one. Husband wife coaching relationships. Do they work? Why or why not? Would you coach your spouse? They can work. It just depends on the dynamic. And I did help, Emily. I was a coach when we met. I was a coach for like years before we got together. And then I coach for the last few shows. I coached her for the Arnold when we went to Spain and she did the Arnold and play really well. Made the finals and everything at the Arnold. So that was cool. But we're also very level headed and she works really hard and I know she's not cheating under diet and you know, all that stuff. So just, you know, it worked for us, but you know, some people obviously is not going to be a great idea. And you know, it's also too like this. It also depends on the division like, you know, there's lots of factors. But she was doing bikini and at the time it worked well. You know, what I coach her again, she probably coach herself. You know, like I helped Nikki for her shows there because Dusty was like, I'm going to help her in the gym and beat the crap out of her. Yeah. And you can do the numbers because I want nothing to do with it. And it worked out really well. Nikki looked amazing. I just shows. Yeah. I like that from the side that they almost told us she was over conditioned. Whatever they did with her. Yeah. I didn't want like for me as a, as some of you coaches like I wanted to just bring my pal and poms and show them. Yeah. Because that's fine. Yeah. I wanted to just be the fun part. And I didn't, I took the pictures and made zero comments and moved it on and didn't think about it. It was a lot more fun for me. I've done both. And I can't say this from experience. I helped a girl that won everything we ever did. And she was a machine. And then later on in life, we were dating and I helped her. And then there were questions. Yeah. Then there was, do I really do, like things that never came up before? And she didn't place as well at that show. And I was like, there it is. We, we lost that thing where you just do what I say. You know, so that was, that was definitely a tricking part to me. And I think you're right, Ron, it is person a person. I helped my first wife for her shows. And then she, you know, I was like, I want to eat try hiring someone else and see how it goes. And it went horrendously. And I bit my tongue in the whole time. And then after she came off for pre-judging, she was like, you knew the whole time, I'm like, I did. And then she came back and worked with me for the rest of her career. So just it does really depend on how it works. We got time for more. We have enough Scott. I have a few more. It says I'm trying to reconnect again. We have an issue here. I've got some rope. Yeah. Yeah. Ron. Yeah. We do another one. Yeah. Scott has no opinion. I'm happy to do another one. I got one thing I want to touch on before we go, but it's not bodybuilding. Cool. Well, actually the one I'm going to check on is not bodybuilding either, but it could be. So first quarter of the year is obviously setting on. And I'm curious with our listeners how many people set goals for their year. And if they're on pace or beating them or if they even knew to set a goal, I'm sure you guys have some set. And curious how years are going. You don't have to get specific. But I think it's important. I've talked to a lot of people recently about this. And I'm shocked how many people just don't. This was, I turned 50 this year in October. And I mean, I've known this was coming for a while now. And it's lit a real fire under my ass. I've been like, wow, they're very nice. Wow, no, it's more like I was going to, I was hoping I would turn 50 this year. It's a little bit sketchy there for a while. But I had a goal this year. And I told Emily, I said, this year, I am going to bury myself in work that seems impossible to get done. And because I'm, this is the set up year. Like I am, this is a year that I is going to dictate, you know, the rest of our lives. Like I want to do some really big stuff this year. Income wise, investment wise. And everything, you know, you know, things you start building these little relationships and things start to. And it's, I've got a couple of projects on the go right now that are going to be very important. And I'm very excited and things are starting to roll. And I'm definitely on track for a big year of a lot of hard work. It's my like, say yes to every job I can take on type of year. Love it. And, you know, even like from, you know, stuff mutants asking me to do to stuff related to the gym, to stuff related to my training business, to other things with other projects. And I'm working on more things at once now than I ever have. And I think I just taking on the workload, taking on responsibility, putting myself in a position where I have no choice but to succeed. Yep. And taking some risks. And that's what this year is all about. And definitely put in my balls on a line with a couple things this year. Okay. So I will keep you posted. I can vouch for that. Yeah. And also too like, you know, another like my hips been a mass for two years. Yeah. I'm fucking done. Yep. I'm talking to private clinics now. If they can't get me in for the Canadian free shit. I'm fucking buying a hip. I don't give a shit. I'm done. I talked to Mike Van Wick. He paid for both of his hips. He said he didn't want to wait. They told him like crazy wait times because we're in Canada. And so he just paid for his hips. Went to a guy in Montreal or Toronto or whatever. He gave me the guy's contact. And I'm talking to the guy. I got I sent in my forms. You know, my like I sent to my MRIs. And I sent to my forms. And I'm waiting for a consult. And I've got a consult with my doctor about meeting a surgeon for the free hip. And I got some names from my brother of good orthos that do sports guys. And so whatever I can get in if the weight time isn't too bad. I'll wait for the free surgery. But if it's going to be silly, I'm just going to pay for it. And just getting things done so I can get on with shit. I like that. Well, I took a hit so far this year. My game plan has been to build a website to replace Patreon. And I invested some money in that with somebody that I guess I should have invested money with. And I lost a thousand bucks. This flat out what ended up happening. And then it became one of those things where like it's cheers to it only being a thousand. Yeah. Yeah. Well, 50 to be exact, but it sucks to lose anything. And it kind of like drug on. And then I'm reaching out to him and he's telling me like, oh, it's all set. But I don't have, I've never given him any of my stuff to build the site. You know, so I think it's all like, and he's like, oh, well, I need money to get this up now. So then I was like, well, can we have a meeting as of last week? And he's like, yeah, I'm going to need another, you know, three hundred dollars to get this hosted. I thought that's what part of the 1250 was for, you know, and so I just, I decided I don't trust this guy. I'm not going to go through with it. But if anybody out there who's listening knows a good person to go do a website, you know, basically there's so many like only fans typesites out there. We got to be able to do something like that. You know what I mean? And I'm not getting well, that that part. I met this. I, yeah, once the words came out of how much money is in it again. Yeah. What's the, never mind. I'm back. I was of goals doing this might help. Let me say that again, the structure of the site. You know what I'm saying? There's gotta be some way to set something like that up. So I need some help, but that's one of my goals this year is to try to move to that. Because it'll give us more freedom for me to build the like say things that I can't say. And because Patron at the end of the day is still a social media platform, and they do have their rules and regulations. They don't like everything we do in body building. Anyway, yeah, so I'm kind of bummed and I haven't talked about it at all yet. Like my wife knows. I'm gonna put you on this. Yeah, my wife knows. Well, I was like, you know what I'm gonna say it. Because it kind of sucks, but guess what? Life isn't always awesome, right? So, you know, that was a crappy thing that happened, but it's not holding me back. And another thing that I wanted to do was my health this year. Like I really wanted to step it up. Like the January 5th, 12th or 15th. I started deciding like, hey, I'm gonna start doing cardio consistently. I'm gonna start getting in shape. And I have not felt this good in a really long time. So, there's a loss and there's a really good win, which ultimately I think is even more important than a thousand bucks. You know what I mean? Absolutely. So real quick, is it something I thought of while you were talking around? Um, when I was like 22 years old, this conversation about goals and plans and having multiple things and all this, would seem like, how do you even get to that? You know what I mean? It just, it sounds like a conversation at 22 years old that I didn't need to be a part of. And that couldn't be further from the truth. So, what advice would you give to somebody who's young and maybe as they're listening to this or hearing that and thinking, well, they're talking about businesses and, you know, websites and stuff, that's not me yet. I'm barely getting by. How would you suggest someone like that? First off, change that mindset and second off, find themselves in a position where that could be possible at the current moment, and of course, advanced down the line. Oh, man, that's tough. Um, you know, I think, well, one thing that I didn't do, and I'm sure it all contributed, but I never spent money on dumb shit. I did, you bought like stupid cars and stuff and went through some phases, and there's some expensive girls in there too. But I didn't spend money on dumb shit. Like, I didn't care about watches and jewelry, and I didn't care about designer clothes. I just didn't give a fuck. And I know that contributed a bit to just like saving when I was young, but it also is me now. Like, I don't own any jewelry. I don't own a watch. I don't have anything. I don't care. I just live a simple life. People spend a lot of money trying to impress people that they don't even like, and that don't like them. So keep that in mind. Investing a little bit goes a long ways over the course of 3040 years. Yeah. So if you're out there in your 20 years old, I know you don't have much money right now, because everyone's, you know, everyone's bus in their ass, but you should be putting like a hundred bucks a month into like, your, your funds or buy an S&P 500 or doing something. And just trust me, don't worry. It's going to go like this. Yeah. But like in 30 years, you're going to look and you're going to go, I got a chunk of money here. And now I can go to the bank and borrow some money, because they go, oh, you got money, because that's how rich people get rich, right? They don't use their money. Yeah. They just show their money to the bank and then the bank doesn't money. And so you got to start thinking about building wealth 10 bucks at a time. Yep. And it's a slug and it doesn't come fast, but it man, time's going to fly by, you're going to wake up tomorrow and you're going to be 35, and you're going to have $200,000 in your funds. Yeah. And you're going to be like, oh, shit. Okay. That's great. Right. And then you, you know, just, that's sort of thing. I've talked about it a bunch of times, but also to Dave made a very good point. He said, be nice to people. That was awesome. That was a cool part. And I can attest that right now, I have a project on the go. That is extremely interesting and exciting. And it is because I developed a relationship with someone based on just mutually respecting them, being nice to them. I knew this guy for a long time. I didn't know him real well. I knew him as like a good dude. We worked together many years ago. And I was like, oh, it's a good guy. You know, and then I respected what he was doing. He respected what I was doing. We were always cordial to one another. I'd see him around. Hey, you're doing man. Like, and just developing relationships like that. I had no idea that there was going to be a future, you know, possible business opportunity. Come up with this guy. It's not like he was being nice to me to get something out of me. And it's not like I was being nice to him for any reason at all other than just a good guy. And I'm nice to people. And we got to know each other started chatting on Instagram a lot more the last while. Like, hey, start like, you know, and now all of a sudden, there's a very exciting project happening with this guy. Because we're both nice guys. Like, you never know what opportunities are out there. And if you go through life with always bitchy resting face, and you don't say hi to people and you walk into the gym and don't talk to the staff. And you don't, you walk around the gym, scowling everyone. There's going to be hundreds of potential opportunities that just never come to you because everybody thinks you're a dickhead. Yeah. And I'm not any brilliant business man or anything. I know what I happen to know, but he came to me because I know those things. And he's like, you know some stuff that I need. And I've got some stuff that you need. And if we hook up, we can do something. And I'm like, you're fucking right, we can't. And so I'm excited about it. And so that's just my little reiteration of what Dave said. Like, you have to create opportunities for yourself without meaning to do so. Like, remember when we were in Germany Scott? Yeah. And it's the last day. Feeba was smoked. We're sitting down. We're eating. And this guy walks by and he's like, looking at us. When he finally stops by and he's like, I know you to Ron. And we're in the hotel long eating. Yeah. Yeah. And Ron goes, yeah. He goes, what? Oh, I sat next to you at a banquet of some sort. And in long story short, they go back and forth. You know, exchange conversation. And I looked at Ron and I said, it's so funny that that guy's stopping is a move people don't do. They see him. They go, I know that guy makes keep walking. And I didn't Ron can tell you this. I literally said, in 10 years, this could be something. Maybe not. Yeah. He paused. And you guys had a short conversation and introduced me. And I said, I'm going to go to this whole thing. It's all because that guy stopped. And because he obviously Ron left a impression on from their last meeting. And he's very much in the wheelhouse of what we do. And it was just funny because when he left, I said, that's just a run. I was like, people don't do that and it blows my mind. Yeah. He's a CEO of a major fitness chain here in Canada. Okay. Yeah. Like a massive franchise. Yeah. And I sat next to him at like a business development banquet that I got invited to because of West Coast Island. Uh-huh. And I just happened to be put at his table. And we start chatting and he's like, oh, I run all the blah blah blah. And I'm like, oh, yeah. And then we start chatting and he's like, hey, I like what you guys are doing. You know, it's not what we do. But I really respect you guys. I have to say, they're really cool niche going on. Like it's awesome. And then when you call them, they recognize you and you're so far out of their lane. You know? Yeah. I was like five years ago. Okay. And then he sees me and he's like, what do I know you? And I'm like, come from Vancouver and he goes, you own West Coast Island. And we start chatting and then this and then like Dusty says, you know, that's how guys wind up like owning stuff together. Yeah. And shit is like those types of things, but people don't take advantage of those opportunities. You know, great guy, really nice guy. But he was there too to like just look at equipment and stuff. Yeah. And so yeah. That was very cool. So opportunities for yourself. Go up to people. Say hi. I like that. It's enormous. Yeah. That was a good note to finish out with. Yeah. I got one thing. Yes. One thing. I did not watch hockey for about 20 years. Okay. You're welcome. I used to be a big hockey. Like I grew up watching playoff hockey all the time, right? Like it was a thing. I used to, you know, it was just a thing. You know, we're Canadian, but I kind of stopped watching hockey for years. I went to a couple of other games where I lived in Emmaton. You know, some playoff games versus Dallas. I was super exciting. You know, one and over. I was, you know, and I knew the oilers. I used to support them drinks at the bar. You know, Ryan Smith used to drink off. Me dug weight. We gave me his credit card. I'd run it through. Run it tab for the boys. Like I knew those guys. But hockey that we have seen for the last two years in the playoffs, including the first round that we just witnessed. We just witnessed is the greatest hockey I have ever seen in my life. And I am so happy that Americans and obviously Americans, I love talking to it to Greed, but the, like the viewership is skyrocketing. Oh yeah. And people are saying stuff like, I'm not going to watch the NBA. The playoff games are happening at the same time. I'm watching hockey. Okay. It is the, I have always said this. It is the playoff hockey is the perfect television sport. It is fast. It is extremely exciting. The camera can follow it very easily. You know, on soccer, you get lost in the field and nothing's happening for a while. There's like lots of violent contact, lots of exciting hits. The game we saw last night between Winnipeg and St. Louis that Dustin and I watched. Yeah. That is like absolutely mind blowing how exciting that game was. That's cool. And, and it also was a perfect showcase of how precise the skill is with some of the stuff they're doing. Like those two tip-ing goals that that guy got. Just people don't realize they think you're shooting the pocket that net and it goes in. No, no, they're doing like there's like 100 mile in our slap shots. And the other guys are holding their sticks up and just tipping the puck, changing the angle by like 10 degrees right under the goal. These are like some amazing shit and that tying goal with one second left. Scott, the team, my, the, the jets are down two goals with under two minutes left in the game. Okay. They score goal and then they end up scoring the tying goal with 1.6 seconds left. And then they win in double overtime. Double over two weeks. 30 plus minutes of hockey later. Ron text me at like 11 p.m. I just watched this game. I'm like, you're damn random watch of this game. That's epic. And another thing that Dallas gained the night before, which I also watched was incredible. And went, and also both for home team wins. Dallas won in Dallas win a pick one and win a pick in double overtime. Both came from behind. Both came from behind in the third period. That guy scored a hat trick in the third period. Like, just crazy. We're just seeing these performances from players that are like just putting their guts on the line. And like guys playing with bloody miles and smashed faces and broken bones in their foot. And it is like the showcase of what hockey is all about. And you know, we watch soccer players take dice and we watch basketball guys fall down. They didn't even get hit in the face. Oh my god, my face. And then you watch hockey. Like nobody's leaving the game. To give you an idea, Scott, after the Florida series, two Florida teams played. Nikki's team won the series, but Victor Hadman that plays for the Tampa Bay light. Yeah, they never say what injuries are during the series. And then they say no after. They let you know afterwards who is playing on a broken light. You're kidding me. Well listen, I get it now because they watch fucking thing. I keep it out of season of shoresy. So I might not be an actual fan, but I live in Detroit. Everybody around me is and I watch shoresy. So I know man. It's cool. It's cool. It's crazy. Yeah. Plus the the added bonus for the Dallas game that I got through and for anybody who's interested is this guy played for the avalanche. And his contract was coming up. Yeah. And he wanted his he wanted his money. And the avalanche said you're not, you know, you're not going to have to go to the Dallas. Yeah. And then he came there. He went to Carolina first, but as soon as they brought him in, they sign him to an eight year 12 million dollar a year deal. And he ends up being the one that scores three goals in the third period and knocks the avalanche out of the play. Yeah. But guy, you let go. I was like, oh, that had to be a little bit. It was a little bit. It was the ultimate revenge. Like of all player revenge of all traded players that have ever gotten revenge on the team. Yeah. And you mean like, here's your 12 million. One, two, three, go play ball. Yeah. Yeah. And also when that the hockey crowds is, is there a better hockey crowd than a home town over time with the same. That building explodes. Like it comes to your TV. Like, oh my god. Like it's like a bomb goes off when that puck went in with 1.5 seconds. Or whatever time. That TV just. That's nice. You always see that people hit the roof and I used to go to games and I left the game every single time with no voice. That's how loud you're in the crowd. Like I would leave and you couldn't even talk on the way home because your voices are all shot. Best time in your life. So I'm glad that Ron is back to the addiction because I know he's in after last year. I'm like, oh good. I've got somebody to send hockey. Yeah, I just say, don't you can send him stuff and talk about it. Yeah, exactly. Yeah, we just want to let the viewers know if you've never watched NHL playoff hockey, pick a game, round two is about to start. We got some crazy matchups, oilers and Vegas. Let's go. And who's your team right now, Dusty? Who's left for you guys? The Panthers and they're playing the, they're playing Toronto. So Florida's playing Toronto. I'd be good series. Yeah. The Leafs have been like dog shit for how many decades. Forever. Yeah, the first round for the first round. Yeah, the Leafs have just been like Toronto's heartbreak for like so long. And now all of a sudden round two, let's go. I guarantee you we have hockey fans watching this show right now. Oh, yeah. They should definitely let the run. They're not even right now. Ron and Dusty, you know, who are you, who are you rooting for? Right. Yeah, so it's just a little thing. It's just been so fun, man. The games have been awesome. And, you know, kind of makes me a little extra like a little extra Canadian pride there too. I like that kind of our exports. So bad as doing well. Okay. Is that it? That's it. Okay. We did pretty good today, gentlemen. That was fun show. Okay. Remember, like share, subscribe, comment, and ring the bell ring that bell. Remember, I am mutant.com. Get your discount. Do you want to save money? Do you want to take your money to Costco and buy some food? And you have enough left over for a bottle of gear. There you go. You're good. Okay. Yeah, bottle of test. Okay. So yeah, Dusty and Big Ron are your codes. Get your rights to search, get your all, and never one should get on the gear. I'm talking about the EAAs. Yes. And then if you, you know, with the one of you, save, you can buy bottle of test. There you go. Okay. Thanks everybody. Remember, it's just body building.