You just had a comment saying, now you cared for me and looked after me because you knew I wasn't long for this world. And then you just abused me. Ha ha. What? Welcome back to the podcast with Dave Crossland. I'm Scott McNally and all of our programming is brought to you by you. The people of Patreon, they could guys very much for your support. We are brought to you by evalbloodanalysis.com. If you're in the UK, you should definitely get your lab work done by Dave. And you can do so at evalbloodanalysis.com. Also, check out Strong Sports Nutrition. If you're on cycle, you're in any of some cycle support, storms, got it all. I've got my thrombomex right here. In fact, I got to take my thrombomex today. I took all my other stuff. Why did you always take your thrombomex on a Tuesday on the show? It's every week. I take every day. I take it. But I have it at my desk so I can show you guys the bottle. It's my show in tell for the morning. Check out Strong Sports Nutrition for great health stacks. We were also brought to you by Tritutrition.com. Use our code, think over there, to get 10% off. All your basic bodybuilding supplements, protein, partner, creatinine, to work out all that stuff. And of course, we are brought to you by SupplementSource.ca for our Canadians. They have great deals that change week to week, short dated label, change product, stuff like that. Dave, I got a topic for you. We've talked about, so we've talked net, now this is just off the cuff. I'm not going to call it a steroid profile. But I wanted to discuss with you. So last week, we talked about the levels of use from TTT or TT plus to actual cycles, to supercharged. Today, I want to take that into application with a little compound called Anavar. Now, I'd love to discuss a little bit about what Anavar is what family it's from. Some of the basic stuff that we've done in our steroid profile for anybody who hasn't seen that. But then also, how do we apply Anavar to a cycle? And I think we go a couple different directions, because you can use that in a cut. You can use that in and off season. You can use it on your TTT plus. Yeah, I think Anavar was late 50s, early 60s. DHT, obviously, doesn't convert to each region. It's rumored. I've seen some study support in this. And actually, I have seen some bloods that would potentially support this study. May have a very mild increase in the conversion of T4 to T3. Really? I haven't heard that before. I have heard that it is more like it is better at storing creatin than other AAS. It's not particularly out of the orals. It's, I believe it's the mildest on liver. But it is. It is. It lowers HDL and increases LDL. So it's not the greatest on the on the lipid front. Don't see why females, 510 have a user 20 maybe a little bit more male. I would say generally speaking, you're looking at 30 to 50, 60. Well, that's where we got a, that's where we got to redefine our dosing, right? Because after last week, like what are you talking? Because we have four levels. So number one, it doesn't fit into T, true, legit T or T. Right? So T or T plus, it would not be 30 to 60, right? No, well, now this is the thing. If you're looking at TRT plus, you're looking at your long term application, then you're going to be looking at 10 to 20s, because you're not going to be wanting to run any more for a long term exposure. Yeah. The higher the dose, the more limited you are on the amount of time, you can expose your body to it with it being something how can they compound? So yeah, I would say there is a possibility of seeing it in a T or T plus scenario, but it would be a very low dose. And then I would question whether it was really worth it. I could see benefit, man. I mean, I think somebody, one of our listeners, talked about using 10 milligrams recently, like long term. And they found that like their liver values weren't elevated. They got enhanced performance in the gym long term from it. You know, I mean, it's not going to put on, but it's like kind of like if you're going to do T or T plus, you're also going to have to accept that you're not going to, number one, you're not going to get as many sides, but then you have to accept you're not going to get the results that you would off of a legit cycle. So legit cycle, you said like 30 to 60. I'm with you 100% on that, man. What about duration on that 30 to 60? I like to keep it six to eight, but you could handle longer. It's not, you know, it's definitely not cast in stone on that. You, you could get away with more. And it's perfectly viable as a standalone compound. The only limiting fact of there is low estrogen. Because obviously, with it not converting, and it's suppressing your guillotine to a point where you should use low which will start to then cause issues. Yeah, yeah. So I saw here, just a bit of information just says that it was first synthesized in the 1960s. I thought it was 60s. Yeah. Yeah, it says for women in children to promote lean tissue growth after surgery, trauma and infection. Hmm. They said subsequent studies later show that Oxan's alone had six times greater antabolic activity as compared with testosterone. So it does, but then you've got to start looking at the dosing and that's where it all changes because the significance of the action of a compound in a lab environment, yeah, of an injectable against an oral straightaway. The bioavailability of an oral is significantly lower than that of an injectable. So even though it may be more effective, you're not getting as much into your system in as an efficient way as you would do with an injectable. Obviously you're limited on dosing, you're limited, like exposure. So even though on paper, it's got an anabolic of low 300s, up to 600s, there is actually a range. And actually a very low endogenic of low 20s, I think it is low 20s, there is somewhere around there. And that's what I think has made it traditionally favorable for female. Yes. It isn't actually the paper doesn't roll out into real life because the limitations of application from administration and exposure to dosing. Yeah. Half-life is quite long for an oral look. It's like, what is nine hours? Yeah, yeah, okay. Well, a lot of the others are like five. Yeah, no, I've heard people say, like, oh, I really like it pre-workout personally, man. I never really got a lot out of it pre-workout. I did 100 meg. Okay, yeah, I never did 100 meg for pre-workout. I did 100 meg, but yeah. You also did 100 and a var with 100. Oxi. And a drum, right? Yeah, that would be a little pre-workout boost. My liver would be crying though. I probably wouldn't be able to eat for the rest of the week after that when dosing. It's not super-suppressive. It does take a while to fully shut you down. Yeah. I'm trying to think there was a study. It's somehow like 30 or 40 milligrams and what they saw was a 50 or 50 percent spread. It's not that much. Okay. Well, I was wondering. When I did that, and then when I did that podcast as far as dosing goes with Scott Stevenson, he determined that based off of rat models converting that to humans, that an ideal dosing would be up to 60. At that point, you know, there's a continued benefit. The higher you go, but then that starts to fall off. The cost of benefits starts to fall off after that. That 60 milligrams, I guess it would probably be different for everybody. I feel like standard dosing has been around 50 giver take for people in that four to eight week range. Big question I wanted to ask you, you know, this was one of the worlds we can use in both in offseason and in a cut. Where would you apply it in offseason cycle? It would depend on what the person was trying to achieve. I'm a big preacher of drugs at all, pick the tool for the job. If you're all out, dirty bulk strength as much mass as possible, there's big in a strongest possible. I wouldn't be looking at it or something. I wouldn't be looking at it at an avarice. But if you're more of a lean bulk and you're trying to control body fat a bit better, then definitely drugs like T-bulm and then the vow would be compounds I would be considering. I liked to put them back off. Simple reason, yeah, and there was a trend for a long time of kickstarting with orals, but my arguments always be, if you run into appetite or liver stress from orals early on in your cycle, you have pretty much screwed the rest of the cycle, because then you're trying to improve that in an environment where it's very difficult to do it. And though injectors are particularly liver toxic, they're also not particularly liver supportive. If you're that so, they're not going to really help you get it back to normal. So I've always liked to put them in at the back of and there's three reasons. One, if we have problems, we can end the cycle, because we've already had six, eight weeks, ten weeks gone. So we're not losing what was a fairly effective cycle. Two, I like to have a point in a cycle where there's a change in dosing, or if extra compound comes in, or some, so I don't like static cycles, like my cycles to change as we move through them. And generally reaching six weeks and beyond peak doses for the last six weeks. So I like the fact that I can add an hour in or any oral in last six weeks, increase total dosage and run out, but they're going to start lower than what you'd expect for that cycle as well. So it balances out over time. And then the other thing is, I was just going to completely out my fucking head. Well, while you think about that, I'll say this. Well, psychological boost, the fact that you know you've increased things and you've added something else. Oh, yeah, yeah. Yeah, no, there's definitely, I think, something to that. That vibe, you know, you're like, it's been the same for the last eight weeks, and now we're getting into the antivarm. Also, great for, you know, skip absolutely loves at skip Hill for contest prep. I personally, I've always leaned into windstroll. I've had that conversation with him and Andrew. Andrew and I are both more prone to prefer windstroll in a cut in that last, you know, that last phase going into a show, especially by the end of life. And then you're just like, you know, just like he likes the, the, the hardness that he gets from it. Although I feel like in my opinion, windstroll to me and my experience is always given a drier nastier appearance to the muscle. And Andrew agreed with me on that. But hey, I really think that we could probably do next to the same thing. Like if we had to all alternative worlds, right, where we took the same client and one of them used windstroll. Andrew, one of them used anavar, I don't think that it's going to be so different, you know, I'll say in, when they get to the stage. Yeah, it's, that, that the issue with all this, when you're trying to do comparisons, like that, there's so many variables from training, diet, genetics, tolerances, everything else. There's really hard to do a comparison, even within the same person, because no perhaps ever the same. Yeah, yeah. But I, I would, I would be with you. I would say, I would say, compress windstroll over another. That would be my personal choice. But I think, anavar's probably better tolerated all around. I would agree, I would agree, you know, with, I've heard recently people say, like, the whole joint issue thing was a fallacy. I don't think that's true. I do think that there is joint issue stuff with Winsdrill. I've seen it firsthand. Yeah, I had. Maybe it was lowering a vastrogen. I don't know. But I have seen it in much more so than with anavar. I agree. I think it's more than anti-progestinic activity. Okay, it causes the joint pain, but yes, I, I have seen it definitely. I've seen people for the most part tolerate low-eachigen or temporary low-eachigen anyway, relatively well. But yes, I mean, at the same time, I've seen people develop joint issues from low-eachigen as well. So, well, but I do think Winsdrill's a little bit more effective in that region. Yeah. All right, well, listen, we got a bunch of other stuff. I just figured it'd be fun to jump in and kind of, we could reinvestigate anavar based off of our new system of our staircase system of, you know, where does it fit into TRT? So, I'd say just to recap, TRT, not at all, TRT plus, maybe 10 milligrams. And that's where vigorous Steve, by the way, had thrown out that dosing of 10 milligrams. I checked out his video. He wasn't talking about 10 milligrams of anavar to build actual legit, you know, cycle like Bustle. He was talking about a TRT plus cycle, and then, you know, going into that maybe 30 to 60 for your average cycle, and maybe up to 100 for the absolute top-end, you know, pro-level guys. Yeah, I mean, I just, I think when you start going over that, there's no real extra benefits of the extra dosing, but what we were talking about last week about most people, actually end up settling around the two and a half grams, give a take of it. Even though they may go higher for a period of time, and I think that's where I say I'm in anavar, you know, I don't see any benefit at all to go in above 100 in anyone. Yeah. Oh, in the stream, somebody said, they're like, hey, I thought debaul was used in the 30s. No, it was Dr. John Sigler. And it was either 56 or 58, Dave, that they came out. Yeah. I want to say 58. I'll look it up. No, I might have an error, so. Okay. Oh, let's see. Yeah. Where is this info? Oh, 55. Okay. Originally developed by C but in 55. Maybe it was marketed. The John Sigler thing is, is this quite a lot of argument against that. What's that that he didn't invent it? Yeah. He didn't really, I mean, there are other names associated with it. Okay. There is the reason actually of a name's attribute to his development. I like the story, whether it's true or not, I don't care. I just really like the story. Yeah, as far as I know, he named it after his wife. Am I right about that? Oh, yeah, his wife was called Debo. No, Diane. Diane. Imagine that, Dave Abol. Oh, I would love that. Someone, please invent a new story to name it, Dave Abol. Yeah. All right, guys, listen, we have a bunch of listener questions. As we always do, you guys are freaking awesome. In fact, our listeners are the greatest Dave. We got a lot of really good feedback on the last show. They really appreciated it. And all your comments, we read them all. I go through all of them. Leave questions for the next episode. If you're new here with love to have you along for everything, in fact, we had a young guy who was like 19 years old, Dave, and he was like, you know, I really loved this show. When I get to be my later 20s, because he's like, I'm 19 now. When I'm in my later 20s, I'm really going to miss this show. I can't find this. I'm in a my little cough, Dad. But I might see that. I mean, to outlive, because the amount of people that said I would be dead by the time I was 50. Yeah. Yeah. So I'm just f- she is still doing this. Even if I'm just a head on a plate, you know, yeah, connected to the show. I'm going to carry on going just to spy everyone that said I died. Yeah. Yeah. Seek. Uh, well, just call him. Seek he says, uh, I'm 19. And I know I'll miss these videos when I reach my late 20s. This is honestly the best channel ever in Scott just gives off the cool Uncle vibes. Thank you. I appreciate it. No, we don't go vibes. Uncle, Uncle Dickhead from the family wedding. Yeah. Dave. We also got a guy who said, uh, thank you guys so much quality and full with lots of laughter on my part. We're Dave, we try to have fun with this, you know, uh, there's so many, I think steroid channels that are just like dead serious all the time. Like, you know, all these other people are wrong. We're right. You know what I mean? You're right. Do this. I'd like to think that one of the big differences between us and a lot of the other channels is that I find with a lot of the channels as he's underlying quite strong current of self promotion. Yeah. Don't get me wrong. We promote our services, you know, we both advertise that we do coaching and everything else. Of course. We don't use this platform to try and make ourselves sound, but in fact, most of the time we make ourselves sound dumb. Yeah, but I think if anything, you know, I feel like we expose ourselves for what we don't know. You know, but we don't use this as a platform to try and make ourselves sound cleverer than the next guy. Yeah. And I'd like to think that that's one of the reasons why people like it's because it's a bit more real. Yeah, I know, I would hope so too. Yeah. All right. How about this one? So from our listener questions, what's the best injection frequency daily every other day or two to three times a week? Data does say that daily mitigates E2 elevation more stable hormonal balance. Would you agree with this or two to three times a week is good to go? Test only no other compounds. Thanks, guys. Right. This is actually quite interesting. And you always hear that it's not as bad as it was, but there was an obsession with stable but we've got to keep bloodstream stable. And it is true that if you do minimize fluctuation, you do reduce estrogen conversion. E2 should be in conversion though that is totally reducing dependent as well. But particularly the TIT format. If you're not getting any elevation pikes at a post injection or big spikes post injection then you do significantly reduce estrogen and more frequent injection has proven time and time again that it does lower the conversion to E2. And so this has been cited as this is why we should keep the level stable. This is why you don't want fluctuations because fluctuations are bad. However, there is an opposite side to this and there are some negatives from stable levels. We aren't designed to have stable hormones in fact with design for our test levels to fluctuate by about 10 and more a day. And even a meal can affect our end-more levels by as much as four. So yes, naturally. So we are designed for fluctuation. When you stabilize your testosterone levels particularly in a TIT environment where we are normally running up a third, maybe even quite close to the limit, we are going to start to increase things like HDL, suspension, we are going to increase things like increase hemoglobin. So yes, there is a trade off with estrogen being better managed but the opposite side of that is you are going to see more blood thickening, you are going to see more lipid adulteration. The other thing is that over stabilization of hormones can increase the clearance rate. So you are metabolizing drugs, sometimes realize that, but our body is metabolizing drugs and the happens that different rates depend on body fat lifestyle, diet, alcohol, and genetics, and dosen, and how stable your levels are. And if your levels are stable, you will start to clear the drug out slightly faster. So I am personally of a fan of a 2-3. On a 2-1 after, by the way, yeah, you have got a specific rate. Long as there is 2-3. The only time that would go to daily is if the volume was that high. Because what I do not want to be doing is injecting large volumes of oil on my injection days. So if so for argument say, your average user, let's say a gram total or 1200 total, then 2-3 shots a week, you are going to be more than ample. You are banging in 3 gram a week, then you are probably going to be looking at nearly every day. Just so you space out the volume of oil is going into your body. Yeah, I think that one of the things people like about every day, now days, has been that a lot of times if their doses aren't super high, they can get away with insulin pins, you know, because they are just, it's an easier shot. And let's be honest, man, taking an insulin pin shot is not nearly, there what? Fummies. It's not nearly the production, you know, is doing a big old fashion 3-C-C. Yeah, big old green tip pin. Yeah, you know, this makes me think too Dave, I got to be honest with you, if you go back to some of the old episodes of body-building nerds radio, like I'm talking circa 2015, I used to talk a lot about every other day shots of long esters. At the time, man, there was nobody else talking about it. Now, if I were more of a better human being, I would say that I invented that. I would say that everybody else is copying off me and that they owe me, you know what I mean? Now that you're doing that, you owe me, you know, some level of nod that, you know, it all comes back to the, I was the one who started that. I'm, to be realistic, I know I wasn't, but they're, yeah, thank you, Dave, I appreciate you. The reason I discovered it though was because like, at the time, literally 2015, everybody was doing two shots a week, two shots a week, two shots a week. And less you had super high doses. I found that because of acne, if I went to every other day with those same long compounds, man, it literally was a night and day difference for my, my side effects. Now, fast word to today, and I have to tell people like, hey, you don't need to do every day. Some people think like it's got to be done every day, no, you know? There is one of the facts into that as well, which seems to be less of a concern these days. I don't see it as much, whether that's just because I'm not experiencing people that have it, but obsessive seem to be much less of a problem these days. And obviously, every time you inject, every spectrum of size of needle, you are in the risk of infection. Yes, there it is. We don't seem to have come about 10, 15 years and you would see obsessive to the case, not every day, but you'd see them occasionally. You'd hear somebody that had a now I don't really see it very often. It seems to be something that's almost become a thing of the past. Let's be honest with you. I wonder, do we? Moller could be, could be the smaller needles, could be the smaller dose, and or is it just right? People wanted me to eat these days, so no, no. Yeah. Or cleaner overall gear is the gear better. You know, possibly. Yeah, possibly. I do think the gear market in general has got much better in general. I mean, all right, it's not as good as when I start, because it was all far but I think the UJL scene of the last sort of five years has definitely got a lot more responsible. And I make sense as well. You're not a mean of you. You're going to sell a quality product. You're going to have a long and a better business. Yeah. All right, how about this one from lightweight, baby? Question for you guys. I love GH, but I have sides on higher doses. Being over 40 years old would a low dose of 1.5 units every morning blunt my natural production would I be better off with none at all hoping for the best recovery benefits? I don't think there's an issue with long term use in the sense of using it therapeutically as you would be at around 1.5 to IU a day. I don't see much benefit to pushing it really high. I generally cap out four to six are you. I do like every other day protocols, but yes, at 1.5 IU you are going to blunt natural production. So it's entirely up to you really, but you know there are a lot of benefits, especially in an aging male or an aging anybody. There are some benefits to having a GH protocol and as long as you just keep an eye on BG and HP01C and that's other stuff. I don't see there being a very big issue. The only real note you think with GH is, it doesn't cause this before anyone starts misquoting me, but it's definitely in our compound. You're one of your sister and if you get cancer. Yeah, there is that. Really does spread that shit fast. So that is the only real worry in thing for me about long term GH application is you know. I mean we're talking now one in two people get cancer. Oh god. Let's see. Oh this guy got a lot of flack. He said I'd say brosycle start at 1 gram and from all the videos I've watched including Tom Platt's interviews with the pros. Top end is about 2 grams. The let yates, chromier, numen, and levrony all hovered around that 1.5 to 2 grams. Now I think that was maybe in the 90s. Yeah, you know what I mean? I think that all those pros have probably for the large percentage of their careers maybe stuck at those sort of doses. But I would go out and eliminate say there's been at least one point where they've pushed it higher to see. Yeah, because it's still outweighed. That natural progression, you know, we are in and more is always better, more muscle, more condition, you know, it always is. It just comes with the mindset for this. I would find it difficult to believe that none of them have at least one high high. Well like I mean what's high high? I think that that's kind of it's it's it's well isn't it? It's relative and then it's like based off of what other people are doing. So imagine two grams back in like Arnold's day, you know, they weren't all doing as much like it's over time high, the definition of high is I think slowly changed, you know. This is well yes, I mean if everyone else is doing a thousand and you'll do a 17 hundred you're high. Yeah, yeah. All right, how about this one? Oh, does trend cause brain damage? Also how long does it stay in the brain seems that it takes a while to leave the brain? For the duration of brain with the trend within the brain I honestly don't know what a can tell, yeah, which may give some indication is that they found trend immatipalize in rabbits and they looked at how is trend getting into a rabbit and what they discovered was that they were putting trend in cattle. Okay, the B. Finistory uses trend in cattle and namely finiat. And the trend metabolites were being excreted by the cattle going on to vegetation that the rabbits were then eating and the trend metabolite was then being picked up. That doesn't mean the rabbits were on trend we're not seeing trend bunnies. Talk about that I think or why I go different for like a huge amount of statement. The the the metabolite was present so that being said it would suggest that it could potentially hang around for quite a long time as a metabolic now whether that is guinea menis having any impact I honestly don't know. Does trend damage the brain? Yes, there's a growing number of study support in this now. It was said that trend causes Alzheimer's slightly misconstrued what they saw was cellular damage that was similar or level of Alzheimer's rather than actual Alzheimer's but yes, though if you want to look at some work on trend look at some of the stuff come out of Oslo University. They've done a lot of brain chemistry stuff and brain malformation stuff around the airs use particularly stuff like the malformation of the immagledeer which is our emotional control center and they've found quite a few structural changes within the brain due to antibiotics and all those it would appear that trend is the most impacting. Wait, the non-19s in general but Nandalone, Nandalone disrupts like dopamine and stuff like that which is why people get depressed on Deca. Do you think that researcher that Austrid lady would come on with us? I wouldn't even know how to get older but now. I found her a while back on social media and I friended her she doesn't have like very many friends she doesn't do this. I friended her and she, she friended me back so I could reach out to her. Yeah, do, she used to be on mine but I don't think I've got her anymore but do, I would love to have her up. Okay, so I've got this study up as you're mentioned that I pulled it up. Androgen abuse in the brain that she was part of in one of the highlights said exactly what you were talking about that they're seeing some similarities. Okay, in addition to her and below and seemed to cause the most harm they were looking at androgen in general as it decreased the number of neurons impaired mitochondrial function and down reggae-ladered TBB3 gene expression critical for nervous system development. These neural adaptations likely play a role in mental health problems and they also found that okay, the nantrolone increased inflammatory markers. They're further down in here, though, somewhere they were saying that androgen's in general age the brain basically and that they saw androgen use across the board did show signs of a more aged brain which had then the signs of more likely to have Alzheimer's issues. So, trend also reduces GABA, which then helps regulate neuron which is why you get the anxiety and the overthinking because what you get is to get stimulation of neuroinactivity that you calm then calm down. So you won't think because it cripples your GABA. Yeah, we got a question by the way about that reminded me about pregnant alone and what do we think about using pregnant alone and I think one of the reasons that people like it is because they may be able to improve their GABA through that all-low pregnant alone conversion. But what do you think about it and one other thing I had thought I'm before I guess I asked that that got me thinking and I asked if Victoria was like you know what do you think about it? What did she think about it in place of using supplemental GABA to increase GABA and since since as we talked about recently supplemental GABA doesn't cross the blood-brain barrier but she said there's a theory that says it doesn't need to because it does have a ton of GABA receptors in the gut and the gut line to the brain is so strong that affecting the gut and all the serotonin receptors that we have in our in our gut are a direct impact on the brain. So it doesn't need to cross the blood-brain barrier. I wanted to get that out there you know but which I thought was best any but what do you think of pregnant alone is that something you would ever supplement with people? You didn't y'all know at the beginning of the show by the way. I did probably end up with people kind of. Oh I missed it. I honestly don't know me. Going back to the GABA thing though which is quite interesting and the reason I say is quite interesting because the number of people that have reported improved sleep etc etc etc from GABA supplementation. Yeah. The most be something going on even if you didn't know about the gut stuff there must be something going on because people take it and get improvements. Well it will no matter what even if that theory wasn't correct, there are a ton of receptors on the muscle so you will get like a skeletal muscle relaxation I believe from GABA. Even that aside from the gut connection to the brain you know. I'll see if I can find that question because I know it's in here somewhere with pregnant. Look no it's getting all technical and deep foam shit. Yeah. And what sounds like we know what we're talking about. No it's all a farce. It's all a farce. Let me see what else we got here. Oh there's that I just love that comment. I'm back again to the seek. I'm 19 and I know I'll miss these shows in my late 20s. I don't know Dave where we're going to be man. Okay. So he's 20s. That means we've got to stay alive in over eight years. Yeah. Fuck you'll be eights. Oh this is a nice comment at the beginning of his question. He says this is quickly become one of my favorite podcasts. I've been on to TRT 200 milligrams a week with labs around 800 to 1100 NG E2 without any AI is in the 40s with one milligrams of anastrosol. It's in the 20s. I'm thinking about running a test cycle at 400 to 500 milligrams a week split into three injections. My question is should I run two milligrams of anastrosol split into two doses right away or wait a few weeks and get blood work? Well I feel a difference between 200 to 400 and is a three month cycle appropriate for the doses I plan for this dose. I plan to drop 250 milligrams or two months following. I don't have an issue with the total dose in for the period of time. I don't see any problem with that. The conversion of testosterone to estrogen is not linear. So I was testosterone in other ways. The conversion rate does not remain constant. So if you've got for argument say 200 milligrams and you've got 400 milligrams you're unlikely to get a double of your estrogen. So I would actually start a 0.5 A next twice a week and then check your levels around week five to six and then adjust if necessary but you might find you can get away with 0.5 times three a week rather than two or one milligrams. Yeah will he notice a difference between 200 to 400? Yes. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. I mean dude that's like like we talked about last week if you take a testosterone at its normal love like in normal ranges it acts as just like a normal hormone in your body but it becomes drug like you know what I mean as you start getting outside of that normal range it's not like vitamin C where you take twice as much and you just pee it out. What was the drug that got banned and got heavily pleased because it was used as a taken advantage of female health on date. It wouldn't say that word in case it got a small bomb the mean. Yeah I don't know if I can even say that word but it would be GH and then we're letter. Sorry I mean the reason I bring it up is because Blunt forced on you was saying she can never get to sleep and I was straight away I went why don't you try and then I was like god I can't remember it. Yeah that's the first super addictive man back in the 90s before people really knew there were a lot of cases of people you know really getting warmed on that yeah you are to you definitely had to do a sort of on off protocol with the stuff but he was interesting. Find a but you would probably be milder yet still addictive option you know. Yes they the old yes. Did I ever tell you about the story of my training partner who had a problem with GH followed by the second letter at the alphabet. Did I ever tell you that story? No no this is weird dude. I kind of almost forgot about this. I've got it I've got a GH second letter of alphabet story that I'm not going. Okay so check this out I forgot about this maybe I kind of blocked it out. I was training at in any time fitness and I started getting ready for my first show and that's when I got laid off for my job and I intentionally like took the lay off so that like the last eight weeks I could really like you know focus on the prep and not have to work it was a terrible mistake man I just spent a lot of time sitting on my couch at home hungry here's the deal so I met this guy he's he's no longer with us. I won't say his name I'll call him Dan that's not his name so I meet Dan Dan's a personal trainer he's a little bit older than me jacked dude shaved head tattoos and crazy cauliflower ear on both of his ears he's a he's an MMA fighter but he also lifted he had some incredible stories that I wish he could come on the show and tell about going to Mexico, Tijuana and bringing back the goods anyway so we start training together and I tell him like yeah I'm getting ready for my first show every day super dependable we're training together and I noticed sometimes like we'd have more coherent conversations and others while we're training sometimes like I just felt like I couldn't connect to Dan like he just like something was off and I also noticed this smell and his breath that I couldn't quite put my finger on but it was kind of chemically smelling anyway um one day I come to the gym and I'm there to do my aim fast cardio and he's training a client this isn't any time fitness where the only people in the building and uh is this regular client this woman is who's in her 40s and I see her from time to time and I'm on the machine and as she's walking by I just uh I smile to her and wave and she looks super distraught dude as she's walking away are you texting the middle of my story? No no I'm not so she walks away right and I didn't really notice but like something was really off with her so then Dan comes walking up and he's like slurring his speech is like yeah we are we on to train today buddy and I'm like yeah and he's like super animated and and something wasn't right like something wasn't right with him I'm not even connecting that he's on a minor mood all during his substance and he goes and sits down in the office I finish my cardio and then I walk over there to say hi you know I'm gonna leave and all that and he's sitting in his chair and his eyes are like rolling around in his head and I was like Dan you are right dude what's going on and he was just like and I kind of put my hand on him you know it's like brother you know what's up brother you are and I was like oh I'm still not queuing in I'm like holy shit he's having some sort of stroke you know and so at this point another trainer shows up both of these guys are independent they don't work for the the other guy didn't work for the gym Dan did the other guy's got his client and I go over to that guy and I'm like hey Dan's got a medical problem we need to call the ambulance and he was like oh no he doesn't have a medical problem it's like what do you mean he's like he abuses GH second letter to the alphabet oh shit so anyway I go back over to the office to see if he's in there you know or to see if he's coherent I had shut the door and the door locked from the inside he's the only person with the key so now I'm looking at him through this window and he's like passed out unconscious and I'm thinking to myself holy crap what if he's like oh deying right now you know and I'm saying all of a sudden I'm thrusting the middle of this so I go back to the other guys like dude I can't get in there man and I don't know what's going on he's like you should call the you know 911 so I do and they come out and I was like I meet them at the door to let them in because the door is locked to get into the gym like he's in the office and they're like bald guy with tattoos and I was like yeah and they're like yeah we figured I was like oh this isn't the first time you've been here for him and they were like the first time we've been here a bunch I was like oh shit so yeah anyway he was okay he said you didn't try to wake him did you and I said yeah I did and they said well you're lucky because he's swings when he's unconscious like we need to get big guys in there to wake him up because and they need to hold him when they wake him up because he's a fighter dude and he'd wake up for him swinging so I got lucky I didn't get freaking knocked out but yeah that was my story man that was the last time we trained together too anyway yeah I remember it going around and we used to get it in it was actually orange juice balls so there were little plastic bottles with an orange lid and used to get pre-made okay and it was like drinking extremely salty water and I was working the doors so I was late night early mornings super popular in the club scene and the bars was like yeah well this was way before they was only it was only just in the body building seeing it hadn't broken through into a rare is okay so we got we got back 30 odd years yeah so it hadn't really hit the club scene so it alternative use hadn't come to light at this point so it was only really being used in the body building scene and it was being used as a massive GH really so right yeah so the theory of the only was you got you went straight into our EM deep sleep you got much better sleep and a big dump of GH so I'm absolutely shattered in my car get this sleep I know I'm working the doors that night and I know I'm gonna be up to the early hours of the morning so I'm right I'll just take a bit tell me get some sleep I vaguely remember being woken up I don't remember getting to work I don't let the half of what happened to where that I was off my rocket holy crap dude absolutely off my tits all night long and then I was trying yeah yeah yeah oh my god holy crap I could play space get it did you talk to people afterward were you like hey mate was I off yesterday I know I didn't really I don't know if people know Eastern just didn't say anything or if whatever but I went to work okay mama went to bed got up the next day and like not doing that again oh my god man dude yeah I remember being the teenager and seeing them I remember like an endcap display at GNC oh I used to get it pre-made and then the next time I got it it was I got it in the actual crystal form I didn't know that was even a thing I know yeah it was really could be crystal form and you had to make it yourself which was really hard to get right and you ended absolutely having nothing or chromatosing yourself too much yeah but I tasted awful yeah yeah um let me see if we can run through anything real quick here struggling with my appetite and have done previous Balkan cycles I'm three weeks into a 1200 milligram test 600 milligram EQ 600 NPP per week 50 oxa pre-work out six I use a GH adding insulin to help and wood and adding insulin help to increase appetite definitely putting on size already just can't face the food I need to get down I would say drop the anodrol I would agree I'd even be tempted to reduce the overall dose and I think there might be a few things but definitely the anodrol is is going to be playing havoc where you're still making your appetizer get rid of that if it doesn't improve you know from that I would potentially review the cycle maybe just chip a little but I'm not saying slosh it but maybe just chip a little bit off it but insulin could potentially help am case six and seven could potentially help GHRP's could potentially help so there's a few things you can go down to try and increase your appetite yeah if he's right early in the cycle though man three weeks in I bet you three weeks is enough time to that's not I bet three weeks isn't enough time to destroy your appetite I would say yeah without doubt without doubt yes yeah yeah I would just pull that and give it time and see I'm gonna see if there's a nice comment I think what I like fast about Scott is the way he treats Dave like every day could be his last we all know about Dave's past health scares Scott is so kind to him and shows him love even in sarcasm Dave will never admit it but he loves Scott like a brother as he should the world would be a much better place if there were more better place with more scots bless you both I'll try to add a sound effect into that smile oh could you all right exactly let me just let the life through here make sure we're not missing anything there where was that one there was a guy who asked us about pregnant alone um here's the thing I don't think that we have a lot of tests going very quiet oh I have yes but I'm speaking to your microphone so never I'm having to tell him how to do his job I might how was that no shit okay well I think it's on the right I would say I am personally not a fan I don't know I haven't used it a lot okay but I have I have seen a lot of variability in response we're depending on a lot of downchanged shit to happen is what it comes down to and there's not a lot of predictability out of that are you gonna end up a little bunch of progesterone maybe you know what I mean I would say that I would either I yeah I'm just personally not a big fan but hey that said if you've experimented with it and you like it then I'd say go for it I know there are people out there that are like huge fans of these compounds that will depend on a lot of mutate a lot of changes a lot of alterations in order to get to an end result I would rather just go to that end result I'll say that um Dave do you have any advice for us not a bean lot of talk about sleep stuff on here don't the sleep inducing pap-tiny I haven't tried it I forgot people talk about it I have did pullerow you got nothing from it not not a thing but then I didn't get anything from godboro melatonin okay um that's why I said it golf hotel bravo very well put Ryan he was using yeah he didn't want to say the letters just a lot of talking our comments section about sleep stuff today apparently sleep is important it's it's amazing how an impact of poor sleep or good sleep can have on you on your wellbeing hey Mickey you're so fine you're so fine you blow my mind hey Mickey nobody knows what you mean what you mean nobody knows what my is you have to be my age like 58 don't understand that would it be a bad idea for me to start tier T at 28 with total test of 378 and for this I was like you need it sir but why is he there you know what I mean just be chanette eggs or you could be a raving alcoholic I don't know I mean there's this there's you know it does happen people do have low tests that young ages just because life's been cruel yeah in the same way as life could be extremely generous and make you beautiful like me Ryan shared with us a bunch of stuff about trying and rabbits but he also has to the important question what's the update with Dave's pro charger? Dave's no is that no because the few is of the show chief nasty type assholes that don't contribute to the foot so there you go Dave telling Scott to speak into the mic is a real kind of calling the kind of black sort of thing regards the the pro chat no there are jobs that need to be done in the short term a new fuel in system new cooling systems new braking systems so they are all getting done I thought you meant jobs that need to be done like before I give myself a present like that I'm going to take care my body do my cardio get my health in order and then then I'll when I earn the pro charger. Simon Simon Romanova phones you and I'll quiet that I come here. Hey didn't you do something recently wasn't there some sort of monster event or something like that? Monster clothing or something like that? No so we go up to monster once a month with the fact so we were up at monster last Saturday but this Saturday we're at fully pumped gym in good to say no rich for the gasp even and I'm doing this seminar with Mr. Styles. Oh that's right okay so let's still come up Nathan Styles crazy on this legs in the sport man. Yep this is got no wild freaking quads doesn't he? So we're doing we're doing a seminar on Saturday and the vans are at fully pumped in Norwich at the gasp event. It's also the PCA natty finals this weekend and we're there as well collecting people's wee wee. Okay and old folks at Rovram on Sunday. See you guys are doing drug testing. Yes okay. Well we actually do the testing we collect the samples on behalf of King's College and they get sent to King's College for the testing. Do you see the results? No. Okay because I was kind of curious to see what that would come back. No so part part of the process of what we do is we convert the person into a numerical code and then from us onwards their sample is only known by the numerical code there's no names attached to it so there can be no bias by a lab that can never be a tamperin because nobody knows who's who who's who of our farmers. That makes sense. Hey I got a drug testing question for you. So when you go to a contest and you go in the bathroom for some reason competitors they would like to buy the end of the night like they won't be flushing the toilet so you go in the toilet and first of all there's big like tan marks from butt cheeks that people who'd been sitting on it there's that but then the toilet is just filled with piss. If I were to take you to a bag show mate. If I were to take a testing cup and dip it into that even though it's mixed with toilet water could we test that for for substance in how many different substances do you think does positive for in that toilet? A lot. That would be kind of a fun project to see just see what's all in there. One of the things they touch for when they test you right and he's creating. Yeah. And they do it as a way of determining whether the person has tried to hype a high rate. Oh yeah yeah. Because if creating a concentration is low then it's a sign of potential high hydration and therefore they would be cold for a second of the tests. Yeah. I remember back in 2015 or so there was a guy from the Middle East who worked with a lot of people from like IPB worlds and all that and they were using incontinence medications to mask. That was like the big thing. I'm sure that's over with now. That's a decade ago and everything changes quickly you know what I mean? But he did something to change the metabolites. Testing has got more and more advanced and it is harder and harder to mask. He's more of a lot of test avoidance now. He's more around better management of when you use the compounds and how you use them in time into when you're going to be tested. Yeah. Yeah. That would make sense to me. Yeah so there's a lot more of that goes on now. I've said now that has been around for a lot of years. It was always he's humans that used that approach rather than Westerners. But yeah I mean it's but I mean you still get people and it's like you'll see boxes fading for decade and you just think why have you even got it in your system? Yeah and I think that might be a metabolite issue. In fact Victoria has a kind of a theory on that that there may be there may be some natural metabolites and because there's been a bunch of women that popped positive for Deca and it's like why would these women having used Deca in order to say and it's like it doesn't that doesn't make sense. So yeah anyway you got like even a little piece of advice for us? Sleep is important. Yeah. Okay. That was me advice. I did it and you did not college it. Oh I did realize how important sleep is. Well usually you make it into a this big production. Don't because you said I was to simplify it and I wasn't to do it that way anymore and all I needed was simple things. So my simple advice is we do not underestimate the importance of sleep. But you kind of like buried the lead on it you know what I'm saying like it was I don't know you just just do a better Dave all right. I'm trying it. Guys we appreciate you tuning in. Thank you for being here. Thank you for watching us. We appreciate you especially you young guys you know we're not going to be around forever. When you're in your late 20s guys we're not going to be here anymore anywhere. Well no. Yes. You just had a comment saying how you cared for me and looked after me because you knew I wasn't long for this world and then you just abused me. You wonder why I've got these bags under me eyes and that's from shit sleep. There you go. All right you got anything else going on you want to tell us about before we left? Are you good? No, I can tell you about though. Not that you can tell what you do have something you can tell us about but you're not that you can't tell us about. No I have something that I can't tell you about. I might tell you if you promise under oath of death not to speak it to anybody. I won't go ahead. No I will send you. No it's all right. These guys won't say anything either. Right guys. Guys we appreciate you tuning in. Go to evalblutandelluses.com. Get your labs done by Dave. If you're in the UK and of course, Trump sports nutrition if you're in the UK or in the US great health stack supplement source.ca for Canadians they do have great deals that change week to week and turnutrition.com. Use our code think over there. Leave us questions for the next episode on Patreon and for another episode of the podcast guys we will see you soon. Thanks Dave. His now this guy was formerly obese. He always has had some level of fatty liver and these labs his liver for the first time in his life is in range. Like everything's good. I think the ALT was just slightly slightly out by a couple numbers but he's always been elevated and dude we ran windstroll for like the last four weeks of the show. We ran halo for the last ten days. If someone who trains didn't have elevated old I'd be telling them they're not training they're going to the gym and playing on the foot because you should evaluate it all if you train. So he always has even with rest and we like we said I think he has some element of fatty liver like 9 alcoholic fatty liver but since starting the SLU his numbers are come back in range for ASD and ST. Is he an interesting? There's obviously something in it and there's growing there's definitely growing data that he does have some sort of positive effect. I'm just curious how much that's going to encourage further or longer drug exposure because it's now okay so if I were to protect this he stopped it well does it we you know we don't really know what it does we know it shows in labs and makes things look better and this is you were still needs would support the you know yes it has a positive impact but this fact is from anabolic use like the heart and stuff like that that isn't as easily measurable so I say I just we don't know yeah I don't have concerns the right word I'm cautious of this there's no free lunch you know exactly and I'm cautious of this this the vibes I'm starting to hear now about if you take GHKU or his cold slu-mult and everything else then you can run a gram all year round you know so I am a little cautious of that. Other side of the point too that we're not looking at and you know Victoria and I just we're talking about this on our dog walk the we're talking like bodybuilding we are like just the people that she didn't already know this is that Scott does not have a dog he dresses up like a dog a Victoria walks him yeah he's it's a thing we do it's a thing we do you know it's acceptable our community you know this is completely normal completely normal activities like we're in Tories and bodybuilding for like just cranking up one lever you know what I mean like hey you know like all but and that I get it it's soluble you know what I mean like it's sexy to be like oh have you been thinking about your might a country all function oh you haven't well you know all of a sudden now like I can imagine like an equalizer right and we have like all the levels that we're just saying and now we're just taking one of them we're creaking it boom all the way up to the top when in reality it's really about how everything kind of functions together my big concern is so if we have increased reactive oxygen species if we have increased free radicals because every you know increasing like the powerhouse of the cellular mitochondria as it works it's creating damaging byproducts right and those byproducts waste materials are can the that's the kind of thing that causes cancer right so I wonder honestly if that goes back to YGW501516 was an issue did that have to do with mitochondria because it's only been in the last couple years my DeContrao function has been this hot topic but I got a lot of the same benefits for my breathing with from GW as I have you know and for my endurance and I really do believe that that was probably the first my mitochondr on cancer without being a scientist just being a borough scientist meaning a guy who you know has tried these things and lifted some weights and ate some protein it's going to be interesting unfortunately it's going to be people that are going to be the experiment but it's going to be interesting to see how this pans out and if there is long-term issues I mean I'm seeing I don't know if I mentioned this a matter told you I probably have I'm seeing more thyroid issues now in people after five years of long-term T3 and T4 use because we thought the fire I mean I myself thought that was pretty much fucking bullet proof you know you know you did mention that you mentioned that last week in it's funny you say that because I was just thinking about that this morning and something I didn't mention in rebuttal just to kind of look at all sides of the spectrum here you know the I think that the harder we die in the more we push ourselves to that's a contributing factor in the development of the things going to be lots of things but the the average incident of thyroid issue has definitely increased and I believe that yeah there will be several contributing factors to that for one minute think it's just a single thing but I definitely do think that the more wholesale use of T3 and T4 year round and I think that's the point each the year round use yeah it is what's caused the issue I mean it's if you take a human being and put them in darkness and you leave them in darkness for 10 to 15 years there's a strong chance their eyes will not work anymore yeah yeah because the body just they'll deteriorate them because they doesn't need them so I mean I don't know if that's true but I believe it you know I feel like yeah so you know if if we if we make a function of the body redundant because it's chemically supported then there's there's every possibility that that function will eventually stop working yeah we'll always be person duration dose specific like these things always are but yeah it's and I don't mean it as our cast it term or our cookie to genuinely am curious to how this will come out be a major if these peptides turn out to be this holy grail of harm prevention I do think though at the end of the day it's all going to be about balance they're you can't just take one lever of the equalizer and crank it all the way up you know and I mean it's like how does that balance with everything else we did that with GH team where we thought GH more the barrier and then we realize no actually if you're balancing with everything else it works much better