Obviously it's the DHT so we don't have any easing conversion so it is a drier compound. That does limit its prolonged use if you're using it as a standalone because eventually you're going to smash your oration levels into the floor. So it does limit its usage as a standalone or all and you are probably looking at six weeks for most people anything longer than that is probably going to start to create some low easing problems. What's up guys welcome back to the podcast with Dave Crosslin. I'm Scott McNally. If you're new to our content, Dave is an expert witness for the UK court system testifying with PEDs. He's also an educator to the military and to the police forces of the United Kingdom. Today we've got a list of questions we have a profile of the week we're going to talk again about Annavarkos our Annavark profile is gone. It's no longer on YouTube though it is on audio podcast app. I do want to mention that all of our programming is brought to you guys by evalblutanalysis.com. If you're in the UK you can get your lab worked done by Dave. We are brought to you by Strom Sports Nutrition if you're in the UK. We've got a lot of great health and performance supplements over there. What's our code over there? What do you tell them? Dave, it's Strom. Do we have a code over there? Richard is a dick. Yeah, that's our code over there. No, no code but definitely they support us. We support them and we're brought to you by trunutrition.com in the US use our code think for additional savings on high quality third party test. Supplements, protein powders, creatin, all the carbs you can think of all the flavors in the world. They've got it all and Supplements Source.ca for Canadians. They have great discounted prices on top name, top name, supplements. Dave, we've got listener questions but we're going to start this thing out by redoing our Anavire profile. What do you got to say? Tell us all about it. It's a tablet. Yes, it is. That's a good start. It's taken by phonies. What? You used to be real popular compound with females. It was one that was well tolerated. But now I think women take everything there is. I take care. So yeah, I mean, overall generally those 10 or 50 milligrams was very popular women. But I think more that the women use a profile or selection of female users was small. Because women uses profile as broad and naive. There are more women using now than ever. I think more women have discovered that they don't get on with it that well. So I don't think it's still viewed as the base go to as a start for females. I think it's now more of a choice drug. Rather than, oh, yeah, that's what you want to start on because a lot of women now as, as I say, as the number of women that have been exposed to it has broadened, we seen that more women don't actually get on with it that well. So it's not the female friendly drug we always thought it was. From a side's point of view, it's not particularly aggressive. But some women do not get on with it at all. They find it very intolerable just in the general feeling of feeling like crap when they use it. Yeah, I've worked with women who have been very successful with it. And then I've worked with less women that haven't been. I think that part of this has to do with our community has gone to more of a long term approach. You know what I'm saying versus in the past when it was used, the doses were low, like literally two milligrams to five milligrams, you know, every day. And that was for a controlled period of time, six to eight weeks, whereas now people are looking for more higher doses in a longer term project, you know, and in that case, then then you do maybe need to worry more about your estrogen levels getting totally smashed. Your testosterone levels getting smashed. And that's where I think the whole idea of female testosterone use has become a bigger part of it that in the TRT clinics being more than happy to put a 25 year old woman and test replacement, you know. I think the other problem is, I mean, we're going off topic slightly, but with female TRT is that a lot of the adulterated rules that women actually record that then think they need to go on TRT are more due to a diet phase they've completed or the suppression of using drugs like kind of other that they haven't fully recovered from at that point. Yeah. Yeah. I see a number of women postcom, they'll get the bloodstone, the test is low and the immediate reaction is now because of the population of it, oh, I need TRT and it's like, no, what you need is some fat in your diet. Yeah. And if you put some fat in your diet, your testosterone levels will recover. Female is our very, very sensitive to their fat intake and their body fat levels will it come to their hormones. Yeah. Have you said that? Some of our, from a male perspective, these generally well tolerated, it's not something I would say is a particularly dramatic drug. I mean, for comparison, you take something like D-Bella Oxi and you're going to feel that you've taken those compounds fairly quickly from one thing and another, particularly fullness and particularly the impact on strength. Where Ana Var is a little bit, obviously it's DHT. So we don't have any estrogen conversion, so it is a drier compound. That does limit its prolonged use if you're using it as a standalone because eventually you're going to smash your region levels into the floor. So it does limit its usage as a standalone or all and you are probably looking at six, eight weeks for most people, anything longer than that is probably going to start to create some low estrogen problems. And again, that will be dope specific as well. It is not overly stressful on the liver. I mean, obviously all the hormones are going to impact the liver because there's 17 alkalinity after we've done breakdown, but it's not an aura that's particularly stressful to the liver. It does increase LDL. It's decrease. No, increase. Increases. Oh, LDL. I'm sorry. I was thinking, HDL, sorry. All oils will lower HDL, but the double whammy as well is when you lower estrogen your lower HDL and another of our is a bit unique in that it actually increases LDL as well. So it's not great for your lipid profile, but again, dose and duration will play massively into that. Dose in wise, I would say for males, you're probably starting around a 30-minute gram. And I think for most you see, you're going to be 30 to 60. You're bigger users are probably going to be able to push a bit higher. 100 is not ridiculous, but you are getting to top end of where I would be. I don't see any point in going higher than that. I would then be looking at doing something different rather than increasing an IVR beyond 100 milligrams. Hardness. There is some argument that it has an effect on T43 conversion. I'm not sure on the science on how strong that is and how much that carries over to real world. It is a nice compound. It generally will tolerate not super dramatic, but you're going to see some improvements from it. Obviously with the oral mechanism, you're looking at non-genomic pathways rather than the straight 100 and receptor. Explain that please. 90-unomic versus, you know what? Okay, so, all rules generally don't engage with the 100 and receptor. What happens with injectables is they collect, they collect the 100 and receptor, they're going to the nucleus of the cell, they impart their delivery instructions and they come back out that AI are then released as them and it will bug her off to do some more sort of convert to each region or whatever it's going to do and that AI then splits. But there are receptors within the muscle tissue that don't travel art and receptors and don't travel into the nucleus of the cell. So you get a secondary pathway through all rules. So you start to create precursors to developing more muscle fiber. It's not a lot of people you sort of people like this, they sort of think what I have to include or rules in every cycle because I've got this second root. It's not that carried across in real-world and this is one of the reasons why you'll never see the same results of all rules as you will of injectables. One is dose tolerance but two is the pathways in which they operate. There is one oral that does ARs but actually might be Annabah. Really? I can't remember this one that engages with AR. Yeah, I, that's not something I'm familiar with. There is definitely one that does come on. You told people a lot of a quick look. Alright, I'll talk to people. Hi guys, how you doing? Thanks for joining us today. Also too, I'll mention if you guys want to see more of a content be sure to subscribe and hit the bell. I can say that I've known coaches who are huge fans of Annabah specifically in a contest prep phase. And then there are those that would prefer something else like Winstrel. Personally, I've been more of a Winnie fan and I feel like I've been able to achieve a drier harder look with that. But you know, skip for instance, he's, he'd take in of our over Winnie any day of the week. Generally, we're talking that last, if you have an oil-based protocol going into a contest prep. And look at adding it in for the last say six weeks, maybe even four weeks, something like that. I think what are the benefits of your oral compounds is that they're generally going to have a much more rapid effect. That said, out of all the orals, I would say Annabah is probably the slowest. So I'd say four weeks would be the absolute minimum going to a show six weeks, eight weeks wouldn't be crazy talk. But I wouldn't rely on it as kind of like you were saying, David, as my main meat and potatoes. And in offseason phase, I could see, you know, if you're doing say a 12 week program, the last eight weeks, something like that would be just fine. Which you find if? I do think it does. I'd need to dig through some of my actual proper paperwork, but from a quick, quick AI look, I do think it does. I think it's the one on all that does actually engage with the AI. Okay. Which might be why it has this effect on the LDL? I have seen people say, hey, if you use, you know, oxygen drone only, that you wouldn't need to do a PCT if you were to come off. I would not agree with that person. No, that's bullshit. Orals are suppressive. They just take longer. So effectively our bodies are full of hormone receptors. The Eastern receptor for just one receptor is under the receptor. There's all sorts of hormone receptors. As any level within any of those receptors increases, the brain realizes that there's a hormone increase. And in order to regulate it, it reduces signal. In for hormones, this is what's shut down is. It's a direct feedback response to elevating hormone levels. Because in a male, Eastern drink comes from testosterone, if Eastern drink is high, it will cause the reduction of testosterone production. If proletting is high, it will cause the reduction of testosterone production. If testosterone is high, it will cause so any compound that engages with these receptors can create suppression. Because all of us generally dose lower than injectables, it is a bit slower for this suppression to build up, but it still occurs. And you will see suppression in females as well as males. Going back to what we were just saying, arguments that I looked at female gestity was on anava of all of it. And her eatogen was not fully shut down, but it was suppressed. And her EFF's H&LH were suppressed. And eventually if the dose is duration is long enough, or the dose goes in, you will create full shut down. But because we generally run orals at slightly lower doses, and we run for short duration, most people won't experience full shut down. But this is why I was saying about limiting anavaa-only cycles to six to eight weeks, because you're learning that with low estrogen, it's that suppression. The anavaa suppresses the suppression of testosterone levels drop. You don't feel that because the DHT of anavaa is impacting with the receptor. But because you've got low testosterone, you end up with low estrogen. Yeah. You will feel that's why you limit your exposure. Unless you add an aroma-sizing compound, which will allow you to run for a long period. Yeah. Yeah. And of course, dose is going to be part of how fast that happens. Right? I think a lot of people that are watching our shows are on TRT, you're around. Up until recently in the US, you could get Oxanjolone prescribed. And it was very common to get 25 milligrams per day prescribed. Not a problem. People were using that. And I found it to be when we talk about your TRT-ploss protocols, you know, your sports TRT protocols, I do think you're going to get some additional benefit from a low dose, and we're speaking from a male perspective still, from a low dose, like 25 milligrams. But I think it's going to get- you're going to experience a better performance boost than actually seeing like a lot of extra lean tissue gains from something like 25. Would you agree with that? Yeah. I mean, anyway, of increase in the hydrogen load should result in improvements down the line. But obviously, you also increase stresses on the body. Yeah. You know, it- and that goes across the board. Anything that changes the performance of your body be it a new topic that changes your brain performance or a stimulant that changes your energy output. That's going to have to be paid for at a certain point down the line. You're going to need an increased recovery. You're going to need an increased nutrition or something to offset the fact that you've had a bigger payout because you've used something to increase the body's performance. There is a balance point in that, like you said, 25 milligrams of an over 20 milligrams of an over is going to yield some improvement in performance and not be overly hugely negative the impact in the way it stresses the body. But you're still going to have this baseline medication that's all use, which is still going to apply some stress to the liver, which will then have a- so it's almost like, instead of your liver baseline being zero for argument sake, you're now running a baseline of 20. So, if anything comes into your system that's liver toxic or liver stressful, there's less redundancy in your liver to cope with that because it's already working dealing with the univariate constant dose. So, there are addons in this, but all things being equal, you know, anything you do, anything you add in, there is a cost to it and it's just a case of managing that cost and being aware of that cost, but it's not. I mean, that's why I'm not a fan of sports TRT for the simple reason is I don't like the use of TRT in it anyway because it gives out signals that it's medication when it's not. But that has a long-term price. You know, you get exposed to that for four or five years and there's going to be downstream effects that are starting to build up. Where I would rather people look at it as a low cycle because that's technically what it is, but you've got more and more people running 250, even 300 megapest and a hundred or 150 megapest, I'm sorry, of Master of Primo and effectively saying that that's their TRT. About 15 years until someone you're on 500 megapest old budget. That's a cycle. Oh yeah, yeah. It's interesting the way things have evolved. I think that's a whole other topic and we could probably, we probably have gotten into that before, but listen, let's move on because we have a bunch of listener questions and guys if you want to take part in the next show, then comment below, if you had some things about Anniversary that we didn't cover, then definitely let us know. We could only say so much in this period of time. I'm sure we could do a lot more. We've got a listener training question, Dave, and I believe it's about the squat. We see if we can go on any. Have you got something about that, shit? Leave where I'd give us where the shirt, you realize that, right? Okay, what did he really wear? Is he's a horrible shit? Dave has something against Final Shirt's guys. And I kind of think it's like when the bull sees a red cape and he just, he just goes mad. I kind of feel like that's a little bit of what's going on here. Thankfully we are not in the same room. Thankfully there is an entire ocean between us. Go to this question, Dave. It's from Tor. He says there's been a trend for a while for people moving away from the barbell squat in favor of Hacksquats, Belt Squats, Pendulum Squat. If you look at the biggest legs we have seen, like Tom Platt, Spigrammy, Branchhorn, Kigrin, Meadows, James Hollingshead, etc. They were all phenomenal barbell squatters. Barbell squats is a very demanding exercise to master and for many, so many gravitate towards something easier. Can this be a case of easier is not always better? Thank you. Good question, Tor. Yeah, I'd squat, obviously, a very basic movement. What I like about squats is it's a very functional movement. It engages not just your quads and your glutes and your hamstrings, but also your cards and your core and your stabilizing muscles as well. For a functionality point of view is a very good movement. It is a demanding movement, yes. People would argue that they can push their legs to greater failure using a Hacksquat or a pendulum squat because one is a safety aspect there. And then two, they're not then vulnerable to core failure collapse in the movement they're doing. And that's very true. Does squats build a better leg than using the machine movement? I don't think so. The muscle knows to contract, it knows to pull on joints. It doesn't recognize a movement. It just recognizes the muscles that it needs to use in order to complete that movement. What the leg would the squat be more taxing than other movements? Potentially, but at the same time it may be limiting to how much stress you can put into those muscles because of a core failure or just fear. If you've not got under a squat bar and step back and got a pack, then you've probably never squat whatever. Because when you step out with big weights on your back, it is intimidating. You step back without in your legs. I don't have any of them coming back up with this. And anyone that squat at heavy's been there, whereas a machine does give you more confidence. I wouldn't say that one exercises superior over the other, more that they have different ways of stimulating the muscle. However, I think what the squat does demonstrate is somebody's willingness to push. It sure does, doesn't it? And I think that, yes, I do think that people move to machine work because legs are scary and legs are intimidating. I know when I was training properly, many, many years ago. I'd be nervous about leg day. I would literally start to get anxious the day before because I knew legs were coming up the next day and I knew it was going to hurt like hell. And I knew it was going to be a credit to taxing. If you've never gone into a leg workout with that sort of apprehension, then as a chance I have never actually trained your legs to their limit. You've got more in the tank because it is such a demanding body part. So if you move to machines from a safety aspect, but you still push to the absolute limit of your capabilities, then I don't see there being any really difference. However, if you move to machines because you're trying to avoid the workload that comes with legs, then yes, there's going to be a dramatic difference because you, to an extent with squatting, you still can't run away from them. You're not going to be bouncing out of the hole like you can on a machine. You're not going to be having all those sort of things that you can play around with, like you can do on a machine, like very, very high reps are much easier to achieve on a machine than they are when you're doing three ways. Yeah, I think here's a couple of thoughts. I think overall, I'm first of all, I'm a fan of the Barbell squat. Do you absolutely need it to grow massive muscle? I think more so I would believe that learning how to do a squat is going to be great for your foundations. For guys that are just getting into this, I would say learning how to squat and getting good at it for the first four years of bodybuilding. I think isn't a bad idea at all. Realistically, Brandon brought something up here. I'll get back to that. Here's another thought is that I think it takes time to figure out how to effectively squat to grow muscle. I could tell you that when I first began squatting, in my goal was just to get heavier and heavier with it, my stance was more that of a power lifters, where I was trying to use everything I had in my body. My hips got highly involved with my squatting movement. I found that it wasn't really a good leg grower. I had to play with the movement. I had to pull the weight back and I ended up being one of the people that elevates my heels to be able to bring my stance in close enough. The smarter I got with training, the more I could get out of the squat and I feel like that knowledge transferred to everything else that I did. I think machines are great. Don't get me wrong. I'm a huge fan of it. I wouldn't say that squats are going to be the only thing that I would use to grow my legs. I would definitely put it in there as being one of those main meat and potato foundations. I don't see there being a reason was squatting every other time. A lot of people are doing push-pull legs nowadays. If you squat one day on your leg day and what if you use the hex quad or the pendulum squat on the other time? I think that's fine. Brandon brought a question to us saying that he said there's an argument that Barbell squats thicken the midsection because they engage the course so much so for a tight waist in current judging criteria, hacks are preferred now. I think it's absolutely bullshit. No disrespect to Brandon but I think it's absolutely bullshit. In fact I think it's the opposite. I think the squat teaches you to control your core and the reason we get so many blown guts these days or we were doing for a couple years ago was because there was too much rely on machines where there's no core control required. Well you are one of the thoughts with getting those thick midsections is that you're blowing out and bracing for a movement like the squat. And through that process, bracing against a belt you're thickening that up versus training to pull it in. I disagree because if you squat correctly you're only blowing out half an inch if you're racing against a belt but it teaches you to engage the core in the movement which helps you we call control on stage where when you're in a high squat you don't need any core control at all. I think it's a lot harder to get a lot out of the squat. For the muscle I'm not talking about frying your central nervous system and destroying your cardio. You can kill your cardio real quick. I was going to say compared to hacks or pendulum, I feel like you can get in that machine and you can hit your say quads for instance. You can target your quads a lot faster than with a barbell squat. It takes time to learn. One of the problems with the squat I think is that most people focus on the squat or whether the squat is good based on the load they can move with the squat. So I trap that a lot of people fall into with squat is that they're trying to improve the numbers on the squat. When you should approach it in the same way as any other muscle group or any other exercise where you're focusing on the actual muscular engagement in the movement and when that clicks in your head and you squat with the muscle rather than trying to put numbers on the bar, you'll find that squat becomes a very, very productive exercise. You're also fine. You're not moving stupid levels away with it because you don't need to because you're making the weight work for you. But I think a lot of people go into the squat. When you look at a squat, you judge it on well how much can you squat? Yeah. When actually, if you break the movement down and start focusing on what you're feeling and how the muscles working in the movement, you'll find it a much more productive movement and you'll find you need nowhere near as much load. That ties right in with Jack's related squatting question here or his comment. He said that related to squatting, I've gone through two meniscus surgeries on my left knee and can only do some movements in some machines. Are there some compounds that will help with cartilage? I really miss heavy back squat day. I want to tell him this that so I had about 90% of the cartilage removed from my left knee and I had an ACL reconstruction in that knee as well. That was like 1997. Technology is so much better now. By the way, I had to, they took a piece of my pretellit tendon for my right knee and then they used that as the ACL and my left knee. They had to put both of my legs in splints and I was in a wheelchair for over a month unable to walk because of like now people are literally like walking out the next day or the day of after an ACL replacement. That said, years ago, I used to really bang my knees up and the more I focused on what Dave has talked about here about trying to get more out of the muscle, the less neat issues I've had. The best leg development I've had bar none was just a couple years ago, training in my home gym using a lot of leg press, a lot of hack and a lot of squats. And I found though that by making the exercise harder, getting the most out of the movement, I was able to move that train the hardest I've ever trained and not have any meat issues. Versus years ago, I was trained to load up the hammer strength leg press and I would get a rep and then block out and then get another rep and lock out. The more control you can have over the weight or the more control I've had over the weight, the less neat issues I've had and I was way less likely to hurt myself. Yeah, I would say to Jack, focus first on the movements where you can feel the quaductive and then just really concentrate on that over the load for a while. I'd find actually just closing my eyes and just literally focus in what I'm feeling. And you may find that you have to slow the reps down to start with, but as you're you get more to tune your find at the rep can be a little bit smoother and a little bit quicker. But don't be too concerned about the weight. Focus on the feel, make sure the muscles take in the load and then build from there. Once you've established that connection and your feeling those movements and there will be some movements you'll never get on with. Or you'll always have problems with. Particularly post-urgery, but once you start, what you're doing then is you're pushing the load into the muscle rather than dispersing it across the muscle and the joint, that in itself will start to protect the knee more. Yeah, the more muscle you have, I found the more that kind of keeps that knee in place. I found too that my friend Vijay helped me develop my squat technique because like I said, years ago it was all going to the hips I wasn't growing my quads. We went all the way back to bodyweight squats and for about a month I was literally torturing myself with only body weight. I absolutely guarantee you that if you learn how to torture yourself with a body weight squat, then you just put a bar on your back and that's hard. You put a quarter on each side and that's hard. But it takes getting rid of the ego. It really does because you can make a body weight squat impossible to get 20 reps to failure. It's brutal, man. I'm talking like four second negatives, flexing the quads as hard as you can. No pause at the top, pause at the bottom. Take all that momentum out. If you do that, it's brutal, man. It takes time to figure that out. And after you do, you can start applying weight to it and you don't need a lot to make a lot of progress. I had the opposite problem with my squat. It was too quad dominant and I was getting no gluten engagement. Oh, no kidding. Yeah, my ass just didn't fire. Yeah, I didn't get a lot of gluten engagement either. I had to go to isolation work to I had like weight weight guy but syndrome. You know, like my quads grew and then I figured out how to grow my hands and then I had to figure out how to grow glutes last. Yeah, big house, big quads and shit glutes. How about citrus burma? Another listener question here from Patreon. He says, coming off of blast, you guys think taking citrus burgamont will help get lipids back to normal ish faster for purposes of getting blood work done for health reasons. Don't plan on blasting against soon. Yeah, it's just very good. I want to definitely help support you. Hey, Steve, it's something I would pretty much run around. Yeah, you are a RTRT or you are cycling regularly. I wouldn't take it out. I think too many what you really should be looking at doing is building your hdl up when you're off cycle. So that you've got a buffer and a cushion for the inevitable lowering that's going to occur when you go one cycle. Yeah, I'm done with that. Rather than this just trying it because what a lot of people will do is they'll go on cycle. Hdl will drop my go 0.7.8 or even lower. So they'll jump on the socks until it reaches 1.1 and then all of a sudden they're off the socks. No, keep going build that buffer so that next time you're on cycle you've got you know you're at 1.7 and you've got plenty of ceiling room to come down before it starts to be a concern. There's a lot of argument around cholesterol and lipids and how important Hdl is and whether Hdl or LDL is a concern and I honestly don't know the answer. When you start looking at the research around cardiovascular problems and Hdl etc. It's very sketchy. The heart foundations have had to sort of say that they don't see a direct link with low Hdl and heart problems. Having said that I had a heart attack because of plaque buildup which I do believe is down to years and years of low Hdl because I've never particularly had bad cholesterol when I was on point because my diet was quite clean. So in the sense I've stopped that my diet's gone crappy and not so good in my cholesterol's gone up a little bit. All my years on I was low like 25 on Hdl 25 to 29. I couldn't get it past that and now years later if you just really couple of years later of not having pushed things anymore. My cholesterol came right back up now I'm in the 40s plus. I mean just so people understand how it sort of works. The last majority of cholesterol that we use and we use cholesterol to make hormones we use cholesterol for cellular construction and zone production we use cholesterol for a lot of things. We've got this basic idea that Hdl bad Hdl is good in LDL's bad. It's not actually true. So LDL's main role is to take cholesterol from the liver and put it in the bloodstream. Hdl's main role is to take cholesterol out of the bloodstream and put it in the liver. They're transport proteins. They move cholesterol about in the body. If we have low Hdl and we have low LDL, they're still a balance. But if LDL goes high we dump in too much cholesterol in the bloodstream and there isn't enough Hdl to balance and take it out. We end up with an excess in the bloodstream. We then develop a plaque and over time, arterial narrowing and can lead to a heart attack. If we've got too high LDL or too low Hdl, this is the scenario occurs. However there is the opposite as well. If you've got too high Hdl and too low LDL, you can actually have not enough cholesterol in the bloodstream. We start to affect hormone levels and start to affect your health, particularly your mental health and your cognitive health. One of the problems we regularly see with women, particularly post-compt, is that their cholesterol levels are too low for their hormone production because whereas men will produce up to naturally looking around a 20 mark of a healthy male for end-mole in testosterone and subsequently around the one one 20 mark p-mole for estrogen, female estrogen production gets into a thousand at certain points in their cycle or definitely in the high hundreds. So they need a much greater level of cholesterol in order to produce the hormones that they use physically. So when a female is a low fat diet, it has a much stronger direct link to their hormone levels. So cholesterol levels in a female become much more important from a point of view of health than they're doing a male. But even low cholesterol in a male will affect a natural male's hormone levels and will lower their testosterone levels. It isn't so much about keeping one high in one low. It's about that balance ratio where you've got enough to clear but not too much that you're low and enough to push back in but not too much high in your blood system. Yeah. Is that okay? Yeah, I think it's a great explanation. All right, how about this one? First of all, okay, I'm not going to put the question up because I find that it's not very helpful for monetizing the show. By the way, if you want to support a programming guy's Patreon, that's much better than the YouTube monetization that doesn't always work for us. So guy from our Patreon says, and he says it was a friend of his. He says it wasn't him. He was using a peptide taking it subq. Yeah, the pin got bent while drawing the peptide out. Thus the pin was weak when he used the same pin to take his subq peptide and it broke off. I, what should he do? Pretend it didn't happen in just ignore it? No, you go on with the rest of your life. The funny thing is, so when you get taught how to inject, they always say leave another man of the needle out in case he snaps so you've got something to grab to put it back. I've never, ever known of anyone actually snapping a needle. So this is the first time I've ever heard of it actually happening. If there's needle, and he can't physically get any hold on it, because it is in the far. I got it. It's, it's going to be difficult, but yeah, if you're lucky, the body would just start to reject it. Yeah, hopefully. But it could create anything from infection to an abscess. It's a foreign body at the end of the day. The body's not going to like it. And even though that needle may be completely sterile, it doesn't mean it can't create a sterile abscess. You know what, I don't like the idea of. So you, you definitely have a real sharp end sticking in you. And if you were to press on that in any way, bump it, is it going to get pushed in further? It can't travel. These things have been seen to move around and travel into the body or back out of the body. So it can travel. I would definitely have a discussion with a medical professional around it. Yeah, don't ask people on a podcast this question. Yes. Exactly. It may well be that they tear around and say, I'll just leave it or so to self out. And that may be the actual case. I just don't know. Yeah. But it's the first time I've ever heard of anyone losing a needle in themselves. Well, Brandon Wise is copying me, bring it to the surface. That's some smart thinking it may. Who knows? In Jack by the way, man, he said, he was a guy with the cartilage. He says, was there any rehab to get full range of motion on the squat right now? I can't even go past 90 and free squat without major discomfort. I'll tell you what, man, message me. We're, uh, hit me up on Facebook and drop me a message and I'll give you my contact info and I'll see if I can, if I can come up with some ideas for you. It'll send you news and dick pics just warning you. Dave, Dave, Dave. Why do you tell you, I'll be, I'll be wearing that shirt. It'll be wearing that shirt. It'll be wearing that shirt. What he does as well. What's all right? I don't know what's more dramatic, be sure. I'll get back in shape and I'll do a calendar shoot with this shirt and my cut the sleeves off, Dave. How about that? Um, I, I would hate it. Less of you cut the shoes off to be honest. Really? Okay. How about this one, Dave? Uh, we've talked about this before NHS prescribed testo gel. Um, purely for TNT, not for bodybuilding reasons. What are your opinions? We have given our opinions on this before, but real quick, uh, what's your 30 second summary? As long as you get absorbed from it, I've actually think it's a very good way to do TNT. Is the closest to natural? It's going to give you the closest natural peak and response. Uh, but it's if you are able to absorb it in a sufficient quantity. Some people are some people are. All right. That's good. How about this one? And it's a topic we also have discussed. I can't put the question up on the screen that would not help our cars in any way. He says, Dave and Scott, what do you got there? Whiskey. That's a cookie. A biscuit is like something you put in a pan, they rise and you put butter on it. It's like a bread. A biscuit is like a bread. It's a good one. No, no, no. It's a good one. Be fast on it. It fits. It's a I saw that I'd say that's Dave's mug. I did his mowl and stopped just in my biscuit. So anyway, he says in my current gym. Do you, is that what, is that to be British people? E cookies? Is that, is that, is that, like, are we witnessing high T right now? Is this high T, Dave? Is this how you do it? Cheerio, mate. All right. He says, in his gym right now, everybody is raving about blends. There's an EQ, TMT, which is test mass. Yeah, yeah. And then there's a nander test with test and DACA. And then there's a tri-train, hexase and an a-thin. 50 each. He says, this is just examples. I've done my research on the forum saying it's impossible to mix that amount in one milliliter of oil. He says, now I know some lads who have grown very well off of it. What are your thoughts? My experience is that I have never seen, well, very rarely that's probably untrue. Very rarely seen a blend that actually is dosed as it should be. How do you know that, Dave? If I, I know, but tell the audience, well, lab work, mate, not lab work is in blood lab work, lab work is in lab analysis of the compounds. And you've seen a lot of lab analysis being a bit nervous, right? I have, yes. I do tend to see a set of lab results from some analysis. I want to be a couple of weeks anyway. Okay. It's like sourced. Sourced is a blend. I've never seen a UGL sourced yet in the ones that I've seen tested and I've granted I haven't seen every compound tested far from it. That one contains all four esters. It's usually only got three of them. Okay. And two at the right quantities that it should be to be sourced. So the big problem with these blends is not that they have actually compound because they usually do, is just that they may not be balanced in the way you think they are. So like you're trying to well, probably have to try and end for trying to waste, but doesn't have to try and exit it. Yeah, some do, some don't. And how do you know otherwise? You know what, I mean, you still, you'll still be getting a 150 milligrams of trend out of that tri-trend. It's just the heck's big. Well, be that. Yeah. Saying that you're, you're an under test. You've probably got tested and decar. It probably and probably will total or come closer than the milligrams total that it's saying it is, just not in those proportions. And that's the big problem. For most people that isn't an issue, but if you are someone that is sensitive to one of those ingredients, the way it's proportioned in that blend could be important to you. regards total milligrams. I would be suspicious of anything claiming to be 400 milligrams more. You can't, you can't suspend with super-suffense like effort all day in Guaikong, right? It is possible. But you're saying that from what you've seen, it's usually not the, okay. The other thing is, yes, you can. One isn't the easiest to keep. And two, it is generally very painful to inject. The higher the concentration of compound in that injectable, the more that injection is going to hurt. Yeah. So I would be very wary of anything that's claiming to be 400 or above. And generally I would stick to stuff that's actually saying it's slightly lower dose. So if I was, if I was looking for you jail now, I wouldn't go over anything that's 200 or 250 per make, make per meal of even a test or a decker. Because more likely to get what I'm paying for with those doses, even if it means I have to inject more oil. Yeah. And from a logistics point of view too, financially, it's usually a more cost effective route. The blends, they usually have some sort of deal. And you're thinking to yourself, hey, this is going to be a better value. But the reality is that you also have to look at how are you going to dose your program? Are you going to reduce your cycle? Because you're going to be tethered to the ratios that are going to be in that blend if you have different compounds. So if you take like one of these cut stacks, it's a test mass, trend cut stack, like your tethered to that amount of trend regardless, even if it had all three compounds, which you've shown us labric before that like all these different blends none of them had mass or the decker was actually EQ or vice versa, something like that. So there, you know, the I would prefer to have better control over how I dost things. In fact, especially in a cut that you're going to want to be able to modulate the the dosing to get the results that you want. You know, it's not just a black and white thing. I mean, the other thing is there's more flexibility using the individual compounds. So if you were to go to the one rip to a trend ace test and tell me test prop mass prop or the TMT, which is basically the long acting versions of those same compounds, if you start to have an issue around the trend or or for arguments say your life sentence has changed where you were suddenly having a lot of crap going on and trend wasn't the best drug to be in the mix. You've got to stop the whole compound where there are individuals, you can dial it back, you can take it out. That's what I'm saying. Yeah, it's when you were no problem. So yeah, there's there's less flexibility when it comes to manipulation of the cycle, things start going a bit. We chose help. Pete Tong, you told me we talked about that before. Pete Tong was a DJ, right? He still is a DJ. And Pete Tong means like going wrong. Wrong. Right. How does that? Why does why did that phrase come up? How did that? I've got to keep running slang. He's quite literally that. So apples and pairs, stairs, I don't know a lot of it, so there'll be obviously someone from London that probably knows how level up more. That co-occalism, that language has continued to develop as times gone up. So there's now more modern references. And one of them was there's a DJ from rate, who made his fame on radio one. I don't know if he's still, I think he's still with radio one. But co-peatong, dance DJ, there's a lot of time in the B-throw all that stuff. And it became you know, so gone Pete Tong. It's all gone wrong. But why? Did he do something wrong at one time? I don't know if he actually did something wrong or someone just coined the phrase and it's stuck. Okay. I mean, language is a weird thing. I'm not going to get into it. It's not the sort of thing we talk about on here. But UK modern language and modern terminology has a lot of slang that makes no sense to me whatsoever. Let's get us to get an old noun. We have to be left to bring your daughter on to explain all that to us, right? You know, there's this, there's broad man terminology and stuff like that. It's just like, beyond me, I don't understand it. But language is developed. They change. And I'm told that this is just part of the evolution of the English language. Seems a backward step to me, but I suppose every generation of thought that. I mean, Shakespeare was supposed to be somebody who absolutely obliterated the English language. That is time. He used phrases and terminology that was considered as being very pouring English at the time. Whereas now we would regard it as very high English. Perhaps now we can discuss those three favorite cakes. I think that's like we're back on YouTube. So you know, we're trying to keep things, keep things, you know, safe, Dave. Cheesecake. That's one. Cheesecake again. That's two. I'm going to do an English thing. Eccles cake. That's a screw. Do you hope you're going to click what that is? No, I don't know what an Eccles cake is. It's basically a pastry for the dead flies. What? Is that like a term for raisins or something? Okay, I got it. I got it. I actually like Christmas cake. I like fruit cake. I do as long as it's nice and rich and moist. I actually can do enjoy fruit cake. I'm not a fruit cake fan. I don't like that. But then again, I don't like textures in my cakes unless it's frosting. Like if you have like a layer of frosting, I like that. But I don't want to, I don't want to, I don't want nuts. I don't want fruits. I don't want raisins. None of that. I want the texture of the cake. That's why I'm eating cake, Dave. Yeah, but I don't see that. See, I find like, like, your Victorian sponge red velvet sort of, I like red velvet. It's boring. All right. I have one more gear question here. And we're going to have a question for you that I've just been sent. Oh, what's that? Is Mr. McNally at the Arnold's this year? I hope not. Who's asking? My who's that? Romana. Oh, it can't. If it's in the case of Romana, then I'll say yes. I will be there. She going. So you go into the US. I'm going to the US. Right. But you're not coming to the UK. I don't think so. I would love to. Thank God for that. Is she going to the US? I don't know. She may be. You go into the US, Romana. Don't want to ask her. Oh, okay. I thought she was there with you. Like she walked in the office. Romana does. She's a really great female. I can be pro. And she's made a huge amount of progress in the last couple of years. And I got to meet her when I was out there in the UK. She works unfortunately for her. She works for Dave. She does a really good job, you know, but I feel terrible for it after I do have one more question and we're getting. Yeah, I don't sell the girl. Sure. She came 12 in the Olympia. Yes. She's fantastic. That's what I just pretty much really just said. Right. Romana don't speak scottie. I'm talking to him because he was great. He is. I'm going to believe in us. But if she was on, I was going to ask her to step in for a minute. So, okay. Third time. We're going to have to be careful with the words we use here because there's a certain word that starts with an S that it has to do with on a living yourself, which may come up because we're going to talk about a Romus in. And Romus in is a in hip and unaliving hibiter, right? Okay. So, we now that we're on the same page, everybody. It is a very ridiculous way out to go to the sex bed. It doesn't matter. They're probably not going to want to do this anyway, guys. But we'll try. Okay. So, is it safe to say that a Romus in helps to lower estrogen permanently where a remadex lowers estrogen temporarily and then it bounds back to high estrogen level. A Romus in is useless for me. 700 tests in a thousand HcG. It says per week for a cycle with 25 var. He says, a Romus in every two days and it could not lower my ester dial for less than 330 p.m. It says the Romus in isn't fake. I purchased it over the counter. I would be thankful if you could explore these two compounds. Welcome back to YouTube. I was rooting for you guys to come back. By the way, guys, if you ever don't see us on YouTube, we're still putting the show up. But you have to go to Rumble. David, rather, we're at Rumble anyway because then he can freely say words. Words. We can freely say words. Basically. He didn't say words. Yeah. It means I don't have to engage my brain before I have my fat mouth. So the actions of one stop the production of a Romate. That's 8x. The other binds with a Romate is when it's in circulation, making it in it. Like old drugs, they have a life. We tend to talk about drugs as in half life, which is the time it takes for that drug to degrade by half. But effectively it's a measurement of the decay rate of that drug. So when you use a Romus in, it will attach itself to a Romate. It means that the Romate is then cannot attach to testosterone. However, the body is still producing a Romate. So it is, yes, that a Romate will die off along with the Romus in, but your body is still going to produce a Romate is continuously. Well, you've got to remember with these these systems in our bodies that they aren't just an on-off switch, they are continually happening and continually evolve it. Yeah. So when you use something that attaches to a Romate, so you use an inhibitor of that nature and on a living one. Um, yes, it will take that individual a Romate is it buys to add a play, but the body is still going to be producing more. With ADECs, it stops or lowers the actual production of a Romate. So as a result, a Romate is leveled drop, which makes ADECs superior from a point of view of effectiveness in lowering each region levels in somebody. Yeah. The offset is that because ADEC stops the production of a Romate is one of its side effects is actually lowering HDL. A Romate doesn't affect HDL, which is why a Romate can be preferred because it's not going to be bad for lipids. I personally like a Romate, a Romate, because it has its lower impact in drug, it's easier to find tune your region management dose wise. ADECs is a bit more impact in, so it's a bit more of an on-off switch. Yeah. So it's a little bit difficult to find tune because you literally can't divide the tablets into that smaller dose, there's tiny anyway in order to find tune your region mode. There is with ADECs, so with a Romatex, there is a slight balloon in a Romatez when you stop using it. It's not huge, but you will see a Romatez production spike post the usage of ADECs. And that is simply because you've restricted that from operating, your body knows it's low, so when you remove that restriction, there's a slight overcompensation for a short period of time. I've never noticed it with that, but I have, and I know it's possible, I have noticed it real world with letras on. Yeah, but the letras all is 96, 98% efficient. So you are really slimy in East Asian hard, and as a result, the counter reaction to that is greater than both of it was that. ADECs is in the 80s, efficiency. So as a result, the rebound is a little bit less. Real world terminology, the only time it's probably going to impact you is for a week or so post-utus, if you particularly have a sensitive balance with testosterone and issues and levels, you're going to see a little bit of an issue in spike for the week or so. It may have a slight delay impact with something like PCT, but long term, there's not going to be any real long term issues with it, it's just the case right out for a week and you'll be brought in there. That's an all good explanation. All depends on where you are in, in how each of you in effect you was to whether it's a crucial point for you or not. I suppose really the only immediate impacts going to be around emotional sensitivity and stuff like that, which can obviously make it a rough ride for people, but it's short lived and I think we are a little bit, sometimes a little bit too sensitive these days in the way we react to compounds when we should sometimes just take a step back go, let's give it a few days and see what it goes and if it settles and it comes back to normal. Yeah, I'm with you, I'm with you on that. All right, how about some Uncle David advice for the week? I think that's probably what it is. Have any advice for our listeners? Nothing like brush your teeth every night. Be sure to tell your mother that you love her. I think nice things for other people because it comes back to you and you see if you'll get about yourself about that one, Dave. Yeah, I mean I think positivity in all aspects of your life does, does actually and I'm not I'm not talking about all you need to be super rosy, positivity, everything's great. Because everything isn't great. Life shitter times. And people have shitter times and it does get you down. But you've just got to try and you've got to be really stick about what's going on around you. And if you're going through a crap time, you've just got to remember that it will not last. And yeah, and the more positive you are about improving that situation, the sooner it will get better. And very often we'll feel like the worlds on top of it and we're not making progress and everything's garbage and we're not going anywhere. And then actually when you stop and look back, it's like, oh, actually I have. I've done this, I've done that, I've done the other. Yeah, we can be hard on ourselves. And we do a very much so and I think within bodybuilding that's a very strong trait because we sort of celebrate this downtrodden, you know, I work harder and everybody else, I'm a hero because I get up at five o'clock and train at five and and it's look, if you can sleep until nine o'clock and then train, look at you, I'm just jealous. There's nothing wrong with it, I'm just jealous. You know, I have to deliberately make things hard to be better at what we do. And if you commit life easy, it feels there's nothing wrong with that. But there's a difference between making life easy for yourself and being lazy. You know, life is hard. It is not an easy ride. There will be times when you really just can't see a way out. But as long as you keep putting what I've put in the other and I keep going back to this theme because it is just what gets you through. Times will get better. But yeah, I haven't really got much this week to be quiet on this. We should get you a poster of that fish. To put on your door. Yeah, door. Yeah, you put it on your wall over there next to the hand and I see the blood boosts. How you say the blood boosts? The blood boosts. Blue, blue, blue, so I see it on your screen back there. Is that the blood bus on your camera in the back? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, you can watch it and watch the blood bus all day long. It's actually Dave's closer get TV that you can subscribe to and watch the blood bus. Is it drives around? He's got drones. He can drive around. Watch Dave would blood all day long. And they're big. I think one of the things that we week sometimes get a little bit at up on is we take things to personal. Yeah. Very few people set out to ruin your day. Most people ruin your day because they're too focused on concentrating on that day better. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. My dad gave me advice one time. I remember years ago, and he said, Scott, you know, it's something that you said, you're like, because you said, like, you know, if things will things change first of all. So if you don't like how you're feeling weight, because you're, you know, how you feel is going to change. So if you don't like how you're feeling hold on, just a minute, because it's going to be something else shortly later. But I remember my dad telling me that the bad times are never as bad as they seem. In the good times, are never as good as they seem. You know, our, that's not a lot of our, a lot of our times are made worse because we think they're going to be worse. And they actually are. Yeah. If you just stop and actually look at it objectively, try and take the emotional element out of it. Very often this actually nothing. The amount of times I've got an oiled, peder, I've upset wound up about something. And then I've had to stop myself and go, well, actually, and you know, what are persons doing? There's nothing wrong with it. It's not wrong. It's just I'm not at the moment in a position to deal with that. Or I don't want to deal with that, but I feel object obliged to do so. And this, this comes a lot with people are asking for advice. Because it's like it'll be nine o'clock on a Sunday night. And I'm just going to bed or whatever, you know what I mean? And I'm chilling out and they'll be being being being being being being all right. I'm saying. But that person's not actually expecting me to answer there. And then true. I, yeah. It's the pressure. I put on myself. I do the same thing there and then. Yeah. And then I get no, it's like, oh, it's something. And it's like, well, I can just concentrate tomorrow morning. Why am I getting stressed about this? Because he's, I'm, he's not creating the stress. I am. Yeah. Yeah. I do the same thing. There's been times I've wanted to text you because we're watching a British TV show. And it's nine o'clock at night here. And I'm like, and I did. I texted you the other night. And I was like, I know that, and I, but I felt bad. I was like, Dave, I know you'll see this in the morning. So that you knew like I wasn't expecting an answer 3 a.m. from you. You know what I mean? You are gay. What? Yeah. Which we, we watched. Why is it that British TV? One more important question. Why is it that British TV only has like six episodes? We're watching this TV show called Such Brave Girls. And the first episode I wasn't so sure about it. And then by the middle of the second episode, I was literally laughing out loud. The humor in that show is freaking dark, man. It's like, they do stuff on that show. You could not do on US television. And it's funny to you. You want to watch something that would never ever be allowed on air now. Watch, um, you have to go on YouTube for it. And it will be half-garner and sickness in the health. In sickness and in health. It's an old show. Okay. Well, this stuff would be, uh, I would on the, in the US market. I mean, they're talking about things that are very like very heated topics and they're making fun of them. Uh, the, uh, the base of the character, Alf Garnett is an old man who's grumpy, who has a care worker. He's racist as hell. Okay. He hates guys. Okay. And they send him a black gay care. Haha. Yeah. That sounds like a British show to me. So why is it Dave? You guys only have like six episodes per season versus like, you watch a US show. You've got like 32 episodes per season. Yeah. But you've also got to remember that US show is not only 30 minutes long because you have 30 minutes to the show is advertisement. Oh, come on. Such brave girls is like 20 minutes. Is it? I don't know what you're on about. So yeah. It's about these, this, these two girls, these two sisters and they live with their mom and the, the, the dad is out of the picture. It one of the girls is super depressed all the time and she doesn't have any sense of identity. And she thinks she might be gay, but she's comfortable in her relationship with her boyfriend and although she treats him like crap, but being safe is important to her too. And the other girl is absolutely obsessed with this kid, this guy named Nikki, who wants nothing to do with her other than to like, bang her once in a while and then, and then leave her guessing. You know? And so she's at work texting him. Like, never speak to me again. I freaking hate you. Then two minutes later, just kidding. What are you up to? Respired to this, don't respond to this mess, you know, to all the stuff like that. It's, it's good. But I can't even tell you some of the jokes that I'd seen in that show because it's like I said, man, they probably not YouTube friendly either. There he's, um, our last love's a girl. A show called Derby Gales. Oh, a love dairy girl. We watched all the, man, those such a good show. I'm even watched five of the Ted. Father Ted. No, I haven't seen that. What a father Ted. All right. I'll see if I can find that one. We're watching Fargo right now TV show. US TV show and it was based off of the movie and it gets pretty dark. Very cinematic, very, very good entertaining show. We're in season 30 now. Father Ted is just just humour. It's just super humour. It's a priest that lives in Ireland in his house in the middle of nowhere and he has another priest that lives in whose thickest men's. I mean, a stupid, it'd be on stupid, called Dougal. And then there's an old retired priest that lives in the old college called Father Jack and all he does is swear. Oh, yeah. And they just have these stupid adventures. It's, it's, it's light-hard. It's easy going. But it is there's a lot of self-deprecating humour in British comedy where somebody does something and they make themselves look dumb and then they're embarrassed in front of like the general public and they just have to eat crap and live with it. You notice that? It's a very, I think a common thing is that people end up feeling very embarrassed for themselves in British comedy. I think how a humour is very abused driven. Yeah, yeah, it's dark. Yeah, I mean in a nice way. I mean, there's a guy, a kind of a man whose name is all over TikTok and Instagram reels at the moment, he's a, he's a scouts comedian. I might be Paul Smith and basically just picks on the front row in his shirt. I think he'll ask a name, that's what they do. And to be honest, if someone spoke to me that in the street, I'd be, I've been to put me on as a mpok, it's because I'd be wanting to, you know, but he's like in in the youth. And I think that's something that is unique to British humour is the level of abuse we will give each other, but also to the depths of where that abuse will go. And it's just taken as bummer and being humour, you know, I mean, there's no subject that's a boo between mates. You can do anything. What does this mean? Your Paul Smith Dave. Your Paul Smith. Is that, does that give me, yes, it's Paul Smith. That's the guy's name. Only fools in horses. What's that? That's an old, I'm not a fan. I'll probably get shot for this, but I'm not a fan. Yep. So it's a Ford said Paul Smith as well. Yeah. Yeah. I remember watching a show, I watched the whole thing. It was two guys that lived in an apartment together, excuse me a flat, two guys that lived in a flat together. And I think it was called Peep Show. All right. Okay. Watch, Bob. Bottom. Yeah. Okay. All right. That went down. That's two guys that live in a flat. Okay. Yeah. And I think they called it Peep Show because it looked inside their heads and what they said versus what they were thinking. All right. One. One. Okay. I'll check it out. All right. Guys. It's what? It's a spin off from a show called The Young Wums. I know the young ones. Yeah. I never watched it, but I'm familiar with it. Well, basically two of the characters are the young ones live together in a flat. They're not those characters, but the actors, well, the comedians have played those characters. They live in a flat together. And it eats still very similar behavior. But it's ridiculous. It's for me. Well, we only have, I think, one episode left of such brave girls. And here's a thing. I'm going to tell you like one of the jokes is that the mom is dating this guy who has a really nice house. And he wants to, she, of course, she's like, she has no money and she wants, she wants him to invite her in the girl's to go live at that house. And it turns out that his, his, his, his late wife, his wife had passed away. And the, the girl's mom, their father just went out for crackers or something one day and never came. Went out for smokes and never came back. And, uh, one of the girls still believes like, oh, yeah, he's going to come back. He's going to come back and she has all these daddy issues. She's the one who has the, the boyfriend who doesn't care about her. Anyway, um, she, the mom ended up telling the boyfriend that their, uh, their dad had died as well to like get in with him. So they could bond over having both lost a spouse. And, and the, the, the, the, the boyfriend is like, oh, you, you, you girls are such brave girls. And they have to go along with this lie, you know, the whole time. And that's how the show, I think gets its name is like the second episode says, oh, you're such brave girls. And they're really all like the most horrible human beings. So anyway, we appreciate you guys tuning in. Thanks for watching and leave us questions for the next episode. Dave, I shared with the group over at Facebook a video you did from your training seminar. You're starting to get those videos back and posting them up on social media. Yeah. Yeah. The progressive resistance. And any plans? Yeah. I'm doing another one of those. I'll see what a feedback is. I've got a video back yesterday. So there's a few I'm going to fire out. There's a lot. I'm not. But there's a few I'm going to fire out. Um, and then I'll put it that up and see what people want to do. I'm going to run another pill is course. Um, and probably do another seminar training course as well. So we'll see what feedback is. But I thought I'll just do a bit of market in first. Um, and then the other thing is clear view is just about to go live. Clear view. What's that? Hmm. Is that really testing? Oh, no kidding. Hmm. So if you're in the UK, you can send a bottle of something in. Find out what's in it. No, yeah, but we're close. Yeah. We're driving it at the moment. Just make sure everything works in the sense of the web end of it works and things with everything. Okay. Um, so I'm hoping the website is functional before the end of this week. Hell yeah. All right. Well, keep us posted on that. And guys, of course, you can go to evalblut analysis.com. If you're in the UK, get your lab worked done by Dave. You can go to truenutrition.com. If you're in the US and use our code think over there, high quality third party tested proteins, all sorts of card powders, everything you can think of. They really have a lot of information about the data. If you need supplements, you want to support our programming, shop with them. You'll get some good stuff in your support our show with code think supplement source.ca for our Canadians. And of course, strong sports nutrition for those of you in the UK. Great health and performance supplements. Thank you to everybody from Patreon. We have some Patreon questions. Keep firing those things in and stay tuned to Patreon for everything that's going on with the show. Oh, also, if you're watching on Spotify, if you listen on Spotify, if they have video on Spotify, no. So, if you use Spotify to listen to the show, you can look at our pre faces. You can see Dave's beautiful face. Dave needs a weight. All right, guys, we'll see you soon for another episode of the podcast with Dave Crosslin. I'm Scott McNeilly. Catch you later. Thanks, guys. Bye.