Hey, but stop guys, this Friday at the mutant booth at the Arnold Classic, Ron Dusty and I will be recording the podcast. So if you're coming out to the Arnold, be sure to stop by and Friday. Early, we're gonna figure out a time. We'll have you guys all come back hang out with us. You might even be able to get on the show. You don't have to be on the show, but you might be able to get on the show. Plus, we're gonna get you guys involved. It's gonna be a lot of fun. So stop by and by. I would love for this show just because I'm sick and disturbed. I would love for it to be a like, like an out of this world conditioning battle. So we got to remember like share, subscribe, comment and ring the bell. You got to say the end, ring the bell. Who did? I did. You waited. It was like a long delay. Yeah, I was like, I was just pulling it apart. You saw me. I was waving the end. Yeah, I was just letting you know. Harvey, go get a bonus. Something. Are we ready for the Arnold? Is that what we're talking about? Scott. Yeah, what are we talking about? I had a question for you. Arnold time about that, too. Okay. You don't have to take it. I know if you guys want to take it out the gate, we can. You can take some time to think about it if you want. But I know that we all three of us, including myself, have been to the Arnold a ton of times. And we kind of take for granted what the whole experience is like. I bet that there are going to be some people watching this podcast right now that have never been to the Arnold. Either they want to live, I careously, through those of us going, or they are going. And they want to know what to do when they're there. So I wanted to ask you guys out of your vast experience at the Arnold Classic. Excuse me, the Arnold Sports Festival. But are the things, what's number one? What's it like there? And then number two is like, what are the things that you suggested? Everybody does while they're there. That's a good one. You know, Columbus isn't like, you know, you're not going to Vegas, right? Yeah. Going to a college town. So remember that like the number one thing there is, what is it? The Buckeyes? Ohio State Buckeyes? Ohio State Buckeyes? For Bulls Eye. Yeah, the Buckeyes. So it's all because of the. Yeah. It's a Buckeyes, right? So nervous. It's good. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yeah. I got it right. We got a Spartan. So that's something. No, no, no. We have so many schools down there. Sorry, but I got it right. So it's like the Buckeyes, right? So that's like the number one thing. There's Dave the hockey team to the blue jackets, but I don't think they have an NBA team do they know? No NBA teams. Those are the two. Those are the two reasons to be in. It's not a big city. It's not a big city. It's not a big city. The hotel, it's, you know, most convenient to stay at one of those two hotels. You know, like the ones we always stay at dusty, you know, that's not the most convenient way to do it. And training, uh, training is wrong. Sorry. That gym that. Yeah. Was the powerhouse there? Was it the one you're thinking of? Well, that powerhouse. It's changing, right? It's changing, right? Yeah, it's the powerhouse. You know, I had a good workout there when I was there last time, but it's like, you know, it's going to be super busy. So there's, there's been a couple of years where I went to the Arnold, and I didn't train at all, but didn't even train once, just because I didn't, didn't even bother. I just rested. Maybe I trained like a few extra days, because in a row before I left, and then just like rested. Yeah. So, um, I mean, there's some great gyms. Obviously, there's all those powershacks, and there's American barbell. You know, I did a mutant on a mission in an American barbell. And, uh, I mean, that's a great gym. But, you know, it's a little bit of a drive. So if you don't have time to take like a, you know, 20 minute Uber, whatever it is, you know, everybody's, you know, it's kind of a hectic weekend, right? So, um, that's the one thing about the Arnold dusty. I think you'll agree is the Arnold is the Arnold to me seems a lot more hectic than the Olympia. Oh, yeah. Well, because there's no escaping the Arnold, like, when you leave the expo in Vegas, the Olympia is over because people are just in Vegas, meaning like, not every person is there for the Olympia. Yeah. When you go to the Arnold, the chances are that weekend, you're there for the Arnold. Like, everybody's here. Yeah, we're seeing different things. Yeah, you're just the side. Like, you know, let's go visit Columbus or Ohio in March because that'll be smart. Yeah. I'm still doing this in massive judgment on the fact we won't push that back. And, but whatever. Um, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's very true. You know what's funny though is, so I was trying to think of the thing that I would suggest most with the Arnold. And I would say the biggest thing is understanding how busy it really is. I, I fully expect this should be like it used to be because last year was a good kick-up that did a good job. And now everyone's realized that that one word that we can't say is over. And, you know, I think it'll be nuts. I mean, it's one of the things. One thing I would suggest is if you are going to have to go to the bathroom and you aren't having to go yet start walking in that direction because it's going to take you 20 minutes to get there. So, trying to have to pee. Great. Having to go to the bathroom. Great point, Dusty. Scope the bathrooms. Make sure you know what the nearest bathroom is at all times. It must be a very strategic, key dick bathroom user. One thing I will say beyond any doubt, no one can argue me. I'm right. This is a correct answer. The Arnold Classic typically has the filthiest, most disgusting bathrooms of any expo you'll ever go to. Almost completely uncapped like no one cares at all. And they'll be by the end of Saturday there's about an inch of liquid just on the bathroom floor. Oh, really sure. How much of it is water and how much of it is urine and you're hoping your chucks are new enough that that rubber seal around the toe is really really going to hold. You know, your socks to start seep in through feeling like, yeah, you're kind of walking in, you're looking at the floor and you've got your hands out like this, you know, to be tip-y. So you don't slip. And it's gross and there's no soap in the dispenser, everybody's just raw dog and it with their hands and it's just a nasty thing. Some of the nastiest bathrooms I've ever seen in my life have been at the armor classic. And I don't know exactly who's fault that is. And maybe they've turned that around, Dusty. I know they got the new team on board running the show, so maybe that's fast. Yeah, maybe that's the thing. No, it's definitely not going to be. So you nailed it. And I actually, this is for almost every show and you know, this to run is bring your own hand sanitizer. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Because the capability for everything between the, between the fact that there may not be soap, there may not be way to dry your hands or they have those crappy ass fan things that don't do anything. I literally, and I always wonder what people think because a good percentage of time, I piss and walk right out. And they're probably thinking, that's sick bastard. And then I just shut that guy's hand at the booth in minutes ago. Literally, I keep it in my pocket. I immediately put it in. I have learned because I do not know if the gym is well. I'm a big on the sanitizer stuff. Yeah, make sure to come out like using it. So people know like, okay. I like to, I enjoy a good virtue signal. I enjoy that. This is a big joy. Make sure you guys know. Yeah. You might start done it or maybe at this, at this expo, I think if somebody walks up and stinks like they always do, I'm just going to reach in my bag and put on the other. On myself. Right. Oh, you do that. We do this too, right? Oh, yeah. Let me just grab that. Yeah. Like, yeah, you know, maybe I'll have a, like, get some samples. You want some? Oh, yeah. You want to borrow my stick. Deal. Keep it. Oh, yeah. Oh, man. But our solution, I think we should be okay. So besides the bathrooms. Okay. Yeah, I started off on such a high note. I think it's got a lot of bad. I'm going to be. Everybody. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Ron and Dusted give our own classic advice. And it's just bathroom. I had a grand clean. New. New. New. New. New. New. New. New. New. I'm both going about. It's. So here that no one listens. Um. So good. No, but, really, there's a lot of great things. So I, I, uh, there's a lot of great things about the Arnold. It's, it's real tight. If you stand one of those hotels, you don't really have to go anywhere. Yeah. You know, it's not like Vegas where you got a, you know, hop in an Uber and get your ass down to the convention center for the Expo or take the little train or there's nothing that's just all right there. If you stay at one of those places, you just walk. And it's real tight, takes a few minutes to get there. It's easy, at the Olympia that was quite a walk. They sent us on to go to the night show. They heard it us all around this long way. And we came all the way back to the door we'd come in. But they just wanted the line on one side. So they heard it everybody this way. And it was like a 10 minute walk around the mall. And then we came around the doorway. But they made us walk around that way. We didn't know that we were going to write us back for this door. 10 minute walk for no reason. I was so mad. I was like, this one to happen at the Arnold. No. Oh, that was a mess. So it's all one more. It's all in one roof. Oh, good dusty. One more thing. Yeah, it across from where you guys stay. At one of the other hotels, which might be where you stay, you've got to get chocolate chips, cookies for max and air mass. Yeah. OK. And they're in the little skillet thing. Oh, yeah. So you may find dusty at Max and Irma's if you get there at the right time. I earned these chens, baby. How are you like a champ? Oh, yeah. We're going there for sure. OK. Sorry. That's the only advice I have for the all. So we should tell people too that there's literally like it's not just body building. It started out as Larmor in Arnold making this agreement, right? That they were going to have a show in Columbus. And now it's like everything. Like you're walking down this hallway. And there's like power lifting happening over here, and fencing happening over here. And people doing like an art contest, drawing paint paintings over here. And there's body painting going over there. And there's a whole section, just for strongman stuff. Like a huge, strongman stuff. And what else? I mean, power lifting, you'll be like looking in one little room. Artary. Artary. Artary. Artary. Yes. Can we get in? Did you say fencing? The fencing was there. It was really cool. Yeah, fencing. And I mean, remember when we went to the Arnold UK, they had that guy that I knew riding flatland. You're kidding. And that little spot. Yeah. Yeah. And I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I go here up 300. And he like shook my hand. And he runs a company that does shows. So he's got a couple guys that jumped some ramps. And they've got a van with the ramp down the side. And it's like a traveling show, right? They can go set it up at schools. They can do the show anywhere. They don't need a lot of space. Yeah. It's got a couple of really good ramp riders. And he's got a really good skater. And you know, a guy with one of those trials bikes, you know, like the mountain bikes where they hop like from like post to post. And do that sort of stuff. And then he's got a parkour runner. So this guy like uses the ramps, but just running. And he like flips off the ramps and does all this parkour stuff. So, and then he does flatland like in between the shows, right? So it's just like a little traveling thing. And actually just emailed someone to try to find out if they have any BMX at their own oclosic this year. Because so far they had it in at the last Arnold in Brazil. And they had it in the UK. So I'm going to see if I go check it out. That'd be cool. And then they'll be shows happening in the expo. We didn't even talk about the expo yet, but that's huge. It shows happening in there. Yeah. And it'll be a stage in the back. And then there's the the the ballroom where the big show happens. And that's the amateur has always taken place in there too. So they have the Arnold amateur, which wasn't going to happen this year for two days. And then then it is. Yeah. They changed that over. I don't think Mike Davies is involved in it anymore. But that that's always a good show. That's always like a really good show for the amateurs. And you know, it's super international. Like they'll be people from all these different countries there. You know, competing. And this is the kind of stuff where there are countries that are literally sending their athletes to compete in this show. They're paying for them. They're paying for their team from like Portugal or whatever to come out here and compete. And it's interesting because when you're sitting in the audience at the Arnold amateur, I felt like one of the very few people that spoke English, not kidding. Like that's how how diverse the audience is for that. All their friends and family and team members and stuff. So it's a very unique experience. And you get to see it's kind of cool. I'm sure you guys get this too. It's cool to see how bodybuilding looks in other countries. Obviously we're all doing the same stuff. But there's like a slightly different take and a slightly different look and you know, different genetics that you get from different places in the world. And I love seeing how that translates on stage. You know, like a lot of, you know, kind of the stereotypes we throw around. They're of like all, you know, guys from this country are always big. Guys from this country are always ripped. You know, like there's all these stereotypes. Yeah. But they're sort of rooted truth. They're rooted in like who the famous guys from that area are and what they look like. And so there's like this, but I know what you mean. Like I've gone to shows before. I've been like man, all the Mexican guys that were in like the light weights and middle weights were just peeled. Yeah. Everything. One of them. You know what I mean? So you see this like thing like a certain team is there and they're all in great shape. Yeah. Wow. They're like really doing there. You know what I mean? So yeah, it's pretty cool. But they're not messing around either. Like those are the same guys that are like trying to go to like, you know, IPB worlds and stuff like that. Yeah. You know, they're all the punches to be like the best. Like heavyweight they're ever was. You know, and I mean just like yeah, yeah, you know, to the bones and times. Yeah. Yeah, really impressive. I remember when we were at the Arnold in Madrid one year, which actually was the number one worse path for me. I've ever been to. That's another. And we had to be in times for wrong. Yeah, he was still writing the path. I'm not going to get over this. A whole episode. And just thrown in. There was a like a team from the Philippines that was there to compete. But they were sponsored by the mutant distributors. So they were all wearing mutant shirts and mutant hoodies and. And bags. And anyways, I like said, hi to them. There was like five or six of them. And they were all Filipino guys. And then like they went to compete, you know, on the stage. And I was kind of trying to peak, but I couldn't really tell what was going on. You know, it'll work in the booth. Yeah. They are later. And two of them had won their weight classes. Nice. And they took their shirts off and they were posing and they looked identical to each other. But one was a middleweight and one was like like a light weight or whatever. But they literally looked like a genocle. That's pretty. But they were awesome. No. But a lot of people don't know about like like that level of body building. Kind of some kind of in a way gets like missed the most. And then they're like, you know, people's pros. Yeah. Right. And then people see their local people at the gym all the time. Yeah. But you know, like international level competitors, like they don't get a lot. There's like so many really good ones. And they don't get a lot of like recognition, you know, unless they win and turn pro. You know, because it's like, do you know who can you name 10 guys that went to the world's last year? God, no. You know, I can't. Right. I've seen some of them. You know what I mean? And I see their other faces. And like, oh, yeah. I know that guy. Right. You know, I mean, yeah, because there's a lot of them, right? So it's just all some possible to like know them all, you know. But yeah, it's just it's a really, really great level of body building. You know, because there's an appreciation for all the different weight classes. And they're all really elite at those body weights. So it's interesting, you know. Now, what's happening at the booth, you know, over at the expo. So this is going to be at the Arnold, unlike the Olympia. This is Friday, Saturday, and Sunday, right? Yeah, you did expo. It's my least favorite part. Yeah. The Sunday at the Arnold is kind of funny because you know that some people like party hard Saturday. Yeah. Yeah. So there's like a certain element. On Sunday, there's like a certain element of like, you're like, Just a little bit. Yeah. You know. But I think it's too though that for me, if I was going to do an expo any type, like another industry so that I'm excited about it. I'm weird because I would walk the expo and I'd be done one time. I wouldn't circle the expo for three days straight. It's just like, I don't think there's that much at any expo. I've been to some wild ones like big expo's or different things. So I think that sometimes people are bored when they're walking around. Because they do. I feel like some people come like they stay because they spend the money. Yeah. I've seen that. And I felt that too, but also as like from being the guy who's walking around the expo perspective, I also feel like, well, you know what, maybe I see some like Sundays a good day to get deals, you know, maybe maybe I wanted to talk to this athlete over here, but on Saturday it was like a nightmare. And I knew he's going to be there on Sunday. Then I'm like, you know what, I'm going to show up on Sunday when it's chill. And then he's just staying there by himself when we can talk for five minutes, you know? Right. So I like that. We're pretty good about that though with the mutant. Like it's, I think because there's like so many of us people kind of hang out for a bit. And then we have like little round, like round table discussions with people like Ron and I and Jane, we talking to one person and then they realize it's one thing I think is fun is like somebody will come up and say they're a fan of Jamie. Okay. So they're like, oh my god. I mean the giant. Yeah. And then after like five minutes they start to realize that they're just like friends. You know what I mean? You can quickly erase that part and body, in which I love like they start to realize that you're just bullshitting and like talking like you would with anybody else. And they're like, oh, Jamie's just a cool guy. You know what is cool? Which I love about the shows because you know, I've seen the other ones. I think it's one nice thing about not being a like a Jay Cutler. Because he has no time. It's literally hey man, how are you? Quick conversation. You gotta go. You know, it's really cool for us. We have a huge advantage because we don't have 700 people waiting in line. Yeah. So you get to like actually hear people's stories and yeah, you know, to talk to people. That's fun for us. Like I, I, you know, doing wrong. I love the paycheck. See, it runs. I love the paycheck of having a line like that. But you don't get to enjoy the people. I mean, Matt, some freaking awesome people like Ron and I where we've even seen them multiple times. You know, sometimes not even the same event. You'll meet them at the, you know, at an event in England and see them again in Germany. You know, people really dig them. So that part I enjoy is just being a spend time with the people. And I feel like the Arnold does give you a little more of that. Because I feel like you're a diehard bodybuilding fan of the Arnold. Like you don't know, I mean, you're, you're the, or are you just bodybuilding any of the other sports too. And you also get the, the people who came for fencing who are just wandering around and they're like, Who are these freaks? Yeah. Like everybody's together, you know, and it's cold because it is cold, you're not going to wander too far away anyway. Like I don't care what hotel if you're in one of the host hotels, you are literally like all connected. So you don't even have to go outside. You just literally walk from your room downstairs down a hall. Maybe through a tunnel that goes over the sidewalk. And then you're in the expo. And there's a good chance you never have to leave. But there are good little restaurants and stuff around too. Like I, I like this place. It's a burger place called, I think it's called like the bear burger. Or something like that. Okay. And it's a really, right across the street. Right across the street. It's nice. So mutant always has their team dinner at Buco de Beppo. Oh yeah. It's always go to, yeah. Oh man, that's like family style Italian. You know, like huge servings, you know, like big bowls that you share of like, you know, big plates of chicken parmesan, come out and stuff. It's just awesome. I love going there. And it's pretty cool because it's like, you know, you know, that remember that place dusty. It's really like kind of a ceiling like really crowded, like wouldn't boost. It's just kind of a cool old Italian place. And it's a lot of fun to go to. And we pick out, we pick out there like it's so easy to just eat and eat and eat. Yeah. Yeah. I think like last time, like, I was actually fading at the table. Like, sorry. I thought it was like, oh, come on Dutch. You could stay awake for this. Yeah. Now I'm looking forward to that. And we, but this time, I think we're like taking over the entire restaurant. Yeah. Because we have like 30 people coming. Cheese. Yeah. Perfect. The Arnold. And I heard, I heard we got our special guests coming from Detroit as well. Yes. That's you. I'm invited. I'm coming out to dinner with you guys. All right. I look forward to that. Yeah. All right. Good. That'll be good. It'll be one year since we signed Jamie because remember we were like took Jamie to dinner and we like said, hey, like I think you'd be good fit for mutant and I, and then I, you know, made a few calls. So, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And he is a great fit. A lot of fun. Like you were saying, like Ron or Dusty, you were saying, like, you know, somebody might come up as a fan of Jamie. And I saw that at the Olympia. We're like he'd be talking to somebody else and somebody would be like, oh, man, there's Jamie. I really, you know, I can't tell you how much I looked up to this guy. You know, and then before you don't, we're all talking to him. And then when Jamie's done, I'm like, hey, come on over here, man. And you know, it's, it is, that is a cool feeling. Yeah. Yeah. That is a cool feeling. The only thing I will say is that I think some of our listeners, they'd come up and they meet us. And then they would say, like, after a couple minutes, they'd like, okay, listen, I don't want to take up too much of your time. I understand you're really busy. And my thought to that is, this is what I was here to do. You know, and I mean, like, I'm here to hang out with these guys. So don't go anywhere. Stay. That'd be my thought. Yeah. You know. Yeah, it's a lot of fun, you know. And it's a little more concentrated than the Olympia because at the Olympia, you have to spread out so much, right? I don't know if you guys touched on that when I was out. But, you know, like, they're spread out and hotels and stuff. But at the Arnold, everyone's at the same two hotels pretty much. Like it seems like that. Yeah. You know, like I'm sitting at the bar eating a steak by myself. And lunch for just wanders up because there's nowhere to literally know where to sit. It stands there for like 30 minutes and just chats, you know. And then like before he leaves someone else comes up and they got to order some food to go because it's nowhere to sit. Like it's, you know, it's just like, it just all crammed together and talking. And you have conversations with people you wouldn't normally like bump into, you know. Who? Like we all see that seem to see the same people at all the expos. But sometimes at the Arnold, you'll run into like other people. Yeah, I haven't met that guy yet. Like there's some of that happens, you know. Yeah. So yeah. Maybe we're giving out awards again too this year. Never know. Remember last year I wound up on stage with Arnold and Brandon Curry. Oh yeah. Don't forget, right? I was a magical moment. Ron was Ron was so worried about how it turned out. I was watching. He's like, how was it? I'm like, you are the only person that analyzes perfection for ten minutes after. It could have been any more smooth. He's like, I don't know. I don't know. I was like, literally it was forever. I was standing here watching. I thought the handshake with Arnold was a little sketchy. I could have just put it in like smoother. Well, it wasn't off the fact that I like didn't. Yeah, I was like, I know. Yeah, another was no sidewalk was all good. Yeah, yeah, it was. Yeah. You know, just one of those things they even said, you guys will come off. And then Arnold will come off. They said that. That's the only thing that really actually said. I'm remembering having this conversation once before. I really think we really gave you no instruction other than you'll come off and Arnold will come on. Yeah. So then Sean Sean said to me, because he's done that before. He's like, yeah, well, we got to raise his hand, give him the jacket, you know, bubble bus to around. And then I'll let you know, I'll give you the nod, we'll walk away. And I was like, oh, thanks, Sean. And then so we're like standing there with Brandon's hand in the air, you know, and Arnold walks right up with a trophy. I'm like, oh fuck, what do we do with my hands? Yeah. I don't do it. I don't do it. I don't do it. I don't do it. I don't do it. I don't do it. Oh, that was so great. Oh, man. Yeah. I think we talked about that for like an hour. The next, the next, the next, the next, the next. Yeah, you over. Yeah, you over. I realized now that I kind of forgot about that. And I don't know if that was because it was like traumatic. So I like jettisoned it. And it just all came rushing back. It's exactly what it is. Yeah. We would you if you had to bring it back. Remember that time? No. And it was funny. It started as a good memories. No. I was like, oh, yeah, the time was on stage with Arnold. And then I said, and it rushed back as I go, oh, God. Oh. You know, you forgot. You forgot about the pressure. Oh, man. That was good. So Scott, you've had another week to think about it. Yes. Who is winning the Arnold classic? Oh, man. Oh, man. There's only one division. There's the men's open. I have to bring the list back up in order to answer that question. So you can skip me for a moment. And then all. We're doing the back. Okay. So we're going to do who's winning and who's your dark, dark horse. They like shake things up. Could win also, but whatever. All right. Go to wrong. Well, my money just because you know me in the statistics is on Nick. That's my money. Right. Right. But dark horse, if I had to pick one, two, one. Surprise. Is that that it? Just one to surprise. I mean, I think Nick is a safe bet. So it's the other, it's the other option. Like, you know, it's almost like you're saying who's in second or could topple some people or whatever. You know. I don't know. I keep, I keep thinking that Samson's rate of improvement is. Didn't stop at the Olympia. Right. So imagine, you know, I was talking to Andrew Barry about this the other day. Imagine what he's going to look like in a few years now with maturity, more maturity to his muscle. Like imagine the potential not only the short term gains he's made, but imagine as he like really starts etching that in. Right. I'm also going to go out on a limb. Just because I can't get it. I kind of get excited. I think that we are going to see like a, I'm going to go out on a limb. I have a feeling. I think we're going to see a, an Andrew Jack where you're like, oh my god. He's in shape. Yeah. I think that's what we're going to see because you know how it's gloots of like kind of in there. But nothing freaky. But like Andrew Jacked with like Derek Lundsford glutes shredded like truly shredded. What does that look like? And Chris knows exactly how to do that. He's got a suffer. Chris knows that that's what makes it different. I mean, everyone still goes back and looks at every, I've had, I've had so many people go, you know, the year that a pseudo helped Rami when he was kind of small. Yeah, he looked really, really good. Yeah, a little more, I would love to see them have some more time together. You know what I mean? Like he was in really good shape and he was tight. He wasn't as bad as him. But it was a step toward something. Yeah, yeah. It was like an improvement. And then it was like conditioning was better. And it was all these things like that that were like, oh, this is better. And I think that we're going to see a step in Andrew. I think that Chris really wants to show that, you know, because you know, he loves to do that, right? Take someone who's good and make them like really good. Yeah, right? So yeah, I just, I'm excited. I think that there's potential there because, you know, the coach can want to do that, but does the guy have the mileage? Yeah. And Andrew Jack is kind of like body builder young, even though he's like, you know, kind of started late, but body builder wise, he's kind of young. So that's when a guy like, you know, Chris coming in and like, you know, really pushing him can make the biggest difference. So, you know, and psycho Lewis too, you know, I don't know him, but I mean, man, I mean, he's helped some of the best, you know, if that's what they need, if that's what they need, that's what they need, you know, we'll see. I think with the guy like Andrew Jack, the most important thing is that you're just pushing him. Just pushing. Like who cares? Like, okay, pick a style at training whatever. Push him. Like, you know, like, okay, what type of dial don't care what type of dial you're going to put him on, but like push him. Like, yeah, I'm like, you know, we've got the genetics. He's got the if you just add the suffering, and then you get the world class conditioning with the crazy mass and all that stuff. And that's what I'm, I'm hoping to see just because, you know, I like seeing that shit. Oh, I got a question for Ron, what do you expect out of big ramen? So, you know, I'm pretty skeptical of when I hear people say, oh, we, we fixed this, we fixed that, we corrected this, we corrected that. Just because of personal experience, I know what it's like to have nerve issues and muscles that aren't the same as it used to be. And like, it's not just a massage away. Like, geez, usually just gets worse for the rest of your life. They just doesn't, like, I don't know. I'm very skeptical that they fixed very much. If they did, like it be shows up in the dense and the legs are gone. Yeah. And the lats are fuller down like lower and his triceps are big and round and hard looking. I'd be just blown away. I want to know what stem cell treatment or what what happened because I wanted all over my body. You know what I mean? So I just don't know if that's what we're going to see if, you know, I mean, Rami could win this show. Yeah, it's possible. Rami could win this show. It's possible he wins this show. It could show up with like vengeance in his eyes and they could have brought him down like 20 more pounds, just shredded to shit out of them. Just said, screw it death face, bring him in, just walk him on the stage, just peel to the bone, who cares if he's under 300. And he probably probably have a better chance at winning. You know what I mean? It's still be the big story. He's still be the biggest guy by, you know, and also too, like, you know, comparing him to a guy like Nick does he actually look better lighter because then he's not blocky like if they're both kind of blocky, then it's still a comparison. But if like, you know, Nick's not the least blocky guy from the front, right? Yeah. So, you know, who knows it might be an advantage to come in lighter and tighter with a smaller waist and really, really sucked in and ultra conditioned instead of trying to be huge when you're already Rami. So I don't know. He could win this show. But I just, you know, he's got to show up and prove it. What do you think? I think that this show, there's two options for Rami and I'm going to be on a song which what I think it is. I think this show will put Rami being a, an Olympia winner again to sleep. I think if he doesn't, I mean, here's the spot he's in. If he doesn't come in and win, yeah, that's over. Because these guys aren't getting worse. They're getting better. Yeah. So Nick Walker is going south. Getting worse. And Samson's going north at a fricking rate that cannot be stopped. Then come the Olympia. We're not talking about, you know, it doesn't matter. Like if Rami beat Samson, but didn't win the show and he still wasn't like holy cow, we're not talking about, can, you know, Rami's not even a subject for Samson anymore after that. He's still saying. So these guys are drastically improving. So this show, for me, I thought this was an interesting decision because I like to play chess. And understanding the game is, you want to do a J, where people write you off and you have time and you come back and you're a mind of who the you are. You know what I mean? And I don't think that's going to happen. I think you're going to remind us what we already know, which is, you know, and I think he's a freak's freak. But I do, I just have a feeling like, because for example, like you just said Ron, Ron, like Nick, his look. But when Nick hits shots, like when he's a front double, I don't see anything. I see no flaws. He knows how to pull that waist in. He just looks freaky and I'm like, I don't care. I love it. You know, when Rami hits shots, even good shots, I'm like, what's up with this? Why is your midsection not look that tight? There are a lot of things that are starting to happen. And like you said Ron, like typically when your body starts to head in the direction, I've never seen, I mean, when Jay's back started to change, it didn't come back. When you know, when Ron is back, started to go, it didn't come back. Like when she started going south, I just think you go south. Dennis Wolveslats didn't come back. Nothing came back. Like yeah, what people, you know, I'm going to say this. I'm going to say this. I think that when you're especially when you're big, like the bigger you are, when it's over, it's over. Yeah, we're great. Like it's over. As soon as you're not your best anymore, it's over. Because your body can only be, you know, especially the big guys. The body can only be 320 and I'm clearly speaking for personal experience on this. That's why like, but percentage of the planet's been 330. I know what it's like. Once you're that weight and then, you know, stuff happens to your body where you can't maintain that anymore. Like you start to get hurt and your body's breaking down and you're getting into your late 30s and you add you add you add it. Like it's over. You'll never be that big again. It's impossible. And that's just the level they're at. These are that formula one. Guys, if they're not top, top, top condition and situational, you know, they're training and their ability to push their bodies like, you know, if you, if you have to hold back 5% in the gym at the Olympia level, your odds of winning are like reduced drastically, I feel. Like the margin for errors, the margin for being able to like hold back is just so slim. Do you guys agree also though that my opinion in the highest level is there's two judgeings that take place on the stage. There's ramen against ramen and then there's ramen against everybody else. Absolutely. Yeah. That's the other thing people forget about is you are judged against your best also. So I feel like that's the whole that people don't get. It's like, I'm sorry, but everyone saw the pictures after this, you know, after this year's Olympia. I mean how go toe to toe with when you work with the seat notes and now which ramen of those two wins? It's that one. Back then for sure. Never won yet. That ramen beats this ramen. So that happens. Then you look up and you say now, Nick Walker against the best. Oh, Nick Walker is better than he's ever been. Okay. So if, and I agree with you guys in all this, I think part of the factor can be somebody who's really big, right? What about a guy? I mean, obviously he's not small by any means, but he's not a mass monster, just sheer volume. What about William Bonic? Because William Bonic's looked better in the past, you know? I mean, he could he could he pull it back together because I feel like for me, to me, there's more of a case for Bonic being able to still win something like this. I don't know. I think it's possible. I wouldn't write him off. I'll put it that way to be real dangerous. I wouldn't either. Because he was off at the Olympia. He wasn't like, there wasn't like, oh, where did your lat go? Why didn't you waste getting so big? That didn't happen. He was just a little off. So yeah, in this case, I consider the Olympia a fluke for Bonic, not the other way around. I think that's the thing that happens in bodybuilding over time is you're trying to decide which one was the fluke. Yeah. And he's only been off once. And he nails it every. And I hate to even say he was off. Off against himself. You know what I mean? Yeah. So I would never bet against him. I think he's one of the most consistent, and I think Bonic's a freak. Like I consider him a freak show. So absolutely the freak is he has got to be one of the most consistent freaks there is. Yeah. He's extremely dangerous. And what your point was about him being off at the Olympia, that's sort of the same as how Jay was able to come back and win the title because Jay didn't lose the title because his body lost the title. He lost the title because even he said he got complacent and he didn't get into it in their shape and he got beat. And he knew right away that he was going to win the following year because he's like, Oh, Jesus, all I have to be is in the condition. I didn't get out rustled. And his body was still relatively very healthy. He was still killing it in the gym, so Jay came back with 100% conditioning issue the next year to smash it. Whereas, like you said, Ronnie's was in a conditioning issue. Ronnie's body literally started just not being able to do it. Yeah. So that's what I think the same thing is what you just said about Bonic relative to Rami. I think that's the situation there as well. I saw a couple years ago, who's the 2020 show. The show that almost didn't happen backstage, I was really sold and just how crazy he is. I pulled this up right now. I've got, check this out. When I see if I can share this with you guys, I don't think I've ever shown this to you. This footage, let's see here. I'm going to go to this, hit this. All right. So check this footage out. This is in the pump up room. Again, you could just see it backstage how incredible he looked. There's Rami. And this is before he got, this is right before he got real good, but Bonic's coming up here in a minute. Oh, and I'm going to be excited to see, what's his name again? Patrick Moore. We haven't seen him in a little while. What kind of muscle do you think he's growing? It'll either be the exact same guy or it'll be drastically different because I haven't seen him. Yeah, look at this. Just look at, like, how much freaking muscle he has on him. Isn't that insane? I look at that like the Mr. Potatohead thing, right? Like it looks like a delta was put on like a nose. And then the arm was added. You don't have me in like, yeah. I think I think you're muted around. There you go. Did I ever tell you my story about when I first heard of William Bonic? No. So I was in Dallas with Gasp. This would have been like 2006. I don't know. Seven. I was with Gasp back then. And I was in Dallas and we shot some footage. I can't remember the year. Anyways, they paired me up with Neil Hill. And we did like a chess video. And Neil was kind of like coaching me through. Like they said, hey, do you want to train with Neil Hill? We need an instructional video. And we thought it'd be cool. It's like Neil trains you. And I was like, oh, yeah, sure. I'd love to, you know, tell Neil to do it every once. So we did this chess workout and stuff where hangin' out. And we went Nate afterwards and Neil said he's like, oh, yeah. He's like, he goes, I got this guy that I'm helping. He's like he's, he's, he's going to be really, really good. And I was like, oh, yeah, and he goes, yeah, like he's going to be like texture Jackson good. And I was like, oh and he's like, yeah, like he, he'll win an Arnold. And he might be able to win an Olympia. Like, you know, like he was really like this guy's real. And I was like, oh, who is it? And he's like, oh, he was like, oh, he was really in Bonic. And I was like, oh, because I'd seen like one pitcher of them. And I remember thinking he looked like a mini-kai green because he had the same dreadlocks. Yeah, yeah. And I said, I said, is that the guy that looks like a mini-kai green? And he goes, yes, he goes, he's going to be incredible. And I was like, oh, cool. So like, that was like the first time I really knew who he was. And then like, you know, within a year or two, he was like, you know, on the scene and, you know, smashing stuff, you know, blown people away. So yeah, it's just, you know, he's, he's, he's one of those freaks, you know, where I got like, you know, I got like Neil's arm and was like, you got it. Like, yeah. You know, you have all of it. I would like to see him do really well for this show. I would like to see that. In fact, I'd be interested to see imagine if he comes in at his best and a Nick comes in at his best, what that kind of battle would look like between their two scenes. I would love for this show just because I'm sick and disturbed. I would love for it to be a like, like an out of this world conditioning battle. That's like four or five guys that look like they're going to die. Yeah, so shri. Like, their faces are just just to snow. There's no GH water left in the cheeks. I want guys just death camp. I want like, I want it to just be a anatomy chart just stupid conditioning like everyone kind of accidentally pick the same strategy and they all come in just sucked and nothing. I just for some reason want to see because because all these guys, so many of these guys are so big. Yeah. That even if they come in light, it doesn't, doesn't make them look smaller. Like, we're, it's like home free to just get shredded because they're so huge. Yeah, you know, so I would love to see that and that includes includes a keen. I want to see him in that crew. Oh, yeah. Yeah, I'd love to see him peeled out of his mind, you know. So. Okay. It's like a, it's like the most trait statement before a show, but it's when you hope for is you want to not know who's going to win. Yeah, yeah, he really did. Like those shows where like we're like, no, no, no, I next definitely win and then you go, well, well. Wait, and then all day on the side try. Yeah, yeah, bothers you. All day everybody's talking about it then, right? Yeah, because there's, there's always, and you know, I mean, obviously in our area around like there's typically the blowout. Like, you know, no one wondered like when Daxter was winning the Arnold. You're like, well, you know, like, because because he was so nuts, you know, but like I would love it if the guys came in and it was just a battle, preferably, which never happens. But I like when there's like a three or four person battle, the two is cool. But like when they have a shuffle around because they're not because they're doing it for the show, but they're really trying to figure it out, which means we have no idea what the judges are looking at. We're like, oh, this guy's either winning or he's getting forced. Like, yeah. Oh, yeah. The Olympia. But it's, I mean, our defeat would just happen to the Olympia, right? True. All this is, yeah. Great thing. We weren't really sure. You know, like, to put in rammy on the end thing was like, is that? Are they messing with us? You know, like, what the, you know, like it was just such a chaotic judging call out. And I love those. I love when, when the crowd, because you know, we've talked about how lame bodybuilding crowds can be. And, and I love it when the call out just sort of like takes care of that, like at the prejudging of crowds, just like when you get that, when you get the crowd yelling and screaming and prejudging, it's like, oh, yeah, this is going to be a killer night show. Absolutely. Absolutely. Yeah. Sometimes it works out, you know, sometimes it works out a lot more interesting than others. We know that for sure. There's like 300,000 reasons for this to be a hell of a fight. That's what the winner thought was, yeah. Oh, yeah. I guess it's 300. Yeah. Yeah. For sure. You know, I like it. You notice, but there are one or two additional entrance once the 300,000 was said. Yeah. Yeah. Damn. It's a beautiful thing. It's like what somebody likes to be a killer. I'm like, nah, I'm not going to go. I'll pay. I'm on my way. Yeah. What, what's like third place? First place is 300. If it's like it usually is, let me guess while Scott. Be like 100. But I, it's usually, usually it's like half half. Half half. For a little less. 150 or 100. Yeah. Last year. Last year was 200 and then 120 and then 70 and then 375. Then 20. So those first three, they're actually pretty cool though because it's more than half for second and then more than half for the guy that third versus second. That's a cool one. Not too bad. Let's a cool breakdown. You know, right? You know, yeah, see. No, I'm sharing. Too much sharing. Too much sharing. I want to take all. Yeah. There we go. And let's give them all swords. Wait, never mind. I don't want socialism in my body building. We're sharing. Not every get a trophy or a check. Yeah, no, just first place, that's it. Valid. What do you look at Scott? You got a very intro with Scott. I was looking for him. I was looking for the impression he's about to tell us something. So I was looking for the rest of the prize money, but I am not seeing it though. So, but I mean, it is a huge jump because they said, this is the second year. So that last year, 200,000. Before that, it was 130. So I mean, like, they're really jumping up. So I'm not sure. I'm sure somebody, I'll tell you what, if you're watching this and you know, then comment with what it is. And I will take, I'll, I'll pin your comment at the top, so everybody else will know too. We can rely on our audience for that. Okay. Okay. What do you got, Dusty? You're looking at looking at something. I'm looking at my ring door, but the sea will dodge your losing their mind. Ah. Okay. They have a really issue with my deliveries, and I order a lot of stuff. Right. Have you guys heard of, and don't get this twisted, Ron? If you heard of Stanley's, like, Stanley's cup, the cups that they have that are like, what's the, what's the, was like a thermos cup? Yeah. Look at Yeti. It's like a Yeti, but they're called Stanley Cup. Yeah. Okay. And I heard this, because my oldest was like, I ordered a Stanley Cup, but I'm like, I Stanley Cup, like we're going to hold up the air and win the Stanley. No. She's like, no, a cup. So she tells me she ordered this $50 cup. Yeah. And I was like, you make like $10 an hour. You bought a $50 cup. We got it. That's all. I'm looking at it. Right. So she orders it. And I was like, whatever, she gets it, puts ice in it has a drink, and then she goes to work, and then goes to her friend's house, and then comes home the next day, and she comes down stairs. She was like, I show you something, and she opens the cup, and it's still full of ice. Oh, wow. I like the same now. And now I have hundreds of dollars of these cups coming into my house. I must have one of these stupid cups. Yes. I have now listed without even using one, a Stanley Cup as underrated. Wow. Because I like my ice. I actually picked two colors to make sure they could come to Marred just so I for sure had them for the trip. So when I'm at the booth, I see cold beverage. Oh, hell yeah. And I bet you though, equally keep coffee too. So there's that. They actually if you scroll down on lists how long it will keep these. It will keep a like a cold drink in there cold for seven hours with no ice. Wow. I like some days for ice in there. Yes. I don't like for them. These ones are wonderfully, and you can be powered from the two. Somebody researches. Look who owns Stanley. Oh, dusty. Another. Damn. I saw there was lots of fun colors to dusty. I assume you ordered an array of colors to go with your shirts and hats and shocks. Yeah. I started out with just the basics. Like I said, because I had to get it here. My black one, I got a shiny black and then a dark black. Those don't get here to Thursday. That does not help me. It does not help me. So right. We did two quickies, 140 dollars later for two cups. Oh, God. The 40 answers though. 40 answers. Yeah. I see this. That's your drink warm. They're wrong. Because this beverages. It's very icy. Yeah. These are there. I get to skip all this because I don't really like. I don't really care about. There. Yes. Really care. I get to remember. Like obviously I am still one. Characters. I'm still one ice. I look like is a rooster. I know, I know. I just. I'm really thrilled. I'm fine with just ice cold water. This by just fill my shaker with ice cold water and just drink it. I'm okay with that. This one here like my ice is like it's dwindling. And I got to keep refilling. It's a disaster. Oh, that's cool. The next. I'm totally okay with that. Probably have an ice maker on it, you know. Whenever I'm forced to buy a new fridge, I'll buy one with an ice maker on it. But for now. I'm okay. I don't really bother. You know this is a chicken and a fridge But I'm afraid to part but I don't really make ice I don't really ever have ice in my freezer You know Victoria is not a big ice fan either and I wonder if it's a Canadian thing just because it's already so cold up there You guys don't really want to eat it. I'm not in a tap like almost freezing Because it's like one degree My family there let's We gotta go somewhere warm so you can find out what water is like for the rest of us Yeah, I say hey in Mexico maybe I put ice in my in my jug, you know put some ice in the jug Look maybe I would be more of an ice guy I have to laugh at how I'll not ice you are because my freezer makes two different types of ice So I have big ice and Yeah, you have an ice in the fan. We have even I use then we have the big the big squares of ice if anyone's having a drink I Oh boy, I'm a mess You have an array You don't want to serve like scotch on the rocks with the wrong type of rocks and then you don't want to put the wrong type of ice in a diet coke like you gotta have Different types of ice people are gonna think you're some kind of barbarian Run I just thought of you and I was like Ron doesn't want surprises from like I still know I she's like ice I'm like bigger small ice. He's like big I'm like how big Just can't get into an interview That's the moment right there. Okay, all right. Sorry. Do you rail this girl? But everyone order a Stanley Cup use code I'm kidding. I don't have a code, but you won't want and let anyone out there who's sort of like me and like on the regular day-to-day They don't really care about ice like I'll occasionally throw some ice in my shaker at the gym if I just happen to be By the ice machine, but I'm not really like I'm not I don't have it really use ice at all So let me know if you're if you're like me I want to know if I'm team ice or team no ice We need to know which one yeah, but like I said if I pull up till the drive through window and I ordered a diet coke There'd better be some ice in it, but not a whole cup full of ice not all That's a problem. I'm not anti ice I just don't have it in like you know, it's like I'm not anti chocolate cake I love chocolate cake, but I don't have it in my house Well listen guys, we we aren't gonna have time for Saturday episode That you can't happen this week so that said I did have some listener questions Do you guys have the time to tackle them today fire? Okay, because I'm hoping to I'm not gonna stop time as well. I'm this is my thought is that there's gonna be some people like me They're doing a several hour drive to Columbus and they can listen to this episode Like while they're on their way to get all pumped up for the Arnold and we already talked about that right? So then we just got to fill the rest of their drive now Right, so you're driving to the arm of course I just came back to because I was literally just there for elite Last week so how many hours is that you drove there last week? Yeah? Yeah, I drove some things like day eight interview three hours Three hours oh Okay, that's fine. Yeah, that's not bad at all and it's kind of a cool drive too because once you get through Toledo You get on 23 which is just like a two lane highway type thingy, you know It's like there's there's no real lights. It's all just like it's all corn in just woods and you know nothing Casional farmhouses It's only like a 50 that's 60 or 55 mile an hour road, but it's just like it's easy There's no traffic or anything if you leave at the right time So it's a nice it's a nice drive until you get to close Okay, then it picks back up. Okay. Oh There was a comment this was from episode 200 This is from Connie Richards so you know people were reflecting on that episode about what they've learned from us Over these 200 episodes and Connie Richards says lessons from Ron Too many to list but the main one the only reason you lifted was to lower it Well, I think I actually stole that from Dusty, but I might have said it on the podcast before he did. I don't know But yeah, that's a fair game. I think I Still from you But yeah, and I'm referring to people obviously not using their negatives properly as part of the set Your negatives Yes From Dusty Shoot your first Really Really Almost died just trying to get on this episode because I was in a rush to eat a sandwich a sandwich by the way Ron And here's the important one that everyone needs to remember from Scotty Assume it's loaded Red is dead and It truly is just bodybuilding Like I can do that in though that was a that was a good way to highlight the just bodybuilding as in Don't hear so seriously, every that's good. Thanks, good one. We had I think we may have had somebody mentioned this before on one of the shows Where was that one it was about headaches while lifting yeah, yeah, this one He says hey guys. I wonder if y'all have ever developed Exertion headaches Took a pendulum squat all the way to failure Bottom out the pendulum because I hit failure before I thought I would Every set after made my head absolutely pound and for the next week I've read to take it easy just wondering if y'all have ever had issues with these things Yeah, I so He said that every set afterwards made his head pound Yeah, so that might be a different type of headache than what I've had but I've had exertion headaches where I couldn't possibly do another set. I was completely debilitated like I when the first time I had it I actually thought I was like I think I called 911 like I might be dying But the pain was so severe and it was in the back of my head in the back of my neck it built I felt it build in the back of my neck as I was doing a wrap And then when I got to the top it was on the hacksquad. I'll never forget it I got to the top of the hack and it hit me And I had to like rack the hacksquad and sit on a bench and like just try not to move and just survive it It was debilitating I couldn't have finished my workout at all and then I had it happen again Like a month later on the incline. I was pushing my head against It's a bench dumbbell press And I remember and it happened again and so I went to the doctor and I told him and he's like oh man He checked my blood pressure and it was a little high because I was like I think I was a young I was running like anodrol for the first time And he was like oh man your blood pressure is a little high So I remember I started taking these herbs and then I got my blood pressure checked a week later And it was way back down to normal Like it was funny. I was using a hot thorn I was using a hot thorn and a couple of things at this back in the 90s And I also like cleaned up my diet and it was back down like like drastically and he was like okay He's as better and then and I the headaches didn't come back for a while But then I had a few more like throughout my life I'd have the odd one like I'd be squatting and I'd just be on like the seventh rep and I'd filled I'd feel that build in the back of my neck and I'd be like oh shit and I'd like rack the bar to try to dodge it And sometimes you dodge it but if you don't dodge it in time it hits you anyways and then you're screwed You can't finish your workout and I think some of it is tension on the neck like you're straining your neck And it does something to the blood flow in there. I think it's something to do with that and if your blood pressure's maybe already like borderline high Because you're like big and huge and I don't know. I don't know exactly what it is But there I've had like brutal headaches So but not for ages I've never had that I've know people that have but I've never had it and obviously the very simple one is like When you wrote and for the next week Do you mean you had a headache for a week after that? Because to me that sounds like doctor shit or is he saying for the next week take it easy? I think he meant yeah take it easy. He was told or he read to take it easy for the next week Because what he was saying? Yeah, I definitely wouldn't I don't take headaches lightly Especially that kind of thing because I know what they can be So yeah, yeah, I would definitely look I would definitely run said check your blood pressure Which if you're bodybuilding in any way shape or form and you don't have a good Coffee in your house you are out of your mind. Yes, you should check your blood pressure all the time You should and I hate I'll ask people that that are like bodybuilders of mine You know like what was blood pressure give me blood pressure mark. I'm like coming in to get it What do you mean you don't have that like you should it's like a $50 thing to buy And make sure you have a cuff. We just talked about this on muscle noise Make sure you have a cuff that fits your arm, you know, that's important Very well, sorry. I had to put it down that little closing question here First of all he says lat spreads for the algorithm Question and how how long did it take for you to get your posing from I need a mirror to It's down to a tea. It's perfect. Oh, yeah, you just wait to see Well, my my mandatory poses were like Nailed my first show. I remember the judges telling me at my very first show. They were like You're really like you nailed those mandatory. You know head to toe, but that's because I'll never forget like reading Like what have been 1990 or something but I read like a Dorian Yates quote in a magazine and he was like the mandatory poses Or all because someone asked him about his posing or teen not being fans here something yeah And he was like he's like the mandatory is already a win and lose the show like if you can't do the mandatory If you can't stand perfect for 15 minutes then You just lazy like it's ridiculous And so I just remember knowing that Mandatory poses were like that's where you win and lose the show that's that's it Can you do them or not like you have to be able to have different perfectly no excuses? So that's where I got that from it like the very beginning and So he just it's got to work on it Like analyze the photos we we were learning to buy watching VHS tapes too. We were just watching VHS tapes Watching guys do their limpier routines and we're just copying them But we had to use our brains like what what degree flexion is his elbow? It's about 45 okay, so I'll put it 45 okay his arm is Parallel to the floor so it's not up here right and it's not down here It's parallel to the floor but there okay, you know where's his one foot but and I just break it down It's not hard they're right in front of you you're looking at them just do that Copy it Practice it I feel like if you And this is this is I was I'm guilty of I loved prepping for bodybuilding shows and I loved being huge I did not love bodybuilding what I mean by that is if you don't understand that posing is everything And you need to put as much or more effort in opposing as you any other part of your prep Then you don't love actually bodybuilding because The show is decided there and the higher up the ranks you get the more important that is you know I was never a great poser because I I didn't like it I didn't care that much but I was conditioned so I could hold them for a really long time But if you want to be as best you can on stage you versus you or not tell him about how far you're gonna go Then you have to perfect it because you have to hit a shot and then Look at it objectively and say okay, is there anything I could do with my body to make this better? Yes, yeah should the hip goes sideways should this do this? I mean like I'll laugh but and I don't think that Many followers catch it, but you'll see a guy like Derek lunchford or or you know So we're like that be like he was like this or this better and I'm like You're so good they're both awesome The point is he is good as he is he's literally trying to decide if there's any difference But between these shots and I understand you're just like slightly different you know But I promise these guys are thinking of that like yeah How much can I get this 1% better and I think that's when you realize your champion body But because you're that obsessive You know, so yeah, just a thought because there's no thing not good yeah another thing about posing is You know we talk a lot about how everything is just repetition and time spent Right so so You're only gonna be so big at your first show You know you're only so big you're you've only given yourself so many weeks to get in shape Right so you can get in the best shape you possibly can give in the time if you do it right But posing you can have your posing nailed at your first show I'm gonna have it there's it that's there's no you don't have to there's no muscle mass gaining There's no fat loss to do with your posing it's it's just Motor skills and movement Anyone can learn it and it's just time and repetition and I hear people set themselves up. They're like oh yeah I you know, I'm not really good at posing so like you know I'm just and I'm like okay, so that's more of an emergency If you're not really good at posing now we have an emergency Before we just had you being not posing enough, but now you've admitted you're not good at it So now it's like a huge weakness You know, I'll say so they'll say I'm not good at posing and they'll pose less And it's like they're it's like no, no, no, no, you can't avoid this like I've had people coming to me three weeks out They're like hey can you have a look at my posing and I might share and I look at it And it looks like they have never practiced anything ever just like Within three you don't know how to do a front double You don't know how to do a lot spread you can't stand relax you don't know what quarter turns are You don't even know what they're supposed to look like you're literally staying sideways You know, so I've seen people just so Radically unprepared yeah to pose on stage And blows my mind because they have 100% control of it 100% control just completely neglected So don't do that I have to tell you guys two stories that are so funny first one's not Triggered mess do I saw guys? Yeah, no, this is this is just Declasic with the first one is just a true statement that you the people need to realize I was just telling my training partner this yesterday So I was doing I'm working with this guy for the first time it was I was trying to win my first overall so I work with this guy and I hit a rear lat spread and he's like that's really good I go okay, it could be a lot better That's okay, what should I do and he goes well we got two options we can either Wait a year and you can put on 20 pounds of muscle He goes or you could push your elbows too inches for the floor And it looked like you put on 20 pounds of muscle I was like Okay, so he goes put your elbows too inches forward and I did and he took a picture and he showed it to me I was like What is that? Yeah, I mean it literally looked like I put on Massive amount of weight so yeah, that was the valuable story But this is the funny one so I used to meet with guys to pose them and this guy came in and I taught him all the shots He knew him and he was nail on them so I was like okay face front quarter quarter quarter Okay front double okay front last friend okay side chest right all in order Then like a couple days out from the show he comes in and I go I face front and I go Side chest and he just looked at me Oh, he called it out of orders Didn't you he didn't remember any of them he was just doing him in order and what I think of the name Oh my god. I was like How is this possible I go do a side chest and he goes? Which one is that I go? Do a front double and he just looked at me like you're the dumbest person I've ever met you're policemen I swear to god I could I literally like he walked out of like how I was saying the words Yeah, but because I'm saying him in order. Yeah, he it was like he didn't hear me for like three months Okay, so I've seen it happen where people get thrown off if you do the poses out of order You know what I mean, but that's a whole other thing. That's a whole other thing. Well, I think it didn't even know that I've seen yeah, I've seen people freeze up on stage because the judges will be like okay I'll let's let's bring a 16 back out Yes, and 12 back he brings 13 out. Okay guys back double bicep Yeah, and like the odd guys like What if I'd do five other poses before you know You got like three guys turn around put their leg back hit it back double other two guys are standing there like we can any each other like you know, I've seen that I've seen that a lot It's funny. It's so amazing. I just remember thing to myself is like how is this even possible? I mean, yeah, we had probably practiced no exaggeration 7 and a half hours. I'm gonna say 15 meetings at 30 events a piece. Yeah, you're kind of standing there You're going like it's like quarter turn so he just knows it's like next pose Next one it's this one and then it's this one yeah Oh God So for the place before the stage Yeah For my first show my coach had told me like you need to practice without a mirror So what I ended up doing was I borrowed my parents came quarter and I literally had it set up on a tripod in my house and I would hit my poses I'd run through all of them and then I'd go back and I'd hit rewind and I'd hit play and I'd watch the poses And I'd be like oh, I don't like the way that one looked, you know and then after I run through all that then I'd just go back And I would hit that same pose whatever pose like front double bicep. I'd hit that pose You know hold it for 15 seconds and then I'd go hit stop and hit rewind and hit play and look at that and be like okay That was better you know what I mean? I'd be like, but I gotta try to bring this this elbows down a little bit I gotta bring you know Yeah, that was literally I did that and that worked out really well and if somebody wanted to do that today It's a lot easier because you don't have to borrow your parents camcorder if you have a phone, you know me You're perfect Great I borrowed a camcorder for my first show two Did you? 7 no kidding. I set it up my uncle had one and I set it up and I hooked it up to my TV Oh, so I hit toes and watch myself on the TV Yeah In front of the camera and then when I was ready I would turn the TV off with the remote and I would run through a series Yeah, and then I would rewind it and watch it on the TV No, you know what I mean? It's the same same sort of thing, but yeah, that's how we were doing it Yeah, it was funny. No Yeah, there's like no there's a mystery list. There's Googling camcorder. Yeah camcorder. This is the camcorder We had a couple is home phone line We had a couple comments about Do you guys remember we were talking about Michaela set one person commented and I don't have a screen cap of it that was like over eight minutes long So there's that yeah, and then just so that we know because I wanted you guys to know Lee Priest watched that episode and he suggested instead of a hundred ref to do 1,000 in 27 I That anything other 1,000 24 creates Too much cortisol Yeah He never he never actually did the 20 seven he always taught the 24. That's right Plus he was an extreme steroid abuser that's true. So there is that so we get to the quiz on So much extreme Wasn't he on 10 I use a GH because he would legally adorfe as note they used to say No, that was 10 I was like a rumor damn Was it really a rumor they said about him? Well, anyway, it's like some dumb thing someone's like I yeah Lee Priest got some doctor to like right that he was a Technically, you know, height whatever a Order of the number so we could get you take there was like these dumb rumors about Lee when you when it was young Because he was such a freak. Yeah, so like and I remember I was in Australia like in the midnight Oh, yeah, so he had just he had just like you know gotten huge and he was like the big star From Australia so of course there's all these dumb ridiculous rumors and oh the guys at new just laughed like I would of course Just all the guys that actually you know new who he was and they just sat these rumors were just so funny But yeah, he had to put up with a lot of that shit and to this day Because he'll still tell and here's the thing is that when he says what a cycles were like he literally He doesn't change the story doesn't change you notice that Let me make sure no, yeah exactly It doesn't change he's not like you know one day he says this much this day. It's that much so that I think Led us to credibility in itself, so but people to this day are like oh no, man, you know I just love looking at those old pictures of him and realizing he was better at 17 than we will ever be Yeah, he was actually the picture he was beating growing men that were doing the sport for years at that age, you know It's been done for 15 minutes. It was his first set Okay, sorry where we got a question for the next podcast Oh dick I completed I competed last October and then I took a health phase and now I'm telling you Now I'm telling me into my offseason I've been adding some quality size and doing everything I should be doing I'm almost 15 pounds from stage weight and not fat however I've been getting unbearable lower back pumps even while walking Zodium has been consistent drinking a ton of water any advice tips for Exist for Existing as we continue to try and add more size Where you see these up almost 50 pounds from stage 10 weeks into his offseason That is a ton of weight to put on Yeah, so Dangerous here for me to say this But I think you're probably fat on anything Because right you put on 50 pounds in 10 weeks and you're saying there's not that much fat and you're complaining about all the things that sound like fat Right, I mean because you like let's get bold here and say that you lost muscle going to that prep So you put five pounds back on and then let's get really bold and say that in 10 weeks you put on 10 pounds of pure muscle There's still 35 pounds left over that we got to figure out where they came from in 10 weeks And you did not put on 15 pounds of muscle sensor show So there's right there Yeah, well, I would say as far as The lower back pumps go I mean that obviously is just When you have fluid on you or you're holding water or anything that's all Way more likely to happen and that happens on like the bad contest rebounds but you're like you know a long ways after your show so I would say part of it too is people get people get out of shape after their show It happens all the time they're doing so much cardio. They're probably stretching more They're probably doing all this stuff when they're doing their show They're posing they're moving they're just they're they're in better shape and then after the show They just lift weights and get stronger and do nothing else it happens all time and And then things get tight and they're like oh my shoulders are tight my hips are tight my backs killing me But it's just they're just not really doing what they were doing and then they don't realize how much they've stopped doing That's part of it and then add the fluid add the anodrol add the McDonald's Yeah, you got these crazy back pumps it, you know, so it's small it's multi-pronged issue usually Pull the draw pull the deba'll see what happens pull the McD's yeah Yeah, I did this something I worked with the clients all I asked Almost every week when somebody starts really pushing up and wait I'm like and how's the low back and how's the low back? Yeah, you know right when we once we cross a lot I have found at least with myself And you guys the lesson we'll find this to is you'll hit a weight that's your heaviest ever that's very very uncomfortable Yeah, and then in a year or so that weight will be plus 12 15 pounds before you find that Unbearable point again You know because it used to be like for me two sixty used to be like How everything was uncomfortable breathing sucked all those things and now like two eighty I feel like an injure my God Sleeping like a champ going upstairs and I'm breathing hard, you know, it's just different What's your got Scott? One more question here and I don't know if you guys had anything else you want to throw in actually this was an A question it was a comment says I used Dusty's switching the price tag on chicken breast Almost he'll and I almost got caught any more tips would be appreciated in thanks for the content All the best all around bodybuilding podcasts. Oh don't do that amazing Oh That's amazing. Do you have any other good test to compliment that one for fucking lame sorry for the swears got super lame and embarrassing if you get constantly Grocery store like don't do that Milliation I did I did get I did catch a Guy stealing for me at the grocery store once So I'm buying For me I'm a man. I'm at the checkout stand Get dusty hands. I've got the you know the little little little Yes, yeah, guys. Oh, there's like There's like eight chicken breasts and the thing right yeah, so I put like five of them on there Drop them on and the guy the guy scans the first one and then he scans it four more times Okay, like they sound that's by weight oh Yeah, and that one five and I watched so I just did what any honest man would do a lean forward So that was the second cheapest one and kept my mouth shut. Yeah, that's what you've got to do with that You have no other option because I didn't want to embarrass him on how This is expensive when I would have embarrassed him But literally was like you can't possibly be this stupid. They're not the same It's not much right. It's not a it's not a package I literally watched it. I was like I'd say me like seven dollars. Thanks, dude. Why did you do that But yeah, I'm no longer joking on the podcast for fear that I will get someone arrested no bro What did he did it? I learned about it on a podcast Dusty does not condone theft in any way I promise So Ron you said you had a bunch of questions. Oh and you have to I have a bunch of questions sure that that your the her question to you Get answered because I don't remember if you'd ask that for about the album which one was it? Who's which one was her? As wrong What or is if you could only listen to one album for the rest of his life which one would it be? Oh God Yeah, that's her island I don't think yeah No, he's saying like with the album you would listen to if you only had one album on a desert island Yeah desert island out. Yeah, that's it. Yeah desert out of them It's very tricky Because you know you're not gonna be in one mood the rest of your life. You know what I mean? Yeah And it's uh, any thick man. I only got one album and then you don't want to pick one that doesn't rock enough Because you're not always gonna feel like listening to nice music you're gonna want some I need to get psyched up to go hunting and fishing I'll make a dumpster that's tape for you. Just take that with you Yeah, there you go. Let's go. Yeah, it's real nice mix. Yeah, scotch dubstep. I don't know You know, I think here here. I'll I'll I'll give a very like expected answer and then I'll give like a 20 second explanation. Okay. I would I would pick I would take a C DC back in black I've said to that it's my favorite album But it's also a reminder of how you can do a lot with very little it's super simple Right just guitar it's super simple just everything about it is simple strip down You know, it's aggressive so I use it to get psyched up for hunting and fishing like I said very important people You don't want to neglect a little bit of psych up for hunting and fishing expeditions if you're stuck on a strip just Is that phones headphones if you're gonna be hunting because we don't want to scare. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah You might want to have some air pods or something. Yeah, so yeah. I would pick that you know I I you know Be nice to have like You know like an album that had a wider range of stuff on it, but you know I think I'd take a go with that one just you got to stay on your toes You know It's good. Yeah, take that. Sorry. Yes. Yeah, I was like I better make sure this gets answered That could be like a whole series of questions. I think like desert island this and desert island that you know I think we need to do an episode where we do an ask wrong If we just everyone has to ask wrong questions Because I always like to know the answers myself so I'm just asking this for me But I think we would rather than think we we put Scott on a desert island and we make him watch shoshank redemption What we do it's not even see that 11 see that Here I got a question for you It is for you okay, and there's a total egg egg white shortage Yeah, there's no eggs no egg whites. It's kind of happening right now Yeah, like right you know this guy's saying things are getting out of hand. What do you replace them with? You know because you know, yes, I'm gonna be like that breakfast. It's just didn't want to Check in for breakfast. Like what do you do you go to create yogurt? Do you just go to weigh isolate? What do you replace your eggs and egg whites with if they you know you can't do them anymore? What do you have do you just make it more meat? Well, you just said we couldn't like I mean, I would just eat steak, but Because they got better than eggs you know, but if I was trying to actually like if you said okay, I have two whole eggs and Ex amount of egg whites I would make it up in weigh protein and natural peanut butter Simple yeah, okay, yeah, it works. That's probably what I do. I don't feel is like I don't feel like it is so here's the thing even when I've been dieting if my first meal is a shake I don't feel like my digestive system is really turned on yet With a shake You know 30 minutes later. I feel like I still have any yet Or I don't feel hungry at all and then I eat meal too and then after that like it's like my now my digestive system is moving and now It's like the real hunger is triggered. Do you know what I'm saying? It's like I don't feel solid with just a shake I've done it I've done it more than a lot of it more than a lot of times I'll put it that way more than a lot of times more than a lot of times yeah I would you guys measurements like me Ron a shit ton of this And a more than a lot of times yeah, more times than I can count. I would pick it me personally Okay, but there is something to be said about if you take all the time that's what I think yeah, do you stick for like all your meals? I read meat two or three times a day every day. Okay. Yeah, I just feel I don't mind Good, I never buy it. I never buy it, but I don't mind Greek yogurt with like you know some granola and way and Barry stirred natural peanut butter stirred up in it just all mashed up that can be delicious. You know I don't mind going to that If I got to you know, I just don't want to eat the same thing for every meal you know I mean Yeah, that's a thing if you have steak for breakfast or chicken for breakfast now you're like I think you're like having it, you know how many more times yeah, I know you want something different Okay, okay, I got one more Only one I know I yeah, yeah, would you rather master all musical instruments or all sports Benefit you more in life you know That's what I just think about right now think about like right now at this age like if suddenly you had all the skills Yeah, like any instrument or any sport Feel like one would preserve your body the other would help preserve your mind You know I would shock people but I would definitely do instruments because I've also found that I mean I found I've heard it's made it sound like I was smart How much music and knowing how to play in read music affects how your brain works in Yes, so I think if you had that much knowledge of all the instruments would be off the charts plus is broken I am just because I know how to throw a fucking football. That's what I can Or should It's a shoulder is about three feet that way right now Funny how I read the I read it. I read it in the context of now Right, so my you know, I didn't read it in like the context of like if you could live again What would you want to master you know I read it in like now and I'm like well Knowing how to do almost all sports is not gonna be a good idea for me right now I'm just like Sprout my body into this you know ability to like do like it's not gonna be a good thing There's gonna be like this is gonna be some stuff come you gotta earn that you know I don't know the body does you get any of all bodies Well, he threw a football Urdish Urdish He's mud and decide to do a trick Yeah, he landed in like his knees explode land the trick and hurt exactly I Can do it flawless This is Just loaded the last thing he did We got video like landed this awesome flip Oh, this coming for a guy who can't you just stake without getting hurt. I mean come on Yeah They do say the the more you exercise your brain the better you will age You know the better like being able to do puzzles and reading Like any tail like like memory games all those things will help to You know preserve your memory and be able to Extend our brains for longer. I didn't know this. I never thought about this but I I recently learned that with like all simers and dementia Your body literally forgets how to work Like that's the final stages. I didn't realize it because I actually like I've known that it's a problem It's a disease that people will get and I but I was I kind of I like I didn't realize what the end result was and it's like you forget how to breathe Which you know I it's crazy to think you know over time So I would think that instruments would would help with that you know they do we we have enough data now All musical instruments. It's it's very much I don't think it's this exactly the same but it's very much the same as learning more languages You know, yeah, there's all a lot of this in pathways activated and you know areas of the brain and stuff And and I will tell you that You know I had someone else there's another question I got that was kind of a vote motivation but you know If you're if I hear from people all the time that say like hey, you know, I I really like doing this But I have a hard time getting motivated You know I just scroll my phone and I'm distracted and I realized I could have spent 20 minutes Practicing piano or whatever. I tell myself I want and then I don't act like I want it You know I get distracted and all that stuff and Part of my advice is kind of stuff that I've done to get myself to be more disciplined with You know practicing my guitar and that sort of stuff and and I tell myself that it's not just If I think about it is just me having fun on my guitar There's not nearly as much motivation as I think This hobby is literally gonna make me smarter for decades Yeah, and it's gonna make me sharper and keep me younger and The end result is I'm just gonna be a really good guitar player when I'm in my 50s and that's gonna be awesome I can't wait Like in three four five more years I'm just fucking shredding and I'm gonna be like 52 and it's gonna be awesome and my brain's gonna work better So like I have these like things like if I do this there's a road I will go down and I will be this thing eventually and that's motivating to me So if you have something that you're trying to like get yourself to do like I really want to go on these 20-minute walks I really want to like you know do this thing try to think about what the actual Real long-term effect of that is it's not just the thing you're doing or the fun you're having at the moment Yeah, like we have to you know try to see more than that if you can see the bigger picture it might help you You know it if you're leaving longer if you do this exercise You know people who have been like training all their lives that includes lifting weights, you know Yeah, I know the big picture from you know you think of the same I can think of the same thing that like if you are Consistent with this you are Allow your giving you're preserving your muscle muscles only gonna break down as we age so that when you're 90 or 70 or 80 Whatever you still have more muscle than you would have otherwise you can help to maintain that and not to mention like a year later Imagine what you're gonna look like like you could either do it or not do it either way a year later is gonna happen So why not be able to play that instrument better or in this case like we all do you know why not look better feel better in the gym Yeah, yeah, it's awesome and I wanted to I wanted to derail it a little bit because it's something you and I've talked about So if anybody like really follows Ron you realize like all right, so pretty regularly whether Dependent he's on the bike and then very regularly He's doing the guitar But I think one thing that gets missed that people who aren't on the inner circle don't know is Ron is busy or in his life and he has ever been in this moment Like it's just life is busy and it requires discipline To go ride the bike it requires discipline to play the guitar because the really air quote isn't time to do that As everyone likes to say yeah, yeah, you gotta find that that thing that you that you're going to do it anyways Because I think like you said Ron a lot of people they're like that's a very easy like It's just for fun anyways It you need to kind of force yourself into doing these things because I Know your schedule because I've lived that I've had your business is a business very similar years before like it is out of control That you have to force yourself to do something you enjoy because I'm sure there's plenty of time as much You enjoy that's like I could also use an hour more sleep Yeah, yeah, there's a lot to that you know like You know the other day I got up and I went to the gym and trained and I spent a couple hours there and posed the client And then I went and rode my bike for almost two hours and then I went and worked on my phone for like three hours straight And just did you know check hands and client catch ups, you know, and that was my Saturday Yeah, yeah, that was a Saturday right so you know That's just like a weekend day where I got some time to like ride my bike, but I still worked like you know Easy five six hours at day total if you look at how much time I was talking to clients and spent on my phone and stuff And that's like and you know, that's a weekend day So there's always something to do there's always work to do Monday like you know an average Monday There's no way I can get out you know, I don't even bother trying you know It's just too much so Yeah That list because for a lot of people like you said Scott that is the gym Yeah, and then you just I don't have time and and I'm just trying to get a good physique and who cares because my Kids need me to do this or my whatever and yeah, you switch like you said around the mindset It's like well this could also help you be healthier and be around longer for your kids So yeah, yeah, a lot of people are writing off in a little bit a lot of people write it off Just you know, it's just a physique. It's just being vain, you know Yeah, you're selfishly thinking about abs. Well, let's let's take this a little bit further You know, so another thing with with all those things is is You have to make sure you're really take a minute to be aware of how good you feel after you do them You know after you after you you know play piano for 30 minutes or after you do the thing that you've been Promise in yourself you're gonna do or the cardio that you haven't been doing that you do you know you need to get Be healthier and all that think of how you feel afterwards and that's if you can really try to Remember that and spend a moment Experiencing it and not just rushing out the door to go do something and getting back in your busyness But just sitting for a minute and realizing how good you feel and how positive your mind is and how you know You probably got some adrenaline flowing and you're just like really good mood You know and that's one thing that motivates me to because like the other day It I looked at my app and it said there was a 90% chance it was gonna snow and So I was like well Do I bother taking my bike Right and I was like Think of how good I'm gonna feel even if I only get 30 minutes Just think of how good I'm gonna feel even if because I hate you know feel like it's a waste of time Like I go out there in 20 minutes later. It starts raining, right? Sure, but even if that happens I feel great that I got out because I know that I tried to be disciplined I did my part you know all that too, you know Let yourself down so that all factors into it as well So if you can just remember how good you're gonna feel if you keep your keep yourself disciplined So agreed love it Okay, is that a show guys solid finish yeah, absolutely Okay, we didn't rant too much we didn't get to it. We didn't talk about hockey fights That's that's that's that's something that's something I think some people like the hockey fights though You know I've had multiple comments Specifically on the hockey fights. Yeah, yeah, you know, yeah I was funny people thought it was funny. Shorzy I watched the whole show. It is so good. I think you guys bolt should watch it Shorzy I had someone else tell me to watch it You watch it does to lift it you lived it lived it The Nila pressure in it you'll appreciate it. I would show it. It's even more Like I watched it all and then I found out that like there is gonna be a second season and now I'm like I just want to see the second season now like I'm ready right that's the way I feel like so much I like that show is good Okay, awesome. Okay. I started a new show last night We started to kill vice on HBO Yeah, so let you know how it goes. It's pretty interesting so far It's about what the both the first Westerner to ever work at this giant Japanese newspaper It's like the biggest newspaper in Japan and it takes place back in the late 90s Okay, and It's this Western guy who comes in he's brilliant speaks fluent Japanese He's the only guy to ever get into that whole newspaper reporting world and he's doing police reporting And he kind of discovers Right off the bat that there's this etiquette regarding crime You don't report crime normally. It's very very careful how you report your crime Because Police don't want bad statistics and the yakuza run everything You can't right there's no murder in Japan Very safe right? We don't know we there no one saw without a witness with unless there's a witness there's no murder No such thing as much as I'm sorry, so He's he's learning we're only went up a so-and and he's like he's like learning that you know There's a certain way that you report things in Japan so it's pretty interesting so far and it's Done by Michael man who did the original man me vice. Oh, wow. So yeah, so it's got like a real pretty feel and and and it's it's good It's really good. There's a lot of Japanese actors obviously there's some subtitles But it's not like it's not too much. It's and it's been great. You know one episode in and we're really really interested to see what happens So recommending it so far. I let you know how it goes. Nice beautiful Okay, remember everybody like share subscribe comment and Bring the bell Okay, thanks Scott remember the Patreon for think big bodybuilding Check out the Patreon of course your questions will get priority and all that stuff and now Scott really appreciates the patreon Help them on the channel and and I am mutant calm supplements go on there You got your protein or I so surge your gear your EAs your pump products everything's on there So check out I am mutant the all in the new shirts the new beanies are coming The new hoodies are coming like Scott has on these are the coolest. I got to tell you yeah The cool and that well and we got 20% off a dusty 20 or big wrong 20. Okay So thanks everybody and remember it's just bodybuilding See you guys at the Arnold