What's up guys, welcome back to the podcast with Dave Crosslin. I'm Scott McNally and all of our programming is brought to you by you. The people of Patreon, thank you guys for all your support. Generally we do listener questions and we take all your Patreon questions first. It's a great way to support the programming and speaking of supporting the programming. If you're new here, let me encourage you to subscribe and hit the bell. The bell is super important. Otherwise YouTube might not ever show you our content again. They don't really care for this kind of stuff and promoting people like us. We're also brought to you by trunetrition.com. Use our code think for additional savings in the US SupplementSource.ca for Canadians. They have great deals that change week to week. Stormsports.net. If you go to Stormsports, you can get some great health and performance supplements in the UK. They've got great health stacks, especially for your own cycle. You're going to want to head up strong. And of course, evalbloodanalysis.com. You can get your lab work done by Dave, which will also help him work to get his pro charger. Dave wants a pro charger. He wants a free pro charger from you guys. He wants you to send money for a pro charger. But I think that a more valuable lesson would be to teach him the value of a dollar by getting your labs done at evalbloodanalysis.com and making him actually work for it. Today we are joined once again by researcher Tim P. at Kawasaki. Thank you for your patience, Tim, with my long intro there. We had Tim on talking all about trunetrition. Quite a while ago now. That episode still up if you guys want to check it out. Tim's from Australia. He's been doing some incredible research, literally about antibiotics steroids for the past several years. We're going to talk today about some of the latest research that you've been doing. Literally, you've got some cool boots on the ground stuff. We always wonder what's actually in the vial. You've managed to get the Australian government to actually help pay for research to answer that question, man. So first of all, Tim, thank you for making concessions to join us with all the big time differences between the three of us. Appreciate having you here, man. Thanks, sir. Thanks, Dave. I think you copped at the worst out of us. Let's see if I'm okay. I'm okay. I'll make it. No, yeah, it's super great to be here, super awesome to talk about this. So where to start? I mean, in 2024 we ran the world's first steroid checking trial out of the state that I live Queensland Australia. So it's been that top right hand corner called the Sunshine State. We ran a steroid checking trial between April and October of 2024 where basically the drug policy and legislation and state change which allowed drug checking to happen. Now, just to give you a bit of history, drug checking is the process of looking at people's drugs and telling them the composition of those drugs and then giving them a bit of a health advice around that. So it's a service that has gone on since I mean, grass roots movements since like the 80s, but first officially founded in the Netherlands. Now happens in over 26 countries all over the world, but no one does steroids because there's a few tricky little bits and pieces to it. Oftentimes you need a really good chemistry team. You need some money, you need community connection and you need, I guess, perseverance is probably the word that I'm going to use for this trial. So it actually started back in 2023 while we were sort of talking, when I was doing that trend research, I also did a bit of research around co-designing what steroid consumers would want out of a drug checking service, what they needed, how they saw that operating and sort of captured that equitable health delivery. Anyway, come to 2024, how to be the money, got the legislation through and via checkpoint, which was the drug checking service we had here in Queensland, we started taking steroids samples in. And so people brought in there, oil, their testosterone and anti-dabroading, they brought in there, and have our own exam drawing as a pill or as a capsule, they brought in, and they brought in, pre-made, they brought in, you know, all kinds of things, someone brought in, meant, no, so you've even got some exotic stuff in there. And then we set about basically through those community submissions, people who come in between 2 to 6 pm on a Friday, drop it off, we logged it, moved it to the University Lab, and then I had a team of chemists analyzing it, working out the method and putting it through, I guess, a bunch of equipment, most of which is worth well over $1 million. Yeah, yeah, so anyway, between April and June we had only about 32 samples, and we sort of scaled up a method, we got presents for 23, we had to buy some reference standards, we had a lot of like learnings that we had to do, I only got purity for one, one test pro, and it was 96 milligrams out of 100 milligrams, so pretty good, but presented that back sort of to community and said, bear with me, we're, you know, trying to make this bigger and better. Yeah, so, sort of kept going, between June and August, I think we got 60 samples, but now we could do purity for all of them, because I'd almost all of them, I'd brought up a bunch of reference material standards and sort of built a library, built a method, so we started. Yeah, so people understand, in order to be able to do purity of a drug, you know, and then pure drug, and what teams refer into when he says references is he's bought pure base compounds, so pure tremble on that he can then run the machines and see what the effective result is for 100% and from that you can work out the purity of the drug you're testing. So what you're telling me is Tim figured out a way to get the Australian government to buy pure trend, it's pretty awesome, nice job, Tim, good work, so Tim has been working with Charlotte from China through WhatsApp and needs to be fine. Actually her name is Mercedes, but no, we scaled it up and I think we reported we got to report brands, purity, presence, the whole shabang, and then, then once we released that report, people got instantly between September and October, I got about another 70 samples in like a couple weeks, it was crazy. Yeah, and then that sort of went off. Well this happened with wedding us in the UK, didn't it? They end up having to stop their service because they got absolutely swamped, which was terrible. I swamped, but loving it, super stoked. So bottom line, published the entire trial report in February this year, the one I shared with you, and 105 samples, bottom line is 50% one, the dosed quarter, 25%, had a different steroid than what was meant to be in there, so something like Stan instead of no trend, just test C, or test E, I couldn't talk to the specifics in a bit. Hardly any overdose? I suppose say what was your percentage variance for what you'd regard as underdosed? 5% above or below the label. Yeah, so if it was 255, that's bang on essentially. Okay. Yeah. And yeah, I think it was 105 with some other samples that we couldn't do because people didn't give us tablet weight, or I mean some people threw that oil in like a sandwich bag, and then just like dropped it. Like dropped it in the UK just couldn't do anything to that. Yeah, okay. Yeah, yeah. So there was like weed ones where it was like unable to analyse or you know, had had an issue going on. It was super cool to be able to just feed that back to everyone and this is what the market looks like. Yeah. Are you willing to share the methodologies? Yes, me. Yes. Please of course. Yeah. Shoulder or third. Sounds fascinating. This is fascinating. And I'm curious, what kind of feedback did you? Did you get a chance to talk to people on the other side, the people that were giving you these samples? Basically, the same kind of people that are listeners right now, were they surprised by the results that you guys found? So actively talking to them all the time because a new effeteute. And they looked, I think some of the comments I got was not surprised at all. There wasn't any kind of anava. But there was funky mixes in there as well. Like someone had testosterone and var in the var in one of the first and of our samples we tested. And that's a methyl test ones that come in all sorts of juice. So that was a prize man. But you don't want it in there. You know, no, I get that. It's a cheap or all ingredient that's very often thrown into to stretch a stock out. No, I'm actually surprised it was as good as it was to be honest. For 50% to be on point, it's pretty impressive. I remember when we were in Australia, I think they were saying 80% of what they tested was under post. I think by nature of the project, I captured people that were you know, both interested and also probably were the type to be monitoring the, you know, what they were using a little bit more than Joe Blow. That makes sense. The more advanced you get the longer you've been in it, the better supply you usually find. So that and they cared. They cared. It's got a reckon, you know, the other thing was they, I don't know if you've got it in US and UK, but we've got pen test Australia here, which is like a steroid testing sort of reagent kit that you can do in time. Okay. So that yeah, that came about in 2022 and you know, sort of get started giving people an indication of what was happening. And then obviously, you know, if you're not in Queensland or you're not able to get your samples to me, it's a good indicator. But what do you think that those home tests in general? We do have those over here. I've seen some stuff that was kind of funky. And I've found that you might be better off testing a raw material. But once you get something mixed into, say like an MCT oil, the different carriers and whatnot, you can get some variation in the results from that. I think they're pretty good here. Better than like the road kit or whatever you guys had back in the day. Yeah, people are still using those to some degree here. Sometimes. I think the well ones want to heroic it. Yeah. The carrier, the carrier oil will influence the whether there's any other experience in there will influence as well. And so, you know, if someone's got crashed or mine or some non-reacted, unreacted compound in there that'll mess it up as well. I think, and now the rules that we get from China to here. I don't know there's always weird stuff going on lately. Where? You know, it's looks in the anywhere, yeah. What do you mean by that? So, I'm going to spring this on you because I forgot to mention it. We also did a heavy metals analysis out of. Yeah. Well, maybe I didn't mention it. I heard, actually Victoria had mentioned that to me. We didn't talk about it untouched. I'm really curious to hear about this. So, in collab with PEDTESS, now, Alie sent off 30 samples to an independent lab and paid for an data ICPMS, something which I'm looking to do under a research project as well. Well, currently sort of in progress anyway. Out of those samples, there was arsenic in there, outside of daily permissible limits. There was cadmium, there was mercury, there was a lead, aluminium, like all kinds of shit. Well, outside daily permissible limits. And then when I did a bit of further analysis on that data and currently that's under a view of the journal, it looked like for oral compounds, particularly, there was a real issue around how that could play out chronically for someone's health. For example, 20 times the amount of daily allowable lead across even four weeks. At the lowest end of a dose, you're looking at serious, serious potential for cancer. What? Yeah. And you can't get rid of lead, for example. You mean that once some of these heavy metals are in your system, they're basically going to stay there unless you go through a lot of effort to get them out. Yeah. Well, I mean, so there's detoxification processes where I think you could potentially undertake whether they work or not or to what degree they work. Yeah, it should light an EDTA is one of them. You did that in under construction, the film, right, Dave? How did that go? Yeah, well, it was your situation. If anybody who didn't see the movie, what would I find? I had no accurate levels of heavy metals measured in my body. It was more of, we know that there, we know the exists, so we'll try this as a route of trying to mitigate that to some degree. I think at that point that truth be told, because it was the results are going to be based on personal experience and feeling rather than any sort of what a Bible data. At that point, the doses were so high, there were so much else going on. It was impossible to really say whether there was a positive or inevitable impact either way. There's, you know, drug stresses were at massive levels at that point. So hard to say, really. But yeah, heavy metals, I mean, here labs of using magsters and stuff like that, but it's more of a token gesture than something that's going to have a huge impact on removing the heavy metals out of the gear itself, because it's chemical buying there rather than just on the surface, flow it about. Yeah. But yeah, how useful that was, I honestly don't know. I think for me, it's a beautiful argument for all of this collectively for safe and regulated testosterone supply, right? Absolutely. That's the issue with an on-regulated market, where this evidence like this, we go, people are going to use testosterone, let's, let's you can, you know, regulate the supply through a farmhouse. How is the mood politically around steroids in Australia? Because traditionally it's been one of the worst. That's hard. Yeah, has this had any reflection on that? You still try to shovel diarrhea or is, yeah. Yeah, no, I get you, I get you. I think so for Queensland, I think, look, there is done a lot of groundwork in terms of creating research programs and evidence that, you know, puts harm reduction, people's health at the fourth one of that. These programs then logically sort of follow and follow along from, you know, evidence based best practice. And so the room to argue or to use these moralistic sort of, you know, standpoints isn't as strong. You can't say when I, for example, based on the steroid checking trial of gone, we tested this many samples, are then interviewed people afterwards, I showed them the results and I said, what would you do with your behaviors now? And they said, I use less, I changed my source or unthrowed away. And 80% of them said that they used less or throughout would discard once they saw how terrible it was. That is hard to argue with from a policy maker or political sort of standpoint. And so, you know, this, this isn't working. It is, it's putting people's health decisions, you know, rather than their hands and helping the make a well-informed choice. And there's a health argument, there's an economic argument there as well. For every time someone gets a bacterial infection from an unregulated steroid, for example, it costs a 16,000 and $250, somewhere like that. Anyway, you can extrapolate that out to say, every time someone, you know, uses a unsteer oil, gets one of these, it costs a sterling government, 200 million across the year based on, you know, whatever numbers. We are saving you money. That's a problem of every $1 million. Yeah. So, I mean, is the political climate the same, Dave, I reckon it is that there's just less room to fight when, you know, or argue when you start to disentangle and make good arguments around what's going to work. Yeah, I mean, because the, I don't mean it's in a negative sense, but the harm reduction in Australia, or the conscientious harm reduction, like the work yourself is doing, and others, is relatively new in the grand scheme of things, isn't it? I mean, it's only in the recent years, there's been a voice to fight back so wrong word, but you know what I mean by, you know, to challenge, not this policy making, isn't working, isn't helping, it's actually creating bigger problems. And that's only been more recent. So, I mean, there's probably a long way to go before you actually eventually get someone who will actually listen and start to create action in the right places, but I was just curious if, if you'd hardly any success, I'm moving that forward in any way, because I know it's been traditionally very difficult. I want to, I want us to move to the UK model. I want us to decrim steroids at the, at the, I guess, user level would be the ideal, right? I mean, there's an irony there that it's constantly coming up for reviewers to whether it should be criminalised here. So, that we haven't had one in a while to be fair, I think it's probably 18 months since we're last discussed it. But I mean, you just fired at each time, right? Like it would be. Well, nobody wants it. I mean, the, the only organisation is pushing for the criminalisation of steroids use within the UK, apart from the odd politician who somebody in his borrower has had a personal trauma within their family due to a user suffering in his wealth. Is UK AD? And that's just because they're frustrated, focus we know power. And they don't like being powerless. They've been given a bit more cloud and have a bit more weight behind them now and, and actually have some ex-police officers join them as well to look out the steroid problem. So to speak, but the police don't want the criminalisation, the research doesn't want criminalisation, the harm reduction community doesn't want criminalisation. Outreach programs, they like changes to normal criminalisation. So the, the real only, only governmental body organisation that the show in for it is UK AD because they know that if it's criminalised, it gives them the authority to prosecute athletes that use drugs. It's a criminalisation. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, that's a criminal defence now. You know that, so then it ones that are pushing for a criminalisation of steroids within the UK. But nobody else is interested. You get the odd politician, like I said, there'll be somebody in there burrer who a constituent who's unfortunately lost a loved one or a loved one who's suffocative air elf problems due to anabolic misuse. And you'll get that that pops up occasionally and will drive some interest occasionally. But generally the only consistent one in the account of criminalisation is UK AD. Are you guys aware of anybody in the US doing any work like this? Because I feel like it's, it's very much needed. That there's, there's quite a very search in the US, but I don't know that it's so focused as Tim's work is because Tim is very specific. That's what I'm kind of getting at is, is this type of stuff? I told Tim, we talked about it on text the other day that and I don't know if you're familiar with the situation Dave, but back up until about 2007 or 8, we had domestic testing that we could do. And there became this really popular message board staring super board. It got huge man. It got put it this way Dave. It was so big in things we're so over the top that like there were you could overnight a kid a growth for an extra 10 box. And everything was super super cheap. It got to the point where the guy who owned the board was doing like contests on the message board like you could win a super bike this week. Like the government that's when the government stepped in and there were a whole network of domestic sources that were getting their powders from overseas and then distributing it like rapidly and making up obviously a lot of it if they could wrap off a super bike or a car or things like that. And they were doing domestic testing at the time. And when they clamped down on this they created what they called Operation Raw Deal. They dismantled it hitting all these sources at once and shutting down their ability to domestically test. So we couldn't get those things tested anymore. They were using those tests to promote their products and the quality of the purity plus just users were chipping in on the boards and everybody's popping in 510 bucks to get something tested. We couldn't do that anymore. Of course we have Genoa's but it's still a lot of hoops to send that overseas. I think could really use this. I hope that our government in some ways sees your research to see just how important this is for harm reduction. What I find ironic to decree is historically it was that was legit supply chains in the US. Historically you could you could get your steroids through a doctor. Oh through. You know for for the same use and that stopped the UGL market boomed and now they've got a problem with the UGL market. It's like well then why don't you just take it back to a regulator tax product that makes you money as a governmental body and controls harm reduction and regulate usage because you then know who's using because they're on record. I think it's a test. I think it's a test. I don't know. Testosterone in US. I feel like there's a change in regulation. There's an expopping up everywhere. I love you so what Rick Piston Rick Collins Piston recently. Yeah yeah yeah and they're planning to remove it from the schedule three lists which I mean right now it's with all the other hard drugs or all the hard drugs so that's that's the way it thing though because it's only five years ago they were pushing for a tight in regulation on the TRT clinics and clamping down on TRT supply. There was a big push for that only five years ago. Yeah yeah and a lot that was telemedicine related. Right you know they wanted to have it like more checks and balances where you're seeing your physician in person that type I think that's what that was impart related to at least. But yeah yeah it seems. No you go there. No say it seems like there's this real inconsistency of direction. Oh and horrible contradictions. We just don't seem to go in one direction to any point where it actually makes a difference. I mean I say five years ago it was look you're too flippin with TRT we need to clamp down on it you need to see more of your your client base you need to regulate them closer you need to do this more efficiently and yeah I decided TRT industry in the US particularly and it's growing in the UK as well it is probably free folly in almost in the sense that there doesn't seem to be any particular regulation around doses. Loads and loads of clinics running and being run by people who have shall we say questionable knowledge in the way they treat their customer base and and and obviously very much upsell extra product rather than manage the individual correctly you know what will we'll run your test high so then I can now sell you anti-east regions and I can now sell you this as well. That's my concern with how our clinics are here. And this seems to be more of that going under the river was and I know the UK on a much smaller scale but I mean I've seen TRT clinics in the UK which are decent sized clinics altering the ranges on blood results so that consumers assume they need testosterone from a medical perspective we have soon all that they do. I'm seeing altered ranges here in the other direction to show you that your hematic rate is actually in range because up to 55 is normal now versus like they're giving you five more points and I was confused I saw one of my clients labs and I'm like this amatic rate's 55 but it's in range yeah I'm weird and I look and I see and I'm like oh okay they use a different range they're averages different so they can do that you know. I mean I'm not arguing that the clinical lower-intestosterone is adequate because it is significantly low. The green so for the UK point of view of 6.9 but at the same time each still doesn't make it right for a TRT clinic to put the lower limit at 12 because it's not technically correct you should still be showing the lower limit as it is but stay you know below this margin most people will start to experience significant reduction in quality of life that's fine I've never issue with that but I have an issue when you're falsely portraying someone's test level to be closer and so now we've got I mean very mind our ranges 6.9 to 29 we've we've now got people looking to go on TRT at animal levels of 15, 16, 17 and 18 yeah and it's like you can do what you want at the end of the day is your choice sure well don't be pushed into it because you think well I'm only a full points above the low end of the range no you know yeah actually significantly more why hello I wanted to do something different with my TRT advertisement for today and here's the thing I just got our order in Victorian I we pay for all the protein that we get they don't send us anything for free and that's because I've believed in true nutrition for 15 years now I've been using them ever since I contest prep they have some of the cleanest best quality protein a lot of times I use the team skip but here's the deal I'm going back to the pure way isolate the pure way isolate it just just processes so fast this is my favorite flavor chocolate peanut butter cup but if you want to try just like one pound at a time you can do that just sample it I've never had the cookie butter so I'm going to try the cookie butter this week we got a big old bag a pea protein isolate for the wife this is what she likes to use and here's the thing they're just about wholesale prices at true nutrition plus they don't add the flavor in when they weigh it so you get like legit one pound of protein and then from there they add the flavor after that so every one pound I think it's like 1.2 I'm not sure don't put me on that but hey here's the thing the true nutrition is a great quality protein they believe in us they advertise with us because I literally asked them to and if you use our code think you'll get some additional savings plus of course that's like voting for our podcast so thank you guys I hope you enjoyed my my impromptu ad goodbye well let me shift us back a little bit because we had some more stuff to talk about too not only have you been doing this to him but tell us a little bit about the outreach program that you guys have been doing and I know that you have some interesting stories that you can share anonymously of course of how does that work people are calling in to ask for advice or how does this happen so part of the the funding model is that we do the steroid checking which is continuing to see by the way in the trial they got it was just group results but now everybody gets a unique code for every sample they drop and when we report everything they get their unique result as well part of this sort of package or all of it was steroid connect so it's a steroid peer educator who has yeah ex-body builder she's awesome she works full-time basically gives people guidance advice through a phone line free call phone line that anyone can call or email her or do a team's or resume or whatever base or what she's also at the needle exchanges as well depending on which one and which day so be sure that number here is it so we can do all right I'll make sure to get it up then for anybody and I'll really thanks yeah and so I mean when when people want more when they drop off their steroids for example and they you know instead of having like an intervention or anything it's just a health conversation around are you having any sides that you want to talk about or you know how's your usage strategy do you want to talk about use it just that sort of stuff where it's no pressure but if people have questions and want to make changes or ask questions or anything there's a safe space to do so because it's so taboo over here you would have those types of discussions you not getting bloodstone there's a bunch of online clinics that we can sort of give you don't have a GP we've got safe sort of allied trusted ones that we can refer you to don't have a coach we can start to you know have those sorts of discussions around where you where you are and who you're thinking and where you're at but basically there's always you know Sonja who's the educator or it's comes back to me with the you know fun stories and you know what's happened so one of the first ones which is fantastic she's at the needle exchange and someone's coming to obviously grab shops and they're like early on first cycle about to start and they want to start shooting test us during an antate they go in and they've come in and they've asked for basically the IV the insulin syringes and yeah they're going to load these out and they under the impression that they're going to use that to inject into their glue and that's the site mind you this thing is a 29 gauge or a 31 gauge so tiny you struggle to push the oil through let alone push a whole mill through let alone get deep enough into the glue you can do it but it's not and I think a lot of people are especially with tear teen out is using in a lot of this it's not in a useful group you know you know not in your glue max right yeah yeah yeah the other thing that that they don't consider is they actually increase in pressure you agree by using a narrow ball because that's coming out the end of that life fucking jet and and so Scott and and had you know had the discussion said look you know here's your options if you're going to shoot there if he was saying I'm going to you know um three years in and I need to split up every day injections across multiple sites yeah I'd say guy for it you know you have front rear you got up a trap you got tank like world's a roister oh I loved up a trap don't no I loved up it was you six you just a rovin these to do that back in my dad's the work for me was my dad's friends they had the impression that there were more engine receptors in the trash yeah yeah I mean being said I'm not doing calves but traps oh god don't calves don't don't kind of like a flizzon oh yeah lat lat was like a you know yeah I struggled a lot yeah I struggled a lot no I struggled that's why I have a lot yeah I struggled a chest and for some reason it would just always pull it would never disperse well it's um she had to do some work around that I think another another person you know was was trying to draw had issues with drawing so she had to work through that and another uh figure a girl who were woman called up one time and she she had the old so my coach gave me this bottle of tablets some take one and day doesn't know what they are no idea but says you know I've been experiencing you know I'm going for my beard trim in this small yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah it's time for laser basically and like oh okay so I had just to work around that another one come through and um had the you know the oil to inject was doing sub-cue injections sounded like it was test E or test P maybe but again had the um growing hair a lot faster my voice has gotten deeper and that and those types of things um what else yeah there's just the the knowledge barriers that I thought that we've overcome and it just brings me back to to uh realizing like no need to need super basic information for everyone all the time said that we're all on the same page the green you know it's kind of a big part of what this show is too you know we we we have fun with it but we do and we do we are repetitive we talk about a lot of the same topics over and over again but we have a constantly there are new people coming in that that need some of that real basic information you know it's shocking how many people engage around the ballads without even realizing that they shut themselves down oh yeah um you know and you conversations you have about well my test is low right fair enough so I'm going to need to take more the mame who's test was a little bit higher because it just don't understand that it's a completely replacement situation it's not a top up you know right through to women doing a middle source to 50 in a military under the week because it's fem test it's T.R.T for females and it's like not even T.R.T for males well I love female but it's I mean we could laugh about it and have a bit of a fun with it but you know they genuinely do not know and it's yeah the knowledge base is very at the same time you get the opposite end of the spectrum when you get people that are very knowledgeable but so much so that they don't consider their at risk and so you get this complacency around people who have knowledge because they they are most and I've done it myself you you're almost overlooked the obvious things that are going on because you're always looking for a more complex more intricate problem I mean when my kidneys first failed I was looking for right why am I not pulling war into the cell works my problem with my sodium what's the problem you know my potassium no my kidneys aren't working right mate that's what's muddy wrong we yeah yeah you know which was was a very simple in the sense of symptoms to diagnosis obvious choice I overcomplicate it and was looking for something for a more daily yeah even coaches need a coach sure sometimes you just need an objective review I think that's the problem it's probably you need to tell you what to do you need someone to look at you objectively and that's not always something you can do personally yeah I mean so there's there's that end right where you need to you know troubleshoot the the top end sort of things I think then we've got the other end where another blood came in and he was shooting with the same needle that he was drawing with like the 19 the 19 so literal harpoon any any was drawing with it and then using the same he said this is hurting me yeah I like of course it is so I think the change the idea what's up here you don't that's a 20 one sure of you yeah it's a 21 21 21 21 I can manage 19 days 19 days you know you know you know you know that's another story funny I mean it's it's hard I think the tricky part is pitching for that and pitching also for people that want general general or genuine sort of you know you should strategy guidance across you know I'm using these two compounds and this is what's been it that kind of stuff so it's been it's been interesting trying to manage that as well I think but we do we do and it's going well it's only been I think this is the fourth month of the program yeah what's the next step that you have in mind if they allow you to you know continue doing this and growing this where would you like to see this go so love this is why love is got so okay here we we've got another year to see out where I've got individual checking going on I mean the NHMSA so our national health and medical research council here in Australia has awarded me fellowship for five years from next year and still checking is the the whole agenda of it so another you know till 2030 yeah so but excitingly enough we have also the organization that I work in partnership with the loop Australia and the other two I should have mentioned so Quavo and Quint the Queensland Drug User organizations but the loop is secured drug checking tender in Victoria now in Victoria it's super cool man because we you know every part of drug checking that as occurred for steroids happens in a lab so it is I use an all-betrap 360 which is like a million dollar LCMS piece of equipment and I use a radiant ice up for the presence stuff we tested a few other things now everything just goes through the orbit because it's easier fast-sepured you know HPLC and things like that because of the the standards of process and everything else takes a little bit longer there now in Victoria they got this cool new fancy piece of equipment that they're shipping and called PSMS which is a paper spray mess spec now what you do with that is you can essentially you've got to dissolve whatever drug you're using into a sprayable you spray it on essentially what is a piece of paper paper goes into the machine come out and then you get your result now nobody's ever so this works for all all drugs apparently no ones have had done this for steroids but if we could do it for steroids this would be the game changer of game changes because instead of people waiting weeks or months for their results with me now because it goes to the lab we've got to do lump you know preparation and and pushing through all the trap needs to run overnight can only do a certain amount of samples or that sort of jump PSMS 30 minutes presence purity hello and you can line up you know multiple samples so literally if that method gets I guess you know validated reliabilitys and check that would be bringing steroids in line with all other drugs then in terms of timing so within 30 minutes someone comes in gives their oil tablet you know skilled chemist gets it onto the paper into the machine there you go I think that's what I'm the most pumped for that would be cool man have you seen any of the light analysis stuff no that you mean FTIR yeah yeah they you'd be light analysis stuff where they they don't do that for steroids yet but I believe they are developing it no no no no I have heard about the handheld you can you've got like us handheld light analysis they're cost about 30 grand you can only do like presence but you can scan tablets and it will give me the whole composition of the case I want to get one of those too serious tech some serious tech coming online obviously obviously expensive tech but there's some serious tech coming online yeah it'd be crazy but I mean that's the sort of next trial phase that that fixed side will go or reckon alive sometime in the second half of this year and then I'm basically needing to advertise just like a little Queensland like steroid community let's go hey I'd be here to help anything we can do if you want to come back on and talk about it you know we have to help spread the word man sweet that are probably good I guess just because samples come in we verify the method and then you know that that that guy's ahead I think it's super cool that you know this is a military grade piece of equipment that we get to you know use the benefit of steroids and steroid communities i love it and I think yeah we need to have been stuck as we need to go to Australia on the part of this research to a podcast live that would be fine with with the PSMS yeah we're in the back right now yeah so rising stuff like yeah I'm just bringing their products as 10 a.m. as the handheld scanner you know we're going to do an analysis So when you write your net proposal, just factor in the travel cost for two idiots to travel And here's what else we have to do. Dave takes a tablet. I take a tablet and then we try to Scast the consistency or we see you dies first. Tim, Tim, I'm like that was 87 Oh, you know, you know, I'm the money. I'm the money. Scott 80's. Let me I didn't tell you this either Scott. So so there was a tablet. So not not part of the steroid checking program, but obviously drug checking does music festivals like film testing and things like that. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Like a month ago I get this message from the team and they're like, you would not fucking believe this. There was a tablet that was meant to be ecstasy, like meant to be MDMA and, you know, ratsack or whatever they're putting in nowadays. Anyway, no MDMA, this thing had a sheet you were sheet, you know, like a nine different steroids in it. No MDMA. Yeah, just just like a mix of nine steroids and still waiting for them to send me the whole breakdown. I said, I need to see this thing and I need to publish it. But it wouldn't get you hard all. It would probably just absolutely just instant, color, estate, the cut, your stasis, like instantly, the rupture of some of some sort. There'll be a new role on the market next month. 10 years. You can get it. Yeah. Yeah. Someone will recreate it. You can guarantee it. You can guarantee it. What a party? 25 milligrams. It's honestly, there'll be some on the dust. Some of this stuff here, you hear, and read and see you and it's just like, well, you sell a workout where it's gone from sometimes, but it's just like, what the fuck were you thinking? Yeah. All right, Tim, well, listen, man, we appreciate having you on and you know, looking back from the time we had you on before, which has been a while now. I feel like it's been too long. I believe back then, you were talking about eventually you wanted to be able to do this testing. So it's really cool to see what it's become now. You know, from where you were then, to where you are now, it sounds like you've solidified and locked this in. So it's going to continue on for at least the next five years, which is awesome. And I'm confident that with the work that you put in the passion that you and your team have, it's only going to continue to grow. They won't be able to say no to continuing this program by, you know, the expiration date at 2030, you know, so I'm excited to see where you go next, man. Thanks, good. May two. It'd be good if it comes to the US. Yeah. Yeah. We can do anybody who's watching right now in the US that is a researcher, consider what Tim's doing. You know, we'll put your information down below for social media. I make sure to get that phone number from you. And anything else that people should be aware of anything they can follow along with that you're doing now that you'd like to share? So it'll send you a couple things. All right, cool. We'll post that all below, guys. Thanks for tuning in for another episode of Drugs and Stuff. We've got Tim, the researcher from Australia with us. Of course, Dave, go to supplementsource.ca if you're in Canada shop for supplements there. Stromsports.com. You can shop for some great health and performance supplements there, especially if you're on cycle, you're going to need to hit up Strom if you're in the UK. And of course, evalbloodanalysis.com. You get your labs done by Dave and the UK. True nutrition.com. These are, quote, think over there. And of course, thank you to everybody from Patreon. We didn't get any questions out this week. We'll be back next week to answer your listener questions as always and have some fun topics. So load us up with questions for the next show. Plus, all your comments like all that stuff. It definitely does help to booster programming up. You guys do an incredible job at that. And I love the community we have here. So thank you guys for thank you for being you. And for another episode of Drugs and Stuff Guys, we'll see you soon.