Question. Yeah. Would you have a... Opel limit of milligrams where you'd be right now, where definitely in cycle territory and when no longer. Ooh. That's a good question. So where does TIRT plus end? And where does it go? Oh, no, it's a cycle cycle. What's up, guys? I guess with Dave Crossland, I've Scott McNeely and all of our programming is brought to you by you. The people of Patreon, thank you guys very much for your support. In fact, I think we have a couple of Patreon questions today. We are brought to you by evebloganalysis.com. If you're in the UK and you're on cycle, then you definitely should get your lab work done by Dave. I mean, regardless, where do you live if you're on cycle? You should get your labs done. But you can do that with evebloganalysis.com if you're in the UK. We're also brought to you by trunutrition.com. Use our code. Think to get 10% off everything they've got. You can get intro workout, you can get pre workout, you can get carbohydrates, you can get protein. Like literally, they have all your good basic body building supplements. Use our code think and supplement source.ca for Canadians. They have great deals that change week to week last, but not least, strong sports nutrition. Now available in the US too. I'm taking thrombo max right now. In fact, I got to take my thrombo max. I didn't take it yet today. Good for guys that have thick blood like me. And they've got a really a lot of great line of health stacks, especially if you're in psych and check them out. Dave, what's going on? Man, we got a bunch of fun stuff lined up today. I'm no hea. Woo! What do you mean? I'm a ghost. Woo! Guys, so here's our topic first of all. Tell you what the topic is and then I got Dave wants me to tell this story to you. So our topic for the day and Dave's going to love this one. If you guys know the show, the best TRT plus cycle. It was it was asked in the feed. Dave loves TRT plus. Dave's a big fan of TRT plus. Oh, wait, from here, you say that. Dave's a big fan of TRT plus. He's always been advocating that you use a little bit more than what you need to give my he's just kidding guys. That's not my diet. Just you just eat a little bit more than what you need. Okay, so we will get to that and we're going to get to all your listener questions, but there was a moment that I thought Dave wasn't with us anymore. Dave before yesterday. So I was alive. I thought Dave was on a live and listen, man. He helps. Okay, no, I didn't cry. But I probably would have if you wouldn't pretend to be on his day. Here's the deal. So I talked to a client and I was sending him a voice memo and I mentioned something about Dave Calick who had passed away. And he responded a little bit later and he said, Did you say that Dave crosslin passed away? And I didn't read it right when I saw his message. I thought it said, did you see the Dave crosslin passed away? And like for one minute, I thought you were gone, dude. But listen, it wouldn't have been the first time. Like, I mean, you were pretty, they in close. You had a heart attack. You busted your leg up pretty bad that one time. That wasn't good with your health conditions. Dude, during the shutdown when everybody was catching that virus and it was really bad. Dave got pneumonia and he was in the hospital. And then he got that bug on top of the pneumonia. There's been a few months of the virus. So I got pneumonia and then I got bilateral blood clot. Yeah. And then you got that bug. Jesus. So yeah. But you're the truth man. I can talk about your faith. Because I do worry that one day I will get that milk. You will. And I don't want to get that message. You know what I'm saying? And I just want you to take care of yourself. I will take you off my inform list and put you on my do not inform list. I'll say. Because you're getting a good employee. You are definitely getting them out with me. Let's all be around the bush here. Well, we'll see. We'll see. I'm a bit like a cockroach man. You know, I'm in quite out to kill. All right. Anyways, guys, here's our topic. And like I said, you could leave us questions too in the next show. T-R-T plus. Somebody had said, hey, I was hearing from somebody else. One of another influencer that this is the best cycle. You know, feeling the blank that it was this much test with a little bit of DACA, you know, and that if you run that as T-R-T plus, especially for an aging guy, that's going to be fantastic. So I wanted to like legit. You know, I mean, we know day first of all, T-R-T plus is not T-R-T right. And it's not something you're going to run year round. Yes, technically, I know your point that it is a mild cycle. But let's say for a few months on a few months off, somebody wanted to just get that little additional boost. That's our topic for the day. Potsing my first lip ingredients to one side. Is it beer? No, it's not. It's not. It's an energy drink. It's always out. Yes, and I do drink. Yeah, because you're a steam-jump guy. It's a Celsius. It's like a... It's like a sparkling water with a little caffeine in it. These are good. I prefer my caffeine on messed with person. I like my caffeine brown and hot. Like, like, red. I'm not doing well with the turps. I've been good, okay? You're really good. I've used the right words. You've got to do me to get us turned off. Yeah. I've got my own IG channel turned off. Oh, that's not good. You have to tell me about that later. Okay, so... Drugs have effects, okay? This isn't going where you think it is, but... As someone who wanted to want to run T-R-T with extra... And this is often like you said it's older gentlemen that are wanting a bit extra for various reasons. Your partner to that T-R-T would be the drug that fulfills what you want out of the extras. So for argument that's sake, I'm 55 year old. I've got a few niggles a bit of joint pain. I want to do it T-R-T plus. Then yeah, I'm going to look at something like Deca. Because that even 50 milligrams of something, if I believe that the grams of Eca Deca is definitely going to have a positive impact on my joint health. Yeah. You know, or it may be your... One-ins... your T-R-T, but you do have a few issues with the estrogen on your T-R-T. So then you might look at T-R-T plus Pima, T-R-T plus Mass. As your secondary little boost, because you're wanting some estrogen control from it. So when it comes to T-R-T plus, I don't think there's a particular right combination. I think it's more the combination of fits what you're trying to get out of what you want to do. Yeah, or what you're lacking, like if you mention, like if you're older, you're joint-sarcetic, great, you know, maybe a little bit of Deca's going to be beneficial for you. Yeah, you know, or if you want to know a bit more boost on the LeBito, maybe a DHT, you basically is going to be a little bit better for you. But the point where it is, I don't think there's a set partnership with RUNT-R-T plus and extra compound. Because I think it's very unique to what the individuals are trying to achieve and what they need out of that combination. All I will say, I'm not going to go off in a preach, but all I will say is obviously if you are running elevated levels, even, mindly, then you just need to be a little bit more on point with checking your health markers, particularly cardiovascular. And that isn't something you're going to check for the blood, that's something where you need to annually get something like an echo. Because there is going to be an increase in stresses and downstream negatives, if you're putting more antibiotics in at the top end. How much is very person and lifestyle dependent, you know, if you believe like a monk and everything else is on point, probably not so much. But if you've also got a little bit of a slacker diet or a little bit of a slacker lifestyle, then the combination of negatives could result in more risks. So that's all I will say on that rather than going off on some tangent about how much I don't like. Is that something that always you have at least you with more than the actual thing. I understand that. Yeah, if somebody owned it, if somebody just comes out and they're like, hey, I want to take more than TRT, but I don't want to do a serious big cycle, you know, full on bodybuilder cycle. What would you suggest it? It's a completely that and that's what we're talking about here today. Yeah, I think too we can look at things outside of just the antibiotics, right? Definitely we could look growth is an obvious one potentially maybe, you know, a lot of those eventually, if you found that you want to see is running a bit high. And that's particularly relevant with certain genetic profiles and so you'll find that people of Asian descent generally naturally have slightly higher. HB1C is slightly more insulin resistant particularly as the age diabetes in the Asian population is quite a problem. So there could be issues around there where you start to have secondary drugs into to help manage things like that. Yeah, there's different thyroid. So there's a host of self-medication types cells as well from a performance point of view. And all roles are going to be limited in any way, so I'd probably steer away from a TRT with an oral loss and stick to some form of injectable. Yeah, I feel like if you're adding an oral in like you pretty much just started a cycle with low dose tests. Yeah, you know what I mean? And then, you know, you can look at some of the fact that the GH releases and stuff like that definitely are viable if you didn't want to go down the actual GH group. Or even a combo where you did a rotation between the two is something that a lot of people adopted for a period time as well, which seemed to work quite well. If A1C's high, I would I would go into the GLP meds and get a spread of you know that that'd be my background little little red in the background just to help that out. But I'm not against insulin. I think you can get a lot of like low key benefits, auto say three units of insulin in a pre-worked area. Say three units of insulin in a pre-workout setup along with like if you're doing an intro workout kind of just support get a little bit more out of that nutrition than you would have otherwise, especially if you're in the growth hormone situation too. I think that all that works really nice together and then on top it. So let's say we have that we're layering in three units of excuse me insulin pre-workout. We've got maybe two to three units of insulin running seven days a week and maybe a little bit of red as well. We're working on a little bit of fat loss. And then you've got your TRT in with maybe an equal amount of master on to help to get that dryer harder look. Maybe free up some more test while you're at it and kind of get more of a more that like, oh, in the gym. You know what I mean? I feel like I wouldn't see that as being like a bad setup for somebody who was say like hey, I'm going to try to get leaner the summer. I'm not really into doing a full blow in cycle, but I'd like to kind of put a package together that would allow me to, you know, get the most out of the work I'm putting in, you know. Question. Yeah. Would you have a opellimit of milligrams where you'd be right now where definitely in cycle territory and when no longer. That's a good question. So where does TRT plus end? I'm worried. I don't know. I would say you've already made the definition that you would regard oral addition has been more into a cycle situation. Probably more because of its limited period of use. Not only that, but like, I mean, I just feel like are you going to get much out of like taking a micro dose of anodrol like five milligrams. You know what I mean? Like five milligrams anodrol doesn't a day doesn't seem like a big ope to me. I don't think it would be. Yeah. So where does it, where does one stop and one stop? Okay. Let's say that true TRT, let's say true TRT for guy is let's call it 150, 150 test. And that's all they need. At that level, they're going to be like mid to higher range, but they're not at the point where they're getting so much estrogen that they're having any estrogen issues. Obviously on top of that, we're going to let at this point just look at anobalix. How about if you went to double that? Beyond double that. If you go beyond 300 total milligrams, I would call that a legit cycle. Yeah. I think that's, I would say that's right. Okay. Yeah, I would say that's right. I think so 300 is a cycle. It's probably just so borderline. Get it be difficult to be effective unless you are so on point. Yeah. I mean, you'll get something though, right? Yeah. If you're taking 150 test and you even took like, I guess it depends on the compound. If you took a hundred mast on top of that, or if you just took 250 test, I mean, that and itself, like I think you feel something. But it depends on the compound because let's say it was a hundred and fifty trend. Like that's a big jump. You know what I mean? Also, what, what's your thoughts and unduration of T.R.T. Of course, do you accept the year round, which most people run with it, or do you think there needs to be pairs of break? I'd want to get levels back. Let me, let me first say this. So Dave, and I've told you before. There was a period of time that I just decided to screw it. I'm not taking my test down below 300 year round. And it was in that phase that I started experiencing exceptionally high hematocrate. I'm not talking a couple points high. I'm talking like closing in on 60. And I started doing therapeutic philibody through my doctor. And in order to get that down, I had to go in for philibody me once a week. For a month. And then once every third week regularly. That's an 18, 20 gauge needle that they're jabbing in your arm every week. That's a bloody coast. Yeah, there's a cost. Well, with my insurance, I was paying like $500 every six months. So I mean, it was a cost, but there's also like, I mean, dude, I just don't think it's healthy to make that. That it's not maintainable. It's not sustainable. You know, it's not healthy. I don't think to be getting yourself jabbed up that much. So that would be, I would say a limiting factor. I would say that as you are monitoring your bloods, I would want to take at least, let's say, I'll say if we're going extreme, I would say no more than eight months on per year of TRT+. That would be like high in. Let's break it up into a couple of chunks. Take, you know, eight weeks off, eight weeks off. And then choose the win to when you cover up to be off. Yeah, something like that. Yeah. I don't know. You guys tell us, what do you think is the best TRT plus cycle? It was Ron Harris, by the way. Ron Harris said that he's on 250 test 100 decker. Can't remember the HGH, but what do you think of the test decker levels just to give myself who's never used PEDs to go up a level? So this guy who was asking about what's the best TRT plus he's never done anything. Yeah, I think that's a bit strong to be honest. I would like to see the test lower. You had 350 there, which from someone who's used nothing, I think he would get more out of starting at lower and exploring that for a good six months before he goes up to that level. And also there's the experience element of this in knowing what fields right and what fields wrong. If you haven't run a legit sort of correct TRT, those in keeping your levels in range, you don't have a baseline of how you should feel on TRT. So then you don't know when you do push it, what's abnormal and what's not abnormal, because it's all normal, because that's all you've ever experienced. So I think it's important to have some foundation in a genuine correct TRT. Be it three or six months, but I would have said ideally six months, so at least you have an understanding of how your body reacts at a regular dose in it. Before you start looking at going to a TRT plus scenario. Yeah, I'd go with that. He kind of a follow up here and I'll just kind of dive into the little listener questions and by the way guys, if you have questions that you want to ask on the show, then comment below. Also, you can tell us about how you used to hate Dave, but not you like him. Do you remember that from last week? That was a funny comment. The guy was like, we really like Dave. I used to hate the guy. But I like him now. You never can control what people think Dave, never can, you know. You can just try and be true to yourself, sir. Yes. I'm not sure you can be. If you try and live your life in some form of honesty, then you won't go far wrong. I don't think because at least the people that are around you around you, because they like you. You know what you propose or pretend to be. There you go. That's what you get for Dave's either vice this week as well. We'll see about that. We'll see. We might squeeze one more out of him later. Guys, all right. What's this? It says, Okay, kind of a follow up. Would there be any reason to cruise slash T or T if your bloods are in range? I guess not really. He's talking about doing us full blown cycle. If you're honest, cycle, and the markers are in range, would you just keep running it? Or are there reasons to come off that would be beneficial outside of this? Yes, several factors. But what's an out of full story? They are useful. They do show us indications. What they are not very good at showing us is how healthy your heart is. What they will show you is risk factors that would contribute to heart problems, but they actually give real indication of where your heart is. That's going to need more of a physical examination in the form, ECG, ultrasound, those sort of things. So that's one. It's not a completely comprehensive check. Two is there are stress factors from using antibiotics. And you'll feel these. You will feel slightly down slightly under the weather. So that is an over indicator. And if you want, cycle, the problem is the longer you're on a dose, the more you will normalize it. Yeah. So there is benefits of limiting exposure, both psychological, but also physical response. The healthier you are, the better you will grow. When you introduce drugs, that health and fitness starts to decline. So it's a case of getting nice and healthy, introduce drugs and you are on a sweet spot. For quite a while, where you are fit and healthy, and that drugs work really well. But eventually the stress from those drugs will start to be calculated into health and wellness. And then you will start to see where you are going to be. You will start to see megalopyr. And a general malaise will start to creep in. If that happens, off, for a rational, get feed and fit and healthy. If you back your cycles to close to each other, you will actually compromise progress. So yeah. So it's difficult sometimes to do mentally. Having a slightly less-dended period off between cycles, working on improvement fitness and health, will pay dividend when it comes to the next cycle and progress. And with all this rinse and we've talked about as low as it's at. It's very rare you will get bulk into bulk that stay progressive. You tend to bulk consolidation bulk. So if you can have a longer time where you are working on health and fitness, you'll find that your next cycle will be more responsive than if you haven't done that. Yeah. And I'm seeing that right now. I've got some guys that competed last year. And we are taking this year off to grow, planning to go into 2026 early season. And one guy in particular Jordan, incredible progress. He got seventh at his first national show. He did USA's in classic. And seventh place was, and they actually had him in the first call out for that too. So they're considering I think you've been pushing them further. But first national show, I think second or third show all together, did fantastic. We pushed him up from like 255. I think our 250 last year. And now we've gotten him up to like 255 here in this off season. But with much better condition, we took a break. Now we're going to go, we're going back on. But I don't expect him to do that again. We're not going to get to 300. You know what I mean in the second cycle. Yeah. No. It's like I'll take 262 to 65. Something like that at most. Yeah. So actually. I'm a green. I'm a green with you 100% actually Jordan did make a critical error man. And this is something maybe we should tell the audience. He got into a friendly arm wrestling match with a friend to his. And he strained his bicep. And as a result, it kind of, it kind of afd us because he took, he had to take a month off of training basically. And we were looking to push up to that 260 to 65. And this would have been the exact time he would be there. Funny you mentioned that I made a similar mistake. Yeah. Recently or. No. Back in the day. Uh, okay. Remember his name. Big lot. You should train the same gym as me. We're going to a conversation about arm wrestling. I was much bigger and much stronger than then. So I was like, yeah, I'll give you an arm wrestling. I know. Need to put my arm through the counter. Uh, turns out it was a heavyweight pro. It's that was me arriving at the Calcate. He put your arm through the counter. Really didn't didn't quite, but nearly went down that fast. That just whack. Come. Did you hurt yourself? Yes. Last night, nobody stepped in. No man. That's how Ian Valier before he was even pro. He had some incredible arms on him. Just like thick massive and uh, he ended up with like a spiral fracture through his arm as a result of arm wrestling somebody when he was younger. Well, it was it is. We are idiots. Um, I deeply regret that for several weeks after was. Dude, dude, Adam young, uh, pro now retired. He was just over in, um, Japan to support Dorian Haywood who ended up freaking winning the master's Olympics. All the best. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So while he was there, he was at some place where there were these sumo guys. And the sumo guys said, hey, we want to, we want our wrestle, the big macho American bodybuilder, you know, muscle guy. So he got to a friendly match with them and uh, he was just a little bit different. Right. He lasted literally like 10 seconds before he ruptured both quad tendons. This is poor dude is F. Hard man. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, yes. By the way, guys, if anybody wants to help support Adam because that's a, uh, that's a painful one. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, it's not even him show, but it is, it's, he was, they requested it. And I don't think there's many of us that would have turned it down because I had a lot of the experience of wrestling with a real sumo wrestling. Right. It would be fun, man. You're lost, but I would have loved the experience to try to do it. But point being guys like really watch yourself. So if you're, if you're really pushing in bodybuilding, you need to really look at yourself as an athlete. Don't do anything. And also too, that's a reason I think that it's important to maintain athleticism through our bodybuilding. You know, don't be immobile and, and then bound, don't be muscle bound, you know, as, as a term is called. Random question from gadgets in the live stream. He says, um, you were going to run a high dose GH experiment, say 15 units for a month. Would you do it during a blast phase or a cut phase in why? Let's assume one gram of sauce per week and a sensible surplus or deficit depending on what the goal was. I would do it in a, in a, in a mass building phase. Yeah. I don't, I don't think there's much benefit to high dose in a cut. Um, whereas, well, to be honest, I don't think there's much benefit to high dose anywhere. But if I was going to do the experiments, I wanted to see how I affected. I would go in the, what you're going to get out of it is, is a high level of intermuscular water. So off the back of that, you should see some sort of strength gains, and be able to push quite hard and heavy in the gym. You must make use of that in a, in a bulky. And I would say, improve recovery. Well, you're not getting care. If you went from, say, four, I, you every day in a fat loss core, I note that 50, you're not getting care three times the fat loss effect by tripling the GH dose in a call. Absolutely. So, you know, why do you, if you can handle it, and still look good with it, like, you know, because I, I have some guys that run growth and they get to a certain dose and everything just spills over. Yeah, water and smooths them out. But I have seen it work for guys. They can run higher doses while they're dieting. And if you can get, like, a piece of competitor, and you can get that added fullness on stage, it really can bring a different look. Yeah, it's got it. If you can dry it out. But I think it's an experiment. I would, I would go, the, the bulky face first, and then from that, you can see how you react to it. No, if it's viable in the opposite. I would personally rather run, I think that longer term with growth is more beneficial than a shorter term. Yeah, so I'd rather take seven and a half units and run that for eight weeks versus 15 for four, you know, that'd be my take at least. What's he doing with growth otherwise, I wonder. All right. We got a bunch more. Jump back in here. How about this one, Dave? Desma Rellen had research for visceral fat destroying. Does this mean that it would be a great addition for body building? What is your guys opinion on it? I told him this day, if I said, I've always thought to go with actual GH, and I've never heard of any high level guys that swear by it, but I'm open to hear feedback from any highly experienced people who have done extensive cutting on growth hormone and extensive cutting on Tess Morellen. And then from there, I, I would love to hear feedback from somebody who is highly experienced with both at a higher level. Because I can't just, you know what I mean? I can't just take somebody's word off read it. Who's like, oh yeah, bro, I used it and I got in great shape. I think compared that to growth. Yeah, I mean, I think that's the problem in it. There are people that have used it and got in the great shape. Doesn't necessarily mean it's a drug that got him in great shape. I also think a lot depends on availability of what is available to you, be it through financial restrictions or just availability of drugs. So, you know, if, if you've got a choice of that or nothing, yeah, that's going to be more effective. If you've got a choice of that or G.A., no, I've got a G.A. So, it's not useless, but comparatively, it isn't getting at the same. Yeah. There's a meaning, well, help doesn't mean you can't get something out of it, you can't, but don't expect miracles. And you see this the same with like peptides, I mean, but I get messages about what peptides can take to go muscle mass. Yeah. Yeah. The list is very sure, and not very effective. But as long as you just show expectations to that, then crack on. Crack on, guys. From Brad, he says, is there, okay, so last week we did the, like, mixing of orals topic orals, lower dose of multiple orals stack. He says, is there really much point in using orals if you're an average Jim bro? Injectables are generally more healthy, using my hand in air quotes, and you do, nearly anything that orals can do anyway, am I wrong? Yeah, you ask like, you're wrong. But he says, right, too. Yeah, he's out of it. Yes. There is a valid point. There are certain things that orals can be very useful from. I mean, apart from getting the injectable version of that oral, which is a different conversation, you know, I mean, there isn't an injectable that's going to be comparable to say 50 milligrams of oxypri worker. There isn't really an injectable that's probably going to stack against windstroll four days, five days out from a show. But hey, listen, he's not doing a show. No, you're saying, so that average Jim bro, you know, I'm with him, man. I'm like average Jim bro, like get on your test and test plus additional antibody compounder, whatever you're trying to do, you know, test in DHT or test in EQ and like, do what you're going to do, man. You know, busted out with a diet, trained hard and like realistically, I think you can do all that without an oral, you know, isn't quote unquote average Jim bro. Oh, I don't think then that's necessary in a slice. I definitely think you could go your whole cyclic life without having touching one. Yeah. But I don't think they're waste either. I think they just offer an alternative route. So it's really down to the individual at the end of the day, but I wouldn't say that a waste. Yeah, I think he's saying that a waste as much as like, is it worth the added stress that an oral is going to cause when you can already do those same, most of the same thing without him as an average Jim bro that's probably, you know, just looking to grow as much muscle as they can, get lean in the summer, whatever, you know. I'm going to ponder on. How about this one Dave? Think big bodybuilding. Is a hey, we're going into a ballking season. Oh, we answered a question for him last week too. So you're lucky you're getting tune a row. As we approach, what are some good stacks? Also, how should we approach it? Eat everything we can, dirty ball or clean ball? Be really interested to hear what old Dave would say considering the he ate three kilos of rice per day and him being like me, we like to eat also while ballking with supplements should, what supplement should we take depending on the stack? And there's a shameless plug in there. Love you guys. Keep up the awesome conversation. So he basically wants us design everything forms. Diet is here and his supplementation all here, Dave. And he says, we, so I feel like you might have a coach or something too. That was great to do. I'll do this. Don't agree with dirty ballks. Think it's bullshit. Yeah. Um, shit in, shit out, simple as that. Um, don't use, you know, if you want to eat crappy crap, that's your choice, but don't wrap it up in something that's not. You just want to eat crap. Um, it's, um, there's no advantage to a dirty ball. There's no reason for a dirty ball. Your body wants quality nutrition. And the better quality nutrition you're putting, the better performance you could get. And this is, this is very true of just baseline foods. Um, I've noticed we've going to different countries eating a local diet, that there's a different difference with how I feel, because the quality of the ingredients that I'm being exposed to, be sometimes positive, sometimes negative. So, you know, quality of food does count. And there is no, and bulk cycle wise depends on your experience depends on where you are, depends on what you've done before. Yeah. Absolutely. So why do you want to look after your lipids, you want to look after your blood thickness, you want to look after your blood pressure, if any of those are factors, and that will all depend on the drugs you choose, and you as an individual. If it would be a baseline, create a mean, create a team, would be a baseline, I always get those two words mixed up. Um, probably a bit C and a B complex, you know, like I said, the lipids are put already. But that would be my basic structure around supplements, and then from there, it starts looking at what specific to you as an individual. Yeah, yeah, I'd go with that. It's hard to give him that specific advice on the gear and and even the supplements, but I think, Oh, you could stop being a cheap, swat and pay, scall, and you'll write it all out for you. Oh, you could pay Dave, he'll write it all out for you too. I don't want to do it. You, you can have it. Oh, here's a fun one. He says, can y'all discuss using compounds with no aster's? My source has a trend test no aster has a pre workout, and it's supposed to be in and out of your system within four to six hours compared to using trend A's. So first of all, what's all available with no aster? Of course, test, of course, trend is there any other injectables? Is there like an e aqua poise no aster? I wonder. Not a more well. Daca no aster? No, I don't know. Maybe like I wouldn't want that. No, I don't see any reason for the me that's a be honest. Yeah. Has a pre workout, a test no aster or a trend no aster definitely has an impact? From a point of view of performance within the workout, yes, they're going to be positive. The point of view of sustained growth, not so much. So when you use no aster drugs, pre workout, what you're doing is boosting your ability within the gym. So you're going to be stronger and performance like a better. But your growth is coming in your recovery period. Now if you are only using a no aster, you've got no animal attraction in your recovery period. Yeah. And potentially suppression to some extent depending on how high doses are, where you are, where natural levels and all this sort of crap. So a useful tool for boosting strength and performance, not a particularly productive tool for recovery and overall sustained growth. I got this bottle once of 60 mils of test no aster. And I went in on it with a friend of mine like we split the bottle. So I got 30 mils out of the bottle and I drew out 30 mils and I put it in the bottle for the other guy. And lo and behold, I loved it. The other guy who's like I didn't really notice anything. I couldn't tell. Yeah, I was like with M trend. Yeah, that's subtle to me. My take is is that it's going to be individual just based off that experience and then also hearing other people say like, I never really got much out of test no aster. I loved test no aster. I thought it was great. In fact, I had a blend that was test no aster with debol. And that was my favorite. You like in fact that. In fact, I might have one bottle of that that I've saved for about eight years now sitting in my box that one day. One day I'll break that out when I'm 70 day. Taking in my birthday. So 23 then. Yeah, no 20 27. Yeah. And what's there? She might birthday is coming up. It's going to be in another week or so. What are you going to get me? A sign photo. Sign photo of whom? Me. Oh, yes. Can I do that? If you were real, I would get that. If you would get that. If you would do that, I would hang that up. I'll even do it topless. I would hang that up. Right next to this. I'd have a little area on my wall is just like, If you haven't even hung that open from down the floor. Throwing it on the floor. I have it set up. This is set up in my office. I have a few pictures because I don't want to have this wall. You know, like I've got a couple things on the wall, but I have it set up. It's right over here on my bookshelf. Because you have no books. All right. Yeah, I'm with you on the testowester and trying to know after a thing, man. I will see what else we have here. I'll just comment. It says, just spoke to Dave on the telephone with a question about my TRT. What an absolute gentleman. Thank you very much. I appreciate it. What a hell of a talk. I'll talk to you. I'll talk to you. I'll talk to you. I'll talk to you. What a hell of a talk. I'll talk to you. I'll talk to you. I'll talk to you. I'll talk to you. That's DS KG 4DO. His name is real name. His name is comments. Yeah, that's in the comments from six days ago. All right. I was in say. Uh, what you meant? Another comment. I'm going to have to buy you guys dinner. You saved my Monday every week. Love the show. I'm up for that. Yep. No problem. Me too. Yeah. You have to pay for Scott the fly over here. Where are we going Dave? What are we going to get to eat now? Might take you to either. But that expensive. I just want like some classic fish and chips. All right. I'll take the composure. Okay. No, she takes the Harry's Harry Ramson's. They're better stuff. Harry, Harry, he would sort of met a stuff with a much better stuff. Yeah. Composed change towns about a year ago and it's come down a little bit. What do you dip your fish and chips in? Do you dip it in any sauces? So you generally speaking, you have a couple of choices depending on where you're located within the country. Yeah. So you have curry sauce. Chinese curry sauce. Oh, oh. Grave, eh? Okay. Yep. Yeah. I remember that. That's what I got over there. That was good. Mushy peas. I got that too. I don't think that's the same thing. I don't think that's the same thing. But you guys don't do tartar sauce. Yeah, but not usually as a dip. It's normally just a squeezy thing that you can get from the chipy. Okay. But you actually generally all those will come in like a paw, you know, a next. Yeah. Yeah. I like the gravy. That was a good one. That was a good choice. Cody sauce. All right. I never tried that. I'd have. I'd give it a go. But it just doesn't strike me as like I don't do curry and fish for some reason. It's never been a combo in my life here. Oh, it's not like you're thinking. Honestly, it's not. It's a powdered sauce and it's very standard across every fucking chipy year go to. Yeah. Okay. Some of all it. There's a sum of all it. Here's a question for you guys. Can you use trust alone and nothing as a test base? And what are the vials that just say test base usually? Oh, and what are the vials that just say test base usually dose at 50 milligrams? So he's asking two questions. Yeah. So test base means test no Esther. So you're not going to use that as a base. It's not it's not meaning test as a base compound for a cycle. Yes. Uh, trust alone. Yeah. Technically. Yes. It can be a little bit difficult. Each is in management wise. But but it has been trial. There's a TRT and I believe it's going to be quite well. Um, so yeah, I mean, it's probably a little bit more complex to do from a point of view of managing side effects. But it is viable. It would work. I wonder. Yeah. I don't know how I'd feel about that. I think I mean, I just because something's technically possible doesn't mean it's actually sensible to do. Um, I can't see why I would want to run meant as a base. Yeah. Um, not only that, it's not usually the easiest compound to get old off. Do you know this Dan? Yes. I know that. We're, we're the mentioned. Dave looked like he had lost quite a bit of weight and noticeably looked very healthy when he popped over last. Oh, that's Dan, best it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I told him that. It's a train man and they, they, they try to talk me into having a, a Turkish that end up giving down food points. They saw him very glad I declined. Haha. Poor Dan. He was not a, he was a very poorly body that next day. Couldn't tell him otherwise this had to get bigger than it already is. I've got a huge melon. Yeah. That's good man. I'm glad to hear Dan's doing good outside of getting sick. Did you know that blunt force, Tony, Antonio Miller, she doesn't like sell see this. I don't know why man. It's a, it's a, it's a really good, just light airy, you know, like carbonate, like sparkling water. This would taste like. I'm just looking at the comments. Yes, men, husband uses male birth control. I think it was 25 milligrams a week. They would try them now. I thought it was it that high. Okay. I got a lot of it. Yeah. Yeah. I heard about it used as a male birth control or trialed as a, I don't think they've been, you know, following up with that. Um, I mean, as a compound man, I think that stuff's really strong. And the method estrogen that you get from it. I speak firsthand. You want your estrogen to already be in real good control. If you're going to run that in a cycle, that's, that's the less an eye learned from that. Acetate, other hand, man. No issues for me. But then again, my estrogen wasn't a really good control when I started that. Let me see if I have, I think a couple more here. There was a really, oh, another kind of a follow up comment. One of our listeners said to the follower, uh, excuse me, to the fellow about the test trend, who got Gino remember that guy? Yeah. He added in the trend then he got Gino. He said, maybe the fastest fake brother. That is more tough. In this marketplace, that is a very possible problem. Yes. Totally agree. Yeah, especially. Yeah, with how a mast is right now. Have you seen any more availability of, uh, mast and pre-mone? Now, I'm seeing it, but I'm seeing the prices are jacked way up still. There's been, yeah, I've seen a creep up. I think those little things are starting to recover a little bit. I found in general too, if because the guy was doing okay, he added in trend and then he got Gino. I find that if your estrogen is under control under wraps, then you'll be less likely to have that happen. In fact, I haven't had any issues with prolactin if estrogen is under wraps, you know, with trend, they generally. That's the only thing that you can control the estrogen you're less likely to get issues from the prolactin. Yep. All right, I think that was, that might have been everything we had Dave and we don't have any, uh, we don't have any Uncle Dave's advice questions. Yeah. How is your trip, though, do you have fun? Yeah, I was going through the comments too. It was a bit long. Um, we were ready for getting home when we came home. It was very hot. Um, but we were in an area of France near a town called Shalou, which was where Richard the Lionahart died. Okay. And he was shot by a kid. Oh, okay. It was war. But he, yeah, he was actually a young kid that was fighting the shot in arrow, just that one door crossbow and just happened to hit him more. He was a bad luck than actual good partnership. Um, but we only, we, we, until we went to the Castle where he died. Um, we went to a, uh, larger, um, bath complex, which apparently is one of the most well preserved and a large east outside of Rome. I've got nose of that street. I just read the bomb that came with it. Um, it was quite impressive actually, uh, and then we went to this. Yeah, I just, uh, just from a point of view of what we said in Petta. You've upset in potential people. So there was two villages near where we were, uh, or towns, old arrays. I think was one, and then there was another one. Now. Over there. Do I blame? Or not. So I blame. Okay. Over door. It's over there. It's over there. Thank you. Thank you from today. Three members. That's all. That's all. There was a, uh, resistance town. One of the resistance from that town killed a German officer. I believe in SS officer to be precise. So the SS took revenge, but they hit the overtime with a similar name. Yeah. They slaughtered the whole town. I think it's 604-1 men and women in children. They ran to take refuge in the church. So they threw gas grenades in the church and then set it on fire. Oh, wow. The next day they then took all the bodies and buried them in mass graves. So it made it very difficult to identify everybody. The town has been preserved as the Germans left it. As an example to a... As a memorial, basically. Yeah. So, and we went and I was... I know I've never been to Auschwitz, but I've... Everyone I know that has been as all said the same thing. It's horrible. Yeah. It feels horrible. It feels like death. It feels super oppressing. Yeah. It's just a really nice place to be. And you feel very uncomfortable being there. Didn't get that here. It was very peaceful, very relaxed. There was no sense of tragedy about the place. But he's just a living memorial that you can walk around. And all the people that they know that died, that picture and their name is up on a wall. So you can see every single individual that was in the village. Wow. They do that kind of thing at some random buildings in Germany, where, you know, you'll see it like when I was in Colone, everything is redone. Like the almost the whole city-dave outside of the cathedral was leveled. So like everything is new buildings in Colone. But occasionally you'll see like one building. Like I went through the Roman Roman Colone. I didn't go see that. It's not a country. Actually, I... Yeah, I did see that actually. Yeah. It's just a couple of underground. It's like the stones are still there with the road tracks in them. It's just a section of like 20 meters time. That's right. That's right. And there's an archway there. Yeah. Ron Partlo and Jamie the giant and I visited that while we're there. In fact, I think there's some pictures somewhere that have all of us. Yeah. How old do you think this is, Ron? Wow. It's the thousand years old. But they'll have like one, they'll be like everything's new. But they'll have like one church that is still just like wrecked. You know, all the bullet holes and all of that roof cave then. And they just believe that as a reminder of the tragedy of war. You know? Yeah, it was a very interesting voice. Obviously, you know, on it was blistering. It was 4445 size for us. Okay. So we were we were melting. That's like almost 100. Oh, over. That's it. That's it. Yeah, it was. Hey, I did find one more. I almost skipped this because it's like, it's like a huge paragraph. And I'm not going to read the whole thing. But I kind of deciphered what he's saying here. First he does say, hey, David Scott love the show and have learned so much. I'd like your opinion advice and input says for a little context the past three years I've grown from 400 pounds to 218 loose skin everywhere, meal prepping and exercising mainly. So as recently had my blood work done, everything was great. The test was 621 nanograms per deciliter. Estrodiles 27 with everything near center in the normal range aside from slightly low HDL at 38. It's not bad. It's still work on that. Institute of Meggos and some healthy fats. He says, I am now two weeks into pinning 200 milligrams of test CE blend. And I plan to run this for 10 to 12 weeks. I happen considering adding another compound at week six. If my blood work comes back good, the primary options I was considering were antibody ball, Tren E or mast E, any considered would be at lower doses. See, so short question long, would there be any significant benefit gain from adding one or multiple of these for the last six months? Or multiple of these for the last six to 10 to 12 weeks? Or weeks six to 10 or six to 12 to finish the cycle out? Or would you recommend one over the other or even at all? I'm going to stop reading there. I'd probably go mast. Yeah, I'd be good with adding it now. Yeah, I'd probably go mast. I'd probably take some mast in. I like scaling cycles as you go through. So I think a six weeks start point. It's good as any and just rack it up a bit for the last six weeks and I think mast would be a good choice. From what he's saying, I think I wouldn't look at Tren. I don't think there's the experience there to really start to be used in Tren. No, not your first cycle of special. No, no. And you could always, I'd also don't see the point in adding multiple of these. I'd want. So you've got the oral route or go to mast route, but I'd want. Don't forget you think it is so early in the game. You've got plenty of time to play with over stuff out later today. Yeah, if you added one and he did what he said that last six weeks, I'd go with Annavar personally. That way, because an oral is going to kick in faster, give him more effect. He's only talking 20 milligrams, so it's not that much at all. If he added mast, E, I would add the mast E in now. I'm just adding it in straight away, man. That way, run that as long as possible for, because he's only taking 200 tests. So if it's 200 tests, I'd add in 200 mast and 400 milligrams total hormone. I'd run that for the rest of the cycle if that were my. But I don't think he needs to do anything at all, even. I mean, he could even run a little bit more test. Yeah, he could still be telling a lot. He's got a lot of room there. Yeah, I'm with you though, man. No need for training. And I would try to hold off on training as long as possible, honestly. Yeah, I agree. All right, Dave, you have anything new going on with things? Loads of things, yeah, those are things. I thought you might. Yeah. Oh, and tell me what happened to your Instagram? No, that we've actually perhaps, I knew this before, because we changed way up and very much. So it means to gram I add two black marks for posts. One was a trend video. What did you do? No, I just put a video up about trend and they pulled it and said, basically, this was Bad content, I appealed it as educational and they refused the appeal. Huh. And then there was another one, kind of what that was. Same scenario. And then we put an adult for the bed course. And they flag that as promote in use. You're under their watchful eye now. Yeah, it was. So again, I feel that as this is an educational course, teach and teach about arms and management and socialite and well, the thing is you don't get to say anything. You just get to say that you disagree and then you've got to show you, so what are the five reasons you disagree. And then a couple of options of what it may be. And that's it. You know, you don't get the actual opportunities. So I don't know if it's because when when Tony does the post, she she puts everything in wordbanners as well. So I don't know if we're putting a word in this triggering. It could be or it's the verbal. But anyway, so what it's going to be is a band me from live for a year. For from live, you can't do it in the guy in lives. Not cut to insuralize for a year. Why? The band me from messages for three days. Oh, four days. Yeah, that's a hard life and I will accept my punishment. Mercifully. And it's interesting. So yeah, it's it. Now I say it, but it's just a pain, really, because obviously I get quite a lot of Instagram messages and people are automatically assuming you're going to ignore them out there. Yeah. And that's how you. And then what we got coming on so evil has quite a lot of changes. So from the first to September, we will be working with Rumbdocks. So new UCAS lab. And it same test will still be there. The reports will change. So you'll now get a result. You'll now get what's known as a scale bar report, which is like a slider with all the explanations. And then you'll get a summary report, which is our interpretation of your results. And advice about what you can do, etc. Yeah. So the scale bar will hopefully satisfy those at one a bit more tech info. And then the summary will still be very easily consumable language so that people can still, you know, understand what it's actually telling them to do. Yeah. And then we see the introduction of about 25, 20, 25 more tests, including IGF1 and some genetic cancer market testing. And some advancement on prostate testing and stuff like that. Okay. How about sensitive E2? No, I tried not available. I was a real pain. The thing is we don't actually get asked for it that much. And the only labs that do it, it's like a three week turnaround, and it is very expensive. So there just isn't the demand for the labs to do it at a cost effective price, which is not in, but it is what it is. So yeah. So that's, we're also looking at expanding our sites through the collaboration. So what we'll be able to do is people can go to any run-doc site, which is 50 of. Yeah. And do our blogs through there. Oh, okay. So you don't even have to do the draw then? No, but there is a slight increase in cost because run-docs. So in our price breakdown, we obviously, we have the test costs, then we have the cost for the full bonus. Right. And then there's the report that we do it as a single price, so we don't do it. Some companies do a mess at on. So you have the test price, then you have to get the full bonus, which is an extra cost, etc. Yeah. And on top of that, you have the fundox charge, you're more than we charge for our flooded. So unfortunately, if you use a run-doc site, it will be a 10 pound search charge, just to cover the extra cost of the flooding. But that's it. And then we're also looking at postal as well. But that won't go. You're looking at what? Postal. Oh, okay. I don't like postal. I don't like the control being in the consumer, and that's no disrespect to consumers, but they're not always great. A caring for the bloodstress, but we constantly get at it. So I'm trying to say this, if there's a way of implementing it in a minimal negative, you know, possibly the way you say that we don't get too many problems from people, just not understanding what they need to do with those blood samples once they're made. What I'll never do is finger brick. So it will be vial drawer, which means they will still have to go and find a football, Mr. Duke, blood drawer. So it might be, we don't go that way. Yeah, I don't know. We'll see what happens when we introduce the new 50-round exercise. And you got a new pad's course coming up? Because probably the first Thursdays that you said, I'm actually sorting out the dates today and tomorrow. Okay. So reach out to Dave, and they can't hit you up on it. Well, by the time they see this, they will be in Monday. They'll be able to message you on Instagram. Unless I do as a mouse wrong. Yeah, unless Dave screws up again. Hey, are you Instagram verified? I don't know what to. Okay. Do you have the blue checkmark? I don't know. I'm a little... Yeah, let's see. Does that help? I don't know. I mean, I feel like it might. It does help you to recover your account if you get your account taken. I don't think I am. Okay. Well, maybe that would be something, well, two late now. You already kind of got in trouble there. Yeah, that would be nice. Yeah, that would be nice. Oh, I see you have... Do you have two? You have two accounts? I see Dave's gym tips. No, that's not me. I don't think it is. Dave's gym tips. And it's got like current clients. When's your latest post from? It looks like it's your clients. Oh, that's not about you. Is that about you? Is that about you? Uh, it just... No, it's actually not you. It's linked to us. Hi. I'll send this to you, man. Somebody is faking you. They've got your profile. And it's called Dave's gym tips. And it says fitness coach with over 25 years experience in the world of body building and PED use, Crossline, Harmony Ducction Services. Oh, drugs and stuff linked below. The podcast linked below. And then it's got a link to a website that's not yours. So it just copied my profile by so... Yeah. Yeah. And it's got all your content too. There's a picture... There's a video of me and you together. Uh, yeah. We should report these guys. Yeah, some alien. We've got a bunch of stuff like that. I've had people impersonating me in selling gear and me showing up on gear pages and all that. Man, and you would think it was mine based off of like just this. It's like, oh, Dave's got a gear site here, huh? You know, it sort of looks like anyway. We appreciate everybody tuning in. I'll text it to you after the show. I don't want to get too specific on the podcast. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Guys, we appreciate you tuning in to another episode. Reach out to Dave to get involved with the PEDs Education course. And of course, for coaching. And you can reach out to me and make the Ali Dieds at jamele.com. Thank you to our advertisers, Strongest Sports Nutrition. True Nutrition.com user code thinks supplementsource.ca for Canadians. Patreon. You guys are awesome and evalblut analysis.com. Check out eval for a bunch of new blood tests guys. For another episode of the podcast, we'll see you soon. Thanks, Dave. Pleasure.