Yeah, the way I'm approaching this is drugs that are easy to manage. Yeah. Or drugs that have low negative impacts. I mean, really, you could use anything, but realistically, if somebody wanted to come to me and they're like, hey, I run 150 tests per week. If we simply went to 300 tests, 300 masks, the guaranteed, you're going to have a heck of a time. You know, we could run a cycle like that for 12 weeks. And you can continue to look better and better through due to lack of August. You guys are the best, like two brothers who argue, but still have each other's back and love each other. Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! Dude, dude, dude, dude, dude! You're my mom! What's up, guys? Welcome back to the podcast with Dave Crosslin. I'm Scott McNally and all of our programming is brought to you by you. The people of Patreon Thank you very much for your support. I think we have a couple of Patreon questions today There's your famous yon everybody you're waiting for it We're brought to you by strong sports and Trisha go to strumsports.com and you can get some great health stacks Especially for your encycl and you're in the UK then you're gonna need to check out strum and if you're in the UK Get your lab work done by Dave go to evalbloodanalysis.com Definitely if you're on cycle or not you need to see what your labs are and Dave can help you with that Because the NHS from what I understand doesn't really do a lot for you guys So I'll check out SupplementSource.ca for Canadians. They have great deals that do change from week to week So keep checking back with them and of course true nutrition dot com I get all my protein powder my creatine and my collagen from them every month and I pay for it Just like you guys I use the code though code think to get a discount and of course that helps to support our programming Dave we got a bunch of stuff we had a lot of comments last week we'll talk about those I know you've got a shout out. We're gonna get back into cars so we're talking this is when we talk blood with like Drugs and stuff. This is more like like the gear of our other show blood sweat and gear But a different kind of gear so we've got some gear heads that want to tune in and hear you talk about Supernup your truck And I know you got some shout outs too. We're gonna actually look at a website at the end From these guys here in Michigan that are doing some cool stuff with cars But we have a lead topic Well, of course we have your listener questions comment with new questions. We'll get to him next time The lead topic though is last week we did the worst Steroids for average Jim Bros and we talked about all the things you wouldn't want to take in why we talked a little bit about What would be a great cycle for your average Jim bro and what good compounds would be but we didn't get into it deeply So today the best cycles for average Jim Bros Hollywood Dave over here. He guys for you guys. He's not on a video Audio listeners Dave has got sunglasses with him today Yes, and explain why it's gone Because you think you're that cool right no because I broke my glasses and These are the well I have these that are prescription which means I can see shit Yeah, and then I have a overpowered pair that I use for drawing which then that close vision of Scott's face It's just not I'm not ready for that listen how how good can you see right now without your glasses You're blur it okay how many fingers in my hold no I can see that you freaking okay. I'm just testing you how about now That man You're right, too. That's good very good Dave It's the messages the chat. I struggle with okay, so all right, man You know last week we talked about why you wouldn't want to take certain compounds as an average Jim bro That wasn't doing a competition because Competition is all about trying to look a certain way for one hour of one day It's really just an illusion really Versus what we're trying to do for non-competitors is Create a look and maintain that look be able to hold that long term like hey I want to get in great shape for the summer and look ripped It's not just one day. That's like hey We're gonna try to ride this out for 12 weeks you know or You know the opposite trying to gain as much muscle as possible, which I think there's less variation between Contest Brett or excuse me between competitors and non-competitors in the offseason, you know what I mean? Because we can all do the same things to grow Yeah, but if you're looking at stuff on the milder side You know so people are looking at a I'm probably a more Health to reward balance this a little bit more health Tip than I would say test because it is just so well tolerated in general. Yeah, must Master I'd take it a step further and say mast e yeah, yeah, I'd stay away from fast like this Unless there's a genuine need to have it that's sort of level of finite controller I'd stay away from fast like doesn't go long-est this yeah, so test E or C mast E And then the only thing I had considered as a fast act in if you were sort of looking for more size would probably be MPP No no long acting daca If you're talking the health reward ratio aspect, I think I'd stay away from Deka you'd favor NPP over Daca Just for sure I exposure to yeah, so if I was say I was If I was looking at somebody was a bodybuilder and wanted to gain serious size then I would be all over test and Deka You know I love it. You know I have a big fan of it, but there's no denying And it seems to be a more prevalent problem these days that there's more and more people struggling to cope with Deka Yeah, from a mental aspect I've never had an issue in that sense But it seems to be someone that's coming up more and more common So if I was looking for a low impact in from a health aspect so a low risk cycle for someone off season Who trains Because he enjoys it wants to bit a bit more size on once a look of it bigger for the V Then I'd probably basically around test mass With MPP, but I wouldn't even do MPP for the full cycle. I'd do it for a section of the cycle Okay, that that way if there are any you know issues around mood depression coming in It's quick out. There's no hassle easy to get rid of It does generally seem to be better tolerated than Deka for people that are a little bit sensitive And I think that's just because total plasma Levels are gonna be slightly on the lower side with MPP Okay, so I could see what you're saying. I mean just to reiterate what we said last week too It's not as if we're saying that you can't you know Anything that you wanted to use but it's a matter of there are I think a lot of people who are just looking to get Something a little bit extra, you know, they're not looking to do like hey I'm not trying to become you know the next Nick Walker. I just you know I want to try to gain a little bit more extra muscle in my T or T When I do something a little bit more than that, but also like I don't want to sacrifice my health So I think and I can see where you're coming from how MPP wouldn't be quite as big of a commitment as Getting into Deka. Let me ask you this. Let's take a guy on T or T What about Orals? What about Maybe just eight weeks of adding in some Enervar at a low dose yeah, the way I'm approaching this is drugs that are easy to manage Yeah, or drugs that have low Negative impacts and a bit of people go to one about Primo you know my thoughts on Primo But also Primo is actually not that simple to manage because of the HDL adalctoration It does actually make things a little bit more complex and also because it is such an effective AI It can actually drive East region too low so It's not it's not a harsh compound but its management is actually a little bit more complex than people Sort of realize that I personally feel anyway From an oral point of view Low debol is tried and tested it does present a high level of East region management Okay, if you're only going to be running 10 milligrams you might not have such an issue But if you're going to start getting sort of 30 milligrams of above Then we're going to see some issues in management complexity there so that might not be for everyone Yeah, and a Var is a good choice T ball is a good choice Winstrel is well Though there is obviously the potential joints in sort of older people so I'd probably stay away from Winstrel for older gentlemen But I think if you're below four you'll probably tolerate it quite well I'll tell you what I would think here's my thought process on it I would think okay Winstrel does have a specific look but if we could use mast instead and you know what I mean get a hardening DHT effect from that I would personally want to opt for that for the health purposes for health reasons You know it's not gonna be a stressful in the liver. It's not gonna be quite as hard on your cholesterol You know But yeah, I think and about he ball let's do very good choices Yeah, talking about an oral addition to the T. I'd say yeah, he very good choices You could use those to either grow or to cut really yeah, yeah And they've got a nice performance boost as well. Presently with T ball you know if you're an athletic individual You're looking more for a performance sort of approach where you you want to improve a sport performance than T ball is a very good choice That was well yeah One thing that we didn't mention last week on our our topic of like the worst, you know steroids for Jim Bros Was insulin and somebody brought up What about managing insulin as a non-competitor? I honestly I don't have a problem using it with a non-competitor if they're interested in it But you know I generally use insulin in a and a really Controls specific fashion, you know But I wouldn't have a problem putting it in with a non-competitor my caveat to that is is that you would really just want to know what you're doing I would consider it to be somewhat of an advanced compound of understanding how half-life's work and stuff, you know I think the other thing with insulin is you're only gonna get Something out of it if you are really More on point with diet and training and etc. Yeah, I think for the average person insulin increases or insulin additions Not really get a yield much for them You're um Maybe help with somebody who's struggling with appetite and that side of things potentially But also if you're gonna use it regularly you need to be super consistent with your calorie intake as well So there's all those things to consider so It's it's not something that I think is off-balance from a risk element I think it's more a case of You've got to be on point to get anything from it so it's maybe Not gonna be as beneficial as people think You know that the days of oil insulin is the most animal it compound you can use and I signed up to that in the early days as well And you know High dose and everything else with discuss this in the past it does has Have a dramatic effect on the look But it's not something that's sustainable So I think if you're looking at cycles there are easy to manage on complex and We'll work around somebody you I'm not training today because I've got to work late or I've missed a meal so I've grabbed a burger Yeah, you know Then I wouldn't be looking at insulin in that sort of scenario of a person I'd agree with you I'd agree with you and it's not because like once again. It's not like well you don't deserve to use it Yeah, it's not okay keeping you're just not gonna get anything out of it. Yeah, and it might actually be a negative If your diet isn't nailed right you mean because you can get fat using insulin as well so oh, yeah, yeah, yeah That I agree and obviously the insulin resistance side of things becomes most significant if somebody's already got a poor diet control Yeah, yeah, most average Jim Bros could stand to get leaner Then they do you know the one thing about competition is competition forces you. It's an outside catalyst that forces you to like Step your game up and in general people are going to take their physique further and get leaner if they are Competing then they would otherwise Versus if you're you know just going to the gym more casually and maybe you aren't as a hundred percent Committed then yeah, I could definitely see insulin is not being Huge benefit if anything improving your insulin sensitivity would be you know getting leaner would be getting more out of your own natural insulin and And you know running some some gear with that I would say a real basic type low What's the word that we're we're looking for low commitment cycle would be like you said initially just Increasing the test you know you take it because we have a lot of guys where like I'm on tier T what should I do with this if you're taking a hundred and fifty test So and I'll say it this way Dave that testosterone is it is a Unhormone that exists in our body and it's also a drug you know if we take extra vitamin C We just pee that vitamin C out we don't like utilize 10 times the amount of vitamin C that everybody's can handle but what's a testosterone on the other hand It'll just keep building and building and you will get a stronger effect So your TRT is doing one thing but when we push you into that super physiological range You know with your levels. Let's say you went to 300 or 400 even 500 test It's going to be a completely different animal than what your doctor has prescribed It is yes I also One drug that we haven't touched on and I actually think works quite well in this this conversation is EQ Yeah, and you know, I'm not a big fan of EQ but though it does cause bleficemen It's easy to manage it's not a complex management process. He's not anything you really need to balance blood get thick Don't eat blood job dog. You know, it's so simple that it's not You know I'm in the time balance estrogen levels or try and balance products in levels. You just it's thick get rid of some that's it Yeah, have you heard of EQ becoming more popular in the UK as of late? Not particularly though I have actually I've actually given it to a few people not given it given it in cycle plums In cycle plums before you Stop I'm sorry spores but where's me? What the heck are you doing there, Dave? What is that green tea green tea? You're drinking green tea. It looks very thin freshly brewed mate that's the onion in the mel thing in the bomb. Oh, okay. Does that make with your water? That's made with Yorkshire water with Japanese green tea All right, I'm trying to think what else we we haven't covered here And I think though the main take home point is is that you know that What is maintainable what is not the the biggest commitment and and what can you get the most out of? I mean really you could use anything but Realistically if somebody wanted to come to you know came to me and they're like hey I run 150 tests per week if we simply went to 300 tests 300 masked Guarantea you're gonna have a heck of a time. You know, especially with the right diet getting into shape and Let's say that you start that cycle now in the middle of May You know we can run a cycle like that for 12 weeks and you can continue to look better and better You know through June July August No, I agree Would like to make a request though of those that are less experienced with unabulled Please what's that? Please learn milligrams. Yes, there is that What do you mean by this? I mean drugs are dosed in milligrams not milliliters Yeah, there is nothing more frustrating than having a conversation with someone about their drug usage When they talk in mills constantly and it's like it doesn't actually mean anything Learn to speak in milligrams Um it will be better for you in the long run Yeah, it's a thing there there there was and I guess that that sums it up. We talked about or else We talked about Different compounds that you could use and really you could use any of them But I do think the ones we mentioned in listen I'll put premo in this group I know you're not a fan of premo. I think part of that is the overuse of premo lately But hey, I think you can have a a great cycle with it But you know as you mentioned estrogen management you got to pay attention and whether you're a Competitor or not I want to know where your estrogen is sitting after the gear builds up You know what I mean? Do we have to manage this in any way as it too low as it too high? I want to be able to always have that in a place that's gonna be as healthy as possible for you You know I think one of the things that begins premo is not the drug. It's the fact that it's regarded as this safe drug that doesn't need any consideration Yeah, and and that's not the case There are some considerations to be need and actually it's not a dangerous drug You know, it's not we're not talking to drug that has potential that renders. Yeah, not in the slightest But there is some management that can create some problems if you're not aware of it Which is much less likely to occur with the other compounds that we've discussed? Yeah, yeah, I feel like that's always the case that that's my fear too that when things get swung so far and to wonder I mean because people used to look at AI is the same way right people used to look at a Rimmidox Is what you just take a bunch of a Rimmidox and they didn't factor that in as being you know any relevance to your health It was just like what you just did you know you just know big deal. It's cheap. You take it I Think that there's an element of that happening now with some of the mitochondrial enhancers You know people are across the board like oh, I want to enhance mitochondria. I didn't know I needed to but yeah Now that I know I want to do that and I'm a big fan of that stuff of course SLU has been a game changer for me, but there is How would you put it Dave there's there's like waste product from The work that mitochondria does like mitochondria generates energy and as a result there's reactive oxidate What is it? Reaccidate reactive oxygen species and And that's basically like free radicals, you know, we have I'm sure good with the big words So if you're struggling with them, I'm definitely struggling with them So I'm not even gonna attempt it to fit. Yeah, I though I'm always I've always run by a caveat when it comes to antibiotics Well, all performance in image Johnson drugs and this may be a little bit basic, but I serve me well I've not always listened to it in fact sometimes I've done right ignored it but I Was once taught actually in America many many moons ago in an economic lesson that there are no three school meals Yeah, everything in life has a price and I believe this is very true of antibiotics and it needs to take particular consideration when you're discussing stuff like research Cames and developmental drugs. Yeah, so there's always a price Sometimes that price is fair Sometimes it is not and so I would always be wary if you don't know the cost I'd always be cautious around drugs that you don't know the negative cost that they're gonna imply because they're always will be that to some degree Yeah, and And so that's the only thing that I've been wary of so you know when it comes to new development compounds I am always probably overcoursious and I think I'm probably overcoursious more because I'm Advising of a people and what they're gonna do Yeah, and so I feel like a height and responsibility that if I mess it up It doesn't matter if I mess me up. I live with the consequences But yeah, it's you know there's a lot of stuff come out about the GLP ones and such And a lot of it to be fair is misuse of the Decompound rather than the compound itself sure, but the pancreatis type stuff and the pancreatic problems they are Not really designed around misuse. They are but it does only affect about one to two percent of users But so there are some genuine issues around some of this drug use that we we Free hold quite Reddly at the moment is being safe to use Agreed guys. I gotta take a break to do the whole like sure subscribe thing, but I also want to say thank you to you The internet's kind of a weird place, in case you didn't know and I'm glad that we've put the community together That we have I'm grateful to read your comments in fact. I know a lot of youtubers that don't read comments I read all of them and I try to get back to everybody so if you comment I will see it and I'll try to get back to you also the like button is Absolutely free a charge. You don't have to pay anything to hit it and it does help us out of ton It's not gonna like push us into your algorithm But it will help other people to hopefully find the show So if you like our stuff, please try to help us out. All right listen We have a bunch of listener questions. We had some comments to in the live stream Cardavor muscle is with us. He said hey guys. I just became an uncle Go grab that you're gonna stick him now. He's like uncle Dave What that oh blind We did have a bunch of listener questions you guys are welcome to comment with questions And we will do our best to get them on the next show All right, I'm gonna start from the top here Love the show guys you guys are the best like two brothers who argue but still heavy Chothers back and love each other. They do The overall word might as be acceptable like like but love Scott could you please ask Dave How much is too much when it comes to importing gear into the UK like what's the limit on orals or injectables before your in trouble? Also since he's making a court appearance I'd hope that he was more organized there than he is on the show with his advice Not you not usually Not usually I've turned up with a wrong report and also so before now That's a nightmare. Yes, so So I actually try to get rid of that job. I've got to do because it's not really worth doing but yeah anyway To the to the to the to how much the there is not all importation well If you're importing it in the sense of your bringing it your post in it in All importation of steroids to the UK has been illegal since 2012. Oh, okay here If you're bringing it in on your person There is no real guidelines It just says personal use and You need to be realistic about this and not start saying well I've got 20-tops of deba that's personal use fuck off. I really like deba that they're dumb, but they're not quite that dumb So you've got a bit a little bit sensible. Oh, I'm built by for me and me makes that's called social supply That is illegal as well. Yeah, so You know, there isn't really a guideline the medicines act. I think and I'm spit ball in here But I think it's something like 277 pounds of value that the allowed you to bring in medication for personal use But there is no guideline for antibiotics The other thing is if you get stopped at border Yeah, it's down to individual border control officer They're unlikely to have any knowledge them more than likely to Confiscate the drugs in the first instance and then you'd have to go through a lengthy process of arguing your case before they agreed or disagree He does to whether it was Within the realms of personal use or not Then you could apply to get it back. It is complex. It can be costly So it is a little bit difficult It's not something they're openly looking for I won't say hundreds but large numbers of people have known over the years that brought antibiotics back with no problems whatsoever But if you were to get stopped there is going to be an interesting conversation if you've got anything more than 10 vials And And like I said it's unlikely the officer stopping you is going to know So generally what they'll do is confiscate everything and then salt the mess out later on down on that Lane I've even seen seizure cases with the police where the police have taken steroids off someone so they've done a routine traffic stop decided to do a car search found Five or six miles a test and they've taken it and then they've provisionally charged them with intent to supply steroids Oh He then goes through the process to the Crown Prosecutes of the service who decide whether there's a case to answer and it's been decided There is no case to answer Now technically that property should be returned to that individual right but I know a couple of police forces that their few is That they can't return the drugs because that'd be cluster supply now personally I think that's absolutely bullshit and I think they're incredibly wrong with that and I've argued with them and said you're way out of line That's personal property is possession is not illegal Then you're giving them about their personal property is not criminal offense They've argued I know foils in lines with supply which fucking doesn't But you'd need a court case to establish some case law how about if they just like sacked it on the counter And they turned their back I mean and maybe it's not there when they turn around some police forces will say you can have it back But we need a um on order from a court from a judge which means you then have to get a court day To get a judge to go. Yeah, you can have your gear back Which you can entertain to the police so yeah, it's rare it's return It does happen but it all depends on the individual police force on the officers involved all right We got a bunch of them how about this one? It says from Koa Monster He says uh wood taking IGF LR3 before bed be dangerous I heard it can make you go hypos if so When should you take it for max growth? I've always used it around training I'd never used I wouldn't I don't know why you would want to take it before bed There is an insulin like affect to it IGF insulin like growth factor and I have seen my blood sugar go down I do think that there is an insulin like effect for storage to meaning that Using it pre-workout you generally do get better pumps Yeah, I don't think it's particularly effective But it would depend on you know where you're going to bed with a meal on board where you're going to bed in what Bewigadas are set me fast as stay etc etc what you're in takes being for the day Lots of things would play into it. Yeah, but it does it does seem I'm assuming what they're considering is that I've had can raise IGF on levels during the night I'm literally gonna grow while I sleep You're not gonna push IGF levels up anywhere near high enough to create unsupport a growth From it so that ain't gonna happen so I would stick to it as Feel good factor for a training yeah, yeah, I remember and I think there's a lot of variation in IGF LR3 The first time I had ever used it it was not Nearly as available as it is now and Dave I had the most interesting reaction Within like three or four days of starting it all the pores in my face just shrink and disappeared Like my skin changed it was weird man like you could not see a single pore in my face and then it last Until about like six weeks after it was over I had like this crazy glow and that was this one run one Billogram of IGF and I never had that experience again We'll get your files from other companies. I've got this image you may have now right of you to a yellow jaw and your face couldn't That's the green right all my lemon yeah I just can't get out yet now All right, we'll see if we can do in post production with that Uh How long can you safely run anavar at 20 milligrams a day with T or T how long were a break would you need before running it again Running it for extremely high SHBG a tried providing in the past but it didn't touch it Okay Probably longer than we think in reality Your labs right yeah, I mean I would have said I Wouldn't be what he'd about sort of 10 to 12 weeks if you've got a test base because my main concern around anavar is low each engine rather than the liver stressin But you'd need to keep an eye on your liver and just see how your body's coping with it I know also how it's affecting stomach There's an issue around there as well But yeah, I mean it's probably longer than we think to be fair You would think he's obviously lipids you're gonna have to keep an eye on lipids as well because it's gonna promote LDL It's gonna lower HDL yeah, so as an order it's quite an nasty one for lipids, but 10 20 milligrams dose and he's not super high either Yeah, so Yes, it's funny. I wonder if you could get away with even less for SHBG alone like what did he's only looking at SHBG? He may find that once he's initially dose he can bring it down a bit yeah I wonder too has he tried boron? I mean just looking for something and I'm not saying don't use anavar. I'm just saying that if you're looking for a long-term solution that you can do Year-round I wonder if boron would be of benefit Or a rum of test yeah, okay my test that'll help yeah, yeah 12 milligrams of boron that's a red start and I'd be curious five milligrams of anavar that does work It usually comes in six Here it does at least that's what that the ones I've gotten are around that so or the or three I've seen oh I was always gonna say 10 normal but just slightly about like 10 15, but yeah, I just wanted to waste it to Yeah, um I try that first and if you did the end of our I'd see what you could do like try it for a month at 10 right And then get your labs done see what's happening. Are you getting improvement yet? You know something like that and then another month and then labs and another month him watch your HGL just crumble before your eyes Before we have to stop Yeah, I mean you are out because it becomes just about HDL management Not that I think you can offset it massively but it will it will help a little bit Oh, let's see here Oh, I'm jealous I had a coffee every before we started though, so I'm good American coffee Last week America's renowned for growing good coffee trees Our coffee's not nearly as good as yours. I will give you that Wait right now for growing good coffee trees as well How did you get the lump down from your friends trend last week? I mentioned I took a shot of Somebody else's trend right before the show left me a big old fat lump on my glue I didn't that was the spoiler alert. You once you get that lump You're not going to be able to completely get it down Time is the number one thing. I mean you can use a hot compress getting a little bit of like in a glue You could do some like cardio to help get some blood flow in there Also N-Seds might be beneficial but I mean if you take a bad shot on on a Wednesday before the show It's just going to keep swelling right up till Saturday. It's going to be hard to control and I don't know about taking a bunch of N-Seds while you're loading everything else into a contest, you know So tomorrow the story showed needs to not cover it that I neighbors trend Yeah, that's the truth man lesson learned Question for the next show what are the best health supplements? What health supplements you guys suggest will On cycle Oh, that's them they misspelled that word he meant while on cycle No, whilst is a word It's pronounced well, it's pronounced well Wilds there is pronounced whilst you are on cycle is English is correct You're just an American and don't know how to speak proper languages I you guys say I don't think that's right you tell us come in below Oh, well, right you're talk We've got ever growing forward I Man, the little right I would look at some sort of HDL support I would look at probably around the ground my life is so more vitamin C as an antioxidant I would probably look Some sort of fish oil personally up for crale juts the improved bio availability but you know It's not the end of the world such as burger mart And then you start getting into more specifics, you know Are you wanting to support your your liver because you may be on an oral or have an oral and the cycle so you look at some of my TDCA You could also look at knack specific says in like what your body needs personally Yes, but also specific simulation to what your cycle is that's what I'm saying like your individual situation So you know, I mean if you're using all rules you're gonna be more leaning towards some liver support A straddogist We look at the fire on both good for kidney support depending if we have concerns around there So a lot of it depends on on your compound choices, but I think as a base level You need to manage Blood thickness you can do that fruit supplementation or you can do that fruit look letting you need to also cardio to an extent You need to manage lipid adulforation You need to manage blood pressure now that might be through a supplement that might be through cardio that might be through a medication and Note that one difference between actually Specified a medication rather than a supplementation yeah, um So and then really beyond that it's more specific effects for you um Yeah, and a body exam really gonna trigger anything else specifically, but you might find a reduction in vet D That's always useful to support when you're on cycle yeah Creatinines sort of creating creatines also always gonna be a useful addition when you're on cycle How about uh Product what's bullmarks Max, so the most is a nice old round of Coins on 10 is another nice addition for health yeah, Tanya is with us she mentioned that I'm a fan of ubiquitous all You know more bio-available version and I I started that a few years ago I ran it up to a high dose because it also helps with breathing I managed to get up to 600 milligrams per day which is an expensive supplement so I mean it was like $60 a month at that price for good quality you bigger because I could tell the difference if I got cheap stuff It didn't give me the best seen breathing effect. I think this is funny you mentioned that because I think this is an issue I had this conversation with our last couple of days ago There's lots of supplements that have products in that have shown to improve x-y said Yeah, but there's lots of supplements in products in that have from jf weather But aren't an effective dose And when you start learning effective dosing of these supplements it can get very expensive very quickly yeah So You know it's very easy to get lost in the world of supplements and end up with a shopping list of products And an extremely high bill every month that May not be giving you the benefit you think it is just simply because you don't need it a hundred percent of Green man I can't count how many times somebody's come to work with me and they are literally on a list of 15 supplements Just because you know, they're like we've got milk fissile and AC glue to thion It's like all those things and and then yeah, there's nothing wrong with you know Lifer support right I like I'm all for that, but if you don't need it Yeah, if you don't need it at this time is it absolutely necessary to be spending that additional $100 a month and you know three or four different products Not send it a couple of miles a test for God sake. I mean come on Yeah, I could be running a grand more hey speaking of which so last week we had that question and this is an example of somebody who didn't know milligrams or milliliters Patriot guy asked us 20 milligrams of anovar a day with two grams of test So he got back to me and he was like oh I meant and so he still got it wrong bless his heart. He said I meant two milligrams Meaning one milligrams twice a week so that he made two mil yeah, yeah He meant two milliliters So he was gonna take 400 tests which I feel a lot more confident with now That yeah, that was that was that was it. You know he's like yeah I think the analogy I use the time was as like having the big amount meal in it with a diet coke situation It's yeah, that makes a lot more sense All right Hi guys love for the show and been watching for a long time lots of interesting info I have a question for the next show hopefully How it does HG let's how much does exogenous HGH shut down natural production and when you stop are there any negatives or Natural production afterwards in your opinion I'm not aware of any long-term suppressive factors Yeah, I mean the regular system is the simplest this HCH goes up your body stops producing it's the simplest that yeah But it does seem to be quite instantaneous As soon as the HCH drops your body starts to kick you back in This is one of the reasons why a lot of people are adopted and every other day protocol or a break protocol in HCH Use so that you force your natural system to do something There was a time when people were doing HCH one day and then secretos the next day Was this agree to dogs or have you there you go you did fuck it Why do you want to say it GH stimulating products that are getting increased your natural production for the second day and then back to the GH for the third day Yeah, so you know there's been all sorts of protocols developed over the years around the fact that it is suppressive but I have no knowledge of any one permanently stopping natural GH production from the use of GH at all yes The thyroid is another thing that's quite robust but I have seen some very rare cases of people having permanent thyroid suppression But I would suspect that that's due to an underlying sensitivity issue Genetic problem rather than the actual use of thyroid medicine cells Yeah, all right. I've got one here I wanted to make sure we got on we missed it last week. He said Scott the following comment on the last episode got 17 likes That's how popular it was and I thought I would bring it up again Like promised okay, he says high Scott on a recent episode with Dave you guys said one milligrams of aromatex purchased over the counter. I don't know what he means by that daily is too much for 600 milligrams of test and a thousand IU of Hcg if someone aromatexes that much on day kind of moderate dose doesn't mean that they can build muscle more efficiently Needless to say test to get to optimize Astridile my point is whether someone who aromatexes so crazy Can get away with 400 milligrams of test while others need a thousand milligrams of test to have the same aromatex your biggest fan on YouTube Thanks for sharing your knowledge. I'm a little bit confused. I may be assuming incorrectly here We know that estrogen plays are all in growth and health and support and everything else. We know it needs to be managed not obliterated But we know obviously as it goes higher create starts a great negative impacts If someone's a higher aromatex are they after them work harder to control that estrogen be that fruit drug selection I picking less aromatex in compounds and going more down to HD roots or compounds aromatex That less array like say something like Dekka or they run higher levels of AIs Higher level of AIs are obviously gonna have some negative impacts and it's a trade off between that and the negative impacts of higher higher estrogen These asking is someone who's a higher aromatex are gonna grow better On lower doses because they hire a higher aromatex are not necessarily no I would say if someone has a high tolerance of elevated estrogen They're probably gonna be prone to better progress Yeah, not just the fact because basically if you're a fatful like me you could use very high levels of estrogen That isn't necessarily gonna promote my growth now the caveat that is for me I have a very high toleration of estrogen So I do believe that has been instrumental in me being able to get as big as I got But the fact that I aromatize Not so much the fact that I tolerate yes and I've got those clients that have estrogen problems Just on T.R.T because they carry high levels of body fat and as a result they can fit a high rate So I don't think a high conversion is beneficial to growth But I do think a high tolerance is beneficial to growth Okay, yeah, I'm with you. I don't think that The high conversion has anything to do with in a positive way with you know In fact, you know what Dave I would say if for a guy like that because if you remember it was a few weeks ago We had a guy who said like you know 600 tests and I'm taking a 1mg of aromatex every day You know to control it. I think that he might be in a much better position to use a compound like the famous Test in Primo together, you know what I mean because that's just a lot of AI to be pounding I would think even a lower test with another compound that isn't going to aromatize could be a good move Or even not aromatize at that right yeah, he cute might be good for him Yeah, but then she got from because we got 20% conversion Yeah, you know and then obviously you go into your DHT as well. So there's definitely a big scope there, but yeah, I think there comes a point Where it's like come on now, you know This just isn't working try a different route you you you're creating more work than a needs to be when there are alternatives and and that's the thing it's It's picking the right tool to suit your circumstances in your individuality and You know there's a list of drugs that we might look at and go well there optimal for where I want to achieve But they're going to get knocked off depending on your own personal tolerances and it might be that you end up going for a less optimal route on paper But it's more optimal for you because of your unique responses to the drugs I'm so someone aromatizing at that level is quite unique, you know, it's not not an everyday occurrence Why hello I wanted to do something different with my turn nutrition advertising it for today And here's the thing I just got our order in Victorian I we pay for all the protein that we get they don't send us anything for free and that's because I've believed in turn nutrition for 15 years now I've been using them ever since I contest proud they have some of the cleanest best quality protein A lot of times I use the team skip but here's the deal. I'm going back to the pure way isolate The pure way isolate it just just processes so fast this is my favorite flavor chocolate peanut butter cup But if you want to try just like one pound at a time you can do that just sample it I've never had the cookie butter. So I'm gonna try the cookie butter this week. I got Big old bag a pre protein isolate for the wife. This is what she likes to use and here's the thing They're just about wholesale prices at true nutrition plus they don't add the flavoring when they weigh it So you get like legit one pound of protein and then from there they add the flavor after that So every one pound I think it's like one point two I'm not sure don't quote me on that but hey here's the thing the true nutrition is a great quality protein They believe it us they Amortize with us because I literally ask them to and if you use our code think you'll get some additional savings plus of course That's like voting for our podcast. So thank you guys. I hope you enjoyed my my impromptu ad goodbye All right since testosterone promotes health healing and recovery Would it be logical that a higher level of testosterone Reduce his recovery time and wound healing time if this is so Then a person on TRT at 150 milligrams should see significant healing muscle repair and recovery time at 300 milligrams as compared to the level he would have gotten at 150 So a total level of 2000 test level should be better for recovery than a level of 900 Is this significant enough to warrant a short blast after an injury or surgery? What are your thoughts? We've kind of talked about this before you know overall first of all it's not linear in the same way that Grove from drug dosenies not linear There's even been research showing that there is an open limit Where drug dosenies starts to tough out so that's definitely not the case So if you go from 250 to 500 milligrams You're not gonna get the same increase in progress going from 500 to a thousand or a thousand to 2000 as you start to jump significantly higher increases You're not getting significantly higher growth So that's one As you increase those you increase stress factors So that's two and three it also depends on the injury you're looking to recover from So Certain soft tissue there may be some benefit but it's not gonna be that dramatically increased There is a point where Drug dosing is a medication and then there is a point where it becomes cow a productive and that is a linear scale of dose Um, they all say another difference between a meditation and a poison is dose is very very true and it falls into this very definitely Having a good healthy test level or maybe slightly above healthy test level is gonna promote recovery in Grove. Yes From injury to a point but the mechanisms aren't quite the same you're not Retary muscle tissue in the quite the same way But going beyond that is not gonna want anything to recover rate though there are certain compounds on a Barbie one of them There are gonna add significant amount to recovery But are gonna present a lot of secondary health risks Yeah, and of our Nandrolone Equipoise was it be the three I would look at for increased collagen synthesis Now if he had a issue with bone I would look at growth hormone growth hormone is amazing and Recurring bone what's that? I'm Dekka That is good for bones No, you're leaving for osteoporosis when I'm okay. Yeah, a lot of it Leather gear has been hasn't it? I don't think they called it gear in that scenario though doctors weren't like here Lady I've got some gear for you to take the takes your osteoporosis It definitely isn't double the dose double the effect In ensuring before and that's across the border antibiotics and there becomes a point when Therapeutic dosens become caliper-dultive because they're not adding that much to the benefit But they're increasing significantly the negatives Paul Burnett of antibiotic bodybuilding was just done one of the shows recently Talking about his shoulder recovery now I'd always heard that the one thing you do want to watch out for with like trying to Speed up your recovery is that with increased collagen production comes increased scarring and What his doctor suggested was to wait two weeks after the shoulder surgery before he actually started implementing additional recovery Super-subs which makes sense to me because the idea always heard that was a concern was you know thickening of scars Yeah, I mean if you were looking at improved recovery. I'd probably look at slightly above the T.R.T. Dose if you were adding a secondary compound. I don't have been looking at a hundred Maybe to there's been some real interest in Problems with doses of decorative lower 50 milligrams yeah for for injury recovery Then you've got things like drove TB BPC all dependent on the type of the injury as to how they're gonna help. I mean soft tissue G aches he's miraculous for All right, we got another one related. This was in the live stream. Hey guys love the show I have BPC 157 coming from Amino to say that and thanks if you used her code To use on an elbow injury Is it best to inject close to the injury and if so what dosage is recommended? He can go just anywhere I am I put it in my shoulder. I wouldn't try to mess around with getting that in the elbow You know what I mean it's gonna go to stomach once you've taken it So with BPC the half life is incredibly short Yeah, one of the issues Unseen issue I prefer sighting or as close to sight as practical For the simple reason that longer it's in the body and it takes time to get into the bloodstream and then get to the sight The more it will have decayed So I'd prefer to go as close to sight as possible Therefore getting the maximum concentration but if you inject it in your arse is it not gonna work? No, it will still work. It's just not gonna get the same level of concentration at the sight of the injury That's it that's the only reason personally I go around for into my confirms twice a day Some people will argue 500 you can take more But I think for indonesaw the minimum and the dosage you want to be yeah If you want to take more this it's budget really orientated then But yeah, I mean I do twice a day shot as close to sight as possible But it is only because of that half life and getting it into the system and getting it to the sight reason no other reason Yeah, I go 500 twice a day Maybe even a little bit higher at first to get that inflammation down quickly and then all back it off when I've used it And I found that it is more beneficial for I would say like smaller areas like in elbow or a shoulder versus like your SI goes out I feel like it's not as effective with like you know it like larger injuries I think it works well with large inflammation Because it eats more tendon ligament integrity and reducing formation in those areas they are relatively small injury points Yeah, what I think when you've got a big large massive information is not the compound to go for a personally Yeah, I found very little difference when I had had like low back problems, you know and I tried taking it It's hard to say you know, I'm sure it did something but it didn't have that almost instantaneous Information effects that I saw with like You know a painful elbow which I would feel relief within hours after using hey that said And I do have a video I need to get out with Dr. Marv about tennis elbow You can take BPC all day long and if you don't change the thing that caused it You know what I mean and it's generally a repetitive use issue you're gonna keep having that same issue so yeah That is one of the you need to address the offended behavior if it is an offended behavior problem All right, we'll try to rip through the last couple here. Oh David Vader Crossland Dave I got to tell you something man. I Listen, so you can't win all right you you've sat far away from them like sometimes you're way back here And I can't hear you and then I said so Dave could close your mic and then last episode You saw no like this So I we had a few comments people were like why is that dude breathing so heavy? I'm sorry Dave. I'll take the blame on this one. So more Quick question I found the best combination is G H insulin T3 in test it's good combo not gonna lie I agree with you. I work a lot So it's tough to monitor Quick acting insulin and get proper macros in post workout in the past I have and I got crazy muscle games So now I'm running five I U GH 25 to 53 a thousand test and 10 to 15 I U of Lantest I used to hear here the horror stories of becoming diabetic but never saw it myself Have you guys ever heard of anyone having an issue with this? Well with insulin resistance from dead from insulin use you got to bring in a little bit your weight Not that but not that close Dave middle ground middle ground okay middle ground Dave Yeah Issues with Using insulin is insulin going to make you a diabetic like us as the question I've never I can't say I've never seen someone go create type two diabetes which the use I have But it was very abusive use I have seen plenty of people Core short-term insulin resistance when they've gone like super high dosing And I've seen lots of people when they've done the sort of malice protocols you know 80 120 IU a day off season when it comes to diet and it's been incredibly difficult for them to get lean Yeah Because they have bills of resistance If Are those people going to develop type two later on in life because of issues they've created now I don't know possibly we'll see when they're not time comes but I haven't seen anyone have issues around true type two diabetes From just sort of half sensible insulin use now I'd be more concerned about creating an issue with high dose growth over a long haul Like if it's interesting yeah, I think I think I think that's what is I You've far more long term than x5 years, you know yeah I mean I have my HP once he's not great Is that due to the high growth and high insulin use or is that just grew grew due to the fact that I've rammed so much fruit down my Fro over the years and I continue to carry very high levels of body fat I think it's probably the latter Yeah, if we're honest, you know What about this last question here in the stream can't a 54 year old woman booster testosterone naturally it was diet and Supplements to an extent it would depend one on how far off healthy your current diet is Supplement wise I would definitely be considered in DHA 25 milligrams to 50 milligrams a day I've seen that be very very effective with 50 plus females look into increased their test levels because it's Sort of menopause low Ballon can sometimes help as well, but yeah DHA definitely definitely has a good impact on females wanting to increase their test naturally Yeah, I think that if you're getting into it depends on the individual to right you know And what was your history have you used pharmaceutical birth control for the last you know for the 25 year for half of your life There's girls who were putting birth control from the time they were 13, you know They run that up until they're 40 and you know then It that's kind of like hey, let's put you on testosterone replacement at 15 You know, that's gonna have an impact on your hormones down the road It might be hard for you to recover to that and you know worst case scenario Maybe there is some medical need there to you know have first maybe start with Astrogen progesterone and then testosterone if needed, you know Yeah, I mean when testosterone in a female so 25% is made by the adrenal gland 50% comes from Seashoot conversion so that's where estrogen all over hormones go into tissue and it's converted testosterone and 25% is done in the ovaries Obviously Why the DHEA works is because it's a precursor to adrenal produced testosterone And your adrenal gland is actually capable of producing sort of three four five and more of test Where a female's up a limit is 1.6 So you know you can Generally adequately producing of test through the adrenal function in a female If you stimulate it with the H.A. but it doesn't always work but it is definitely an option if you're got to the point where I'm not recovering through diet and regular supplementation and I don't want to commit to a gel or something of that nature Which is the common route that they'll put females on for testosterone Obviously there is a big trend within our industry for fem tests, but that's not something that's available for the average user through you know a prescription route. Yeah All right Dave, do you have any shout outs? You know I do Right so I'm on because I need to read how it would Dave is with us. Oh, it would Dave is with us. Yes God right so all speed customs dot com okay. Who is this? Gaggle Brian Motones it so some of you may be aware of my engine I'm going to go to the site too. I'm going to take this out and and my desire for approach, Ajay So Brian Motones and the team at all speed have been helping me One with choices as in what's going to be suitable for for my build Yeah, and what's going to be suitable to future proof my build and also with acquiring said parts when the time is right but obviously I can't acquire said parts because you type gets 7 point of money in the pot. Oh look at that one Dave. Oh don't hide a headlight on that I like that car That's cool. I like rest of it just on a headlight still. He's like for that new there were new There were like I know they just look all glad the barracuda is nice Which one is the barracuda? The silver one next to where you were. Oh, I see it. That one that's nice Oh That's wild. It's got the same kind of headlights in it. Yeah, but he's suit that they don't suit Over what what's this one you ever seen a road runner before? Our friend of mine has a 69 hammer yard to your road room This thing is worth a full june looking this thing is crazy looking Dave They have big engines in them too. Don't they look at 454 or something Yeah, come do Wow, look at the door panels look at that Yeah, I say did do really good work. I've been I had a quick flick through when I was very impressed. I like it Very impressed and they've been really helpful from the point of view of helping me decide so massive shout out to them What are you gonna do So I'm gonna say the wrong coding, but I'm gonna go with the d1x Pro charger which is slightly above the previous one Run a slightly smaller larger polish at the same start with two offset the fact that it's a more powerful Pro charger because I don't want to be really huge amounts of boost It's gonna be the Stage two in a cooler Dump valve Balancer and then at a later date I will upgrade the transmission I think I can get away I might have to I've got a 444 444 transfer case I think I have to go to a 444 455 Because I'm not doing Hard launches in four wheel drive or anything like that. I generally drive into wheel drive I'll only use four wheel drive to genuinely get through bad weather Yeah, I should better run a fairly stop from end, but I will need to be for the back end up Okay Well, if I'm project when do you project to like all this stuff to be done like having the pro charger installed and all Engine should be back in by Friday of this week Exhaust and tune should be done by the end of next week Pro charge should be in by the end of the year within your fuel system. Okay, and then I'm probably gonna be in of a 12 months before I do anything more But you'll build a like drive it around before that right? Yeah, yeah, yeah, I'll be driving in between But yeah, he said that he's just a case to say you know You know, you know, still I can afford the next bit and saving up to like a 4-2 next bit. It's cool. It's a fun to have projects, you know It is each and it's it's nice to be able to want to be able to Plum Yes, sorry some you are right four four years the Vop on mower It's nice to be able to plum I had so I don't do some things stupid now That then makes it hard work way down the line All right, yeah, let me sense I think you got me yeah You got any wisdom Uncle Dave's wisdom for us today. Yeah, I just keep swimming Something about green tea About green tea. I like green tea green tea. Green tea is very nice. Yeah, it's good. It's good for you You know that you're the end coffee too. I bet you know, if you're drinking a lot of it Keep it to you Keep it to us coffee keep your caffeine down a little bit get some EG CG some antioxidants from that green tea I Am most of all kind of fact that you've been disrespectful to caffeine. Oh, no, I like caffeine. Believe me. I like coffee too. I drink some coffee today It's good I'm all for coffee But if you're gonna drink a big pot of it all day long and you have blood pressure Dave you might be better off Green tea You might be better off Did you see that cartoon or that animated clip? I saw a little bit Why does my touch keep coming and going you hit your head like this? Why do I know be it? I don't know. I don't know. Why do I have an orange round nose? I don't know But they got my shirt right. I was wearing Alex's Smyth shirt from the gym. They w they nailed that. Did you notice on your arm? There was a blood drop tattoo it looked just like the evil blood drop No, I didn't that's good. It just showed one tattoo and it was like a big blood drop on your arm The AI's mental Marketing company sent me a Video and this is just been done off a still picture Okay, and it's created a real life looking video of these people dancing Oh, oh, yeah, photograph deep things but it deep fix It's it's mad the second one looks in a little bit ropy the portions are quite but the others What have a clue that that was just a still photograph that's been created dude into move think this is just the beginning You know what I mean like where's that technology going to be a decade from now? You're not going to be able to believe anything you see They're going to put up you know here's here's this famous celebrity doing this elicit act You know what I mean it like they're going to do all sorts of stuff like that and you're not going to be able to tell what's real and what's not Well in in lieu of any David vice. I was talking to mine for about this So there's apparently it's been a bit of a hoo-haary Hollywood Because actors are really concerned because when you do a lot of films now they do a lot of blue screen We're they do a lot of digital mapping right But that means that the film companies have Digital records of the actors both on how they look and how they move and their voices and they can actually Recreate them yeah Which means they don't need the actor yeah Martin. We don't need you for this one, but you're going to be Yes, so the big argument is being how actors remain in control of their image and get royalties If the digitized version of them is used a future day Yeah, and that's been quite a quite a big argument I can't blame you man imagine if you saw like a feature length movie with your face It's you doing it, but you never did it, you know Exactly Because they can just make you do whatever they want It's incredible how they're he's scary as well because like you say you just can't You can't trust your eyes anymore Yeah, because you just don't know what you're looking at is whether it's real or it's computer generates Yeah, that's wild man. It is the times we're living in guys we appreciate you tuning in and and if you got this far And you haven't hit the like button then do us that favor It doesn't cost you anything please hit the like button because it really does help our programming helps us to get out more people will see us if you leave us a liking if you leave us a comment that helps immensely it tells what you think about the show this week and Of course go to e-velleblood analysis.com to get your labs done by Dave Of course check out tree nutrition.com user code think over their supplement source.ca for Canadians go to Strom Sports dot com to go to Strom Sports nutrition get some good health supplements over there if you're in the UK and Patreon thank you guys over there Dave Do you have any pillars of strength or anything coming up? I'm gonna pay the course pending but I'd to be quiet honest. I just don't have enough people for it So there's no point starting So I'm okay just trying to get some more numbers for the pads course Over the end of that and just use your ship up but you and the usual stuff Nice yeah guys sign up for the pads course get in with Dave get to hang out with him do some stuff Learn some stuff about gear