can you do a J in personation oh it's like can't like do it on the spot it's interesting again again again you know you know you're running into it's like a J Chris kind of combo okay yeah it's a new England thing and I don't know how to do it kind of again into the little yeah yeah yeah yeah there are so many t-shirts on the garage you know all the way to the garage I mean like it's crazy and these guys they're ordering the shirts and I go to the expos and I see the shirts and I just they're just awesome you know but J did you know you know well you know I train the loan a lot and you know I had I had Eric there all those years hey everybody welcome to it's just body building big wrong part of here with dusty handsha and the producer Scott McNally remember to like share subscribe comment and ring the bell ring the bell I got my pulp fiction cup this is my serious gourmet we're good to go remember I am mutant calm get your all in get your ISO surgeon everybody should get on the gear dusty 20 big round 20 save money and support mutant they support the show born hard core patreon think big body building on patreon yes and remember even though none of us are wearing them to go and click the link on where do they click the link on this big youtube channel the description yeah go to the description yeah but if you want to know the first things you'll see mutant click the link I think big uh t-shirt or it's just body building t-shirt and uh we love seeing them we love seeing them on people the expose it's awesome you're going to expose someone walks up then it's just body building shirt that's just a coolist and we signed a bunch of them signed a bunch of them in Columbus we've had people tell me that they go to their gym and then they find out somebody else says oh my god you listen to the show too and then they say which programs do you like I'm think big these people are you know ships passing in the night not knowing but actually playing in their headphones and then you know we're bringing people together they're finding each other yeah oh yeah yeah it's it's been really cool and uh and that's that uh like kind of sense of community that you know you hope for like you you know you just start talking at a camera and then you like some kind of just imagine like 30 years ago how ridiculously narcissistic we would think it would be to just talk at a camera and put it out on a video for everyone to like you know that you're well once for my thoughts yeah you're welcome for my face and voice yeah yeah and and and and and now we do it all time but but it just it's uh you hope for like you're a little bit of community it's like when you open a gym you hope that there'll be a bit of a community you know you when you open any sort of business you kind of hope you get a community with it so it's a good plus gentlemen yes I'm just uh you know forcing myself to think positive on this Monday morning is it working but I could work so far too and a lot of people have to do that charade from Monday morning till around noon they have to just pretend as best they can and then you get rolling we record on Monday guys just to let you know yeah yeah you can show gets out on Wednesday so for them it's the middle of the week they are already long beyond that and they're looking for a week they're already on Tuesday yeah they know they're getting action tonight right when they get on the work they know it's hump day they know the miss is knows it's hump day or the mister knows it's hump day yeah yeah and I am also like them looking forward to Wednesday so you know everyone's got that day just kind of works out you know like just kind of works out well with everything you just uh we're both still awake at 9 p.m. that's amazing that's a problem with you this the separate wake-up time is that ruins everything at your house yeah we have about an hour but an hour hour and a half she's like she's one of those weird people at likes to get up and drink coffee and watch the sun come up interesting I don't have a time for that because we're we're timing photos with the sun now right it's all about the sun getting that the back double to look at its best you're not staring at the sign you're facing the opposite direction anyways yeah it's very um actually made me laugh because so I've got a client and he's gonna hear this no talking about which is fine um with a lot of clients the pictures just they suck and I look at the pictures and I'm like what do you want me to do with this so I laughed wrong when I came down the wall and Nicky was posing for you at the in Ohio and you're like your pictures look just like real life and I'm like yeah yeah it's how it works yeah so let's just let's touch on that her pictures and video were extremely accurate to how she looked and that just confirmed to me we were doing everything right and it it's made the second half or I guess would be the last one or the third of the prep especially easy because I can rest assured that this is what she looks like you know what I mean and that's the main reason why everyone needs to work on their video you know like I'm just gonna send Scott one picture I won't give too much away just gonna send just a front relaxed i'm gonna so while you said that i'm gonna put this up here and we got can we get Nicky fit mama on the show anytime soon that's her Instagram right dusty yeah I had that same question last night from someone else on my things like what do we have to do i'm like she needs to win she needs to win and we'll talk all right yeah only champions only champions no but just did you get it no what did you send us or run i said i got it no yeah text yeah yeah so you just have not yet anything i got to know the group pictures oh sure do has to let it across the border yeah it came through and my computer here we go boom look at that so when when i saw her in Vegas i was like oh that's exactly how she looks in her pictures you know what i mean yeah just the that's a screenshot by the way i didn't even pause it i just like snapped it while it was rolling yeah so um so that's a shot of a video so it loses something but um but yeah when when i'm like oh great lighting look you can see the delts see how the delts are you so hard the delts are and how they're tying in and you can see the quads really well and just people like look at your photos do you look good in them right you know would you want your coach to post them like think of what you want your coach to throw one up without your permission on his podcast to tens of thousands of people you know a bad screenshot of a video do not edit them because i felt bad before too i got a picture that came like a whole second through one time and i i couldn't see where else i like opened the picture a little bit and i'm like i'm actually my go to chew turn the grain up on this because yeah it wasn't really showing very well i'm like this isn't what you look like they think that the grain oh that just shows more of what was there yeah it's like you're like no no it's like something literally changes the pixelation of the photo it like it guesses it's like guessing you know funny yeah i'm gonna move us along because i know that our listeners when i know what our main topic was and see Scott's good at knowing when dusty and i have no idea what we're talking you guys know what you're talking about i just felt like uh there is probably going to be like i'm always reading the crowd even though i can't see him and i know there's a handful of people the room did you guys talk about this three times now are you going to leave for every show with this extra touch extra touch on it because it's important but let's go to the first topic which dusty actually farmed us a good topic so sure did all right we throw this one up on the screen here it says um if you could change one thing about your approach to body building learned something that you did change and alter it earlier what would it be this one's easy i stubbornly i was way way too stubborn and i trained in way too much pain way too often and i did it yeah i just i just i i didn't i didn't listen to my body when i was young i just trained through so many things that probably caused bigger issues later like some of them did you know like you know i trained through sore elbows and my elbows are fine now but like i know now i shouldn't have been doing that like something you know what i mean sore joints tendons at her like exercises it don't feel right for you but you think you're supposed to do those you just keep slamming them and progressing on them and getting heavier and heavier no matter what yeah no matter what and and you know so yeah just i was as way too stubborn and i probably trained in in the in the six to eight rep range a little too often i didn't need to we know now that you know i purchased fees more of a spectrum but back then in you know especially the first fifteen years we trained it was all about the six to eight rep range to failure um if we did twelve reps on a set was like a high rep set like you know there was not there was an any twenty's on the leg press back and like the early days it was all about the doorion stuff so just two stubborn with aches and pains and and being you know just refusing to change that's a good one you just got well i was gonna say i think there's some middle ground in that because run i imagine that you were absolutely extreme with what you're talking about you know and i get it because i think we all did that no yeah there's people now i think that are the opposite and that they you know that they're not pushing hard enough and they're that i think that they're developing an imbalance between my traps and my deltoids and so i need to do these three different warm up moves and i'm trying to feel better activation before i get back to it too much like you know and so there is that that middle ground where you were at that super extreme and well if you were to dial it back by a percentage what percentage would you say you would dial it back yeah like even just five yeah okay right it's it's probably it's probably works like a curve like it probably gets worse the harder you you know so even if you come back 5% you drop way down on that like constant pain and agony scale like you know and other things too is just management of the body we weren't like now everyone's getting all this and massage all the time and like jay really push the massage that was a big thing in the early 2000s with coupler he was all about this tissue work and i i as a bodybuilder i mean other people might have heard it from other people and it been doing it because of other reasons but to me jay was kind of the one that was like ah that level if i want to be there i got like so i remember like jay's videos that's when i was like oh for this year's nationals i'm booking two massage is a week the entire prep i'm spending like thousands of dollars on the massage i don't care about my prep and i started doing that right and that was because of jay but before that you just kind of live in agony for the whole week until your next leg day like you'd be sore for four days and then you'd just limp around and like oh getting in your truck and you're just like but if i could go back i would have made myself do some like like go lay it go roll around on a mat and do some stretching your fucking idiot like i try to like work on it and try to try to move that sortness out of you and get a massage and you know i don't know just i don't know i you just sort of put up with it because you thought that was like it was like almost like oh i'm a huge freak this is how you live yeah gotta be yeah i would say dusty that um for me it would have been getting too progressive overload faster it took me recognizing that i you know like this is my last chance if i'm ever gonna get to the strongest that i've ever been now it's probably the best time because i'm only gonna keep getting older right and through that i found a i found a lot you know i found i and i started developing a lot more like a lot faster in my forties haven't been a guy who by all accounts you could consider it would be like you know just in an old beat up guy who's been training for a long time you wouldn't expect that you'd make new progress and then i did in my joint struggle better you know because i wasn't doing as much repetitive movement i felt excited you know to train again if i had found that a decade sooner to the level i i took it it would have been it would have been a game changer so i'll say that and the other thing would have been when i moved back to Michigan to restart my life and i took a job at the pop company i would had dumped that job and taken another one because it was a meanly meaningless job it's not like i was gonna do something with it and all it did was serve to beat my body up further and all it did was serve to make me need to eat so many more calories to grow muscle i should have taken the like it just it's sit down job you know that'd be my gosh you cost yourself a lot of money because you had to eat all that extra food yeah yeah i was gonna say the the only the thing that jumps to mind to me is i would paid more attention to the results that i got and the results i did not get from certain training so for example you know you you want to work for a long time i know i have a lot of clients that will train a certain way for three weeks i can't get a new program and i'm like why and i don't know because they're old coaches to do that but i squatted for years and worked my way up to crazy poundages and it should have registered at some point that my legs weren't getting bigger like you were strong a shit man i remember that one i force video you did six plates for ten barba you know like that and that's a few time example like it doesn't if that's not clicking like two thousand eight right like for if it's not clicking in your mind that you're doing something like that it's pretty ass and and you don't have monstrous legs that should tell you something you know and though that was something i didn't do whereas other things grew drastically so if i could rewind it would just be to pay a little more attention to the things that were progressing really well but weren't showing me the result i cared about because i'm not a power lifter that wasn't what i was doing so there were years spent where i should have been on a Smith machine with my feet tucked under me going you know low and slow for twenty wraps versus ten with six hundred on a squat which is just working my hips and ass and giant erectors that are six inches deep at that point yeah well that's the other thing too is like with arms it was the same thing right my chyseps grew like crazy and i'm over here heaving barbells for curls and they're not growing and i did the same thing for years and it's like when you in a register that your arms are growing at a rapid pace but it's only two thirds of them that are growing the other side nothing so those are the thing people should pay attention to but also understand while i say that we're not talking about train that way for two weeks and go oh don't think this is working but if you're a year in and you're seeing growth everywhere but somewhere you need to look and go okay what am i doing and reassess that's all yeah i'm i'm very convinced that a great basic way to train is simple progressive overload and then if certain body parts aren't responding obviously you know for a form execution check all that but that those are the body parts that get maybe more volume because that worked for me so like my arms you know for i did the progressive overload i you know put on you know a hundred pounds and got to the national level and all that and my arms just weren't quite keeping up like they were growing but just not like i was growing and it wasn't until i finally just said okay i'm just going to do just going to see how many sets of takes it makes my arms grow and i started doing a lot more arm volume and that's where my arms got to their biggest ever and so just certain muscle groups you got to like like like like just figure it out like figured out you know being stubborn was a problem for me yeah it's it's hard though i think because so much of bodybuilding is kind of like overcoming you know and i mean and and and pushing through it's hard to find that line of like okay well where do i stop pushing through and pull back you know or when do i try something different we're we're it's a real strange you know just think of like in a way bodybuilding is part of like the body augmentation culture you know like like you know people just altering your body completely that's it what a giant task just like a giant weird task that is to embark on you know what i mean it's it's it's uh it's just like you know you hear about those people like it fingers removed and stuff because they want to be like you know what i mean or they get like you know vampire teeth put into their jaw whatever it's like things put in their hands horns in their head like these the crazy body mods it's like well you know i'm kind of trying to become a superhero like you know shouldn't judge yeah like like you know to me yeah that's occurred to me many times you know so it's uh it's a funny thing and you just there's so many little nuance decisions you have to make what else we got Scott that's why we're here to help i was trying to find that video i was looking for the video of dusty squatting 600 well you guys were talking i was gonna say yeah those are those are throwbacks that no longer exist because that channel got closed oh yeah so that wasn't so what what you're with that had been maybe was it 2010 but you were it was a raps going on 10 11 yeah in there do you remember what gym that was oh i mean i did it all the time so not really oh you know yeah you never specific i force video where you were squatting six play you know old red i carry in squat rack i seem to remember and if it was red it was probably at a metro flex that we had out there so right i saw back as far as like six years and at that time you were already on your newer program of using the pendulum and stuff like that it looked like yeah half a brain at that point i had none at the beginning never got to full all right how about this one um what do you miss about competing and competitive body building overall honestly it would be just having like there's those moments when you're when you're getting ready for a show and you look really crazy like you're getting you know three weeks out you just train chest and you go in the you know you go in the posing room and you crank out some shots or whatever in the locker room in the mirror and you just sink what a fuck have I done like this is this looks crazy like those moments you know like we're really hard on ourselves and you know we think their calves suck and any bigger triceps and there's just that constant voice in your head that's just telling you all these guys are way better than you you don't have a talent for this like but then you get those good those really good moments where you just have a killer workout you punch up like the one sixty dumbbells for ten and you know you're just everyone in the gym is like holy shit you look ridiculous you know it's common you know and then after your workout you know you know you take some pictures in the bathroom and you look at your back double and you're just like shit like this is crazy and and it's like those moments because they're just like you know no one else is judging you they're just for you and they're just sort of like like I said that that's cartoon character that you have in your head since you're a kid and and you get to a point where you like shit I did it like this is crazy you're than like the stuff that was drawn in like the superhero comic books like look at my back double you know it's just you know you get those and they're not even stage photos you know because the stage photos to me I always I always I'm so automatically critical of them right like stage photos even if it's a great photo of me I'm like yeah my tan could have been a little you know like we're alright alright I think you look on my faces little goofy you're right it's like we're just so critical of stage photos but there's those moments when you're you know when you get out of the tan bed and you're looking at your quads and you're like this is insane like right like you know like if you cut your leg you bleed to death like to just vein thousand veins everywhere and you just you know don't draw a piece of paper it's over yeah yeah it's not a no I I just I think and then also just knowing that you're insanely strong and and like like you know I see guys do stuff now and I'm like that would literally crush me like and like I feel like way more mortal I'm still obviously way stronger than most people but like just that mortality thing like you know I saw guys squat seven plates the other day and I'm like oh shit like I can't imagine back in that out of a rock are you kidding me like just an appreciation and a respect and I was like man it was fun to be there for a while you know yeah yeah you can't you can't say they're for your entire life on for you know and I'm totally fine with that you know totally fine with that race cars have actually crash or blow up or something you know I feel like when you look back one thing you realize in hindsight is bodybuilding is one of the few like I haven't found any yet in life since where you have come rotty like a team around you like from the very beginning like when I started bodybuilding all the way the end it was the memories with the training partners in the gym yeah going in there meeting at three in the morning four in the morning 10 p.m. like whenever you could get to the gym because I mean we we all were working and I get clients that say oh you know you don't understand this but you know I can only go to the gym at seven a.m. I'm like don't understand this they just go four because I worked at which you know and and meant I had to be there with all my food and the more you know there was a lot of stuff that went into it but the things that I remember you really look back at are the people I had around me for the whole thing in the very beginning and they changed they're going to be wrong but there was always people in your corner and then when you've trained at a gym long enough I know Ron can identify with this the gym becomes part of your crew like when you come in everyone knows everyone wants to see you succeed and in business and stuff it's not that you you know I mean my friends want to see me succeed and things but like there's nothing to watch there you know they don't they have no idea when things are going well or when you're in a different you know stage of it but one thing that I remember that was shocking was my first U.S.s. 2010 and I mean I'm just going here trying to like I wanted to make top five because like this would be a huge goal and so many people from the gym were like we're going to come watch you and it was in Vegas which is about four and a half hours away and we go thanks thanks and obviously I'm not expecting anyone to show up and when I walked out and I mean it was so loud and I realized after the show because we got pictures 56 people from my gym came that's crazy. It drove to Vegas God hotels these aren't even like people I like hung out with all the time but that is something when you look back you're like I mean it blew my mind I mean it was almost me here I was like the new guy and without question the loudest response when I walked out and I'm like oh you know so that was something that you just you won't have another things and you know I know that we all talk about that the journey of bodybuilding is is solo the actual execution is but I had a lot of people pushing me along and it was really enjoyable because of that yeah yeah I relate to that people thing mine wasn't that many but my first show in Edmonton was five hour drive and I went down to do the 97 Northerns and I at the night show there was like 15 people there for my gym a bunch of guys came down in a van that's awesome they got a van and they did like a road trip they came down that morning to make the night show yeah and then we were on stage over a night but I was like I got this picture of like me and like 15 people from Grand Prairie like standard with me at the night show it's just crazy yeah yeah yeah yeah what do you want great memories yeah yeah what do I use God it's not yeah it's not even really the show itself um oh no everything else that goes with the competing shows the last yeah the show like I don't really I don't even remember half the competition days barely yeah I would say I really enjoyed the single-minded focus and the census satisfaction you get each day reaching those goals and I can get that another things you don't I mean because because I will say this on the negative side of it when you get toward the end of a long prep you're like okay I'm ready to get back to normal life because like I got to get things taken care of that I haven't been paying as much attention to you only have so much energy you know what I mean but there is something pretty special about that single-minded focus of being able to put everything all of your energies into this one project and that's one of the things that I've absolutely loved about competing is being able to harness all of that and then it taught me so much you know I know you guys get that too it teaches you like life lessons that you can carry to other aspects so I don't necessarily miss it a ton you know but it is something that I learned a lot from and it's a very special experience that I don't know what else you can get it in because you can be part of like a basketball team and you're still like going out to eat and doing the things you want to do when you're not playing basketball but bodybuilding is that 24-7 every step I take especially when you're getting really tired you feel each step you take you know it's all leading toward this single-minded goal yeah I got to throw one more thing in that Ron will get which is three days before a show hotel rooms with Chris Asito just the memories of like the banter and thing I mean when I look back at shows the only memories I have from shows that blow my mind are that sounds like yeah just hanging out you know you know him moving you around the room had nine hundred shots you know those kind of things I just remember to think man they were awesome I had a bunch of great well I had a few coaches right you know and I I got great hotel room memories with all of them you know I got one I remember in 2007 I won the Super Heavy's at Nationals and and I remember I was like I hadn't you know I've been second a few times and I went to see Scott Abel in his hotel room and I was running through my poses and I was a little bit like like I wasn't totally sure of myself you know what I mean because I've been second year before to food add it was really close and food was great and I was just like damn it was going to be another one and I remember I stand in my front relaxed and you know the coach can say or the right thing at the right time to just like kind of put yiddies and he called a front lats he called a front lats spread and I hit my front lats spread and he's like nobody's got that shot dude that's that's it you're gonna win this I was got that shot and I was like shit and hit never sitting like that to me before and I was like oh okay so then you know went to the show with a little bit more confidence he's like it doesn't matter what poses we all hit or those guys what you guys hit once you hit the front lats spread you just it's too much that was like oh shit and I just had that in my head as like a little bit extra like you know and I remember all day and I was against bend that year because he was in my class and he had those crazy legs and crazy ridiculously eggs at that point right and that came down to one point between me and Ben but I just kept thinking oh I'm just giving up that spread that's all I need you know what I mean and it just says little things that you remember you know yeah so the lats spread the bear claws I mean all the things that they're pronged yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah okay all right so I got I have one here and this is one I save because I thought it would be absolutely perfect for the show best and worst fast foods for bodybuilding oh it's not me so so So one thing that I have to admit, I have definitely macroed in my head and been totally okay with is, is I thought, well, I don't want to have a whole bunch of crappy carbs, right? And I don't want to order a bunch of fries that are deep fried and fat. I'm going to have to accept a certain amount of fat in this meal because it's fast food. So to just maximize my protein and not really, I don't really need carbs with this meal because it's going to have some fats in it. So I'm just going to go to Wendy's and get a lot of chicken tenders. Okay. It's going to get like, I'll try to full order it's a chicken tenders and that'll be good. I'll be more than enough carbs. I don't even need to have carbs with it. And I'll just eat these tenders. And I'll feel good about myself. Yeah. Yeah. See, Ron's speed and from, from better experience days because first and foremost, if you're an up and coming body, we're going to try to get huge and you haven't hit the McDonald's diet yet. You ain't ready yet. You ain't ready yet. Oh, no, I'm just going to stay in shred of it. Yeah, I'm fingers. Yeah. Like, yeah, these were like, there were, there were years where McDonald's was a daily stop. And I could justify the whole thing. It's like, oh yeah. Well, I mean, there's protein and carbs fats here. And it's not incorrect. It was just, it's not nature right. It's just, there is protein. It's not so we had to find. But maybe the multiple times a day, I got a little had a good show. Five times a week, I'd have fast food, man. Yep. Yeah. I always ate a ton. But I will say that my favorite place was Cafe Rio in Arizona was my go to semi-healthy place to eat. And basically, it's just a much better quality chipotle. Okay. All right, right, right. You know. Yeah. So good. Shredded chicken, all that stuff. But plenty of extras. And I ate there every day after the coma until I moved. It was like, oh, so we'd better keep loading up here. I think my probably the most eaten ever bodybuilding fast food meal. This is a subway fast food. Yeah, subway is fast food. Yeah. Yeah. Some people, some people don't like subway because there's no drive through. They're like, nah, that's not really fast food. No, they think fast foods like pre-made. They got them in the rack, like burgers and stuff. But anyways, I probably had subway, like a double roast chicken. I get roast chicken. Yeah. Yeah. But long roast chicken double meat. Or now they have a rotisserie chicken. I'd start getting rotisserie chicken double meat. I probably had that, like probably ordered that meal. Two or three thousand times in the first 20 years I trained. I literally had subway every single day for probably year on end. You basically could have bought a subway if you would have saved that money. Now you could turn around and buy one. It was what you said. Imagine if that money was just Bitcoin. Damn it. Yeah. But a bunch of subway. Yeah. Like, just probably, I probably ordered double roast chicken subway, like more than any other fast food meal in my life. I've had that meal. I had it every day for years and years and years. Yeah. I'm trying to think of the worst one now. Well, I think anything that doesn't have a lot of protein in it. I mean, if we can call pizza, if that's kind of a fast food, then you know, I see some fast food though. I mean, I know what you mean. Yeah. I guess you could do like the quick fire ones. Ron, I just thought of something. I got to jump in because this has been on by mind pizza. Oh. McDonald's used to have pizza. This is off top of this. Yes. Yes. No, like it was that just in Canada or was that in the States? Yeah. There's like very limited locations that ever had it here in the US. I actually, you guys had it. I just saw like a 30 minute documentary on the McDonald's pizza of Canada. I did. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It was like, but the things I put on in the background while I was working, and just kind of like, just who's trialing pizza now? Chick-fil-a. Oh, really? Right. So the McDonald's pizza. Definitely had its own taste. Like it had it like you get the pepperoni or they had Hawaiian pepperoni and three cheese, I think. Yeah. I can't remember. But they had three types of pizza. And they had nothing else tasted like it. Like you had it. You're like that McDonald's pizza. Like, you know how every single thing on their item tastes like McDonald's and nothing else. Yeah. Yeah. Last of the bars. That effect. Yeah. Yeah. But like I'm a couple of chicken nuggets done. You have McDonald's and I get your like, that's McDonald's. Your dip it in McDonald's barbecue sauce, you're like, that's McDonald's. That's how their pizza was. And it wasn't like, I remember ordering it. Like we would go to, we had a 24 hour McDonald's where I grew up. So me and the boys would go out, you know, you're driving around in a truck, listen into hair metal, stop and buy the corner store to see if any chicks are going to a party. Like literally that's my high school, right? And I'm drinking, I'm drinking, I'm drinking diet coax, right? I'm drinking diet coax and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, look at for parties and, uh, if you get hungry at the boys, you stop by McDonald's at midnight and you get a pizza and, you know, yeah. And, and we would, we would do that. And I think it was technically a flop. Wasn't it like, because it wasn't on the menu for long. So I think it was actually a flop. Victoria said they had it at their school. Like there'd be one special day in her elementary school where they brought McDonald's pizza. Yeah. And I remember all her one or like a big pizza. It was an individual, but I'm not sure the minute. Yeah. But I remember I saw like a business documentary and they're talking about bad decisions. Yeah. And, um, and they had this guy on these like, yeah, McDonald's deciding to make a pizza was, uh, I thought it was crazy because they're in the fast food business and when they started it, when they added pizza to their menu, I was like, oh, they've now left the fast food business. That's ridiculous. They don't know what they're doing. This is out of their lane. Their fast food. This is not fast food. This takes 10 minutes. Oh, yeah. Yeah. That's a small point. Everything up. That's what the problem was in the documentary I watched too was the amount of time it took to get the pizza ready. Yeah. Yeah. Makes sense. So dust your face already done eating, right? Yeah. What about, uh, so what about something like Taco Bell? Yeah, your name for bodybuilding. See, I want to still yate it, even though it's not actually meat because I could just apply anything like it. I think you probably, you've probably made a valid point though, um, because I was going to say that or I used to eat a lot of Chinese food like pandExpress. And I know there's a lot of like protein in there, but let's be straight. You can fat. When you get like a, when you get a orange chicken, they're ain't much chicken in that orange chicken. Like, this is fried breading with sugar sauce on the outside delicious. I, you know, oh, yeah, I mean, I'm actually probably there. It's so immediately after this, but, uh, but you, I think those are my two that I would say would be Taco Bell because you're right. I mean, anyone who's ever seen Taco Bell's beef being made probably wouldn't eat it ever again. And, uh, you know, the, I love you so much pandExpress. I also made a lot of life decisions based on those cookies. So we're good. Explains a lot, doesn't it? Yeah. Should I or what the hell? Yeah. Well, the subway cookies. I didn't mention those with their three cello cookies. There was three cello cookies with every single one of those subs. I guarantee that there was no, there was no, there was a chicken. I have a chicken. I have a chicken. Chick-fil-A's, chocolate chip cookie. Don't do it. I mean, one of those. You're recovering still. Scott, that could be a problem. Yes. Yeah, they didn't have a material next to apparently that's the only place that I actually go to Chick-fil-A because any other time when I drive by the line is too long, there is no way. There is absolutely no way that I'm going to get in a fast food line that wraps around the building. You have to, you know, the way they operate that line, yeah, they could handle the world. It is unbelievable, the efficient. I don't know what a line. I don't know what a line on the most places. But I mean, probably fake light. I mean, probably fake light. You nightclub, fake. I mean, literally you bone through that line so quickly. It splits into dual lanes. Comes around the corner. They're coming out dusty. Here you go. Get the hot air. Optical. Boom. It probably is. Yeah. You actually drive through a lot of those cars because they're just, you know, not actually there. Right. Fake guard. No, no. It's like a nightclub. They just want to make it look busy, right? Well, that was an important question. I had to ask you guys. And I had one other thing. I wanted to throw up here. This is mostly for Ron. I wanted to see his room. I shouldn't do it. Oh, wow. That's, that's his early as it gets. That's like, what do we like to make? Kill them all while you're looking at Metallica. Like circa 8384. I would say. I would say five is what I read. 85. I could. Clif died in 85. So the so cliff, it could be 85 at the latest. I'm just saying, and Lars Harris, I could pretty short. So I thought it might be a little earlier. But yeah, that's Metallica. Might even be master of puppets tour. If it says 85 on it, then it's a master puppets tour. And Cliff probably died very shortly after this photo if it's taken in 85. And that's probably the bus that they crashed in. I was just thinking that. Yeah, that's probably the bus. I mean, right? That bus is amazing. That's all I have to say. Yeah. Yeah. So Cliff is a guy on the right with the black sleeves and the denim vest. That's probably the most influential base player in metal history. And he died that. That's pretty wild. 25 years old, I think. Yeah. What does he look like he's 16? Yeah, they all look like they're about 16. Yeah. Like I wouldn't let any of those kids drive, except for the kid in the far left. He could drive. The rest of them, I'm like, yeah, you stole your mom's car. Yeah. Yeah. In the book, it's in the book. Life, school, Metallica, deaf. That's the name of the book I read. And the James tells the story of the bus crash. And they all wake up. Like they're sleeping in their bonks and the bus crashes. And they get thrown out of the bus. Like James wakes up in the ditch. Oh, whoa. He like sits up and he's in the ditch. And the bus is like on its side and fucking, but everything is mattresses and pillows is everywhere. Like it's a crash. And their yelling names are like, Lars, Lars and Lars is like, I'm here. Like literally like out of a movie and then they all like gather. And they're like, where's Cliff? And they look down and its legs are sticking out from one of the bus. Good. Yeah. So luckily it wasn't more from, you know, from the side of an column. Yeah. I think the bus driver died too. Yeah, I think the right. I think you're right on that. Yeah. Throwing clear. You got one here from from Patreon. This is from Jim. Jim always gives us some good questions. He says, it's just bodybuilding. What do you all think of protein foods that normally aren't protein foods? For example, protein pancakes. Seems like a regular food that they just added way to. Couldn't you just drink a shake? Like dusty recommends you do before eating a pizza or a cheat meal? Well, technically he's right. I mean, if the mac was the same, then it's technically the same at the end of the day. You know, we've talked about how I just love a good cookie. I don't need it to have protein in it. I don't need, yeah. I don't need protein to be in my cookie for me to feel okay about eating it because I know I get enough protein in my day no matter what. So I guess if someone's really, the benefit is if someone's really, really, really trying to be tight with macros and live like a lifestyle type thing. Then maybe it somehow makes their math easier for the day to have a protein cookie. But I'm totally fine without any of that stuff. I think the only thing because he specifically said, like a true protein pancake is oatmeal protein water. Egg whites. So it is actually exactly what you'd be eating anyway. So that one is one of the few where I'm like, it makes sense to me and it tastes good. I'm with Ron and the other things are like, anytime I see it coming, oh, we got this great protein pizza. I'm like, it's not great. Number one, it's expensive. Number two, it does not taste like this pizza at all. And you've lost me right there or these cookies, these brownies, I'm like, eat a brownie, don't eat a brownie. Those are the real lines to me because when you're, when you're bodybuilding, those things aren't an option, you're at a certain time of year. So it's time to thought. And if you are someone who's working on a lifestyle, part of working on a lifestyle is understanding that it's actually not hardcore to never eat anything. To me, that's actually a sign of weakness because you can't eat anything or you'll go off the wagon. Truly being hardcore is being able to control yourself and saying, I'm having a cookie today with this meal and I'll be fine and I'll be bound by diet tomorrow. You know what I mean? I feel like a lot of people who, you know, tote their horns on being super hardcore with things. It's actually a sign of weakness. If you have to eat perfect seven days a week or you'll lose your mind, hmm, think you're off a little bit. So you're better off to not eat the crappy cookie that has protein at, save that for the day that you have your treat meal and take my advice. Go to the drive through. It's not imaginary, but it's very fast at Chick-fil-A and get the veggies. Scott, I'll have to try it. I'll have to go there. I'll have to drag Victoria along. It'll be like, I know. I'll be just, save a six pack. I mean, think about that, just saying. It's not cheap though. So one thing all I had is, I think a lot of times those like protein enriched foods. I think I bet with the pancakes, he's talking about those Kodiak cakes. Where's the answer? Yeah, the protein pancakes. They don't taste as good as the regular pancakes. And then they have a pea protein in it. I think it's a pea concentrate. A lot of the proteins aren't going to be as good quality as getting a high quality way isolate is. Right, right, true. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. I don't need it. I think it was like, man, they're like these myoplex brownies that they had at Walmart. And when I worked for the pop company, the directions on it is said, you could heat it up in the microwave for 10 seconds. And I can't remember what kind of protein it had in it. But I would eat one of these things and they were so freaking delicious. And then I would just have the worst gas for like three hours. I just the worst. It wasn't even like the smelly gas. It was just like a lot of it. Just like just wouldn't stop. This gas just kept coming. But guess what? I'd go back and I'd get another one the next day. I did that. Like two ones. I was like, I don't care. I took good. Oh, no, I dropped it. I was alone. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And I remember when all like the zero carb stuff started coming out with all the sugar alcohols in it. Yeah. Yeah. And we started having like, you know, like, I don't know. What was the first no carb bar? Like before Quest, like, I don't know, like way back. But I remember like the first one that tasted okay. You know? Yeah. No, that's like the chocolate chip cookie dough was like, I was like, oh, like these are good. Hotcakes. But, that's, that's what the ones that made the bottom of it. Yeah, that's the best. Yeah. Yeah. I remember like eat in a whole box of Atkins bars or night. Oh, that's so funny. I, you can even see the logo now that you remind me. I ate a whole box. And they were really small. Like they were really small. They were really small. They were like, you know, 100 calorie bars, right? Kind of targeted at at women, right? There's a 100 calorie treat. And, uh, ate a whole box when you was 20 of them. Oh, man. Like, I remember just being in the bathroom and just taking, oh my God, what have I put in my body? Like, what have I put in my body? Like this is what am I saying? I put it eat the wrap. Yeah. Like, what was that? Yeah. Like, you know, what am I 30 years old at that point? I'd never seen anything like that happen to myself. Oh, my God. That's saying a lot considering the life he lived before. Yeah. Oh, yeah. I remember here's a funny story. I'll just say a close friend. I won't throw one to the bus. We do very successful. He's very successful. Let's say he's a very renowned profession. Very looked up to in his life. Dusty Hensho. And, yeah. Dusty Hensho. No, you lost the renowned profession. He actually told me, he actually told me the only two people who know this story are his wife and me. So I won't say his name. But he said they were in the States on a holiday. And it was when baked or lays. So I mean, first and made. Dusty Hensho. Oh, I'm going to, yeah. So he was a laser ruffles. I can't remember. But they came out with this new potato chip that was fried in an olic acid. Yeah. Is that, is it olic acid? Is that what it's called? I don't can't remember what it is by, I know what you're getting at. Yeah. The synthetic fat that doesn't digest. So just passes through your body. And the FDA approved it. And yeah, he's going to look at it. I'm just going to look at it. I think it's called olic acid for some reason. But anyways, it's a fat substitute. It was, I don't know if it's still approved. But it was approved. And lays or ruffles or somebody came out with this. So it's a fat free chip. But it's still fried. Right. So it's crunchy, tastes like a normal chip. But the fat just goes right through your body. It's a whole bag of them. He shits the bad that night. He's like, he's like, he's like, he's a pretty year old millionaire at this point. And he's in bed with his wife, 40 year old, million, self-made millionaire. The shit's so bad. He's humiliated. He's like, oh my god, I wake up and I'm shit the bad. It's stomach. Yeah. Olesstra. Well last, yeah. Yeah. Fat, no calories. Made from sucrose and vegetable oil. So Olesstra is the brand name of it. But there's also a chemical name for it too, right? Yeah. So I don't know if you can see that anywhere. But, but. That's something amazing. And then he said that he told, he, he, he asked somebody about it. He said, yeah, that, that, that Olesstra stuff. Like, man, I don't know if that's good for you. And they said, oh, yeah, I make sure you don't ever eat a whole bag of those. And he was just, he was already good. He did that. I remember at the Arnold, and Skips told this story on the podcast. So I can say it. But he, it was when, best, forever. They had all the whole food bars, right? And they were like, shelf, they were refrigeratable, stuff like that. And because they were made out of like actual foods, it would go bad. They, they got a deal with like right-aid and stuff. And they made the shelf stable bar. And they launched it at the Arnold. And Skip was just eating bar after bar. And at one point, Mike, Mike Clay, the owner, was like, how many of those bars did you eat? Skip? He's got to get that southern accent. Skips, like, oh, like, ate of them. His face. He said, well, he panicked. He said, I've never known anybody who ate of them. And it's all this like non-soluble fiber in these bars. And needless to say a couple hours later, we're walking around. He's like, I gotta find the bathroom. I gotta get to the bathroom now. And of course, we're in the X-Pos. So he had to find the bathroom in there. And, uh, oh God. He's someone else who just wheat outside the bathroom for like 10 minutes. We're finally, we're like, well, just, we'll catch up with Skip later. Just leave him there. It's over. Yeah. I never see Skip again. Yeah. Yeah. And we're supposed to imagine that at the X-Pos. Oh, dude. Yeah. Dying in the dirtiest bathroom in the history of the world, which, by the way, Arnold UK bathrooms flawless. Really? Yeah. They've got good manners over there. That's the different word. I was shocked. There was always soap. Yeah. Hands free. So dry and washing. I have to say, I don't know if it's just my experience, because I'm such a vet, but at the Arnold Classic, at the Arnold Classic in a whole, I know, hi, oh, and I have, you know, everyone knows my rants about the bathroom there in the past. Yeah. But I had a bit of a digestive situation at the Arnold this year. I remember in the bathroom, I said, did Dusty, I'm gonna have to leave the booth here for a little while. And so I left the X-Pos and I went into the hotel a little bit, like, and then found the bathroom arm. Nice, nice and clean. Yeah. Yeah. No one in there. Just saw it myself. Quite good. Oh, yeah. Yeah. You got to put in the X-Pos. I got to work out. You can be X-Pos all three times. Anyways. Yeah. What's next, buddy? Well, you brought us a physique critique, didn't you? Oh, yeah. Yeah, Nate. Nate is very Nate. Let me see how it's, let's start finding these pictures up here. Let's see. Here's a front last. This is Nate Lift 8. So I got it. Say, you know, I've had multiple people send me messages on Instagram. Saying, hey, would you critique my physique on the show? And I got it, Matt. A lot of times, I mean to save the message. And then I look and I just simply can't find it again. Oh, my gosh, shit. I can't remember who sent me this picture. It's tough to remember. You get this so chaotic. I think I put it on red and maybe I didn't. Yeah. So anyways, however, Nate, I actually realized I had missed his message completely from a couple months ago. So I figured we'd give him a, you know, give him a look. Yeah, absolutely. Nate Lift 8 off Instagram. So this is him currently. Okay. So he said he's about 260 pounds in these photos. Okay. What gives you an idea? I don't know. Throw the side line. Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, sorry. Sorry, sorry. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. You know, yeah. So these are the currents that are on 260. Um, big dude. No, wait a minute here. Don't be loud. Oh, sorry. No, these photos are he's 237 in these photos. Okay. Okay. Still a big news. He's 237. 237. Um, been on TRT for a while. He's about to start a blast. All right. And he's only 237 here. These were from January. And he's saying now he's hit 260. Because I missed this message. This is okay. Oh, okay. So go. So it's assuming he's a little fatter. Because he just had a blast in better of an eaten. Yeah. Yeah. And then we also. 237 though. Yeah, yeah. Good 237. No, let's see. I know I sent you a couple of shots where he looks like he's died a down a lot more off his Instagram. Yeah. I'm not sure what he weighs. I just to give people an idea. We'll show what he looks like. You know, kind of dialed in. So there he is there. Dialed in. Look, it's got throwing shit up. Boom. There's a bad guy. Yeah. So he has pretty lean. The hands are dug right out. It got some straightions on the glutes. Looks like he could pull the condition in a tad on the glutes. A few more pounds. But I'm not sure how many weeks out that photo was. Looks good. Right. What do you think? I mean, the tricky thing with someone who is at this level for me is we're not going to tell him anything he doesn't know. Yeah. Yeah. And that's the, you know, so this is more when I like to critique these. For example, here's something that I like to point out when you look at a picture like these. Look at his rear last spread in this picture. That word, that word, that word on the screen. Then if you think of the one that just had up in condition, you realize that there's a lot more depth to his back than you would think. Looking at him in the offseason. But that said, that's a one area that I think he could definitely get some more depth in. More 3D tailing there because he's sliced there in the back at least. And I can still see there's not a lot of separation between muscle groups in there. There's not a lot of depth in that shot and that light doesn't get much better. So I would definitely spend a lot of time working on thickness because the width is phenomenal. When he hits you, it's double. Good. Good. Good. So you could see that as well. Like, there can be quite a bit more added in there. That said, obviously the current pictures, the more, the more current are the offseason. So maybe that's something he's already working on there. Yeah. I mean, he's, he's got it. I mean, he's done really well. He got a great physique. He's been ripped that ab-fi looked good. I mean, he looked really good in the end. Yeah. Nice. As medic look in the front. Good quad doesn't stuff like that. But I think to take his physique to the next level, he needs, you know, just size everywhere. Like, this thicker. You know what I mean? Like bigger arms, you know, thicker back like dusty said, you know, more quads. I think he's probably if he's, you know, built like this. He's probably really strong and probably trains really hard. Like, you know, these guys don't, you know, look like, you know, look like this unless you're like, you have to wait and train in hard. Yeah. Um, so I think maybe my advice to him, like you said, Dusty, there's nothing we can tell me doesn't already know, right? Like, we're not going to teach him how to go to a row. Um, but I would just say just really focus on trying to make everything that you're doing in the gym as quality as possible. You've already moved to shit ton of weights. You've already done a lot of bodybuilding. Um, just doubled down on making sure everything is is, you know, controlled and you're getting the most out of every set and that sort of thing. There might be a little bit of room there, who you can pull a little more efficiency out of your sets. But yeah, the physique is on its way. Just a matter of- There's nothing as blatantly missing. You know what I mean? No, like, great. Yes, that's what I was trying to figure out. Like, is there anything, and I was going to ask you guys if there was anything that stood out to you to say, like, hey, he should work on X-body part. But I think there's just quads from the front on that last bread. The one thing I would definitely say is, and I say this from experience, when you don't have a lot of quads sweep, get your ad-after in hamstrings as big as possible, and that will help the size that your legs look like from the front. Yeah, because he's not going to, like, and this is something that people get confused and like, he's not going to suddenly have wacky quads sweep. You know, and again, I say that from experience, that was my legs. It's like, you know, and I guarantee you his legs are bigger than you would think if you may. Because the way he carries it, is just when you have sweep, things look drastically larger, because they're sweeping in and out, you know what I mean? But he can- he can definitely just continue. He's got good ad-afters, but I would just keep jamming to the point where they get ridiculous. It's something that don't, they hammered on me, and it definitely helped particularly from the back because look out, when his hands are carved up the way they get, imagine just a little more thick just in that ad-after, just how much wacky are they would get? Yeah, I can see that in that side shots that you put up for a second there. He's not showing the hamstrings that he has. Yeah, I'm trying to get back to that one. Yeah, if you can pull that shot up, you'll see like, his hamstrings are much better than that- that posing needs adjusted, and he- a good posing coach can put three inches on his legs in five minutes. I would twist that side, chest more too, and bring up, you know, square it out more. Yeah, he's posing small, which is something a lot of people do. I don't know what that is. You are much bigger than you appear in that photo. So like we're on said, you know, twist that upper body to where it's- it's damn near a most muscular from the shoulders across the top, and then you need to hook that hamstring under the leg behind it better, so it drops. Yeah, because he's got hamstrings for days, I saw them. They're corded out at a control. Time-play. Awesome. Time-plats had incredible legs overall, but when I try to talk to people about ad-ductors, I like to pull this picture up, and then I- I'll take my hand and cover up that ad-ductor and say, how big would his leg look by comparison without all of that ad-ductor? The ad-ductor, I think- I mean, he's got a crazy sweep. Don't get me wrong. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. It's like so much of that leg is his inner thigh, you know? I just love that his inner thigh touches almost to his knee. He's right. Because let's all pay attention to the fact that his calves are also almost touching. So that's how much that is there. Yeah, I hate him. Anyways. I hate everyone that's better than me, and that's a lot of people. I think that was, I think that was about all we had. We had a couple like leading topic type questions left, that we could potentially say for another show. Do we have anything that we want to finish on? Any stories about any, like, Olympians that had offered you guys fish at any point that you turned down, or anything that you couldn't believe that? No one would ever turn down fish from an Olympian, especially a Mr. Olympian. That's just not going to happen. I actually had a listener named Pauan. She came up to me at the show on the weekend. Yeah. And she comes out to me and she's like, I can't believe he didn't eat Dorian's salmon. I love her. She's great. She's great. Yeah, if she's the person I'm so kind of, she shares her stories and shares her show and stuff all the time. She's awesome. Which I just share with you. Share that moment with Ron. I mean, I thought I knew you. I know. It was like, I'm almost satisfied. I just hear that story before I hired you. Because I felt like that. It's like that moment you see where the girls like, why don't you come up for a coffee and George is like, no, I don't drink coffee tonight. You know, I can't sleep. She's like, no, that's a super coffee. No, I don't, that's okay. Go up coffee. Yeah, thank you, though. Thank you very much. It seems crazy. It's nine o'clock. That is like, get himself. I should have had a car coffee. Oh, I see. That's amazing. Not quite the same, but in that same, you know, regret regret. I didn't accept this gift from this person. Yeah. Listen, there should be a higher regret. There's plenty of girls off in your go up to their room for coffee. Right. There's only one more. But no one will never offer me salmon again. No, you, yeah, you missed the button. Ronny, here's that story. He's not going to be a Jay's not going to give it to you. No one's giving you the salmon anymore. I also want to box you. I want to ask you guys one thing. There's a few people, a sense of comments on the video. And now on the real. There's a few people that are very upset that we said that Jay trained to failure a bit. Oh, did they do that? Did they, did they, did they do that? They should have showed up. She's not spotting him. He just has her there to be in the video with him. That's his wife. He's just trying to include her. She's not really spotting him. It's like, like, it's crazy to be upset about that. First of all, I can't believe that some people are like, you know, kind of, you have a wrong, the one guy was like, you're wrong, you're wrong. Yeah, yeah, I see that now. This is very interesting. There's like several, there's a lot of people who pull you. Anybody, right? There's a lot of people out there, though, that are, that it really hurts their brain to think about Jay potentially, you're pretending to failure. Never did, never did. It's like my, or my grandma, you know, my Jay ever did a set and failed to get a wrap. Ever, my grandma loved Elvis. She absolutely loved Elvis. And I had seen something about Elvis a documentary and they had, they had talked about how he actually at times shot his television set. Like this is, yeah, a no-in fact that he did this. And I said to my grandma, I was like, yeah, I heard that, you know, the blah, blah, blah grandmother that he would shoot his TV. And my grandma said, she said, Elvis would never do that. Flat out. That's, I'm having a flashback to that conversation right now. Like it's actually documented like the police were called once. Yeah, yeah, yeah, like never have never do it. That was this crazy x-wife. It's why she left her in the first place. Bruce Springsteen, Bruce Springsteen even has a song lyric. You know, he buys a, uh, buys a gun and just like Elvis, blasts his TV set with it. Never. It's funny. You know, Bruce, Bruce, and he was also a liar. Just like, yeah, Bruce Springsteen lying. Yeah. Yeah. That's kind of the vibe. I got the upsets. Hey, wait, is that the moon to make fun of anybody? I don't mean to make fun of anybody. You know, we're just making fun of you. He's when we quote them about dusty dust. Yeah. It's like, even all in dusty. But hey, so, but what, what, it's like failure isn't. Carry happened to like lift the bar off his chest. That's not failure. Failure is you need three pounds of help to get even three pounds of help. Is a four strap like yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So when she puts her hands on his elbows in that video and her biceps engage, she's now spotting him. Like, sorry, it's like if someone touches you the bar, you don't get credit for the rap. Like, I can't give you the rap. So yeah, I think there's some failure sets in that video. I think there's some failure sets. There's a couple of rap. All the time, bells were never shot as television. Never never. Never TV. Yeah. He didn't. And Elvis didn't die on the toilet. No. He actually, if he asked my grandma, if he asked my grandma, he was still alive. Really? Is he an Argentine or a Hitler? Nah, I think he was in Kailum Azou. Last I heard Kailum Azou. Kailum Azou. Yeah. That's amazing. He's good. He's got a farm. Oh, grab my love. Yeah. She was the best. Okay, wow, we love all the comments, even the ones that Seemup said it us. We love them. They're actually great for the algorithms. You guys can go ahead and fight amongst yourselves. I have a sign. If you want. Yeah. We still, we still, and here's the thing, we can still be friends. If we don't agree, Yeah, let's go into failure. I truly mean that. Yeah. I like that. Do you see, let's joke it out. Next time I talk to Jay, I'm going to say, hey, were there any sets that you, you know that you, someone give you four strips on? I wish I could do it in a impersonation if they just, you know, they just feel like nah. I think wrong. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Never. Never. Yeah, you could, how would you, could you do a Jay impersonation? Oh, it's like, can't like do it on the spot. It's interesting. Organically, you know, yeah. In our these guys, you saw them giving me credit. You're running into it. It's like a Jay Chris. Kind of combo. Okay. Yes. It's a new England thing and I don't quite know how to do it. You kind of were getting into the little. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. There were seven t-shirts on the garage. Yeah, there was a lot of pulling it out on a granddy. You know, 100 grand out of the garage. I mean, like, it's crazy. And these these guys, they're ordering the shirts and I go to the expose and I see the shirts and I just did just awesome, you know. But Jay, did you ever go to failure? You know, well, you know, I trained the low and I had I had Eric there all those years. Sorry. That's so good. Such a good chance. I got to hear from each kid a little bit of a lot of like there it is. I know. It was like the line too. That was good. You should have absolutely thrown it in the yes, just so we could have won because now we've lost. Yeah. I know. Okay. Okay. Oh, I'm glad to meet you guys last time. It's feeling like I wasn't contributing today in the different part. Those, you came through the end. This kid. I've made it crew. That one's for the hashtag last five minute crew. So that's for that. That's right. It's wrap it up here. Okay, everyone. Remember, like, share, subscribe, comment, and ring the bell. I was going to put some Elvis on the end, but I kind of backed out at the last minute. Yeah. Yeah. Um, remember, I am mutant.com. Good. I'm, you know, com get your ISO, search, get your all in and everyone should get on the gear. And don't forget the new mind FK. FK. He's saying how everyone. No. Check it out. I, uh, I have to say I took a half a scoop. Yesterday before I went to ride my little bike. It's a little like. Yeah. And I was expecting to suck because it's been almost two weeks because I was traveling and stuff. Yeah. And actually had a great session. I like pulled by my tricks right away. I got to practice some other stuff. And I was like, I wonder if that was it. So we'll see. I'll give it some time. I watched the day. The day I took it, I after we did the show, I went to the range to do some practicing. And, uh, I was very on the ball with it. Like, I fell tight bundles. Cluster. It's good. It's good. It's quick. Quick. You pull, you pull the sheet in. There's just one hole. Yeah. All your boards went to the same hole. Yeah. Well, I hate to point this out and trump you both. But uh, I came to this podcast prepared for the first time. And I used it today. Whoa. Oh, that's why you were organized. You were just going to do it. You were just going to do it. You might as well. Yeah. So there you go. Okay. It'll change your whole life. Yeah. Apparently. Okay. And thanks for all the continued comments on the Expo Arnold Classic Expo videos. Nothing but great feedback. People coming up to me saying they loved all the Expo videos. That's even the ones that were even the ones that were kind of short and cut off like the Clarita one got kind of cut off suddenly. And they said they just loved how raw it was and it went really well. So like I said, we're going to we're going to lobby Newton to maybe do the same thing for the UK. That would be awesome. That would be I would love to do that. And apparently we've got people there that know who I am. So I want to hang out with those. Okay. Thanks everybody. Thanks Dusty. Thanks Scott and remember it's just body building.