I just got this guy from Chris. I just got this back from the club. I said Oh, there it is. Do you still call me the Canadian trendmaster on your phone look at the top of the page? Everybody welcome to it's just bodybuilding episode 144. We're gonna do Instagram questions on this one with Scott McNally dusty handsha On the screen of our generation Yeah, well Be for my point of view. There you go Okay Like share subscribe comment ring the bell and we're gonna start yes Instagram question time Not the only one with with I got quite a few I have more I have some two We're good dude we back this shit up today. Oh No, thank you a lot of motive Bring it was on my bad. Okay. Here's what here's one for you dusty shoot and Scott does the end Scott What what gave you the confidence to start coaching and what inspired you to start coaching? Well for many people started asking because I had helped a couple people there just friends And went to a show and it was just Being a friend and hanging out and then after the show and after the placing really well people asked and I knew I didn't really know Enough to charge so I was like, oh, we'd fun and I Probably trained for about two years before I took any money for anyone Because I was telling people up front like this is all I know what I know There's a ton left to be known. Oh wait flavors interesting. Should I go purple? Yeah, give it a go the greet or the blue one yeah the teal is really good. I like I haven't tried to put up I have a trophy astamango Ultra violet Hmm, I feel like a party. I think I'm gonna fiesta mango. It's good. Okay. It's a good. You know what? Really what dusty Fiesta mango's a daytime drink It's a good point Right violet the violet one. That's an evening. That's an evening Yeah, you sip on that when you're just gonna calm down for some mushrooms Yeah, or you you sip it off a strip or sass But Scott doesn't get a tattoo on that day. No, there we go It's work in a work because the episode 143 they know now. Yeah, but if they haven't seen that episode my strip or sass comment We'll really seem out of left field Even better even better with the You're human australia, so what the hell That was not how exactly what happened Or you say that you did not have a hooker in your room and I said You make it sound What he says it All right Okay, Scott you have to answer that for my what inspired you start coaching same same thing with me I had the confidence because I it started slowly, you know I had my own success and people started asking me questions and it got to a point Where I was investing so much time into helping people for free that I was like if I'm gonna keep doing this Which I love doing I have to make something for doing it so you know I started charging but yeah, I guess it's kind of different nowadays because there's people that are just like hey I've never done anything but I want to become a coach and then they just They just put it out on Instagram like I'm taking 10 10 clients actually I did I took I took a bunch of clients for free to ward the start So Before I started charging money to people I put these I had these little projects that I put out online Through this supplement company I was working with and I said hey I'm looking to take 10 clients on and we're gonna do a blog I'm gonna explain how we're dieting them along the way and I got paid to do that too because it was kind of like an educational Thing that kept people coming back to the website and then we posted the pictures all along But I tried to pick 10 different people like very different body types So I could try to you know get more experience and it was after that I was you know I did that a couple two three times and I was like yeah, I want to start charging for this now. So That's cool. All right, so it seems to be the same story with all of us I had a friend asked me to help him with a body transformation Do you remember the EAS Body transformation contest? Yeah, like that's what he wanted to do so it was like would have been 1999 And he asked me to help him so I helped him and he looked incredible like he fucking transformed And he sent his photos in and they messaged him back and they they they were like your photos are killer The only thing is when he sent his after photos in they were like very body builder like he was wearing posing Shrongston he was posing and they were like we were looking for you know the kind of the the Dad holding the like with thick swim shorts holding the newspaper like your photos, you know You but you know you made it to like whatever level of screening and all that stuff so he did good He looked fucking awesome and and and and then I helped the guy for masters national He was actually my second client ever Master's life second client. Yeah, he he just asked me to help him and I I said okay. I'll help you And he wound up like transforming like he looked so much better at the nationals that year and he got second And yeah, and then just guys at the gym just started asking me to help them for shows and You know just went really well You know couple guys one like you know one regionals local shows like overalls and stuff and then people just kept asking and So yeah, it's been a lot of fun, but it was just an evolution I sort of got sucked into it. I didn't really mean to I didn't like ever at any point think I'm gonna be a coach and then I think I was at the point where I probably had like Because like full-time clients and I still was like, I don't know if I even want to be a coach like You know like it wasn't like I said out yeah like I didn't ever set out to do it. It was never a thing I like I want to be a coach like it was never like that it just happened So but you know, but I still you know I love getting people in shape for shows. It's awesome. It's so so fun, you know I'm actually surprised Scott when I went in Canada or is the people that live there don't work with Ron and the reason I say that is I've been to Enough shows in Canada that it's comical that I can pick his clients out. Yeah I'm like oh you have this one in music. Oh yeah, I did and I'm like yeah because they're fucking shredded like it's Literally and because he won't say this, but it's funny Ron also on the regular takes like two clients into a show and then wins both of those overalls and we used them like yeah this guy we're here with 76 clients. I'm like I would go to the guy who comes in with one in wins like yeah. So I'm gonna go to the guy It's it's it's it's it's it's such a different thing now a lot of people you know a lot of people want I'm just not as spreadsheet guy and I can eat any spreadsheets. You guys you know both of you guys are very humble too About your coaching is you know a lot of people they're out there and they're like you know I'm the best and I'm the master shredder or what you know they come up with their names Right you I know neither you guys really do that but the people I see you work with both do or real You guys really both do a very very good job Chris is Sito When we message he calls me the he literally calls me the Canadian trendmaster And even programmed into his phone as the Canadian trendmaster Doesn't have I don't think it says Ron let's show me a screenshot I was calling him any to a screenshot of his phone and sent it to me and it says Canadian trendmaster You'll you'll love this run so my friend Daniel term pro last year and Masters and he's decided he wants to do like two shows but like back to back and then be done How you just wants to choose shows his body brother As a pro would be done so he Reach out and he's talking to me about getting ready for shows and keeps mentioned him I was kind of like waiting and then he finally was like I'm ready to compete as like You think you should just work with a seat out and I get this is that an option and like will if I Ask him it's an option so he's like of Of course I want to work with a seat. So I send Chris I said hey I got a guy that's friend of mine that won't waste your time Will you take him on for for these for these two shows is answer back was will he eat a potato even if he doesn't want to It's lost because I like this is how Chris talks because everyone comes to him and they tell him this I'll do anything Whatever it takes I bleed for this sport and then he's like I've eight ounce pear like can I have rice? He's like Really eat a potato even if he doesn't want to that's the line Like Chris is so down the like that is the filthy I'm sorry So I I sent it to Daniel a screenshot I sent to him because I did that fucking thing rotten if he asked Will he eat a potato Can I have rice That was it I'm like it only people who know Chris well understand that that is and there was no like back and forth first Because I don't do that whole like you know when people like want to borrow money for me They're like hey Ron how's it going how's Emily how's how's the dog Jim going good and then they go kind of ten thousand dollars I just hit yeah, I'm like can you help my friend or can I borrow a 10 grand like we don't need to do the bullshit Let's go so yeah, that was his answer back with no other words will he eat a potato? You know he doesn't want to I just got this guy. I just got this bad from Chris. I said Oh, there it is Do you still call me the Canadian trendmaster on your phone look at the top of the page? And there it is Oh, that's classic Good shit. He's one of my favorite people in the sport and all behind us So when we were when you said like you didn't really want to be a coach Ron I kind of did in part of it was looking at guys like Chris To me that was fascinating and I wanted to like you know I wanted to kind of do something Something of my own like a guy like Chris aceto so yeah, it was something I wanted to do That's awesome. That's awesome Well, you keep getting clients and your clients have good man and we're all your both your guys clients look awesome Every time either one he would put anybody up and like I yeah the legs like the legs are always shredded You know All right, that's one question. I got a solid question for you guys This is my one of my great clients mark If you was a giraffe Where would you wear the bow tie top or bottom? I Look at around space you think you And for reasons for both Well The bow tie would go on the shirt and the shirt would end at the shoulders That's a valid point Right Elgeraf and it doesn't have a shirt, but it's wearing a bow tie and no shirt That's a different story now we're talking about a stripper giraffe It's a valid point does he just have cuff links and the bow tie? What do we got going on? I assume there's also a jacket and a shirt and then that would mean it would end at the shoulders So it would be it would be it would be at the bottom of the net I believe that's a few inches you have a collar, you know the beat. Yeah, I think it's the roasting in that Most of them I can't stop I feel like that's the right answer. I feel like now that you've presented it that way I couldn't see it any other way And you get it arguing the other way no unless the less Scott's giraffe is absolutely a stripper Right yeah It's got like well mind the chibbendel for sure and There we go time to tough Making good money and a rough economy Oh god, that's good stuff. That was a good one Did you see that I love that amber herd? Only fans memes oh God assume It's just funny like shows like the CEO of only fans sitting with his hand around her he's like you'll be right It's gonna be fine Okay biggest pet peeve from clients is it late check-ins bad pictures um Making it like what would it be typical Well, I mean the things you just said are valid but I don't I don't let them falling short on their goals affect me Like my my good clients are not laid on check-ins and they fill their shit in they do it right so I don't worried about that That's I can't be more connected their goals in them. I would say and this this is it's soft one because I'm not hammering And Mike the clients to do this but if I could make a suggestion to make their life easier Stop thinking Like I have so many clients that just That you could feel the engine start running as they get closer to the show and the mind just turn in and they're starting to think way too much You know, I get the week out of advance. What's what's gonna happen for next week? What's the plan? You know, I'm thinking I'm a little flat and a lot of thinking and the thinking usually starts to happen when they're hungry Yeah, because they're worried and really they're hoping that they're gonna convince you of something I try my best just tell them If you can just trust That I will get you away. I want to do all need to worry about is the process every day Excute the day leave all the Worrying to me which I don't worry at all and you'll be fine So that's I hate you to be pet pee because in the beginning I think everyone is that way Unless you're me and you hire Chris Sedel and you literally like fall asleep You know when I first hired Chris I did I just knew he knew so much more than me that I didn't even think it was just Okay, okay, you know I think every athlete would be better if they could take that stance and literally taking any emotion out Yeah, I guess that's the word emotion I think when you're tired you're emotional and There's really no room for emotion in getting ready for a show Yeah, or in life in general. Oh, sorry Most of what you think is happening is Is actually just happening in your brain like oh? I'm flattered. Oh, I'm losing muscle low. I'm this and that. I'm you know what I mean? I need to eat my metabolism is slow and down I can feel it. Yeah, I say I hear people say stuff like that. Oh, you know, I know like my metabolism getting slower I can feel it. I'm a what do you mean you can feel it? I just feel it like that Very deep The energy that the universe sends you Yeah, you're generally not You're on 25 micrograms of sight ML You're not slowing down. You're fine So yeah, stuff like there was there was there was one person Who actually said that they physiologically needed a cheat meal Right That's just a big words. I won't understand that's frustrating I have a client how's this dusty? I have a client He has to be 180 to make his class at cutoff He started he pulled me aside at 24 weeks out and said hey would you prep me and I said sure I'd love to prep you. I'm a chef the way and he has to be 180 and I go what do you know? And he goes 235 And I was like that's a little big for 180 Yeah, I wish fat was he was he was he was he was he was clean And he was pretty pretty chunky and smooth like he didn't have abs But he was big he'd like had a lot of muscle on him and big quads and stuff Great physique he's actually a classic pro and I was like man you got fucking like he's big and like pretty offseason He's just been on straight diet From 24 weeks out to I guess he's five weeks out now So you showed me yeah, and he hasn't had a single high day or a single cheat meal And he's just been losing like three pounds a week Bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang like non-fuck and stop Just every single set of pictures get better and better and better and better and better and better Every he sends pictures like every second day and they're better Like He's fun You know But this hole I want you to hide day if I don't have like a pizza like my body's gonna come to a halt It's like this dude's been on like 20 weeks of deficit but his body's just flying because he had a lot of body fat to burn You know what I mean You know I mean he's getting close to needing a high day now after dropping like 40 fucking 45 times he's like finally needing probably getting close you know It's funny But yeah, you gotta be lean to have that stuff if you're if your glutes aren't coming in and you're not real lean Those high days don't I think that that's the promise people have all these high days And they're not anywhere near ready to have high days like all the years I worked with the cito where the first half of the diet was nothing Yeah, just worse just got worse You know and then next thing you know your eight weeks out and you look pretty damn good And all of a sudden the high days start coming back and then every time you have one so you can get leaner bang bang and this is just you got to be patient You got to dig yourself Into that big you know where you get all that weight off early, you know you got to run run for it Try to get ahead, you know and People have this sort of like There are a frayed to shrink afraid to lose muscle it just it's not as common as as you think Agreed yeah, I think you can you can definitely The only thing I have done and I've actually done this reverse. I don't know if you guys ever have I've given someone a day they didn't need because I knew it would be good for their brain and we had time Yeah, I can see that's a thing sometimes when you have time now you can like manage other things like their mental state Yeah, like sometimes like that no time No, yeah, no, lots of times There are times where I'm like you know what I literally look and I'm like Because I can feel you know it's like in sports, you know like you remember in football You get the footsteps and you know someone's coming to level you I can feel them about to get level them like oh here. We're just toss some a cheeseburger And it won't do shit to hurt us right but it'll help them mentally and I'll usually at that point Preface like hey, it's gonna be a minute. We got a ways to go but we could do this now your your body needed You know right like what I mean by body is your brain is attached to it Right yeah, yeah, managing the brain is a huge part of it. Yeah, that's uh there's definitely both sides of that So okay, I got another one Best tips for oh that could be two things on how you worded it. I'll skip that one and go back. Oh here's one for you If you have to give up one forever hats or chucks Persons and asshole is it all hats? All hats never wear a hat again or never wear chucks again you could switch to crox They're really comfortable. Oh I'm so mean I'm so mean I'm I'm I'm a shock some people I'm a shock some people I'm gonna keep my hat Because as much as I'm reluctant to say this Vans are very comfortable Yeah, there's always other like similar shoes, but it's not a shoe. I just as an old man and I know vans have been around But vans are like the or like the new school chucks for kids now like the cool kids are wearing vans And I'm not cool so I stick with chucks So there you go How about you one? Yeah, I can't I can't give up hats. I've always been a ball cap guy like since high school always work now cap Like all the time It's just uh, I don't know it's my little thing It wasn't like I started wearing one like when I got older and like my hairline started was Receiving or anything If anything I probably melted my closet You know what I mean? melted my fucking head here's one I have a couple of these. I don't know if you guys do Do you guys have any stories of meeting or interacting with any pro wrestlers? huh No Not like an interaction like I met the rock, but everybody's been a biobiles met the rock So that doesn't it's like hey, what's up to you? I need to take a picture I didn't care Yeah, go what are yours? Well, I have a few but I didn't know if you guys made it I thought do one for each of us. Yeah. I thought maybe I thought maybe Scott would because he's into Troy You know and like there's like a lot of wrestling around there for a time. Yeah, no I I never saw Hulk Hogan at powerhouse or anything. I wish man I loved Hulk Hogan when I was a kid. He was a badass. Yeah. I don't I don't have any stories like that My first well, I'm from Alberta and that's what he howdry is and Calgary is like the epicenter of You know wrestling in the 70s and 80s and even into the 90s for a lot of the world a lot of the the heart family came out of Calgary and their training facility was there the dungeon and the heart stew heart the dad trained all the heart brothers and all the heart Boys and all the other wrestlers that would come to Calgary to train at the dungeon and learn the craft and all that stuff So like Brett the hitman heart and you know Chris Ben Wah and like so many guys came out of that out of that area so like I have friends and went to high school with like Chris Ben Wah and like you know stuff like that crazy stories but The first pro real famous pro I met was roudy riety paper And that was like good yeah, that was that gold's things and I was there working out by myself when I was like 20 And I went to use a preacher curl I remember and He came over at the same time and I was like oh, you're gonna use this so he goes we could work in and but he had his hood up like and I couldn't see his face Yeah, and he was kind of limping he looked like a banged up old guy, right? And he goes oh can work in or whatever and I was like okay, and he did a set and then I did a set and then he said something to me and it was his voice I remember thinking like we didn't mean it and I was trying to look at his face because like it was like he was looking down and I'm like Find this size face I was like oh shit and then I was like after we were done to preacher curls I was like hey, you're like roudy riety paper and he's like oh hey man and then I said I was from Canada And he was like super cool took a photo with me and Talked me for a bunch so yeah, it was pretty cool. I was like I remember being like kind of like oh fuck How much he was limping? He was like a ramp on around the gym like he was banged up. Yeah, it was it was kind of as noticeable Yeah, those guys take a bean Yeah, I got to ask you Ron have you ever noticed how many great people you've met around a preacher bench? Yeah, it's funny, right? We took a couple of months and Make a lot of this Boy, maybe it's just it's like it's like it's in statistically Statistically a very popular piece for all the dudes, right? Everyone wants to preach a curl You're not gonna be much the adventure. So that's not a problem. They're not gonna be Yeah, you don't need a lot of famous people at the a doctor machine. It's not like oh yeah, you know I made friends with Montreal Man at the a doctor machine I'm gonna say that right like I met the ultimate warrior at the single hamstring curl Yeah, you just don't hear it's like non-ass you know you meet the ultimate warrior you meet them at the fact and you know the The bench press or the squat rack or something like that every time I think of like a standing leg girl I can actually I can I can actually hear Bennett talk about let's let's take a lying leg curl and make it a worse piece of equipment by putting a vertical Yeah, so Anytime so many matches that and I still use them because it's like at something else to do But it's not like I like the mechanics It's so true, but it's so fun. Well, my I'm gonna go on a little rant one of the leg pieces one of the leg pieces that I hate the most is the one that Joe Bennett calls the poopy press Which is that like well hammer hammer strength makes it and they call it a hack squat But it's not a good machine It's the hip one that you're sitting in and it's kind of at an angle and you hold on to the handles I fucking hate what a useless piece of shit that is It's a joke get rid of it if you're using it it's a huge ways to time you're limited by what your hands can hold You're so unstable Let's do an ass what you can do Caves on it but it's dangerous because there's no safety catch for cows Yeah, yeah, that's like I hate that beats it sucks. It's no yeah, it sucks. Yeah, just get a hacksquat get our belts or something but it must say it must say hacksquat on it because I have clients who send me that Yeah, hammer strength I think Oh That's a hack yeah That's a poopy press Yeah, they should actually label it that way now if you would like to get this used poopy press for 2795 poopy press for sale 2200 bucks coming get it Anyways, I just don't like that piece at this me it's terrible It's just it's essentially I mean essentially you're kind of leg pressing but you're just in a way weaker less stable spot that you could slide out of the seat Yeah, like a thousand pounds on you No, there's no way Yeah, not in a leg press leg presses far superior million times more more secure and stable and locked in Anyways, you know what I'm saying. It looks like a good PSA for the show. I like that. That's good Yeah, I feel like there was a rant though. There wasn't enough anger. Do you want to get angry about it? Are we good? Okay, well still well I don't leave the real angry rant to you. I try not to come across to angry You just send suit I'm a borderline loser every episode Second I've real back Yeah, but me and Scott just let him go we don't have to say anything or try to guide him Usually usually sort of reals it in itself. You know Okay Okay, okay Any old school Non-conventional exercises that you think are still worth doing Is there anything like old and weird that you still like Are you trying to people doing it more you do Jefferson's you ever done Jefferson's Great move really Bitch, you just alternate do you do like 10 one side 10 the other but I don't do it immediately same way I do any of my other Unilateral work. I do one Then I'll take a full break into the other So like like if I was trained with you Ron and we were doing like even even a heavy dumbbell row I do my right arm you would do yours and then I'd go to the other one. Yeah, that's a big deal Yeah, that's not what I do I just take like a 30 second break and then do the other arm that's why you're one side is so much Less stellar I also need And I alternate if I have if I'm equal Then I just alternate every set so this set I'll do left right next set I'll do right left But if I have one step in the last set Now you've given if you do left right and then the next set you do right left You've had even less rest for your right arm that went last yeah, but then the next time you do anything one arm You flip it it all comes out in the water you mean next time I thought you might like the very next set No, they all comes out in the wash you as long as you vary it you vary it all in time you're good But if I have like say a one by set that needed to be bigger I would always do that one first Yeah, I start with my left by step because it's stronger Hmm and then I try to keep myself on my right arm and this is this is interesting Probably stupid, but what I always did it was strong enough to be like three extra reps So I would say if I was doing like unilateral Hammer preacher curl I would do the left one and say I got 17 and I failed at 14 with a ride I'd put it down and take a second the pick it back up and do 30 yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, I do stuff like that all time Yes, I still did that team Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Left arm on Instagram because I'm strong Yeah, no, I do that same sort of stuff all the time or you just go to like like The failure wrap on this on the strong arm and then you do the other arm and you force wraps all the way to the with the number Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, just like add just throw everything at it fucking kill I Thank you for tuning into another podcast here at Think Big Body Building Media if we've provided value to you today Then please consider contributing to our show you can help support the show through Patreon Every $5 helps to pay for the software in the hardware and everything else that goes into making a podcast You can also contribute by using our code at true nutrition true nutrition has been our title sponsor for several years now I'm super grateful for them and I've believed in true nutrition supplements long before they sponsored our programming You could use our code. Thank for health supplements and performance supplements Feel free to hit me up if you have any questions and if you're in Canada check out supplement source.ca They have free shipping over $99 huge discounts on over stock short dated and label change products plus they have all your normal supplements too Thank you guys for listening to the commercial. I hope you're having a great day and that your body building is going well Let's get back to the shelf I mean is it is it possible to add to truly add muscle while in a deficit Well, yeah, I bet there's yeah drugs, but if you don't do that Well, it depends on what you were doing so like if you just started training and you just dropped into a slight deficit Then yeah, you're going to be able to add muscle for a while. There's that like period of time. You know So there's all these other you know things that affect that like What have you been doing? You know, are you you know, have you been training hard the whole time? You know what we're eating before you all the sun went to this deficit So it depends on what you kind of how you set your body up for that of course drugs are You know first time someone does drugs ever if it's a contest prep so a lot of times are wait doesn't even change You know Guys were they like yeah, they're yeah, they're do their first cycle. You know and they'll start their prep at like 250 and fucking compete at 205 like barely drop weight, you know So it had I do that almost every prep or the other career, but it truthfully was because My off seasons were next to nothing You were getting lighter and then as I got closer to the show Then the drugs are going up So you know Chris used to I literally have texted me laughing because you'd say you're great at getting shredded you suck at losing weight Yeah, because I would hit a point like before I my best look I was 270 on stage, but I want to say seven weeks out. I was 260 Hmm, okay, and then it just started climbing But it was because again we just We didn't use a bunch that Aussies and Chris kind of I worked with him You around and he would just be like, oh, I'll do this and I remember that prep I want to say we're like 12 weeks out and I was like, hey I'm just on test and he was like oh First semester on and you know, you know, training there and we'll go from there like so it was literally like we just kind of added it and because I was like Still haven't started any cycle yet. He's like, oh, we're gonna switch to do that then But I just lost I'm both did that for me. I would you four I use and one one contest So I went up to eight by the end a day and the scale was definitely going up, but I will argue they were it was worth it. I was round and I'm the least round white dude you've ever seen your life And I was like oh they shit it's almost another dimension not quite but almost Right, right. I'm 2.2d Not three Oh, you you had some 3d buddy What else we got? Let's see I don't know if people you know you haven't posted a picture of your back for a while you got throw up a Throwback Thursday back from a bite set one of these days Actually look there. Yes, does it fucking still there. That's cool. Well, I'm sure it's not going anymore Oh, there we go. Oh, here's oh These are always interesting questions to me so I'd like you guys to answer Because they're different things EA or WPI postworkout is one better than the other Well, I mean If I could only pick one I'd have a shake postworkout as opposed to just having EA I'm gonna have a shake There's you know I like the thing with the A a is very very short in the bloodstream Wayne Poutine is longer than EA but not as long as steak you know like yeah, it was all these different releases so I would probably go with the way protein postworkout. It's closer to food But definitely gonna be more satisfying if you're gonna like Call it a meal or not eat for a while like I don't know exactly what they mean by what's the follow-up meal to that You know, are they running home to have a giant meal or is this considered their postworkout nutrition? You know, is this like a worst case scenario story where I'm being forced to pick one of the other with no other options So I'm wish her had it tick yeah, right? But this had one I would have way protein, you know, yeah, I was just saying the only thing that I do with that and we covered this Couple episodes ago was After big body parts I can't eat or drink much of anything like back or legs So I can knock down 20 grams of EA's and then in 30 minutes I'm ready to eat My stomach's kind of settled down so I'll do that like literally at the gym just drink that on the way home shower whatever and then eat a meal and good to go Sometimes I shake you know they're like fucking me up when I'm nauseous This is one question. It's best tips for flawless peaking Right, but When I first read it I thought it said flawless packing and I thought it was like a travel advice question I got you I was actually far more excited Yeah, absolutely Let's I want to hear now. So let's get some ever see those those those Instagram posts Where it's someone folding a shirt and the most flawless speedy way ever using like a Piece of cardboard yeah, I'm like I'm like I always wonder is that working my size because yeah You're like you ever roll your clothes up in the suitcase I've seen people do that I tried I tried working for me I didn't have the success as you did it work. Yeah, yeah, it works for me I've adopted the rolling method for my super least Interesting you take the T-shirt like I mean yeah, you roll it tight and before you know You've got like you know six T-shirts in what would have been like four like three or four folded Area what are you doing do you have drawers that you put your T-shirts under you hang your T-shirts at home Dors for T-shirts yeah, I hang them color coat. So that's the prime I don't have enough I don't have enough space we have two closets and I have a lot of hoodies So they're off it's like oh yeah, yeah, yeah, I've got a really nice West Coast iron hoodie That's like super nice and it's too fucking hot. I haven't got to wear it yet But anyways You went so little burnt about that I remember when I talked to Jay at the LA fit He said something about traveling and and and he goes there you travel a little you travel in a lot again A and I was like yeah, and he goes he goes it's funny how some people think it's so hard And I go yeah, I go I know what you mean like you know Like you know people say stuff to me like oh man, it's just be deal and he's like it's just nothing He's like it's so is like like you get I could pack in like five minutes Is like it just oh it's like so easy The more you travel to the more yeah easier gets you know Yeah, Jay is like I don't even Jay is like I don't even think when I pack it just happens just instant like it's nothing Do you see you see I put up on the last trip went to LA I'm going through Secured at the airport and I realized how stressful this process is to everyone but me Huh, like I'm watching I'm watching couples I'm like you guys must hate each other by the time you're done with this process They're yelling at each other take a fucking choose off You got other people that act like they've never done it before you know they I'm like a Slees I'm like walking through security at seven in the morning and every time I travel I'm just like so chill not a worry in the world Yeah, yeah, it's baffling I literally I put a comment I was like I can't believe that people who travel together Like I actually said I said what watching people go through the TSA makes me realize the competing against most people in this world is easy because they're so fucking dumb It was painful to watch It's like Everything out of your pockets and then they go through it at beeps on them and there's like oh do you have something you're talking? Yeah, I've $76 in change. I'm like Do you have a dreamy boy? I referred to that as a refreshment. I didn't realize it was the same it's fucking liquid So don't put away I don't wear of what they're doing or how slow they are yeah I actually did do that once so Ron I went through and I had forgotten I had used my carry on bag to like Usant the sound and I threw all my shit in my computer and stuff and I go through and Like it comes the guy pulls it and the guy goes you got a knife and I'm like Who that yes, yeah, nice. I'm like no, no, just hey, dude He pulls out a fucking steak knife. I'm like I guess now you got a knife. Yes, yeah, I do And that I guess that was pre current age it was a big deal Oh, I got a giant steak knife at my bag Shocked that happens it happens I mean sometimes he gets someone who's not an idiot, right? So they look at you and they're like oh This is a bodybuilder who left a steak knife in his bag like yeah Well, if you were a little like a weird little businessman like dressed as a businessman You're acting super strange and you also had a book called how to kill people with a steak knife Then it might have You might have thought a little little worse than that situation. Oh, Scott's reaching for a bag I got this this is just my travel backpacks So this is like my carry on. It's got the zipper pocket for your laptop My keyboard and here and stuff but before I got my range duffel bag This is what I would put my ammo and stuff in in my guns for like eight months And I'm afraid to go to the airport now with this thing because they're gonna they're gonna swap it They're gonna like it's gonna light up. I guarantee Thanks, then I've got residue on my hands and it's all over my clothes like I'm gonna I'm gonna get fucked next time I go to the airport You're gonna just put a swab on me and think I'm a you know a bomb I have you Yeah, I had a friend of mine who got pulled and swabbed and he had just shot that day Yeah, yeah, he got hold and swabbed but he had video was on his phone of him shooting He's like, I don't know look look like we were just shooting any like had videos and they like looked and they like yeah I remember him telling me about that I'm trying to remember if he was coming or going from somewhere But yeah, they get the odd person and then there's also like military guys that are flying home Like civilian yeah, and they'll set it off sometimes So that's interesting. I don't know yeah, or they're bad things I would ever have to that is back in the day some of my loathings I've heard Yeah, let's do that. You know that's just man shit. It's fine It's like a rock on pot. Oh, it's a gun powder in your loathings and maybe we have a listener that can further educate us on you There was actually a time it wasn't actually for guys but it wasn't issue I guess Victoria secret had some loathings that for whatever reason there was something in them That could be an issue when they were swapping hands. I've seen that so I a bunch of like Completely, you know my mom gets tapped at the airport and it's like no, it's cucumber delight. It's fine I do laugh at how like often I walk through the scanner And there's like a big yellow square on my junk Like I've had my nuts padded down like a bunch of times and I'm like what's the fuck is I mean, I always wear one of two pairs of track pads because he got lots of steel my friend balls a steel Implant in there something Bodybuilders do you know that it off the I mean I immediately walk out and just go like this like it arm straight out to the side I'm like it'll get me yeah, yeah, it always does I've never not gotten mad going through that thing was that like a humble break from run there No, no, I think You were seeing an artificial balls I think it's probably more of more of a case of like all of the maybe like the poisonous metals from the underground gear We've taken the kinds of Settles and Artisticles and they all go off on airport scans for some You know I just know It's the yellow radio I'm trying one mine is very Oh, the nuts Shit yeah, it is it is Oh, this is really Realistically how long can you continue to build mass naturally? I'm turning 30 soon well I hate to be the guy that says it depends But it does it depends on how hard he's been going and how much mass he's already built So I think that like a massive percentage of your foundation can be built naturally Like a lot of muscle can be put on naturally so you know it depends on how hard he's been eating if he's been going hard like Fuckin all out you know eating and training for 20 years and or 10 years or 15 years then he's You know maybe tapped out but if he's just like recreationally lifting and he wants to get serious. There's still lots of room lots of room You know, can I keep a muscle in your 30s fucking tons of muscle pro body builders add muscle in their 30s so a regular joke and fucking I don't think that most people realize You're by too much change if you load it how much gas is left in the tank Or tricks in the bag between their training the training intensity they're sleeping they're eating their organization of all of the above I mean we've talked about this before like my greatest gains of muscle tissue and I know wrongs was the same It wasn't when I got the heaviest it's when I was the most psychotically perfect And that's something that Dante pushes all the time with guys he's is You need to set your off season up in a way that you can grow clean or like on TRT Because if the moment you can see you are absolutely improving while on TRT or clean Then you know what's gonna happen when you add the gas But the problem is in reverse If you just throw drugs at it they hide mistakes So you might not be gaining at all they're somewhat you were doing but then you throw drugs in and you're you're growing so like all everything's perfect You know what I mean? So it's absolutely something I've pushed on people I've got a few new guys now and One of the first things I like to do with people is see them train and I am stunned when someone sends me training I go oh fuck that's perfect Very very rare that the first couple rounds are really really good so I got like that my first answer is I assume a lot because I could pretty much guess They were training is not perfect and I'm pretty much guessed your diet isn't perfect We fix those two things then give you time There's your muscle right right I agree Okay, how long should a cycle be and how long is too long She got you got to jump first for once you've been quiet today. I'll say I'm just trying to let you guys you know do your thing I mean the show was nothing before we brought you on we've been told this many times We're fucking hobbling along And then you came in like Superman and saved this shit. I felt like your Trump coming into save us That's your guns So okay, I got I got some thought wait what was like questioning I forgot the question I do you know I totally did How long should a cycle be? Yeah, and how long is too long too long? is When you're starting to get health issues or you're not making progress anymore But if you were to say you know like I think back in the day we used to say like 10 to 12 weeks But if you're at 12 weeks and you were to say hand get some lab work see where I'm at and you're still making progress Then it's not too long, you know I'm known guys to run cycles past 20 weeks and do well with them. I think it comes down to You know what what are the benefits you're getting from it versus what are the costs of it? You know early on that first we'll say first six weeks of a cycle first you equates of eight weeks of a cycle that Benefit is probably gonna be really high and over time maybe it's gonna start reducing but where is that line? It's probably gonna be different Depending on variables depending on you depending on your training depending on your nutrition depending on the cycle You know how how far along are you and yeah, I don't know there be a lot it be individual But I can say that anywhere from six weeks to 24 weeks It would be my length of a cycle Okay, that was a good answer You got a lot of podcasts I'm your belt discovery It's like I could even add to that because I agree my only Edition is what Chris Cito always said which is there's no rules and bodybuilding Yeah, so make your decisions based on what's working or what's not working because I've also had cycles where at ten weeks I'm like We're done here Yeah, yeah, yeah No nothing's really happening. I'm not seeing anything that tells me I need to keep going down this path What are your having problems of some kind like your shoulders really fucking button Yeah, and you're like because it's the waste of my fucking time You just yeah, you got to like sometimes the best move is to just terminate early You know You know how to guy start a cycle. He got like five weeks in everything's going good and then like massive huge in a life change Massive life change so he's like, hey, I got to what do I do and I was like just let's just go back to crews for a while Get your get it being sorted out, you know get the stress gone, you know So yeah, sometimes because there's no show looming so it's no big deal right he could just like be smart and not waste time Yeah, so yeah No, that's good. It says make a tarot for delivery. Oh, I'm hoping it shows up finally Just tried calling me Diddy I couldn't you tried telling me I didn't want to ambush him. Yeah, yeah, I can get that I get that you're on life We'll tell him he finds out later when he's watching the show because we know lots of women watch us now Yes, yes There you go if we could get a push that guy that would be it would be a long of a cycle I was used to say six to 16 weeks Yeah, it was just my rule Do you guys do you guys remember? The British guys are gonna fucking laugh at this do you guys remember that Paul Born born soon born soon yeah born for Paul or some Warson yeah, I didn't make Dave crosslin talks about him. He was crazy with the dosing was yeah Yeah, yeah, I remember that was like a phase around like the 2000 era like the new millennium phase It was like front loading the fuck out of you out of a cycle and then keeping it shorter Yeah, so you'd be like okay. Well, what's long acting? You know you think okay Sustanon yeah, right you know that one test tester has like you know so they're for like 28 days, you know So he would take like five thousand makes a sustanon in the first week. Yeah, yeah Right and then like just and then you'd be literally done the sustanon and that would just run to the Where and then whatever the half life x you know expiration of the sustanon is that's the end of the cycle and all the other stuff comes down as well That's how he would structure his stuff, but it was like huge front loaded Yeah, and then it might just be like a hundred makes a probe every third day for the rest of the cycle That's all the total taken and the However long the cycle was wasn't that absurd necessarily just seemed like it but like yeah I was still pretty high doses, but like the front load was crazy But I remember everyone was trying it for a while because I was like oh make sense You're all fresh and then you just slam in all this fucking gear Yeah, it's everyone's like it makes sense Makes fucking yeah, I think there always trying to find ways to make things Makes sense Typically yeah, he's hard to solve things right like really they just want to find a way to take five grams of test at once and be okay Yeah I remember I remember I think we all tried some front Lo yeah, like it's like hardcore front loading back in the day a lot of test flu in that face for me a lot of test flu Little rough It was weird and I still at this point I Never got into I just never really I guess the drugs didn't excite me Really I just didn't care how to take them or so even now like I get questions and people asked like oh when is the most important time And my true answer was always like well, I would just make sure I took them when I didn't forget Yeah, I was I was And it's here to grow through this and like I just get it in fuck it's fine I had a friend of mine I'd be over in his house and he'd be like a shot day shot day and he'd like sing a little song and he'd like open up his kit shot day He's like all happy what would be in shock day yeah, and I was like I barely remember shot day Make he's like usually you remember three days after like fuck Shot day was one day. It's Thursday. Yeah, yeah, yeah It's like I remember leave I remember leave priest talking about how him and Paul Dillett lived together Yeah, and like he said he would load up a syringe Like and then like Paul would load up a syringe and then like leave it on the table and it would sit there for like four days And Lee would be like are you gonna take this he's a huge pub to take the Right spin here's on psych third He loaded syringes because I guess he'd preload a few at a time, but then they'd just wind up laying around And he's like I don't know how he got so fucking big he fucking hardly took any shots We're just gonna try to be hard to didn't need cardio so there's where this Yeah, yeah, yeah Okay, no, I had one yeah, we got to finish it we need like a finisher one. I got solid we got a little ways You got another was okay, you Well here's one What's your proudest moment body building or not? Yikes It's God I expect a phenomenal answer to be a no pressure I can't go first. I got to think All right God I don't know I don't know It's a tricky word Yeah, yeah, it's like things that I think are really cool for me I think of proud I think of like Most people can pair that to like a public Yeah, yeah, yeah, it might be like awesome I know like like like like Personally proud By my mom's truck was that but the reason was actually because I was given all the money back I think that's one thing that's kind of a funny Process like a lot of people like oh so awesome and I'm kind of like yeah, I still a little bit of 150 k Right if you're talking about that but it was that was something I just thought was cool to do It definitely hit me more than that 20 cars I bought myself But yeah, so I guess that would be it. I mean there's not a lot of done that I feel is Everything is kind of stepping stone in my mind we were actually talking about that today like as soon as I hit something Already before I hit it you just I'm certain thing about the next step in that thing So it's hard to be like oh, so proud of that Yes, once you have it. I got that's done, you know, I mean you've done some cool ship is like yeah anyways Until I'm pulling Elon Musk's it's just not that impressive Hmm, yeah, it's interesting because like you don't want to like I don't know Like you said it is not any of the things that You know done really for myself Probably something to do with the gym. I don't know you better fucking cool gym like Yeah, I'm trying to get there probably something to do with that like you know What maybe has to do with like you know getting through COVID and all the stuff that came with that and all the turmoil and You know how crazy stressful it was for everybody including the members and and you know when members come up to you and thank you for not You know well, they're not just thanking you, but they're also like I'm so glad you survived the process because there's like lots of gyms it didn't Yeah, yeah, and there's also two there's a bunch of gyms that have closed lately It's like they made it through But there was no momentum left at all Yeah, they were like they made it through but they were stuck in the mud and it just So they were feeling you know how we're feeling the effects now. Yeah, big surprise who had seen that coming yeah, right So we're just lucky we're just really fortunate one two Yeah, that's pretty that's cool. I am I'm pretty because that survived as well. I mean you had a two year gap where you didn't do it Yeah, yeah, and as soon as it was time like think about all the thing about television shows that they disappeared for two years How people wouldn't give a shit if they ever came back. It's over Yeah, that's like that's interesting That's something I mean as an out like I should say outside of but someone who's not involved in it I think that's a pretty Success for things that was not a lot of people know scoffer that was a hundred percent Ronsideal all the way down to the name was it really? Yeah, so it's like I'm not gonna came together. That's I thought the biggest show we've had consistently Yeah, it's it's I'm really happy about that So yeah, I don't know and then just also to You know I always for some reason was proud that I never Like you know I left home when I was 19 and I never Took any money from my parents after that like I was I left home yeah, I left home and I was like see yeah And I was you know I always told my dad like you know I'll be fine, you know that's sort of things so I was always proud of that and now that my dad's you know 83 just had his 83rd birthday and You know he's you know he's obviously Happy everything's turned out good and all that stuff so I'm pretty proud of that You know So I can't think I mean I I could I could say a lot of stuff but I'm gonna share one moment And it was that McDonald's actually I was you know how they have at some McDonald's they have like the two drive-through My phone's There's a lot of stress in picking which one you're gonna go to sometimes at those I haven't been to McDonald's in a long time though like I stopped at the About the time of COVID like I just stopped because it's it's got it's all messed up and I don't need it anyway, but anyway, right I was at McDonald's and I pulled up to one of the microphones and there was somebody at the other microphone and I placed my order And I was done so I pulled forward and The lady was in the she was like an older lady older like 50 with her husband in the passenger seat and she got very upset because she Was their first but she didn't finish rotors so she finished a rotor and she wanted to get in and you know and so there's that like my worst nightmare Is this confrontation You who's gonna go first now and she's she starts honking her horn at me I'm already in position like ah, I'm going first because I was already here and She starts honking her horn at me and it becomes like this big thing so I rolled down my window This is amazing And I was like I was ready to yell something you know of scene But instead I looked at her husband and I said you know what sir? I'm really sorry that you have to go home with her Every day something like that and he busted out laugh the lady was like red in the face She has like she's like screaming at me at the top of her lungs I didn't even look at her. I looked at the husband. I was like you know what? I'm really sorry sir that you have to go home with her and He just Busted out laughing like it was It was the last My wife used the situation right then and I just pulled forward I thought I love this I thought I was like I was figured I thought you were gonna tell him when you said you looked at him. I thought you're gonna tell him Shut your bitch I Can't he did I think I was He just didn't hear it. It's been found a little bit Nice for me. He was a little more a hospitality way of saying it But yeah, he died like he just started laughing so hard and really sorry so if you go home with her And then she was really pissed because he was laughing by the way She got one more ride and how was the ride home I guarantee he did not get a sweet and sour sauce. Yeah, they eat him without Might not be the proudest moment, but it was one worth sharing you know That's the best story. That's for damn sure That was pretty good There's nothing like a good a good roast that like silence is everyone. Yeah. Yeah. No, I mean What do you say to that? Well, paned out too because he was on my side You know he was like yeah, I got to deal with this shit every fucking day. No idea. You'll like yeah That's amazing Oh, man Okay, we got to do one more All right, I don't have a great one Okay Here's here's one All right, we've talked about this in some form many times Okay, but what does it begin or need to know about competing in a bodybuilding contest Is there any philosophical nugget you can drop on them as a beginner Anything that they'll think wow It's got a costume More than you think Signs they forward and blood you're technically a criminal Yeah Oh, shit, let's thank everything for real Once you've had high-tech once you've had high-test You can never see the world through normal lenses again Be careful sevens become tens Yes Make sure you're make sure your judgment is very sound Before ask a friend that is not on if she's as hot as you think she is yes having non-bodybuilding friend to filter to help you out with any sex-driver-lated questionable situations Right you need a friend who has like a normal Situation going on in his brain to kind of help you through That's process for sure yeah, I think should I be in this check? No, that's terrible idea No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no Red flag red flag you go through the Instagram all the red flags Yeah, no, I mean the only I mean the the answer that we've given a million times it's actually accurate is You're not as big as you think you are and you're fat or than you think you are yeah, I think I think if I was gonna throw something at it It would be that I don't think that You should do this Unless you are absolutely in love with the training Hmm, I think that like I just see it all the time that people that go down this road and they don't really love the training It's like maybe something they do is a distraction from their you know other issues or they just use it for fitness or It's really good that they're training. I mean it's really good for you to train and do cardio and all that stuff So sometimes they're like hey my old life was way worse and this is the healthiest option that I can be obsessed with Yeah, that's cool There we get that like all sorts of things. I mean we we've all talked about like addiction issues and food issues and all types of backgrounds people come from So sometimes it is actually a much better option Right and you know, maybe the situation they were in or whatever But I think for like someone who's actually like hey like I think I want to like try to go pro or really take this seriously I think I can win shows, you know, I think I've got what it takes You might have what it takes genetically you might have what it takes mentally and all that stuff But I guarantee you you know Chris Bumsted loves to fucking train Yeah, right Phil he loves to fucking train like these guys are athlete minded You know if they're not doing one thing they're fucking doing another for sure if Chris wasn't another to buy people Any more you think he's gonna sit on the couch no, yeah fuck no, no way he's he's gonna be Nothing that's what we do. He'll be fucking doing something Doing something crazy and athletic you know physical Maybe that's how you do machine or something. I don't know Kate Zook put up a story this week. I was pretty funny. He said I'm Closed on it in backwards we said when I was coming up I wanted to train like the guys that used to watch The world that I utilized he said now when people want to be like Chris Bumsted They don't train like him. They dress like him. They go to the gym Right, well, it was super like he read it. I was a god. It's accurate because it's I feel like doing a show to bring this back in has become an image thing More than what you want to do like when I want to compete I didn't know I need like two people that had ever competed and And During the process when I realized I actually didn't like competing but I loved prepping for shows Right all the things that people complain about and I used to say this Ron knows this and and I'm gonna I'm gonna pull a scott and full name him When Gabe Mohn was with us with mutant and he would prep for a show. He used to bitch about the prep And how he couldn't wait for it to be over and I always thought to myself And why the fuck are you doing this? Yeah, because if you don't love the prep It ain't worth it like right I like doing the prep I like going to I liked all of those things that made prep hard is what I enjoyed the most and I think when you talk to most People who truly love bodybuilding they feel the same way You know I don't think Chris Bumsted gets more out of a prep than I do and I'm never went and shit He's gonna win everything he ever does until it decides to stop yeah So there's some guys that I've met that they love to train and they're and they look incredible big and They don't they don't love to compete and I think it's a it's great when they recognize that early and they don't waste all a lot of their time and energy And you know what I mean? And they just bodybuild and be big and you know There's training but the there's you know There's training and competing I guess you could you could separate the tube but if you're if the question is bodybuilding competing then You've got to love the grind, you know a great you know the athlete mindset I'd say on the small like the lower level the first show That one thing I think I've seen guys running into or like the light bulb that turns on once they actually get to the show That whatever muscle you have going into this is great But what we really need to do is get you lean You know because you'll see guys that are like hey, I don't want to lose too much size They want to compromise almost and once you get to the first show then you realize oh I just need to get this fucking peeled as I absolutely can and You know obviously the more muscle you have with that the better But if you're not peeled you don't have anything, you know yeah Yeah, just get lean Okay, is that it is another episode Oh yeah, that was at least an hour wasn't it that was good. It was good. That was good. That was good. Okay Remember everybody like share subscribe comment and ring the bell Hey That's right no guitar any fine still no guitar. No didn't get delivered yet But hopefully I get it today, but yeah, I'll send you the I'll send you some pictures Scott. Yeah, please do Okay, thanks everybody and remember it's just bodybuilding I do skies all right. I get a piss. See you guys