And one more thing before we leave the subject. I wasn't sure if I was going to say this. Yes, I brought an out of him. Anyone who comes up to me and says that they want to chase a pro card is talking to someone who plays second at 10 pro qualifiers. And did 13 nationals and four North Americans. They have no fucking idea what the term chase pro card even is. And their wildest imaginations could they put together that concept from where they are at the point they make that statement. Hey everybody, welcome to It's Just Body Building Episode 76. My friend Dusty Han, Shawn myself, big Ron Parlo. Got a show for you today. It's on Instagram questions we're going to have a few laughs on It's Just Body Building. Hey Dusty, it's good word, man. I'm doing well. I'm doing well. I... I might have to build a second bike just so I can sell it. That's fun. Because I'm collecting parts by accident. How does that happen? Yeah, well because I built the bike. And then after I rode for like the first like six weeks my shoulders were kind of bothering me and I was on some forums and some of the guys were like, I think you need taller bars, man, you're a big guy. Right. And I'm like how fuck should you get taller bars? So I've got a taller set of bars or like an inch and a half taller, you know, just higher and a wider. And like, okay, fuck that's awesome there. And then the end of my bar was like hitting my seat. So I'm gonna count now I need to lay back seat post. So that's where I lay back seat post. Just a little bit. I just got like a one inch just a subtle one inch drop back at the top, right? Just to move my seat open the bike up a bit. And then of course because I put taller bars on I had to get a new gyro cable because I'm mindless too short. So now I got an extra gyro cable, extra set of bars, I got an extra set of pedals, I got extra set of pegs, I got extra seat posts. I got you need a frame. So I need a time and I got and I got two set of wheels with higher. Oh Jesus. Okay. Because I got my custom with this built, right? They took like three months to get custom wheels built because it was so short on parts. So yes. So what was custom about your wheels explaining this to me? Well, I had the built like I picked the rim, picked the hub, picked the spokes, picked the tires, had them built and sent to me. Oh, that's nice. That was like $1,000 US. Oh, shit balls. They got like the best fucking wheels. I got like top and like plus is hard to find chrome rims at the time and I wanted chrome rims. Right. And there was like a sold out because of COVID. So I've managed to find a set of chrome rims and then I found the hub I wanted, it was in Germany. So I had it mailed to me and then I sent it to the guy and he built it into my wheels. Just do a little shopping in Germany. That's it. That's that's you know you do the same thing, right? I think the key is above all else though is the fact that you've got, you know, just patiently waiting. Now, when you got your new wheel or your new handlebars, anything to do, you have to relearn your tricks. It was easier. No, no, it actually a couple of things. I was like, oh, fuck. Okay. Good. Okay. And my shoulders weren't bothering me afterwards. So it's like that was the main problem, right? Is just it was awkward. Are you known as the meathead that does bicycling on these forms? I mean, how do I very figured you out? So I'm joking. Yeah, there's a couple guys that are kind of like, you know, they're like, maybe they'll search you or something. Yeah. And then, and then people start saying, I mean, like, there's actually a bunch of like meatheads that that ride. There was a couple of times I found on Instagram, like this, there's just one guy, like, you know, he dead live 600 pounds, bench is four plates for reps. And he, he rides like park and street. Right. And he's like 240 pounds with covered in tattoos. And he does like he does like 360s off picnic tables over fences, bunny hops cars. Like he doesn't do any flat land, but he's he can like manual like back wheel, like coast forever all around the state park and drop down into pool and pull a 360 out of the pool and stuff. He rides like that. And then there's a guy who's like an old school flat lander. He's like probably 50. And so he does like old school 80s tricks, right? Like, man, me hoppers and cherry pickers and he like rides old school like that. And he's like a big dude like he's jacked. He's like 6 to 250. So I found a few. And that do that shit. It's kind of funny. Yeah, I was good. I was just assuming you were the only one. I mean, yeah, all boats is not a lot, right? So, but yeah, so I'm going to build a second bike just so I can get rid of the parts. Yeah, because you're. You're probably not halfway. Right now, I'd have to sell a bunch of single parts. But if I just built a bike, it just sell the bike. You get rid of it because the Emily's like, you have to clean this area of the spare room. Oh, it's just we have a problem here. Certainly garage in here. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So that's that's a bit of an issue. But otherwise, let's go in good, man. Trains be good. You know, diets on point. I got the Christmas weight back off. Nice. I accidentally like carved up to my actual true potential, I guess. And that was like. So, you know, before Christmas, I hit 248 like I told you. Right. And after Christmas, I was like, 264 in the morning. You put on cricket 16 pounds on accident. We've just lost half of our viewers. They just fucking left. And I wasn't. I didn't even pounds on accident. I was like, shit, I'm like, bigger. So Ron slipped and fell and you got a huge. Yeah, exactly. So yeah, that's that's what's going on sitting here with my dog. He's been good. He puked today. Had to clean that up. Why did he puked? I don't know. You know, dogs is fucking eat whatever they want. Always random when they do that. I haven't, do you say I'm gonna get a night? So I always put the dogs in the canal. Yeah, every night, they're fine with it. And when they wake up around three, I let him come in with me. Well, I was up. And they just went to my room when sleep. So I was like, well, I'm not gonna move them. That'd be rude. Right. So I was like, I, it's fine. You guys have sleeping the bed all night. I lay down. I'm down by 20 minutes. I'll say, I'm like, no. I look over. It's on. It's a little dog. But she has. She's five pounds. She has managed to puked on the comforter, the sheet and a pocus. She got a hat check. You know, right. I was like, yeah, fuck. So yeah, strip it all down, put it all back. And then dogs, they feel bad. They look at you like, ah, shit. So I'm a polish. I put up a post for her because I felt like I wanted to know. I still love their. So she checked my grams. She gave me a double light and we were good to go. That's funny. Funny. Yeah, that they managed to hit all the blankets at once if they did anything. Yeah, it was amazing. That's what I was like, you know what, if you're going to fucking do something, do it. And a Jedi puked, I don't know, it was a few months ago, but it was just funny because he was standing on the bed and Emily and I were both in the bedroom. She was like folding laundry or something. Right. And then, yeah, just start going. But, but I'm here. I know. And no, so Emily's like, oh, I got a puked. So I grabbed them. I just carried them and I'm carrying them through the the condo while he's going. But, but, and I got to the kitchen sink and he just went. Yeah. And puked in the kitchen sink. It was perfect. Saved the day. She just changed the sheets like it was, I was like a hero. That's for sure. You know, see. Having for people like you. That's a little sample of what the young guys who aren't in domestic relationships have to look forward to. Yeah, it's amazing how cool life is when you get old. You're like, yeah, well, I saw that. I saw something like that the other day. It said it's amazing when my wife and I were dating. I used to, you should start to cook. Oh, God. But the other day she was yelling at me because I lied to the dog. Yeah, yeah, life changes. Yeah, yeah, we used to eat each other's asses. And now we got in a fight over what color the pillows are on the couch. I've seen a few memes like that. It's pretty funny and accurate. Anyways, not that I would know. But I get some questions for us. Well, I got quite a few. I got quite a few. I got hit pretty good. So it's been tearing the team today because I just said to do a Q and a yesterday with my PT. Yeah, no, I saw you peppered the fuck out of your stories. Yeah, well, because I keep getting asked questions that are way above my pay grade. Yeah, like you have no fucking idea. Why would they ask them like, they're like, what would you do on my average? I just asked Jason, but that's apparently when I answer that, just say, asked Jason a bunch of times, they don't know what that means. So right, right, just brought him into play. It worked out well. People loved it. And if it's going to be a regular thing, now he doesn't even know he works for me now. It's great. Awesome. He does. I'm not paying me there. It's going to be great. Okay. So are we going straight to questions? I don't know. Did we miss anything? It's been, it's been, you know, so far there's been no nothing really. There's no craziness. You know, it's nothing. There's nothing crazy going on. I mean, I got my new shirts. That's kind of nice. Yeah, no, everything's going on for you. I mean, I'm happy with that. You know, I can get. I got Todd here filming. He was filmed all weekend. He's here right now. He's eating his AJ's fancy food. Oh, yeah. Yeah, we got him. He can't hear me. No, he can't hear you. No, okay. He's down for. Or I got. That's a pretty nice. Yeah, we're as good as Chicago. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. We're doing this. We're going to film the rest of the day. And then he's going to get the hell out of here. Apparently he has to go adult, which is shit. He's got places to be. We only have that. Okay, here's here's let's, let's start with this one. Cause I like talking about this stuff. It's interesting. So his, his question is, if you can bench to 25 for 10, oh, two plates for 10, two plates for 10. Are you in the strongest, 1% of people in the world? No. You know, they so think about it. 7, 8 billion people. How many people can bench to 25 for 10? I would hope everyone. No, that's not works. I don't think that's how it works. Dusty. I think maybe we're getting a little peek into how you view the rest of the planet. I, I. I mean, 1% though. The sake one out of 100. How, like pick 100 random people at the mall. How many can bench to play its for 10? That's what I'm thinking. I'm thinking it probably is. All right. And to say all the starving people and like, you know, all the people that live in like third world countries and I bench to 25 for 10. Wow, I don't know. I was just saying maybe they are. Exceptions that because they're tougher and harder. Tell me. I guess it might be, you know what it is though. And it's funny you say this, but it's the it's the same with money. Right, right. Like like what I used to think what it took to be in the, no, so in the US, I think it's a US, so don't quote me for somebody who's going to check us by thinking the US. It's like a little over 400 grand, which in the top 1%. You know, and in my head, that's just, that's not that big of a number. Right, because we hear about these people that make like, you know, hundreds of millions of dollars a year and all this stuff. And I see you, I don't know if I think of this, but somebody put up a post. It was so funny. It said to put things in perspective, if you made $250,000 a day, since Christ was born, you wouldn't have as much money as Elon Musk. Yeah. I saw, I saw a meeting of their day. It said, people think Elon's rich because he has, you know, it's never said $350 billion or something. It was, but just think if you skipped 340 million lattes, you could have that same amount of money. See, it's not that much. No, but he just, he's so much more ahead of the game. Like he just didn't drink lattes. That's it. You know, coffee. That's the huge water. How the tap. And fights. It would start. But I guess you're right. I mean, point being is, because it doesn't seem like that much, but I guess it's true. I mean, how many people can do some bike trick? I don't fucking know. Right. Right. And also too, like, you know, we think about, it's just like anything, you know, how many people go to the gym. Okay, you know, what actual percentage out of all the Americans and Canadians that have gym members, memberships, how many other commits to 25 for 10? And even that's a pretty number. Yeah, that's valid. I mean, you start thinking about it. So some people would be like, oh, for one situation goal. Right. Right. You know, so it's interesting. It, it also also begs like the whole topic of how disconnected we get from reality, hence your initial response. No, absolutely not. A little peek into what your world is like. I might know. I might know. I'm going to bubble just to hair, just to hair. Every chick is like, Scott's Dale Hot. Everybody's are completely cleaned and detailed and polished. And it never rains in the streets are perfectly clean. And yeah, yeah. That makes sense. That's okay. That actually, I'm kind of liking your world. It is a nice place. You might want to move. Okay. Okay. You know, we've talked about this before. In various sort of ways. But is more of a focus like a 90s S conditioning, making more of a return in open body building. Yes. Right. So I think so. I think, I think what's interesting is what you're finding from talking to the athletes that are getting there and the coaches that are getting in there is all the bullshit's kind of falling away. Like I remember what's Patrick, tour here. Yeah. Somebody asked like, well, what about cheats? You know, or do you follow a diet year round? And he was like, of course. Like it was like the dumbest question on the planet to him. And cheats were like, why would you do that? And I mean, point being is, I think that's becoming more and more regular because when I look at it, when you when I started, you started before me, but when I started, you're just assumed you weren't cheating for the entire crap. Yeah. Like it would be like a dream if you got given one. And you like, you're really cross your mind. And then all of a sudden your coach would be like, fuck, you've dropped like 30 pounds now. Let's go up hard for a day and see, and just see how much you weigh on Monday or something. You know what I mean? And you like like get what I mean, you've already dropped 30 pounds. Yeah, you're pretty much ready. And the or the other thing is it wasn't always. So when I first read the JJ Marsh, there was no, there was no, there's her cheats, but it was okay today, we're going to have, you know, 1200 grams of rice. Right. Yeah, I know what you mean. And even the even listen to what some of our guests that like Chad was on. And said, you know, we went real old school with Rammy this year. And you know, it just sort of, like like the emphasis is always been on getting shredded. Like every guy for the last 20 years has been trying to get his glutes ripped. That's the intention. Yeah. Like so the goal they've had the goal, it's not like they lost sight of what they wanted to look like. They still wanted their glutes striated. But you know, like the, I don't know, like I think guys who take tons of GH have problems getting really peeled sometimes too, right? Because they got like water issues or insulin resistant or something like that. So, you know, you think back to all the broadcast guys that you knew that had no money for half the shit and they were this dieting down. Yeah. And so I'm also speaking with more guys now that aren't bothering to use GH and not saying that it's not that it's not good and GH is an awesome tool, but just like the expense, like a lot of guys are like, you know what, I'm just going to like, I was going to like invest my money by crypto. Exactly. This is so some hobby and people are remembering that. Right. A hobby for most people is what I'm eating. Right. But the thing about the 90s conditioning is that, you know, the drugs were real. Fact and very expensive. So they actually most of the guys weren't like, you know, with the exception of like obviously we hear stories about the NASA and like guys pushing it. But a lot of, you know, the whole 90s condition thing mainly is is because guys were just taking a bit of good shit and dieting really hard. Yeah. So the body wasn't like all overly chemical. And I think that when guys stress or kidneys out with crazy doses to the water issue is like a bigger deal, like if you're on a thousand makes a trend, which is kidney toxic and you can't get dry. You know, so I think those things go hand in hand. And if you're using just a little bit of trend, I don't know. That's just how I feel. I think about like the the highest end of natural body building. Yeah. They're like those guys are healed and there's details. I mean, and truthfully, like even me and stuff like details they have, I don't have. And just think about how clean their bodies are. That's my point. Yep. Yeah. Their liver has no stress. Their kidneys have no stress. Yep. You know, they're, you know, so I think there's something to being, you know, to that is hard to do. There was back in the day like when you're a natural body builder, if you're obsessive, then you don't want to lose size for the diet longer. That's another thing. You know, because we look and go, all right, I need, you know, eight weeks to get ready. So I'll do it in 10. You know, or 12 or whatever, you know, I've always liked going longer, but no specific reason. It's just I always felt like well, if something was wrong, if I get sick, if I take an injury, I'm okay. You know what I mean? Right. But no, I definitely think I definitely think we're heading back in that direction. I think that you said it's simplicity and quite honestly, I think we're surpassing it in a lot of ways. If you look at the guys that we're doing, yeah, you know, that's the only thing I don't like is it's become something we kind of all agree with like, oh, the 90s were harder. And I'm like, who? Yeah, you know what I mean? Like you start looking like, okay, who in, you know, name five guys since we all pretend it was all of them that were harder than Ian was at the Olympia this year. Yeah. Whatever year. There's very, there are five. So whenever, if I ever seemed to agree with the sentiment that 90s conditioning was better, I'm looking at it from a depth point of view. Right. I don't necessarily mean the top guys. They're just as hard as ever. Like Ian's, Ian's as hard as Dorian was. Right. Right. Like so, you know, that type of thing, like a food edge just put up a picture from the Atlantic city and like, oh, eight. Yeah. And when that was, yeah, the readable. Yeah. And it's like that's as good as anyone ever. And then like his condition is, as, you know, all they got top guys in the 90s. But what I'm talking about is at regional shows, at national shows, that's depth of the classes. That's where I see it. So, you know, like, I can agree and disagree with the statement 90s conditioning is better. It depends on who you're talking about. And what level you're talking about? I mean, the Olympia this year was fucking awesome. Yeah. That's what I was planning to think about. I guess you do tend when that sentiment is stated, I and most people look right to the highest end, but you're right. Like at the local level and I haven't seen it yet. Remember I had that rant earlier in the year or late last year. Because I went to a show and I was like, oh, so no one did. Right. Like, I mean, it just blew my mind because the show was there for someone to win just by being peeled. Like a band of white could have won the entire thing if he resinside out. So I've seen a few light weights went over alls and like the last five years. Yeah. You know, and that actually is like kind of evidence that conditioning is an issue. You know what the, you know, the thing is on, I think most coaches can agree. Somewhere along the way, this became a thing like you could never get flat. I'm a little flat. I'm like, you're seven weeks down and give a shit. Yeah. I remember I had, you know, I had a coach when I won the 99 Albertas, which was a good show to win. Like it's like winning a good state show. Like, you know, you usually do well at nationals if you win the Albertas. Right. That's how it used to be. And, um, which I did for someone went to nationals like a second. So, you know, it was, it's a good show to win. And, um, I remember the coach I had for that show, his name was Brian Logue and great guy. And, uh, I remember the whole diet. He was like, I don't, I don't give a shit at all. Small, you feel like I want you to feel like I want you to be like, call any going, I think I'm shrinking. That's what we're doing to you. I don't give a shit. Right. And I was like, okay. And, because he promised me, I'd win if I listened to him. He goes, if he listened to me, he'll win. And I was like, okay. Right. So, it was just, it is did it. And I remember like looking down at my arms and being like, fuck, I feel like a swimmer. Right. And then like when I get my stage photos back, I'm like, oh, I destroyed everyone. But yeah, yeah, it wasn't even close. Yeah. So, yeah, it's just that's, you know, you wait. And, and that's a good experience to have early on. Like, I was only my third show, right? So, no, I had that experience on my third show and felt what I was like to win everything. Like, oh, fuck, okay. If you just do that, you beat everybody. Okay. Okay. That's the program I had now. So, you know what I mean? So, I guess it's easier. If let's say you do something like ultra hard and then it pays off. Yeah. Obviously, it's an easier lesson to learn. Yeah, then it's like, okay. Well, plus I mean, I think you also teaches you that like so many people are worried. Like, I always blows my mind like, you're a middleweight and you're worried about being the biggest. I'm sorry. Be your mother. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. That's not going to be what I had because I never went into a regional show with any thoughts other than the overall. So, I had to beat everybody and I wasn't like, well, I got to be the biggest guy because I'm a super. Well, then the problem is then I'm the fat guy once I'm against the light heavyweight. Right. You know what I mean? So it was kind of like, no, you just have to be nuts. And you'll be fine. So that's true. It's a good point, though. And I think part of that what you said, and I do that with clients. You've ever heard somebody that's in the off-season to the real heavy when they come to you. And I'll tell them, okay, you're about to hit a phase where you're no longer as big as you were. You're also not in shape. So you're going to think I'm fucking up and you look worse. Right. Stick with me. Right. Just keep going. If you do that once you get through, I call it the ugly phase. You'll start to look bigger just because you're looking harder. You know what it is, is there in their t-shirt, they're feel like they're swimming. And then they take a shirt off. It's not drastically better. And they're down 17 pounds. Yep. You know, it's the mind fact. I don't really look much better, but I'm definitely smaller. Like I used to say, you know, when I was real heavy, I could take off 20 pounds, like taking off a pair of socks. So true. So true. It's still like exactly if I could say. Yeah, you're like great. Yeah. Yeah. I'm just lighter. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Here's one for you. What do you feel gets more over-analyzed? Diet or training? Over-analyzed. Anymore? Both. I mean, God, I don't know what do you think. I don't know what I think it's more of analyzed. I mean, I think in my experience with some of my clients, they're pretty well trusting me on the diet side. But I do get a lot of like, actually I had a guy this week as perfect. Only weakness on his physique is his back. Right. You know, I mean, everything else is great. When I get an email that says, hey, I'm thinking my hamstrings are lagging a bit. Now, this is the same email where he stated that his arms are small. He's like, so what I'm thinking is I'm going to split my quads in my hands up. And then I'm going to train back with thighs and chest with tries. What do you think? And I'm like, so the weakness is your arms. You've already stated that earlier. Now we're going to make them secondary to a giant muscle group. Okay, strike one. They're going to take your best body part, your legs and put more focus on them. When are we going to worry about your back? Right. Because I thought, so I even know back what I'm going to shit what you do with anything. In fact, maybe we just train everything else last. We do back twice a week or three times a week. Right. You know, because it's that those analyzes of the little tiny, tiny stuff. And it's like, I got to tell people up front, most of the most of our starting point trainings already have written. I alter a couple things based on injuries. And so because it's it's going to be different for you. It's going to whip your ass of promise. Yeah. So how I look at it is I think trainings over analyzed more than died. The reason I say that is because a lot of people follow if it fits your macros now. True. And that's actually like a much less analytical way to eat. Right. You're actually simplifying it, making it more livable and making it easier to do. So and most people, I mean, can do great on that style of eating. Right. They can make, you can make really good gains on that. I'm just saying contest time. You might want to swap things around a bit. But it depends on if you're counting Oreos as you're like, carbs and fats. But so there's that sort of idea is in most people's nutrition already to kind of simplify and keep things simple. I think most people are doing okay with that. Because a lot of the clients I come to their like, oh, here's my, everyone's got an app now. And so that's so there's semi-screen shots to their app. Right. How many do you get right? Here's my here's my current diet and there's semi-threens shots. And I'm like, oh, okay, there are actually doing okay here. This is just moving around with this. I might up their carbs. Right. But when it comes to diet, I think people are training. People are spending so much time. You know, like you said, learning about the perfect split or the perfect frequency or the, you know, perfect disc perfect that. And not enough time just pushing themselves really, really hard. That's the thing you nailed that I'm, that it's funny because this must be going on. You know, our little bubble is so small. I've seen multiple coaches write up something that basically says for all the things you're worried about with this, that and the other, you don't train that hard. Right. And I think that that is always the eye open. And we've talked about this before. Like, I wish that every athlete I've ever worked with could come train with me one time. Yeah, it would change a lot of things, you know, because it, because you know, you have a thing where you, it's just, it wouldn't matter what data is because that's how you train every day. And then they're like, oh, okay, that's training. Got it. Check. You know. But it's surely not the magic of the program. I think I told you that. So when I first started working with a Zito, I, you know, I mean, I trusted him with everything. And I said, hey, how do you suggest I train? And his email back was fucking hard. That was like, God. Yeah. You're hard. Yeah. Noted. So so here, so I, I put a, there's a guy that I'm, I'm helping his name's brand and great guy. And he, he, he want a physique show this year. Okay. And he sort of, you know, he wants to go pro. He wants to push it so he can do. And he's also looking at classic physique because he's got good legs. Right. So of course, I, I'm, you know, I'm not just that IG. Yeah. Yeah. And not just what everyone wants to do. I'll help him because whatever you want to do is long as it's classic. Right. Right. Right. Right. So anyway, so, you know, that means, but, but he trains, he trains his legs. Anyways, like he's got pretty good legs. But he came and put him through a leg workout yesterday. And this is a guy who trains hard, right? Trains hard puts in a lot of effort. You know, grave with his diet when one is shows, you know. And so we did like I said, revolutionary leg program. We did line leg curls three movements. Like press. We did our next lots. We did leg extensions. And then we did it single leg curls because by that point, he'd thrown up three times. So we didn't get the stretch and okay, I got you. He was a little fucked up, but he, but he poked 20 minutes in. And then he poked again 45 minutes in. And then I think he may have thrown up a third time after the workout. So, but he didn't quit. And he sent me a message afterwards and he goes, thank you for today. I got mentally tougher today. Right. And, and I said, that's way more important than what your workout was. It's even matter if your workout was that well structured. The workout today doesn't even even really, that important. Right. But the fact that you got mentally tougher is now something that goes all this year. And, and, you know, it doesn't matter that we didn't get the stretch movement in. Because I knew I was a quick man. I know wrong. Yeah, well, yeah, like, you know, after he after you've after the leg presses, I was like, okay, I got to get him through these hacks. And then it's on to extensions and he's probably going to live. Right. And then I, and after the second puke, I thought, okay, he's this, I definitely'm not going to push this guy to do steps because they won't, you know, it won't be any point. He's really fucked up. Yeah. So, um, it was the standing leg curls, but he didn't quit and it's fucking forcing reps a whole time and pushing him. But, you know, so, so people often, you know, what is the perfect workout? What is the perfect split? Well, nothing compares to building your mentality by just training really hard. It doesn't even matter if your program's only like, okay. Yeah, you're a great man. Yeah. Yeah. Nobody, if you build that mental toughness, that's like such a, an investment, I guess. You know, uh, you remember, you know, Gina Davis that we had on? Yes, uh, her, I love it. Her saying is uh, the perfect set is death minus one. So that's, that's right, right. It's still for the first time I saw that daughter belt, I was like, I love that. You know, because you and I've had this conversation before, but I had three of the guys from Condemned, or in in town, and they came in training with me. And after a set of the pendulum, one of the guys, you know, when you got done, he literally went down and just laid there for a minute. We were filming and I took it as a moment because everyone's mentality is, oh, you, you kicked his ass and actually it's no, he did what he's supposed to do. Yeah, yeah, he kicked his own ass. He has his own ass. He made sure, now he just knows where it is and he's going to do that again and again. It's like you, because you know, he used to get sick. Like you pushed yourself there every time. You know, or however many times it would happen. And I always think it's funny because people think that like all of the trainers are bad ass or oh, that's a weakness and I'm like, that's a strength. He could stop two reps shy and stood up and walked out. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And literally shook the rep out safely. I just bought him through and when he racked it, it was just easier to sit and take a minute and go, and it was like, I always want to try that home because people like they want to be a hard ass just walked away and I'm like, well, if you can just walk away, then you had more. Yeah, no, it's good for him to hit that point and learn, you know, and then you, you build up a tolerance for that intensity too. And then you do just walk away. Yeah, like you do at that point where it's normal. It's another day at the office and then you get that and I know you have this week. I had about two weeks ago, I don't know what that we did, nothing different. And I was wrecked. Right. I mean, sore. And of course, what your brain do was shit. What was I doing the week before? Was it not a good day? Like, even though you know, soreness doesn't mean shit actually. I don't care who you are all along your in this. When you ever really like, sore day, you're getting mad at yourself for the days before that. Like, man, maybe I did leave one. Yeah, and you always wonder, like, what the fuck made him so sore? Like it was kind of just trained my normal way, but it was a slow rep I did or the extra force wrapper. I'm always looking, you know, and probably all this, you were a little dehydrated or something stupid. Right, right, right. You didn't drink my fat for the right answer a little bit. Have your weight in my black ones and I sweat a little more. That's all. Yeah, yeah, yeah. No, I know what you mean. And it's, it's never like the goal. Like, so I, some of my buddies bug me because, you know, I was a pukeer for years. And then I sort of have a reputation of people throwing up when they come to do legs for the first time. And I never like ever try to do that. That's not a point. Yeah, it's just, you know, and then also to I think that, you know, some people may have overstimmed for that leg day or they might have, like, you know, you're all, I'm doing legs with Ron and then they overstim a little bit and they kind of fuck themselves, which, you know, I don't want to take credit for. So there's a little bit of that. So, but yeah, it's never the, never the goal. It's like, oh, fuck. You know, it's like, something you've got to work around. It's a hindrance, right? It's something you want. Yeah, I'm shooting for it. I did the, you know, it's funny. I don't know, when I got on my products, the first day that I was using almost hamstrings, right? And I had never used a pre-workout. So I did a half serving for that exact reason. Oh, yeah, I was like, I need to make sure, I mean, I've read the label, but you know, they all hit different over the pungency of the flavor or whatever. I'm like, I can't risk me not being used to this being the reason I get sick or the work I could fucked up. So you can go up to two scoops with theirs. So small ones. So I literally took a half scoop the first day, a scoop the second day and finally was on two full scoops and realized I was fine before I like went for it. Right, right? You know, we sell pre-workout by this scoop at the gym. All right. So a lot of people come in and they're like, I'll have a scoop at this, I'll have a scoop at that. And it's interesting to hear, like we have like six different pre-workouts that all sell really well by the scoop. Right. So like some people, like everyone has their own preference, you know? I mean, you might have someone who works in an office and they've already had four cups of coffee that day. Right. So they just want a pump one because when they have anything with caffeine in it, they just like, oh, that's too much, you know? So it's interesting. Some people love the, almost like the steamed free ones that's all they want. Of the steamed free this, steamed free that and other people are like, give me the fucking psychopath. You know? And they do every time. Yeah. And then I like the strong one on small body parts, back in legs, I'll go steam free and maybe have a cup of coffee. We had to like ask, we had to like have a meeting like are we gonna like, what if because there was one guy that told us like, I want two scoops of that. And so we had to have a like a meeting like, are we allowed to sell two scoops of one person? Like, what's the problem? We're going to put them in two separate glasses. What you do once behind you two cups is yours. You and your friend can go drape your two separate surveys. We could put two scoops into one cup that is a good reward. And then you wonder and then you and then you realize as a business owner, you're like, oh, that's why they have all those stupid liquor laws that I had to follow as a bartender that I thought were dumb. But that was a dumber. But that was a dumber. I think it's that thing. I'm right. Trust me, once you've been sued a couple times in business, you're like, oh, so I can be sued for anything. Got it. I had I got a separate cups for you. Yeah. You didn't know the coffee was hot when it burned you. Oh, weird. Okay. Here's one. Should you end a cut if other health problems or if mental health problems need to be addressed with? You should end whatever is happening if you have any mental health problems. I don't like to use word cut because that is nothing to do with nothing. If you're mentally in an unstable place, then bodybuilding in general is the least important thing. You know, now I'm assuming he's talking about drugs or the exhaustion from it or whatever. That's kind of what I think is like, you know, ready for a show or something. Yeah. And if that's the case, then my answer is still the same because you're not going to be great. But you do have to at some point if that happens a couple of times, you're not meant to bodybuild in my opinion. Right. Like if you mean if like the mental health issues coincide with the cut, every time. Yeah. Right. Yeah. I know what you mean. You know, because there is something, it's kind of like in hate your rampage, but I think body really is we get a bad name for ourselves because of how we act as if our diet is someone else's fucking problem. Right. You know, I remember Junior Nationals 2010, Fuckamold. I met the whole tell at the, you know, checking in and there's a guy next to me and he's getting snatched with the lady behind the counter and I'm like, looking at him thinking, I'm about to say something and then I hear him say the thing I hate the most. Sorry. I don't mean to be a dick. I'm low carb. Oh. And I'm like, I'm just a fucking tool. Yeah. So, you know, and it's funny because I'm over here thinking, well, the rest of us are also starving. I can get my room without being a dick and I'm going to beat you tomorrow. And all those things happen. So I think some people just you also use, you know, have to understand that that's how you bump into mental issues, whether it's the drugs, the suffering from a diet or whatever, this might not be for you. Yeah. Yeah. If so, the one, so the only health problem that I would continue like, like the only exception, uh, just the way this question was worded, if it's not like contest related and there's no drugs involved, you're just doing like a serious, like, like weight loss thing. Yeah. Then in that situation, I'd say, that's probably good to keep doing because it keeps you like focused on eating healthy and all that stuff. So it's just want to like miss, miss understand his question. So, um, you know, it is with these, yeah, when these were mental health, though, that's when I go inside ways because yeah, well, that's what they have on shoes or whatever. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. It just depends. But yeah, for the most part, um, you know, definitely not pushing yourself with anything that could be making things worse. Yeah. Please. Hey, what's going on, guys? Thanks for watching another podcast here. I think Big Body Building Media. And thank you to our great sponsor, True Nutrition.com for making this all possible. Truenutrition.com is owned by Dante Trudeau, the creator of DC training. You wanted to create a supplement company that offered high quality third party test and supplements at a fair price. High quality protein powders, just about every type you could think of. Huge variety of flavors, plus health and performance supplements. Check them out, Truenutrition.com. And hey, if you use our code, advices, you directly support our podcasting. Thanks, guys. Let's get back to the program. Okay, here's one. Um, I just turned 35 and have never competed before. Is it too late to chase a pro card? I'm going to let you answer first because I don't want to rant. Go ahead. I would say that that at 35 years old, never competing before. At any age, never competing before. The idea of chasing a pro card, just shouldn't be the focus. And that's a huge problem. And it 99.9% of time, unless you're a 19 year old Jake Cutler, it just leads to like huge disappointment in the experience of competing and it's not, it's not the right approach. And if you talk to all the guys like who have, you know, talked to all like the pros and talk about bodybuilding, talked to all the pros. Like none of them were like, oh, yeah, I just decided I was going to be a pro body builder and I started competing. That's not how it happened for any of them. They were like, oh, I love body building. And I thought it was awesome. And I fucking was trained and everyone's telling me I should compete. And I did a show in a fucking one. And I won the next show in another one. And we're in the nationals. Right. It's or they grind it away for years and years to win each show. And they just wanted to get to the next level. But like the whole like, I'm going to, I'm going to pursue the being a pro body builder, even though I have never been on stage before. I think that causes way more problems and ruins it for a lot of people. Right. No, I think. I think that's it. I was, that's why I said I was going to rant is, I don't know what this is. You didn't flawlessly. I don't know what it is about our sport that people are just like, oh, fuck, I'm going to go proud. Like you wouldn't, like you don't pick up a new set of tireless. And I'm going to be a professional golfer. Also, I have a good answer. You know, you don't just dive in that day. Yeah. And what would you tell your kid, like if you're getting them in the baseball, would you be like, all right, kid, we're going to fucking go pro. Yeah. When I'll start picking out colleges before you hit grade six, like I think the better thing is it's so funny that this came up today because today, Dorian put up a picture. And it said on the picture, when I started body building, I never dreamed of being Mr. Olympia. I thought I just wanted to get better. That's so funny. And I saw that. I was, and I literally, I have any time to scan today. I that popped. And when I got into body building truthfully, I was done with hockey. I realized that I needed an outlet for athletic something because I was like a nine to five. I didn't know what to do. I went to, I got a gym membership. This is literally like the check check of it. I got a gym membership. I walked into gold. I was intimidated because I was a little out of my element because I was at the hardcore gym in the city. And there was a sign on the wall for a show in like eight or nine weeks. And I was like, I don't want to do that. That's funny. Yeah. That's awesome. That's how it starts. And that's how it should start very organically. And if you act like the fact that you think you want to be a pro and you've never competed, that's what's ludicrous. Right. Like you don't have any clue what life as a, what would it take to be or sustain being a pro audience? Yeah. Like who, that's the thing. Like it's like in order to be a pro golfer, like you said, you got to play golf and you got to play golf so much that people start going, man, you're always just golfing. You never come out anymore. And then you start making golf friends. So you can golf together. And then your wife's starting to get irritated because you're golfing all the time and you're golfing golfing golfing golfing and you're like, fuck, I love this. Yeah. That's what you have to do in bodybuilding before you can even consider being a pro. You know, I used to see, um, when I'm just going to say by name, because I don't mind something. And so I remember like Gabe would when he was getting ready for shows, he'd bitch the whole way. And he would, I can't wait for this to be over. And then he'd tell me, man, I can't wait to turn pro. And I'm like, why do you want to be a pro? You hate this. Like you love being a bodybuilder and you're a big, fucking dude and you love to train and you're a freak. But if that's all I loved, I don't want to be a professional bodybuilder. I want to be a gym rat. And in this world, I could still make a ton of money and make a living out of, if I want to. But I think that that's another thing is like, you don't even know if you like it. Because I'll be honest, like, and you've done these years where you've, you do the USA, and you're like, oh, I'm going to, I'm going to do North Americans. I'm, Nashville's, you died the whole year and it's fun the entire time. Yeah, why would you do this to yourself? I just didn't agree right now and it's awesome. Yeah, like, yeah, someone who isn't, like, I hate say, like, someone who isn't one of us, we're like, well, you're missing out on life. I'm like, no, this is life. Yeah, don't, yeah. And one more thing before we leave this subject, I, I wasn't sure if I was going to say this. Yes, I've run that of them. Anyone who comes up to me and says that they want to chase a pro card is talking to someone who plays second at 10 pro qualifiers and did 13 nationals and four North Americans. They have no fucking idea with the, what the term Chase Pro card even is. And they're wildest imaginations could they put together that concept from where they are at the point they make that statement. Imagine how did you said that? How's that? Well, Ron, it's going to take 13 professional attempts and you're going to put yourself through hell for 15, 16, and you're going to model your entire life around it so that it fits. And every relationship and job and vacation you take is going to be completely tailored and dictated by your body building. It's actually funny when you started to point it out that way. Does that had a kid to me? I want to start chasing a pro card. Oh, oh, pull up a chair. Oh, what a chair. You'll be thinking about this because it's actually accurate and there's anything is any wrong with it, but in that sentence, if you're like, you know, oh, is that you're a girl, Finn cool, pull her down here real quick. So when she starts resisting, okay, and she's like, yeah, yeah, you go get rid of her. Because if you really are chasing that and it's really the thing you want the most, that's what you would do. Right. And that's like, well, I would never do that. It's cool. So let's just do a show. It's just doing a show. She can stay. That wasn't too much. Was it dusty? No, I mean, I'm going to be honest. I don't want Jason Procard up to here. And that's actually, it only took me four years. Anyway, so yeah, so anyways, back to the original question, is it, is it too late to chase Procard? I mean, I'm not saying you can't turn pro. Like you, who knows, in five years, you might get a master's pro card and whatever division you're in or something. You know, it might have been 44 years older, whatever that what's his name did last year. That's your right. Yeah, yeah, yeah, come on. But, you know, like there's always like crazy exceptions to things, but, you know, I mean, Vince Taylor started training when he was 30, you know. So, you know, that's crazy. So it's, it's like, you know, there's always exceptions, but it just, it's just probably not a good, like, focus. It get into bodybuilding, compete. It might change your life for the better in a hundred ways. Yep. What I mean, so that's so I'm not saying that this person shouldn't compete and shouldn't try to be as good as a possibly can, but the focus shouldn't be on being a pro. If that, if that's going to happen, it'll, it'll, it'll, it'll, it'll make it up. It'll organically show up in the spectrum of possibilities. You know what I mean? Very true. Here's one. Now, I don't, I'm, I'm interested to know like, oh boy, how do you know if you've even read this book? Okay. Because it's sort of a generational thing. In your opinion, how important of a contribution was Arnold's encyclopedia of modern bodybuilding? I have sold that book many, many times because it was in my store. Okay. Yep. Never read it because by the time I was read, would have read it, it was dated. Right. You know, so a contribution to me, I would say it was huge because so many people that was the go-to before the internet. You know, when people used to come into my store, they were like, I want to, I want to know bodybuilding. I'm like one second, please. Do you want to know the chemical side? That's his anobox, 2002. What do you want out of the bodybuilding side? This is the inside of the computer, but oh, both. Here you go. I, I, I, I remember getting one for Christmas. Right. When I was, it's like 15 years old. I got Arnold's encyclopedia of modern bodybuilding. And as the original one with the old pictures in it, it wasn't they updated it and put like pictures of Dorian and Lee and all this stuff in it. And yeah, they updated it and they swapped all the pictures out for like modern color photos. And I saw it. I saw it. Yeah, I saw a version of it and I was like, oh, I don't like this at all. So I'm not sure if it was like a limited edition or they, I don't know what exactly you are looking at, but it's had the same cover. But I had the original one with all the Tom Plats pictures in it and boy or co and everyone in there. And it was like, it contributed huge. And yeah, it was dated and you know, but I remember like reading about diet and Arnold's like, yeah, you need calories. So I used to make shakes with like eggs and fucking yogurt and fruit and ice cream and then I'm like, oh, boom, let's do it. And I just started blending up big shakes and drinking on a game of weight and and you know, and he would he would talk about, you know, how hard he pushed himself and it was crazy high volume. His advanced programmers hours in the gym. But when you're young, like that was actually good. I did this crazy Arnold volume the first like two years I worked out and I mean, that teaches you motor skills and because you're not using heavy weights yet, you know, you're like your DC training when you're 15. But you're like you're you're putting out this enormous effort. It's building this huge tolerance for workload and then building this, you know, I mean, you're a kid. You can handle anything. So I just kill myself in the gym training legs for two hours. Oh, you're going to do six exercises for quads and like spoon boom boom boom boom boom. My brain actually switched that to sets. Yeah, you know, like this. Yeah, and and you taught you to train pretty fast too because you're like shit. My mom's picking me up at 530. It's for a block. I got to know. I got a pump chest chest shoulders and triceps, you know, it was a great book and just all the exercise selection in there and all the ideas I remember going to the gym and doing everything like you know, every single rear-deld exercise he had in there on the benches and cables and and everything. It was it was a it was a great it was a great contribution to bodybuilding and I think it shaped and molded a lot of guys because you know, pretty much anyone who started training in the 80s and 90s had a copy of it and so it, you know, a lot of the the the the physics that people look at now or those guys were kids that had that book. Right. So yeah, I think it was it was awesome, you know, and it's like a time capsule of history too like to look through it. No, look through it now and look at the leg equipment they're using. Right. Like crazy. You're good sucks to the better this. You're that whole thing. You got an old guy that I mean the one. God, it was they ruined the book with new pictures. Why did you guys fuck it up? Oh man. Okay. Here's one. Can you and Dusty talk about optimizing nattigains stuff that people don't necessarily know. Man. I mean this is kind of a good slide over from what I was thinking during our last the last question, which was when you mentioned eating a lot of food you needed calories. This is for natties and enhanced. But I think one of the biggest things now is we have so much information that we're over complicating everything. I mean natural or not, you need to train hard enough to elicit the buyers need to change. You need to feed it enough to start that recovery and then the big one is you got to give it time to recover and grow. A basic thing that I used to tell like young guys coming in to just try to oversimplify was in order to grow you had to have stimulus. You had to have recovery and you had to have growth. And this the idea was you stimulate on Monday. Those couple days where you're sore, Tuesday and Wednesday, that's your recovery. But the Thursday and Friday you're still not training but you feel okay that's when you're growing. You don't want to touch that again until Saturday or someday. Right. As a natural bodybuilder, that amount of time is going to be longer. You know, I think the bad thing where you got a factor in is how much can your body take not just in one session but how much time does it take to recover so you can actually grow. Because if all you're doing is stimulating and recovering and then stimulating again, there's no time for your body to actually get better and grow. You know what I mean? Right. Yeah. I understand what you're saying. I think something I would add to that is that you know, aside from the odd exception, there aren't any real differences. You know what I mean? Like, there's the recovery time thing. And that also could be handled like maybe they do fewer sets more frequently. Right. So there's also like which is, you know, which goes for everybody but there's a recovery time thing that you have to manage. But other than that, everything else is principally the same. You know, you need to eat sleep and train the position. Like your hand position on the bar doesn't change if you're an atty. You know, you know, put your feet in a different spot if you're an atty. You know, my rest should be the same. Yeah. I mean, all the rules are the rules apply. How agree? Yeah. So that's that's the biggest thing would be is patience. Patients taking longer to die at. Yeah. They wanted to die and understand it just takes longer to get the same result. Right. Right. Okay. What other podcasts are you guys listening to right now? You know what? I don't, I don't really consume, I don't have time to consume a lot of other people's stuff anymore. I will get the, it's kind of funny but I look at Instagram is my Cliffs Notes. So a lot of the podcasts including Rogan and all those will have kind of the things I want to see will pop up on someone else's feet. Now get to see him real quick. The only thing that I will admit that I like to do is I like to look at some of the bigger podcasts and see what they're doing because between number one I've got this one and I'm also working on a second podcast. I want to start is I want to be better at it and there are some really, really good podcasts to watch to see why you suck. Right. You know, I mean it's funny but you would, it's something a lot of people don't know that they can confuse on like when you and I decided to start this show, remember, you're like, well how do you want to do this? I'm like, all right, so this is a radio show. You got like the main guy and then you got the back guy. I'm like, I have to be the back guy because I was so used to being interviewed. I didn't know how to be the interviewer and not like fuck it up and talk too much and take over if we were interviewing somebody. Remember that was like the first thing I told you I'm like, right. Ask me to jump in on the side. Right, right, right, right, right. Okay, I don't know how to do this. So I mean, yeah, I don't consume for the entertainment part as much and definitely not for the education on the sport but more for like I think Fuad is a phenomenal interview. I just think he's great at all of this podcast, which is funny because somebody jumped on RZL today because we had both interviewed Chad and he was like, oh, so much better than I did have to listen to whiny Fuad and I'm like, really? He's fucking awesome at what he was sure. I wish I had more time. I wish I had more time to listen all of them. Yeah, I mean, I think he knows how to do it, whereas like on the flip, I have done Palombo shows a few times as a guest and I always felt like I never actually got the answer question. Right, I'd be like halfway through the answer and he's like, ah, and he would take over and I was like, oh, you're gonna answer it. Okay. You asked me. Well, so if if I have a little spare time, I will put on Fuad's real bodybuilding where he interviews someone. Right. I actually don't watch bodybuilding in Bollocks very often. Right. Because, I mean, it's probably a very like, you know, when I do turn it on, it's funny, but I'm like cooking something and I don't ever finish the episode, because I'm just too busy to sit and listen to them. But real bodybuilding, like when there's one guest, you know, like, I'll like, I'll put that on and I'll listen to that. I'll play at what I'm doing cardio sometimes if I like the guest, you know? So I, because that's like real information on that. Whereas bodybuilding in Bollocks is like, you know, they're all fucking around and they kind of swap the guys out every week and it's a lot of fun, but it's just not for me that's not what I'm gonna spend my time on as much. But to be honest, I don't listen to bodybuilding podcast much. Yeah. There's a, you know, how Rogan's on Spotify now? Yes. She drives me crazy. I don't, I know, I, I hardly ever watch a show anymore, because I'm, I'm on YouTube when I'm eating. Right. I'm not on Spotify. Right. And, um, and there's a guy named Lex Friedman. He's a, uh, super smart dude. And he has a podcast where he interviews like scientists. Right. And, um, you know, for example, he just had an episode this week. This guy is, uh, astrophysics professor from Harvard University. And he comes on and they do like an hour and a half interview. And I'm just riveted. To that. Like I'm just sitting there. Like I eat my meal. And then I just sit there and watch like the last hour. Like I'm just riveted. And he's talking about black holes and they're postulating on the only two possibilities that black holes can do. One is everything that gets sucked in gets compacted into the densest thing we could imagine. Right. Free eternity. Or it goes somewhere. Right. Like does it like the whole idea? Do you pop out in another dimension? Right. You get the pop out. He is slide through space and time and come out in another area of the universe. We just don't know. And they talked about that for like 30 minutes. And I was just like, holy fuck, this is crazy. And then the other idea said it just gets compacted and continues to get denser and denser and denser and denser beyond our wildest comprehension. Right. And so like listen into that stuff. And he's talking about different anomalies. Like there's an object called the Anua Nua. I think they call it's like a Hawaiian name. Right. But they discovered this long cylindrical the E-erach. But it doesn't reflect light like a rock. And it behaves differently. And it actually changed speeds at one point. And it's like out beyond our solar system. They're measuring it. It's like passing by our solar system. But it's actually it's speed increased. And they're like okay, that's fucked. Because it should just have the same speed that it got thrown out at. Right. And it should actually pick up speed. So did we just pass by unlike an alien artifact? Something that was made billion years ago by another civilization. Is it a probe? Is it a relay station? Are there millions of them? Like cell phone towers all over the galaxy? They're playing. Like like what's the kind like so these these theoretical concepts of what this object could be? And I'm just like totally riveted. I can't even stop watching it till it's over. And Emily's like, what are you listening to? What's wrong with you? And this is while you're the king of useless information. Right. I can't help myself. So there's the odd thing like that. Like I'd rather watch that than a bodybuilding podcast just because it's like I sat there and just learned. So yeah, there's stuff like that gets me sometimes. You want to love about it? You learned series. So you didn't actually learn anything. Yeah. That's the beauty of like the way that works. So because that's my brain. I've been like, so this isn't for sure. I'll probably never know. Okay. I don't care. But that makes sense. I think it's surprising what what you don't consume. I think also one thing that you don't realize is the so there are a couple of guests that food out has that I don't know on real bodybuilding that I want to go watch. Because I don't know anything about them. And I'm like, oh, I've there's probably some shit I can learn here. Right. Like where did you name someone? He just had a guy. I don't even know who it was. I just I just skimmed here. A couple. I don't even know I literally have no idea who it was. But there was a couple clips. I was like, oh, this guy knows the shit. And I don't know who he is. So I don't I don't even have a feel for what he could have. Whereas like John Meadows for example, he's coached me. You know what? I don't even know you're all. He's advancing. But it's not as it's not like I have no fucking idea who you are. Right. You know what we've had among the show. Yeah. Exactly. Hey, here's one. What is the longest amount of time you've ever gone without shaving or shaving your beard? Oh my god. How long has he gotten? It's been you know what? I haven't. I can't do it because my hair, which actually I almost did before the show, it will grow over my eyeballs upwards. There's where your beard comes right up. I mean, my beard is up here if I don't shave it. I go I go get it professionally done every single Thursday. Ah, there you go. Plus, isn't there like a like a like a isn't there like kind of a community standards rule in Scottsdale? Yeah, I think they'll have picked me. Yeah, I'm pretty sure. Looking moved. They make him into Phoenix unless you're cool. Like cool guys. It's like, I he's cool. That's definitely not me. So right. Yeah, you know, it's it's funny because I always say like I don't try very hard that lowers the stands and then they're like, but you get your beard shipped every week. So it's like post-beloam comes to town and they don't make him clean up. Yeah, it's cool. Yeah, right. I'm just happy. So we're gonna be like, yeah. Yeah. Well, that's where money meets and they're like, Abadies rich. Right. Right. You can wear bedroom slippers and hospital pants. Yes. I mean, don't you remember that's uh, there was a there was a quote for my think was dolly part and back in the day. So it costs a lot of money to look this cheap. I'm like, makes sense to me. So yeah, she's she's a spark plug. I've got a lot of great quotes. Dolly part and it's had some great quotes. And I love that I live in Scottsa. I've seen all the time. I'm like, I know exactly what that means. That's a lot of money to look this cheap. Oh, man. I'd say I went, uh, I think I easily went two months without even touching it. Yeah, you're a machine. What about your head? Do you keep your head tighter? You just let it all go? No, I remember, um, I went through a breakup one time. And I just like did the old like, fuck the world not take care of from here up just to keep everyone away from me. Whatever's going through their doubt, got it's usual attention. Oh, yeah, the balls were trimmed. I was fine. You know, as it shapes, sticking to my diet. But from here up, I was like, oh, Ron's going through a crisis, you know, it sounded like my credit of work. That's what I mean. He's definitely not dataable. Yeah, that's just flawless. Yeah, yeah, that's funny. Here's one is a 500 milligrams of test twice a week. So, a gram of test. Is that too much? My coach said to start this cycle, but it seems like a lot. So we're assuming the guy isn't like, it maybe hasn't done a lot of drugs. So this is like a shock to his system type of a cycle. Yeah. So what would you say about that? Yes, too much. Yes. Quick, easy done. There's no reason for like, I think that's the thing. Number one, if and I love that this guy asks that, because that alone is your answer. If you think it's too much, it is too much. Because that tells me that you're taking half of that or even less than that. And there's no reason that, because I can promise you and here, I'll be really, really blunt, because everyone thinks that we shy away from drugs. If the key to being better was just more drugs, I would buy more drugs. I don't have a shortage of finances, divided $65 bottles of drugs. Nor is it hard to take it. It requires no talent. That's not the answer on how you need to get better. Plus, and this is something Dante drove into my head over and over again, is drugs hide mistakes. Yeah. So whether you're dieting, which I think he's there's in contest prep, or you're trying to grow, you might think you're doing better than you are, because the drugs are doing their job. Right. You know, so the answer is yes, it's way too much. And just for the record, a gram of test is the highest that I ever go. Right. Yeah, I was like, last, you know, the last time I was using that thousand makes a week of test. I was like 3, 3, 15, or 320. Yeah, I'm here. I'll tell you this. I'm at 300 right now, and I'm not doing that. Oh, did you hit three? Yeah. Could you are like 297 last week? Yeah, I actually, yesterday, which has been a good week in the meeting, Todd Sir. So yeah, no, I saw that. I actually, that actually crossed my mind. Yeah, so yeah, so in grams, I think what's scary is in our industry. It's gotten, like that's like a starting point for guys now. I'm like a gram, Jesus. I just could tagging shots. Oh, man. Okay, here's one. Oh, I lost it here. Let's, let's, let's have an attempt at this. Define working set in a sentence. A sentence is a bunch of words together in one group that have a, yeah, but the promise on the internet, a sentence can be like 45 paragraphs long. No, not something like capital letters. Yeah. You know, sometimes when I get it, like if somebody sends me a question or something like that, I try to read it the way they wrote it. Right with no punctuation, very difficult. Okay, working set is, man, Ron, take a shot. I want to hear yours. I can cheat. I would say it's a high effort set that you're putting maximum effort into and at least achieving momentary concentric failure. See, and I'm really glad I didn't not try to say that because that's flawless. And that's not what I would say. And then there's the caveat would be that a working set doesn't necessarily need to be to a concentric failure. If you're like, you could do like five sets of five and all five sets are pretty tough, but the last ones to failure. Those could all be considered working sets, because they're significant poundages that add up and create and total overload. But for the most part, a working set for most people's purposes, like you have to, you know, kind of hit concentric failure or your form starts to break and you have to terminate the set. Yeah, I think that, I think the reason it's tough for me to answer is right there. It's fun. I actually got caught on one of my own routines by this question, because I said three sets of 10. It's a beginner program. And she sent back to sex. We're all three of those to failure. I was like, whoo. Shit. Because that's not how I would train, you know, like, to me, the a true working set is to failure. But that's where you're going to have, and I'm like, where the number of total working sets you have, or even per exercise, it's determine what you've already done. So you're looking to me, a true working set is to failure or right to that cost, not necessarily past it. You know what I mean? Right. But yeah, I would say it has to be two failure or to me, it's a touch. But how you do those touches, like, for example, on leg press, I find a leg press to be a dangerous movement if you do them deep because of your hip flexor. It's not really a natural position for your body. A lot of people don't realize that. So my touches to my working set are 20 reps. I'm intentionally getting tired before the working set. So when people see me do 11 plates aside die for 20 reps, they're probably like, oh, I do that. But they don't realize that I did that with 4, 6, 8, and 10 plates first. Right. So you do accumulate some kind of volume, exhaust or volume work as you approach the fate. Yeah. The last, what I would call warm up or pre-exhaust set is very hard. Yeah. Yeah. I'll only go up one or two more plates for the working set. And then that one is we're shooting for 20, but it might be 19, it might be 23. Right. Right. Yeah. No, no. Okay. I had a good one here. Oh, yeah. So I might change the wording of the question. So the question is best calves to thighs in bodybuilding, not just size, but harmony balance conditioning. So I think what they mean is, sometimes we say who's got the best legs, but he's like, no, no, include the calves like the full leg foot to hip, who's got the best legs. And I don't know, it's hard to say. So do you want it to say at the Olympia who had the best legs at the Olympia? Okay. This year? Yeah. Glutes, quads, hams, calves, balance harmony conditioning all together, best set of legs on stage. Our came rooms. That was going to say either a chem or hotty. Yeah, you know, a good point. I think though for me, the reasons, I think a chem's shape is flawless. Like the way it sweeps out like, hotty, when I look at his legs in the front I go quads. Right. I'm saying like a jump at me. So I'm thinking of harmony and balance, which is so funny because the chem's the one the biggest freaks in the planet, but it's also pretty, you know what I mean? Yeah. So yeah, a chem would be who I would say and overall, and he wasn't at the Olympia, but should have been as flexless. Yeah, yeah. There you go. That's the answer, I guess, with the year off, you know, it wasn't really in the thought of the equation there, but that's always been the case. Yeah. Nothing could be, nothing could be better. Nothing needs to be bigger. Yeah. Nothing. Everything is just perfectly crazy. You know, so okay, that's a good one, actually. I think we talked about this before, but you got a home gym and you'll never have room for one. Do you buy a hack or a leg press? Already has a rack and a bunch of bars. So he's already got a squat rack. Okay, I, this is funny. For me, it would be a okay, in the reason is, I don't, unless you have a Smith machine, I don't stimulate like quads really, really well on a squat, but for 90% of my clients, it would be like press, because they can get what they're getting out of a hack in a squat and you can't really reproduce a leg press. And I think a leg press, a great volume movement. Also, a leg press is more versatile for your calves on it. Single leg and you can do single leg presses on it. You can do like, I think high-footed presses are more handy and glutee than high-footed hacks are. Yeah, for sure. I, I, I down low. Yeah, I mean, a hack spot is a one trick pony in my. See, even if I put my feet up high on a hack, I still feel like my quads do more, most of the work. Yeah, it just changes everything. I think you're getting, now you can get into hips, everything else. No, I agree. I understand, a leg press is way more versatile. Hack is a hack. Like, I just had this conversation with the one of the guys who he can go to his workshop, put my feet on like where you're strong. Right, where you're strong and comfortable is my first. That's where I start with everyone. Yeah. And unless you're in need, yeah, unless they're way out there, but if, if there's semi-correct, I'm like, yeah, and your body kind of tells you where to go because you ever know some of they put their feet like say they put them perfectly parallel to each other and on the first rep, they go down on their toes, just go out. They just slide on their own like this. You just go down on like, that's where they go. Yeah. Yep. Yeah. So, but yeah, the answer to the question is definitely like press for 90 times. Right. Right. Okay. Um, down to know, would we talk about this? Was a worse first date you ever had? We did not talk about this. Worst first date. I see, and I hate this because I have zero good story in the reason is I haven't, what is that? My phone's ringing. What does it mean? Um, I've never had a bad first date because I've never dated someone I didn't know. Like, didn't get to know on some level where already knew that it would be fine. You know, um, I did, I could tell you a great, a great first date story though that happened to a friend of mine. Um, she had this guy at the gym who kept hitting her up, kept hitting her up. And, uh, she finally was like, you know what? Yeah. Let's let's go to dinner. So he says, okay. Let's let's go to masters and masters uh, high end steak house here and she was like, all right. Kind of extreme for a first date, but you know, maybe he's got money. So she says the whole dinner was a little bit choppy and awkward. Um, but it got really bad when the chat came and he took it in his hand, he opened it up, and he looked at it and he closed and slid it across the table and said, I don't have that much. And he proceeded to ask if they could split it. And she said, you know what, I'm going to just go ahead and get this one. Oh, man. Payed it took her loss. And I got to call on her way home. And I said, you know what, I bet you that guy does it all the time. He's a fucking genius. That was funny. Maybe he already decided he wasn't into her. Yeah. Maybe he was like, this is terrible. I'm not paying this to be on the other day. Yeah. But I mean, I have like, I have like, so he actually physically slid it to you. She's like, yep. It's like, it's not like you didn't know. It's like you went to McDonald's and all of a sudden the hamburger was just $55. Like you chose the restaurant. Like you knew what you were getting into when you when you pulled this trigger. It's a that's why I think it was on purpose. Or like you said, he was like, she sucks. I'm not paying for an unboxing for this. Or maybe he realized he wasn't getting late. He's like, this isn't going anywhere. She don't like me. Right. I had a buddy. I, I, I, I, I think I already told the story about the girl I went on at date with. And she was in like law school. Yes. And it, the trick is just started pound and jins. And I was like, holy shit. It was funny. My buddy went on the date with the girl. And they started and they were having a great time. And I guess she got really comfortable. She had a few drinks. So you started talking about like, oh, it's so, you know, it's crazy seeing you every day. And then we're like really heavily flirting. So he started kind of talking like about sex. Right. And then she just like tells in this story. He was like traumatized. She says talk that she's like, yeah, I fuck three guys at once this one time. You know, we were just really drunk. Here. I kind of buddies him on. And he's like, you're like, hey, he's like, he's like, he's like, oh, is that what you call it? And he's like, yeah, yeah, that's what it's called. Yeah, they're trained on you. They sure did. So he said it was just like, he said it just like check please check. But the funny thing was she's like, oh, is that what they call it? And he's like, yeah, the most people who've done one know what it's called. How did you get into this position and didn't know what that was called? You know what I mean? That just out that story. I was cracked me up. Oh, it's just a matter. He's like, I don't want this date to go where I thought I did. And then she's like kind of innocent about it. Like, oh, is that what it's called? Is it, is that unusual? Is it matter what it's called? To be quite us? Is the name the thing that throwing you off the most about this? Right, right, the name concerns you? Okay. Okay. Okay. Let's see. I got to find another one now. I could, I could while you're hunting. I'm going to share a different story of the same story. So when I played hockey, we used to go to Canada to play all the time. Right. And I was in my room, a sleep. And one of my buddies comes in my room and he's like, hey, you had 80 bucks? I was like, sure. It's in my wallet and my pants. So he leaves. I go to sleep. But next day we got a Canada's Wonderland. You know what that is? Like the amusement park? Yeah. So we got the amusement park and waiting in line. I was like, hey, how was the stripper? He goes, it was in a stripper. I'm like, you got a hooker? He's like, yeah. I said, you lost your virginity to a hooker. He's like, yeah. That's an, how did this work out? So apparently, it's late in the box. Well, I don't know what the total was, but he needed it. So this late comes in. Oh, this is, it gets worse. It gets worse. So she comes in and you got five like 16 year old, 17 year old hockey players in a room. And she comes in and she's like, hey, and the four of them go to get up. And she goes, well, you're not to leave. They're like, okay, money. So, so she takes care of him, goes in the bathroom, cleans up, comes out, who's next? And as any good hockey players, our goalie goes, me! Of course, it's the goalie. Exactly. The, the, the, the most brain debt of the team goes for round two. And yep, that's what they did on that glorious Saturday night. Jesus. So parents, when your kids are out, just playing sports, remember, it's just fine. They're just getting hookers. Now, was the hooker taking American money or was this already changed into Canadian five? That's a valid question. I don't actually remember the answer to that. You know, but I just thought it was a weird thing. I'm like, oh, they got a stripper, whatever. Oh, no, you lost, you both lost your journey to a hooker. And one of you got the sloppy seconds. Awesome. Oh, God. And that's the shit they do in Canada. That's why we're safe down here in the US where we're things don't happen. That's the shit hockey players do dusty. Hockey players are like, they're always been the worst. Oh, that's a fact. Yeah, it's even the worst. The, the best. I mean, yes, worse. So football players are bad, but not, I was, our football team behaved really well because like, we didn't start playing ball to a grade 10. Yeah. But at hockey, you've started so young. So you've been like, yeah, so you're like, so in the hockey world, and it's just, just chain it. By the time you're 15 or just bang and hookers and it's a puck, a puck bunnies, that's what they call them. The girls are just hung out the rink. Yeah, it's real nice. Oh, man. Sorry, mom. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Um, hey, let's talk, uh, let's talk, um, television. Yes. What are you watching? Yellowstone. Okay. So you've started it. You, we had a little, we had a little joke about Kevin Costa or the cowboy hat. Yes. We needed to see this again. And where are you now? I am, I'm on, I'm, I'm six episodes in to the first season. Um, and here's the deal. It is country, sons of energy. That's what I'm watching. sons of energy, rancher style. Exactly. And you, anybody who starts watching this after this episode, they're going to watch first episode. I'm like, you're talking about, right, just wait. Yeah, I think around, I think around episode three or so, things get a little more clear. And you're so, oh, fuck. Do you want to know the moment when sons of energy? He was like, I was like, oh, okay, this show's going someplace. Do you want to know the moment? Uh-huh. It was like episode two or three. Right. And it was where a gem it goes to the hospital and gives that girl that book with the fucking loaded heroin syringe in it. Yeah. Because why don't you just do us all a favor and finish yourself off or whatever the fuck she said to her. Yeah. And gave a junkie. Give it junk in her own hospital. Four and over to ranch. Four and over to a loaded syringe and goes, didn't quite do good enough job yet, counter whatever she says to her. I can't remember that. And she just leaves it. So there's a junkie in the hospital left with a loaded syringe and you're just like, oh, God, okay. We got to be alone next to that. Yeah, we got some bad people on this show doing bad mean things. This is going to get crazy. I'm grateful that I, um, that I'm not in that place of my life anymore because when I watch sons of energy. So I started watching sons at the beginning of the last season. Okay. So there are six seasons. I started watching. I started. Yeah. Yeah. I watched the last episode live. Right. Yeah. You probably. I caught up. Right. And thankfully, I'm not a binger like that. Like I can literally watch an episode in call today. But it's not because it's not, I mean, it's awesome. But, you know, my, my time is a little more expensive now. So, I actually don't even watch an episode every day, which is what I'm not that far. But it's awesome. And the, and I think a key is, I mean, everyone knows this, but casting is everything. They have the right cast. You know what I mean? Like, and every great show, if you start thinking about it, you're like, like, you, you can't not have Gemma or the show doesn't exist. You know what I mean? And, and casting is more than just finding the actor for the part. It's finding an actor that makes you interested in that character. Like, they cast Gemma and to me, they cast. Hey, buddy. Hey, buddy. Yeah. Pig Bundy is a biker mama. And I'm like, I got a fucking see this. Right. So all I heard for like the first while was like, you know, Katie sigal steals the fucking show. Katie sigal dominates sons of Anarchy. Katie sigal almost interesting character on the show. Best written character, best cast character. Like, I got a fuck watch a show. Yeah. So like they, they do that. And when they do a good job and they nail it, and that person is, is able to completely transform your view of that actor. Yep. You know, it's like that that that's crazy. Sort of like, I mean, I'd see them in a few dark things before because he'd done a few dark things just to like throw people off. But Jason Bateman and Ozarks. Yep. You know, he's a comedic actor. You know, he did do that. That movie called the gift. I don't know if you remember that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That was so good. He was dark in that. But, you know, they throw Bateman in this in this. And you're like, oh, this is, this is the guy from fucking, yeah, you know, horrible bosses. Yeah. And they, but when they, when they nail it, though, the rest of development and you know, deal it. Like, I feel the same way, Tom Hardy in, in what the fucking, but my name, my show, Jesus, are you serious? Yellowstone? No, no, how do you tell him about it? Tom Hardy was, is in my regular show, it's during episode 7 this year, or 6 season. Jesus Christ, Shelby, Tommy Shelby. Work with me. Picky, Picky. Yeah. There you go. I didn't know Tom, Tom Hardy comes into that show, doesn't he? Yeah, he's the best actor and the best character I've ever seen in any show ever. Wow. Okay. I've always known he was good. He might be one of the greatest actors ever. Did you see, did you see the movie that Tom Hardy did? Fuck, I can't remember the name, but he played both of the Cray twins legends legends. Yeah, legend. Yeah. Awesome. Oh, Jesus. What a fucking, I had no idea what that movie was about when I watched it on the plane and I had no idea Tom Hardy played both twins. I just turned it on like, oh, I heard this was good and I was just like, you were, you were flying overseas and it was one of the choices. Yeah. Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. So he's he's fantastic. So I started watching a show that was suggested by a viewer, which was, and it was exactly what we wanted. We wanted something that was fast pace, right? Because we just kind of watched a slow moving documentary series for like eight hours. So we kind of wanted like a fun show that was gonna, that was gonna like move quickly. There you go. Dusty talking, Dusty talking to his dogs or his crew. You got question, Stancer. I was, I was, I was, Don, Don, I need to get out the door. So I asked to have he get open the door for. Oh, yeah, he just stand in there. She's like, I had a pest dude. So we, we wanted a fast pace show that gave you kind of, you know how some shows don't give any reward for like eight episodes and you're just like, fuck, I need a reward. Right. This, this shows kind of fast pace. So there's like, you know, every episode something big is happening. So it's fun to watch. It moves pretty quick. They did a good job with the cast. And it's actually filmed in Vancouver. So we're like recognizing all the scenery and shit. It's kind of funny. But it's, um, they're recommended by actually two of our viewers and it's called Travelers. Okay. I'm saying it's a, if the Netflix show and, um, it's a kind of about time travelers. Right. I'm kind of about time cops. So people come back from the future and they have to like steal a body. So they have to overwrite someone's consciousness. Oh. So, you know, they just kind of take the person's body. So the, the protocol is as they choose people that we're going to die anyways because they don't want to fuck up the timeline. Right. Okay. Yeah. So they'll have someone who's about to die and they'll jump into their body from the future and then like, you know, you know, you know, avoid the death. Right. And now at least they haven't killed another person. They took someone who was going to die anyways. And, and so they're trying to not disrupt the timeline too much because they have other things they have to do. Right. And they're trying to save the world in the future essentially the world becomes a terrible dystopian place. And they haven't really told us how bad it is. But yeah, we're just for already starting to say we're going to show but go ahead. So it's kind of cool. And, you know, they cast it. It's kind of fun. They got, you know, every team and there's a whole bunch of traveler teams all around the world and sometimes they run into each other. Right. And there's like every team has a medic and a scientist and a hacker and, you know, a leader and, you know, a security specialist. Right. So it's like these, so they operate on little missions to try to change the future for the better. But then sometimes they fuck up, you know, and then so it's, it's interesting. And then they throw in this little like, I like it when they throw in little things like this like one of the travelers takes the body of this woman and they think the woman is a librarian. Right. Turns out the woman's actually mentally handicapped. She was born congenitally with a brain defect. Right. So the traveler is having a very hard time in that body and she's going to die because the consciousness can't really work well on the brain that is in the, in the body. Right. So how do you know these emergency problems with this traveler? And they realize that they pick that person because the AI that's doing it in the future is using their social media and that person at a fake social media that they created for themselves. Ah. So it's a little slow to home. Right. Right. That's exactly it. A little like slide that in. So that because this girl who was essentially like a four year old in her brain had created this librarian persona on her social media, they, the AI made a mistake and used her. So, you know, that's right. So many real life things in my head. Now I'm just going to not say them but then and then the hacker, the hacker, he, he, he comes to in this body and he realizes he's in the body of a junkie. So he's like fighting heroin if draws and he's using heroin and he's trying to do and he's trying to like keep his dose stable so he can operate and keep his body functional. The function. Yeah. He's like a functional heroin addict for like the whole first season and a half so far because he has to be because that's the body's got and that's because the heroin addiction wasn't on that guy's social media. They didn't know that's fucking awesome. But that's so the thought process of the back of this show is already has maybe because that's half the people you watch. Right. So just I liked when they throw that stuff and you're like, oh, I see what they did there. Well, Jeff and all of us. Yeah. What would the future think I was? Which is actually funny because if you're in the I'm helping the guys on condemn that something we're talking about is that they need to make sure that people who are following them know them. Right. Actually, who they are. So we would be good bodies. This is my point. Right. I just, it's one of my favour concepts and they they constantly reintroduce it subtly because there's new travelers arriving. Right. To give them like sometimes they're in the middle of something but they've kind of fucked it up. You know what I mean? So maybe they kind of fucked something up but they're still trying to and then another traveler will just show up and go travel at 3487 aboard your mission your off mission. Right. And they're like, oh fuck, we got to stop what we're doing because it's not it didn't work. Right. It's not leading to where they needed to go. Yeah. So and but so there's new travelers arriving all the time and there's always something kind of wrong. How many how deep are you in this? We're season and a half. Now it's one of the reasons we picked it is because it's only three seasons and we know it's over with. Right. So they did I guess so-time did two seasons and then canceled it and then Netflix got so many angry people because they loved to show that Netflix bought it and finished a proper third season. That's awesome. They've done it with a handful of things. Right. There's a bunch of shows they did that for. You know when the real fans and you know how the networks and stuff they don't fucking know what they're doing. And then the real fans are like, no fucking you can't fucking cancel that Netflix is done that with a bunch of shows. Like, hey, hey, we're gonna buy it. Finish it properly. You know? That's kind of what what I even though I think it's the same channel. What's happening with Dexter. Hmm. There coming out with another season now. And I didn't think. What's that? Yeah, I don't know what season it was but I feel like it's the same thing because I remember when it ended I was like, I literally was like, this doesn't have to be over. No, and it's actually fine like when did it end 2011? Yeah, yeah, there's a bit of go. So Dexter has been up in Canada working at a logging camp out of that way. Off the map off the grid, no, you know, let's see what's going on. Let's see what's been going. That was it's fun. Because you know, you said, uh, when you said that the shows will drag on and not give in your reward, that's what I loved about that show was there was the issue with the episode, every single episode that tied in with the full season issue that had to be solved by the end of the year. You know what I mean? I always felt like they did a good with that because like you said, they would tie off this issue today. But we still have the one that's 12 episodes long. You know what I mean? They did, I thought whoever wrote that show was a genius. Yeah, yeah, it was awesome. To this day, I still think that season four of Dexter, which was that. That was the season that had the family theme where they bring in and see actors name to play the other killer. Oh, yes. Yes. The dad from third rock. Yep. Yeah. There's rock from the song. What's that actor's name? I can't believe I can't remember it. John. Yeah. You said that I almost have a and you have the dogs. I know you're talking about, but yeah, that was a crazy season. No, John, let's go. Yeah. Let's go. John, let's go. There you go. Crushes the show. And then how that show ended. How that season ended. That was a cycle. Oh, man. That was the peak of the show for me. Yeah. Yeah. But when I'm done, I'm going to go back to Peaky Blinders because I only watched two episodes. And it was like, oh, yeah. I think it's the only show I've seen where I do tell people if you're unsure. Give it three episodes because that show also every season gets better all the way to season five season one is shit compared to season five. Right. Right. For like you're just kept getting better and better and better. Yeah. Yeah. And then writers start realizing how far they can push the violence and the horribleness and the, oh, God. Fantastic. We will exchange clips sometimes like my training partners will will just send me a random clip from Peaky and you're like, I remember that. I remember that. Yeah. Just yeah, there's there's a million that you'll be like, oh, that's really fucked up. Yeah. So what's your, what's your view on this, your dusty? Do you think we're going to have? When do you think the bodybuilding shows will actually start? I think I think well, I mean, I'm talking to every single floor every single show to Florida. That's exactly what I hope they do. Right. Literally. I, um, because I got guys. I've got multiple people getting ready for junior essays, junior nationals, USA, North Americans. And I wish that the promoters would just say it now and we could be done with it. And I know what they're doing. Obviously with the presidential shit down here. They're kind of trying to see it through. But because of, okay. So if we didn't have 2020, that would be a big, oh, why are they doing that? Everybody just wants to know that the show's going to happen. Right. If we know they're going to go and I don't want to sit in a fucking mask and watch a show, like I don't wear masks anywhere anymore. I've just stopped. Um, and it's, uh, it's that's kind of the vibe. Like I think people want to be able to go do it normal or we think they'll have like every single state showing Florida, like a Missouri state in Florida. But I think I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I think now they won't because at least most of the states minus the two stupid ones of New York and California, we're kind of open. But then the other thing, it sucks as he promoters can't make as much money. Right. Because of all the stipulations and the rules. So I hope that it all starts to change because at some point people have to realize it doesn't make sense, right? Because, you know, Toss going to get on a completely full airplane tonight after standing six feet away from someone waiting and lying to get on that plane. Yeah. I know. You know, so every single seat's going to be full once you're in it in the capsule that I like to call a Petri dish. Um, you know, so it's, it doesn't make sense, but I really do. I hope that all the big shows just say, fuck it, let's make it Florida and we're good. And that's not convenient for me at all. So it's not like I'm saying, I like, oh, I live in Miami. So why not? It's fucking far and I have to go to every single one. But I want to know what's going to happen. You know, I got, I got to me, especially after last year. I got guys that needed to be on stage last year. And I was like, I don't think we do it. You know, yeah, and we all had great offices. But now like, like guys like Cole and Tommy are fucking dying to get on stage. I haven't competed in years. Yeah. I got a couple people that purposely took like 1920 to grow. Yeah, like, holy fuck, what a fool that I dodged. You know, there. Why have you that took 19 to grow? Because 20 was the year. Right. There's a few. Yeah. Yeah. And you're like, so at least you're taking two years to grow kid. Yeah. Yeah, definitely. Okay. Well, is that it, Dusty? We almost went two hours. We did and you, uh, you killed it with the million questions, man. Good morning. I, I, and then I got to do the rest of my story. You know, because I got, I got asked like, I got asked to Star Wars question. I'm not going to burden you with that Dusty. I, I, I, I, it's just I have such an opinion of it, you know. I got, I, I got asked, I got asked to rate in order three Beastie Boy albums. I mean, I can't wait to answer these fucking questions, Dusty, but you're going to have to watch the Instagram for it. I will because I am at least that's like when you asked what was it? The AC, the AC, the question that you answered and you were like, I hope it didn't go too long. I was like, fuck, no, I was like, just sitting there taking it in. I had no idea about an issue. It was like the greatest moment for me. I, I watch, I watch most of your questions. I'll skip the odd one if it's, if you know most of a lot of me, I'm going to know exactly anyone else. Yeah. So like, sometimes it's like, how much should I eat? I'm like, I'm going to skip this one. Yeah. But then there'll be like a question, you know, I'm like, oh, I'm wanting here with Dusty. I have to say to this guy, because this is clearly a great question, or this is clearly a stupid question. So Dusty's going to have to take care of business on this one. One way or the other, this might be a sarcastic answer. Well, let's see if Dusty laughs at this one or gives a serious answer. No, no, it's good. But yeah, man, it's, it's going to be, it's, you know, it's going to be good. Oh, and we got some guests coming up. We got a few people waiting in the wings, but we just got a book. We just got to give them some Mondays. So let's start line and those guys out. Gentlemen, I know Zane Watson wants to come on the show. I love to have Zane on. So I already talked to him. He's whenever we want to do it. So he's got to give him some notice. So that would be great. Zane's one of the guys I missed this year. Right. He was, I mean, he was an Ontario. Right. So I mean, it's like Jim's, he's guys own Jim obviously, but it's, you know, locked down City for like most of the year. Right. So I, I see why he just hunkered down in his own Jim. He's pulled up the hoodie and just fucking went to work. It might be, I think it's not. Well, it might be Zane Watson surprised time 2021, right? It's 2.0 now. Yeah. I think a lot of guys, it's going to be cool to see because they did take that approach. Yeah. Some of the guys excited. Yeah. Exactly. You know, who knows what? We might have some surprises in 2021 because there's some guys that were like, okay, I'm just going to sit my basement for the year and eat. I think I think Hollings had kind of opened that up too because not that we all knew that James was good, but I think he kind of gave everyone the realization like, but what if he went all in? Because he went all in. You know, a year ago, I wouldn't have been like, oh, he's definitely going to win both shows he does next year. Right. I mean, like, he's not five for sure. First call up. Yeah. You know, but it would not have been what he's going to win, you know, so I think I think that's a game changing. You know, who else I really like to get back on because I just can't get enough is JP. I'm a call. Yeah. I want to get him back in because every single time the only thing is we're going to do this show a little earlier because I have to go to the gym after we talk. I have to. I see him here. It's been possible. We'll be on the end of the day. I mean, you really have to that conversation. You know what, this next time what we'll do is send him a message, give him a little heads up this time so he comes his hair and we'll get him on the air. Actually, I want the crazy scientists look. Yes. I want to look like straight from the lately he's been doing them in the dark. I want him right off the hacks. Let's talk to them all. I love it. Okay. Thanks, Dusty. Appreciate it. Remember to like, share, subscribe, comment, ring the bell. Scott can take that. Put it at the front of the show where I was supposed to say it and then leave it where it is. So I say it twice. Put the graph go we're both there. From salt. Look at that. Just helping him out. You're helping his skills on the editing. Okay. Thanks everybody. And remember, it's just bodybuilding.