But made it, I get there, I go upstairs and I'm neurotic and cellulose, body, but I had three scales with me. If you want to check all three, so I'll take the average. I'm not going to be trusted one scale. So I get there, I check my weight into my 201.4. Cool point, right? But like at this point, I like, I'm di-reddit up, I haven't drink or eat anything. Nothing depleted. I'm just emissated, right? So on my crap, I'm going to go do the sauna, what's down the sauna and I told my mom, what I'm doing is not good for me at all. Okay, I'm going into the sauna, I'm coming in and out every 10 minutes. If you don't hear from me every 10 minutes, you can send somebody an after me. Okay, it's okay and she's looking at me like, she's like, like, who am I? I'm mom's daylight, my son's crazy. What's up guys? Welcome back to Blood Sweat and Gear with coaches Skip Hill, Andrew Berry. I'm Scott McNally and we are joined by Chris Tuddle. Chris, thank you for joining us, man. Yeah, so I apologize to your my pleasure. Andrew and I go way way back. Oh yeah, we're excited for this one. Guys, all of our programming, it's brought to you by truenutrition.com. User code, thank for additional savings. High quality third party test and supplements from a company that you can trust, supplement source.ca for our Canadians. They have great deals that change week to week, check them out. And last but not least, thank you to everybody from Patreon. We're going to do another Q&A episode after this and we'll be sure to tackle all your Patreon questions. So from here, I'm going to turn things on over to Andrew and Andrew's going to run the show. I guess I'm running the show. You're you've got the wheel, man. I got the wheel. Yep. So Chris and I are both from the New England area. You know, obviously I'm the better known bodybuilder out of the pool of us way more successful. Yeah, right. But no, again, to the point of it, I wanted to hear because I've always thought it's been an I always thought it was interesting. Chris is a story. Chris comes from an nutritional background. He's a registered dietitian. He became an IFB pro, 212 pro. He's got a lot of fun stories from along the way. So I think we just want to start it off with like what got you into bodybuilding, what got you into it? Were you an athlete before all this? I know the answer to that. But I think our listeners would find it interesting. Yeah, I'll try to keep it very, a very shortened, it's not just a story, but it's a pretty long story. But I love dirt bikes as a kid, 545 years old, 40, or 5th birthday, I first started racing with 8. And I loved motorcross, I loved dirt bikes. And I was also younger, diagnosed with hypoglycemia. So this is quite a how nutrition ties in and how all of a sudden exercise is going to tie in. So I got diagnosed with hypoglycemia and I noticed the hearing age, the differences in how I felt with certain foods and others. My kids might be my friends, I'd be eating combos and like a you who and like I would eat that and how to feel terrible. But if I was to fight a sandwich and say some chips, I would feel way better. So I used to always say that I needed real food. So when I was a kid, but I always say my parents, I need real food and that met more food and substance. I was saying no like a more higher fat protein carbs and each solid meal. So I paid attention to food and how it made me feel and I would choose it based on that. So that's how my initial interest started having food. So fast forward to the first-dway racing motorcross, I got killed, crushed the first year of racing. And just like both people who started anything, they're not very good. And I hired a trainer, I parents harder trainer for me and my trainer just overhauled everything. He's like dude, if you want to be good like you got to act, you got to do what top guys do. And that's nutrition, that's training, that's riding, riding, doing bad conditions, do everything. So he revamped my diet and taught me education with what's approaching, what's a carb, what's a fat or an age of 11. And kind of transform my already diet that was better than most kids diets into more you would say just a balanced diet, right? Me protein carbs, fruits, vegetables, just balanced. And then I felt really good. He also put me in a weight training program that was more conducive you could say like a CrossFit where in motorcross you have to be very, it's very, even when a lot of it there, you came into muscular, you pop up fatigue. So it was like you know, set to 20 dead lifts and then do walking lunges and then you bunch of pushups and then you know, do bent over above our elbows, kind of a huge circuit and they just like really just push yourself cardiovascular wise but under resistant training. In my body, respond well very quickly and I didn't notice it, my friends noticed it. They're like dude, totally you're jacked. And six, three, they're like dude, you got abs bro, what's up with that? And then like, you're like, they're like, they're going to associate, wow, what I'm doing for training for motorcross is changing the way I look, I'm getting attention from it. I'm like this is kind of cool. So then I start like a lot of magazines, bodybuilding magazines, etc. And I'm like, oh that's really cool. Like I could change more training and maybe look more like that. But my motorcross training wasn't having it. He's like dude, you know, you can't do that. That's like turn with Sumo Restlord and run a fast marathon. Like it's not going to happen. I can't work. So I used to sneak in things here and there, but he would know because he would see me ride in my arms with pump up and I'll get to fire and even like do training arms stop. I'll get the track, you know, 13, 14 years old, fairly muscular. And people look at me like dude, he's come from the wind, they just make a joke. Or am I, I didn't. But like obviously I like the attention. I like how many feel. I like the muscles. I like how I have control of my body. So that's like the initial introduction to nutrition and training and what it could do for my body. But it was all for motorcross at the time. I raised motorcross all day from age 9, 10. I got really serious in in 2011, 12, and I turned professional 21. And then when I finished racing motorcross, I wanted to body build so bad because now that I'm done motorcross, I can actually bodybuild. I was going to school at the time for to be a strength coat. And then I really realized that I really wasn't interested in all this different philosophies of training because it was more geared towards sports. And I wanted to be more towards bodybuilding. And as you guys know, a lot of the following in the research while athleticism because that's what pays, right? Football, tracking field, Olympic sports. But not hypercognally. So I changed my major to nutrition. And that's why I became school's and be a dietitian. And I knew that was going to help my bodybuilding as well. And I'm also like, well, I love food. And I'm the only guy really in the whole nutrition field. So but better be around my degree, I'll talk about food, right? I can attest to that. Like I was the only guy in my graduating major that you're, because I, I have the same degrees. I had some guy with contract boss my ball just like, bro, you're, yeah, it's not like a female field. And I look at him like, oh, yeah. He knows what I thought about food. This is un-wonderful. But that's not the real reason females, but it's food. And I bodybuild and competed all through school. Left, what across behind? I was ready to leave. Just be just like, you know, you're living your mouth basement spending like 40k here on rape one, you know, breaking a bone every year, you know, going through all that. Like, do I got to grow up eventually? But I was like, oh, I'm really perfect for that. Like, I don't have to break bones. I can only have to train like an hour and a half a day. I love food and I learn about food and I can transform my body so I can dedicate all this time and effort to this. And of course, coincides with my career as well nutrition. And that's kind of like how bodybuilding started in 2005. I hired my sister's ex-boyfriend who you've bothered build and he helped me prep for my first show didn't do very well. We got fifth at a six people in the middle of late, probably was like five weeks out condition to today standards. And the following year, I was like, I'm going to do this myself, but I'm going to learn. I bought all of Chris Isido's books, read all his books, follow to the T. And then went from middleweight fifth place at a six people in my first show to winning the novice novice overall in second in the open and a staff like heavyweight division. It was like, I think there's 26 guys in my late heavyweight class. How old are you then? Great. That was 2021, 2022, 2022, when you're first overall, you say you won the, what, I'm sorry, I missed that place saying I just, I heard you moved up to late heavyweight. What was that placing in there? Yeah, this is the back in the day when novice divisions actually had every class because there's so many competitors. Oh yeah. Yeah. And I won the novice novice overall and then I got second in the open and the open had something like 24, 26 guys and the late heavyweight. Yeah. It's crazy. Gold gym classics and New Jersey. And it was great because you know when you're young, you don't know how bright we were in works. So I had no idea. So like I was out there and they're doing callouts. And then eventually I end up in whatever callout it was. I didn't know what it meant. And then I was like, what do you think? My dad's like, I don't know. Like it looks like you're up there, you know, who knows in night show comms. And this is where like bodybuilding, this is what I missed about it. I'm sure you guys call it test to it. It's like, you're new, you're fan, you love every minute, you're learning everything, everything's new. And they're like, hey Chris, so number whatever what was like, you're top five. I'm like, oh my god, I made tough five. You're late class. And this is a crazy division. And they start calling out and I thought I was like fifth. And they're like, fifth place goes to so and so on. Oh my god, not fifth. And they go down the line and there's me and one other dude. And he's like Chris told me, I was so excited. And then the following week, I got second again to Chris the comptay at the East Coast. And after that, you know, I did my prep again, didn't work out. Then I hired a factory movearak. And then he projected me significantly in a very short period of time. I went from I think 15th at Eastern USA's to six months later, winning Atlantic States heavyweight. So I jumped away class in six months and then one of the Atlantic states. She jumped a heavyweight. When he went on the 20th. Yeah, it was November. Like, what he was there. It was November that I did Eastern's. And then I hired Focker shortly after like two weeks after. I first asked him, he said, no. You got coaching wasn't a thing then, yet, right? You know, I was like, hey, can you help me? He's like, no, dude. Sorry. And then like two weeks later, he contacted my ex girlfriend at the time through my space. And goes, hey, I'm considering helping people with coaching. I will help Chris. And I'm like, great. I think it wasn't very much money. I think it was like 600 bucks for the year or something like that. Whatever it was back then. And then from that November, I weighed 190 one on stage. And then that very, that next June, I was 202 on stage peeled. Yeah. So it was a crazy rebound. Everything was better. He made me eat way more food than I ever thought that was possible. And that rebound. And a lot of new stimulus. So my body just responded. Great. But I never responded that extreme ever again. We all had those crazy, crazy growth sprues like once or twice, you know. And then kind of moved on from there to the next show to the next show. But you guys have any questions for our keep going? Because I'll just keep actually have two. And I've been waiting patiently and Scott and Andrew know that that's a very different thing. That's a big deal. It's a big deal. It's a big deal. It's a big deal. It's a big deal. And it erupted. It has a number one question. And well, it's not even a question. It's more of a statement. So you're not only a pro bodybuilder, but you're also a pro motorcross. Yes. It's okay. I'm not, I'm not pro anything. So you've already got to go in that number one. Number two is I'm, and this is the one I'm really curious about. And you gotta be honest. I don't know where your life is, but how much asks were you pulling in like June or high? He's been sitting on that one for 10 minutes. I've been sitting on this for a while. Because I mean none of the other kids had any muscle right. And I know it's young. I'm just, I'm making a joke about your life. I mean, I got like I won best physique, you know, in the senior year or whatever. But I mean, to be honest with you, like most women are into like, fun, the football player is the team sports. And I was like, cross guy, you know what I mean? I know, but that's pretty manly. Yeah. That's, you know, I mean, I get what I'm saying. It's not football. And you don't want to worry you jersey. You know, yeah. It's not common. I mean, like, I did my fair share of, but like, motorcross, like it consumes you. Like, people don't realize it like, it's, it's just like any sport at a high level. I mean, Sunday you're racing, Monday you're recovering, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, you're practicing training, you know, biking running by some, hitting the track, working on drills, Saturday's recovery, pack up, race Sunday, and you're doing that, you know, nine months out of the year. So it's like, it's cotton, then you break bones and then you're per, it's a lot at a high level. And even in the highest level, those guys are riding like 30 hours of the week on the bike, you know, so it gets to be a lot. And then it got that point like once I turn pros, like, I can't compete with these people, like, because these people are getting things paid for and like they're able to ride right 30 hours. I got to work. Yeah. And like level of speed they carry is ridiculous. So like, I remember my first professional race, I did okay locally at professional race. And then I did an invitation on which is basically qualifying for nationals, for a national professional race. I didn't qualify it. But the how fast they were going, I couldn't even believe it. Like I was going fifth as fast as I ever had been in my life. And there was pulling away from me like I'm sitting still. And I'm just like, this is where I branch off to do something else now. Like 17 years old just go, it's gone. Yeah. That's great. So moving forward, when did you connect with Evan sent to Pani? After Atlantic states, actually, I did the Atlantic states. He came over to me and he goes, dude, your Connecticut grown. I go, yeah. And I, and he goes, well, be too. He's like, I know who you are. I'm like, you're Evan. You're done. Hey, everyone's like, yeah, he's like, yeah, man, it was nice to meet you. He's like, I don't know many bodybuilders in your besides P.J. And I'm like, why are we? We, yeah. And then I met P.J. They're briefly at Atlantic states. Yeah. And then the following week after Atlantic states, I attend the Montenari show they put on New Haven. And Evan sees me and he's like, dude, promise, trunks, you're gasposing with me. And I'm like, bro, like, you know, Mara kids today would be like, yeah, man, I'm going to do that. But I was like, I've no place to do that. Like, I'm not a professional. I'm like, I just won, what, my, what, my class of Atlantic states, like, I'm in no body. And he's like, dude, I think he's great because this Connecticut show, you're still shredded, you know, and you're like 10 pound, 15 pounds heavier of waters. You look huge, what are on? And I did. And then I talked Evan backstage, he's like, bro, you ever in a, in New Haven, let's train. And I go, sure. And then year after, I went to college in New Haven and he sees me there. He's like, dude, total, what are you doing here? I'm like, well, I'm going to school at New University and he gave me a dietitian and I'm training here between classes. He's like, bro, let's fucking train. And I'm like, sure. Oh, let's go. And then we became good friends and training with him for the first time was such a high-opener. I mean, looking back at it, we know it wasn't a good idea, good practice. But so for example, the leg day, and obviously, you train with Evan, you, you, you just shut up, right? Like, I'm just falling in the dust. Oh, he says failure and do 10 more. I'm going to failure doing 10 more. Yeah. Yeah. And we're doing hacksquats. He's like, what do you like to do? I love hacksquats, squats. This is back when I don't, in the years, I could do everything. And he's like, I like traps. That's like, can't be too. So we're, we're doing our feeder sets and I get up to about six plates. And then I do a set of 12. And I stop. And he goes, doing. And I go, I'm working my way up to do our drops at he goes, no, no, every set is a drop set. And I go, I'm coming again. I plan on starting at eight. And then we'll do, I'll do eight plates for his mains like hand. And then you six plates is mains like hand. And four plates is mains like hand. And that's one set. And we're going to do four of those. Damn. I was, my hand, my, you know, like, yeah, we're, I'm still old school mentality in 41. Didn't say word. Sure, no. Let's go. Do the whole thing. I couldn't get out of my car. When I, my legs were in such spasm, I'm surprised that didn't give myself a rubbed out. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I was thinking the same thing. Yeah. I like, I call them over at the time. I go, I'm at the grocery store. And I physically can get out of my car. She said, what do you mean? Every single time I try to put weight on my leg, my whole entire leg ceases up. But for almost an hour and a half. And I kept trying to get out of the right, to navigate to my groceries and I couldn't. So we get a text from your kidneys and it just says, what the fuck? Yeah. What's going on out? Back then, text for 25 cents each time. So it's a very important tax. I don't think I did. We had the flip top phones right? Right. You know, yeah, you hit the seven five times. Yeah. Yeah. But I was great. I mean, I was funny because I go to school with my cooler. It was like I commuted from East Hartford to New Haven, which 45 minutes. So I'd bring my food to the entire day. And I would just go to classes 8 a.m. 8 a.m. in the 930 and then me, Evan after my second class and then go back for my other classes, all sweaty and workout pants, walking out of the cooler, smelling like fish. You know, like, I did whatever I needed to do to get it done. And I just remember all the teachers always crack and jokes. Oh, what's that? Yeah. Yeah. We're going to do it. You're carrying organs in that that's a good one. I like that. Yeah. It's so you bring your literally describing like my same college experience. Like the two a T-Cris. I'm actually injured. It's like, I eventually tried to do it to keep a low profile. Like I would keep a main cooler in my car and then maybe cooler with me one new week. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So the attention is okay. And then it becomes kind of like an I roll. You're like, just just like, you're me. Just nobody's seen me because I just want to, I don't want to be bothered with it. Oh, you would annoy the teachers when you break out of Tupperware in your eating during their class. Like they'd have to make a crack about it every single time. So I would go, you couldn't get lunch in today. So you had to eat and it was always something like that. So I go in the back and I try to be a little profile or like, or I step out, I had a lab for four hours. You can't bring food or drink into the lab. I'm like, okay. And you can't leave to eat either Chris. I go, okay. So like around two hour market, like, I have to use the bathroom. Yeah. Yeah. You're not throwing them. And I was just like, drink a shake of oatmeal. I'll macadamia nut oil and make protein and just get it down and then go back into the class. Yeah. You know your discipline when you can sit down and take a shit and eat a meal at the same time. Yeah. I know it's gross. But you gotta know that's sometimes the price you gotta pay. You know, you know, you know, you're clients like I'm traveling, not going to fall the diet. And there's never been a time my life with any job I've ever had anywhere, even working the ICU, where I couldn't figure it out. Right. It might not be perfect. But I figured it out. Yeah. Yes. And people are like, oh, I'm traveling for the day. I can't do my diet. Oh, you traveling in a airplane? Oh, no. Just a car. Oh, what? That's easy. Yeah. Yeah. Easy. It's very well-timed. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, you eat your food cold. I'm like 90% of why am I? One of the common questions we get asked by you guys is, what would you do differently with your body building? If you could go back in time. Given all the experience and education I have today, there's a number of things that I would have done differently. One of them is that I would have started using college and sooner. College it is one of the few supplements that will actually rebuild connective tissue. It took me tearing my super spinatus in 2021 to get with the program. I use true nutrition's hydrolyzed beef college and I get the unflaver version. I pay for it myself. Just like you guys do, I use 20 grams a day, mix it into my coffee. It's totally unflavered. You don't even taste it. Plus, I use 10 grams of their micronized creatin. Creatin has been shown to improve brain health, especially for the aging brain. I need that. And of course, you know, we've always know about the muscle building effects. So this is my morning routine every day and I'm encouraging you guys to do the same. Use our code, thank for savings plus. It's the only way for them to know that this advertising is being heard. Otherwise, they just think you're some random dude that clicked on an app. And I do it by the do it. I mean, actually, as far as getting the degree as a register dietation, I would assume that you found it. I don't want to say easy, but easier not only because of it was something that you're interested in because it fed, mad only, or motorcross, but your bodybuilding. But also just because you had a pretty good background going in, right? Honestly, being a dietation is completely different. So being the dietation is about nutritionally to disease. In the cases, you're an experience of people on dialysis, diabetes, gal, things like that. So it really doesn't almost doesn't apply at all. Other than really carnivore, it's more well-rounded and understanding what a good diet is in a bad diet. Because, you know, when you don't have the education, you could easily take information from somebody that's a bad diet and be like, oh, I think that's a good diet. You don't know. But go, oh, I can look at diets and make this things trash. Regardless, it's a good result. It's a trash, you know? So it didn't honestly apply to anything. In my master's nutrition, which was human nutrition, we did a lot of research. And that opened my eyes more to like, there's nothing that's installed. It's just, we've proven right now. And this is what the research states. And basically, it opened your mind. It's almost like being a dietation and undergrad closes your mind, puts you in a box. Well, this real state, this is the code of ethics. This is what we learn. They need to do your masters and your life. There is no box, you know? It's wide open. And if it works, it works, and you do what's sustainable for the client. And, you know, this is the current research with cancer and nutrition. This is the current research with alcohol and how it affects the body. Master, probably overall better education piece that helped me through body, within looking at plans, been like, this is returned. This is ridiculous. You know what I mean? But they did you with like advanced sports nutrition. They did small degree of electrolytes, but even all my rotations were all sick people. It's all very, very sick people. He's talking, you're talking about the dietetic internship and then your job as a registered doctor. I think there's an even as a job. I work on ecology for ICU. You want two feeds. It's new to like, yeah, new IV nutrition. You have to adjust their electrolytes every day. That's cool, you know? Like, I'm thinking back to like the actual, you know, registered dietitian degree, or sorry, the dietetics degree in nutrition food science and on the nutrition food science part, I thought that was way more interesting, especially classes like advanced nutrition, nutrition biochemistry. Like that for me had the application to bodybuilding, which was everything that I was about at that point. And a quick story was, I remember one of my professors, and you remember like the Chris, they have all these guidelines for like how to get people to lose weight or how to, you know, how to do this or that, right? And one of our final projects was to write a diet that would help someone lose 20 pounds. And I'm like, well, shit, I just did a bodybuilding contest prep. And I lost 32 pounds. I'm literally, and I documented everything to a T. I'm going to type it all up and I'm going to, you know, turn it in. I turned it into her and she gave me a zero. And I'm like, what do you mean a zero? Like, I literally documented the diet that I did. You didn't follow any of the guidelines. You're supposed to have, you know, 65% carbohydrates in 12% of my life. I was like, listen to me. I was already helping people out at that point, not like coaching or anything like that, but helping my friends lose body weight, put on muscle. And I was like, yeah, but in the real world, that just doesn't work. Like, like, just only works, you know, giving you real life experience of what exactly what I did to a T to lose all his body fat. And I, and I had pictures back then, I took polar roads and attached them before after, you know, and she's like, why you send to me these pictures, you know, it was, it was the weirdest experience, but I'm like, you won't, you don't want a real life case study. Yeah. Yeah. Well, that's the downfall. And I tell, I get a ton of inquiries about people want to fall in similar path as myself, go through dietitian, getting a job at the hospital, and then eventually work with themselves. And they asked me the pros and cons being the dietitian. I tell them exactly what you just said. I go, my teachers had no idea how to build muscle, how to manipulate body composition. Like, when I say no idea, I mean, if you follow what they recommended, you're not going to any results. You're going to get fat. Yeah. They don't talk about that about adaptation. We talked about metabolic adaptation within people who are like muscle wasting and people who are like severely non-nerished, but we don't talk about metabolic adaptation or carbcycling or anything of that nature. And if you tell them that, they look at you like you're ridiculous. So there's not a skip-loading chapter in the dietitian. There's one of the, there's so behind the times I can't. It's like 20 years ago. It really is the 20 years behind. I mean, think about, just like in medicine, there are doctors that are doing practices today that are working with certain treatments that will be written in medical literature at 10 years from now that will be taught at a school. Yeah. Absolutely. Mind, because you always have to have that research to back it before you could put it in publisher. Yeah. I'm sure. Yeah. Well, let's get back to your bodybuilding career. What was let's get back. I wanted to talk about the story, you know, that I've heard a couple of times about the North Americans where you just got completely overlooked. Tell us about that. Okay. All right. So after Lennox states, I did Lennox states, Steve Weinberger was like, dude, told Falker that I should do junior nationals a week later. I didn't have any money. Didn't have any gear. Had nothing left. I got a school. I got to worry about what I got to worry about. That's fine. We'll do, do nationals a year after. Did the year after? We got flu two weeks out. Got ninth. Did total. And then had a bad breakup decided to put bodybuilding a hold for a while. Really focused on school. And then in 2012, I returned to bodybuilding. And it just for fun. And then I was like, you know what? There's a, the Vermont is 13 weeks away. I'm going to jump on cycle and start talking for that. And then just do for fun. And I did it one the overall map. And then the J-Color class the week after. And then I said to myself, well, let's just do one pro qualifier than quit because at this point in time, I can't keep bodybuilding. I got to move on because the girl I was with at the time, she hates bodybuilding. Thought I was a selfish SOB. Didn't want to be. I ended up doing. You date my wife? God damn, I didn't even know this. I ended up doing the gear when she wasn't looking. I had to do a carring for she got out of the carring. I tried to tread as lightly as I could just like we're in school, right? Yeah. So I did, you know, did the color. And then I was planning to use a parcerate to my pack delayed to North Americans. And this is my last show, North Americans. Fockery helped me. Because I helped Fockery a lot. So I helped me. Fockery really helped me for this prep. Used became good friend of mine. Prep did great. And I had no idea what I'm walking into. I just know that like this is the best I ever looked. I'm happy what's going on. This is my last show. No pressure. Excited. Maybe I'll get top 10. Maybe not who knows. Four weeks out of decided that I didn't want to be a heavyweight on be light heavyweight. And there's like that's fine. But it might be tough. So a week out, I think I was 213 or 213. And so Fockery recommended some things that are a little, I'm not a media. And Fockery is an idiot either in this regard. But this is what he knew to do. And I checked it at that and I'm like, I think this is a little green. I think maybe we should try to do a gradual drying out process. So like I modified it, you know, stop growth hormone, shop from jetables, reduced my sodium just a little bit, make sure my water was consistent. Carbs were at zero. Then I started 25 milligrams of all deck down in a day. Just a little bit. Just to see what happened. In my body weight starts to trend down and I'm like, okay, we're trending down a little bit every day. Maybe we'll do 50 migs of all deck tones. You'd happen. So I'll give you a note of that down. Trend down a little bit more. I think I was around like 209 or 208 Wednesday morning. And then I'm like, man, weigh in your Thursday. Now this is the story. This is the story. I'll start to go with my buddy, my wife who hates bodybuilding and his wife. They're going to drive me down. So I was going to dedicate this Pennsylvania six hour drive. And you know this, we can't rely on anybody when you're preparing. No, yeah. So I'm like, I'm starting to get nervous. So I'm like, I don't know if this is a good idea. It's called a mama Wednesday. Like, Ma, what are you doing tomorrow? And she's working. And I'm like, um, do you take the day off? And she's like, for what? I'm like, well, this is the thing, Ma, I don't trust my friends being out on time. I have to make weigh in immediately upon opening. So I can make weight and start to fill up. I have to do drastic crap mom to get my to make weight. She's like, where is it? And I go, well, it's Pittsburgh. She goes, oh, I like Pittsburgh. Oh, my God. Wait, you can go shopping. You go, do what you got to do. But we're going to go. But this is the other catch. She's like, what? We're leaving it three o'clock in the morning. Oh, and she's like, what? I'm like, I'll be, it's not a big deal. But I why the house to be a clock in my mom's mom's the same. She agrees. She gets in the car and I go, mom, this is the deal. I go, I'm going to be driving in a rate of speed that you're probably not going to like. Okay. Now, if you need anything or drinking anything, it's like yesterday. Okay. And I go, just please don't pay attention. And she looks at me and she's like, pulls her newspaper. That's right. And like, you know, when you're deprived and depleted things tweak you, right? Oh, yeah. I was playing country music on the way down there. I hate country music. But country music doesn't make you angry, right? Right. Some great music. I got, I got the heat blasting from trying to sweat. Of course you are. I got like, you sweat shirts on too, right? I got it up still. Great. And sweating in a cup. Yeah. Yeah. My mom's, my mom's just like, it's really hot in here. It's really hot in here. Like my bro put on the window. We'll take breaks intermittently. Yeah. And then we will, we like pulled to a gas station and my mom is the deal. I go, I'm going to check my weight and tend to defogery. And I go, I'm going to run in and check the weight. You start pumping gas. And by the time I'm going to come out, finish pumping gas, you go to bathroom. I'll turn around and pick you up with a fly. Like like right when very systematic. And she's like, okay. So we do the whole thing. We get down there. We got down there really quick. I think I'm I don't know. I think I made it in like four hours and 45 minutes. What's the normal drive time for that drive for you guys? It was fine. It might be five and a half or five. That was like six. That was like six from Connecticut. Yeah. Okay. She threw minutes off. The normal time. Yeah. Yeah. But made it. I get there. I go upstairs and I'm erotic as hell. I was bodybuilding. I had three scales with me. I want to check all three. So I'll take the average. I'm not going to be trusted one scale. So I get there. I checked my weight into my 201.4. Cool point. Right. But like at this point I like, I'm di-redded up. I haven't drink or eat anything. Nothing depleted. I'm just emissated. Right. So my crap. I'm going to go do the sauna. They had a sauna there. I already called to make sure they had a sauna. What done the sauna? I told my mom, oh mom, what I'm doing is not good for me at all. Okay. I'm going into the sauna. I'm coming in and out every 10 minutes. If you don't hear from me every 10 minutes you can send somebody an after me. Okay. It's me. It was okay. And she's looking at me like, what's up? She's like, look at my mom. I'm staying away. My mom's crazy. Yeah. I'm inside the man's locker room. And I'm in there texting my friends trying to keep my mind occupied. You just had to plead and that dehydrated. Like your brain is just like, you know, you're trying to like cope with how uncomfortable we are. So I go in there five minutes come out, assess because I know how dangerous this is, right? Like I don't want to die in the sauna. Idiot. Oh yeah. Going five minutes come out, cool off, pat dry, go in there eight minutes, cool off, pat dry, go in there 10 minutes, cool off, pat dry. Now I'm starting to feel a little woozy. My blood pressure, when we get into a low. So I come out and I just sit there. And then some guy comes in and he's like, you Chris? And I go, yeah. And he goes, oh, your mom sent me in here. Are you okay? I'm like, yeah, I'm like, in the 10 minutes. As it's been like 16. So my mom finds a worm due to come and check me. I was fine. So then I wear him for five more minutes. Because at that point I'm like, I'm at the point where I'm like, okay. This is not good. Not if it's good. But this is really good. Yeah. Come out. And I go upstairs and I check my skill and it says, 197. Yes. And I would like, ooh, but what if your skills heavy? So I get on all my skills. It was like, one ninety seven, one I was like, one ninety five point eight and one I was like one ninety nine point two. So I go down there and it was actually an hour before way and started. And I'm just like looking around in the guys that can I help you? And I'm like, hey, uh, do you mind if I just jump on that skill right there just to see how close I'm actually to making way? Well, we don't start wins for an hour. But yeah, sure, not yourself out. Like sweet. So I run over there, take on my stuff off down opposing trunks get on there and I'm like 196.2. And I'm like, yes, any goes, you know what, I'll just register you now. I know. And he's like, yeah, we'll class you and I'm like, well, I was registered for a heavyweight. It's Chris Tuddle. And then you're I'm watching the dude. I'm watching. Take my paper out. Cross off heavyweight. Right, light heavyweight. Right, my weight watching and put in the correct pile. And I'm like, okay, and then like, is that the right pile? He's like, yeah, double. And then I go, okay, turn around. I go, fuckery. All right, how do we undo this? Here. Yeah, yeah. Well, that was just like dude drink a leader water right now. Um, I think it was like two cups of rice, five ounces of chicken, a little bit of olive oil. And saying pictures every two hours and every meal have, I think it was at the time, 400 ml of water, 300 ml of water for the first night. Um, I mean, arguably North American night show was probably my best look on stage of all time, not the pre-dogging because I have tan on us to flat, but you know, ended up working out. And then, uh, so this gets great. So I haven't, remember, I haven't competed in a while. And I did my own tan. So my buddy helped me with my tan and I did Jan Tanna. And this is a professional show, you know, we've just teach us show. So who knew I did my, we just write him. So, uh, Foxy is like, all right, dude, this is the deal, man, you got light, you got the anti-weight, you got lightweight, well, lightweight, middleweight, and then you got some time. I need you to get at least two saw meals in before you go on pre-dogging. So head down there at 8 o'clock. I'm like, okay, well, apparently there are like, wasn't any vantam weights, there's like two like, oh, or welters, okay? So eight o'clock rolls around. I'm eating 8, 11, 8, 12. My friend's wife, text, my buddy, he goes, hey, Chris is going to head away, right? And they go, she goes, my buddy goes, yeah, he goes, middle weights are just finishing up. Oh god. So I'm start going, elevator stacked. I'm depleted. I can't walk down stairs fast. My legs are going to fucking f***hole. So my side stepping down stairs all depleted. I'm putting my number on as I'm in my trunk, going down the stairs. And my buddy's like leading ahead of me. And then I'm like, kind of grab my, like, my oil, or whatever I had. And I run down there and the guy's like, all right, light, have you wait, my buddy's like, light, have you wait here? Light, have you wait here? And the lady goes, like, have you wait? You're done. You missed it. Go home. Forget it. You did pay attention. It's already done. What? I don't know. I'm one of those people that like, I accept the mistakes I made. So I was just like, this sucks. I'm going back to my room. And Jay's like, fight my buddy, my best friend to have Jay's in these like fighting for me. He's like, no, fuck that. Let him go, let him have you wait to the least. Let him go, let him have you wait. They go up. And some guy comes flying back stage. And goes, Chris, Donald, like, yeah, he goes, we need you. The, the, you guys are on stage right now. Yes, as I'm rolling up. Oh, they've already done the first comparisons. They've already got into routines. Now they're doing the call outs. So I missed the whole half of it. I had no way or no pump up and a tan that was too light. So I get out there and I'm like, you know, do my thing and they first call outs finishing second calls finishing third calls finishing and then the last group and then Steve goes 101, switch, put to me, right in the middle. Yeah. We go through the poses and he goes, number 101, stay on stage, please. And then he calls back out like 11 other guys, but including the top three. Yep. And then I can, they get compared. And then they put me in the center again. And then they file off. And I'm like, well, whatever, it's, you know, I'm, I listen, I wasn't unhappy. I was like, I made him steak. It was like, it's whatever, water into the bridge, moving on. It's my last show. At least, you know, I look great and that's it. So I get all these messages. Bro, why don't you have tan on? Bro, why don't you have oil on? Why don't you have a pump up? And then it's like, oh, it's my knee hurt. Oh, you know, yeah. But the David Bay texted Evan to get my number from Evan and David Bay sent to me. He's like, dude, he goes, you belong in the top three, arguably maybe even top two or winning. He goes, you need to come back and you need to fix your tan. You need to fill up a little bit more. You need to pump up, put oil on. And then my, I don't know, and then fuckery calls me as like dude Steve said, you never pump on. You had no this. What's the deal? I'm like, oh, she's Christ. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No, I greeted the tan. We went to liquid sunrares, Evan knew some liquid sunrares. Call of it sunrares and then like, dude, my buddy needs a tan. Can you help him out? He'll pay whatever. It's makes sure it's perfect. So I went to liquid sunrares. They told me to rinse off what I had. They sprayed me. I filled up a little bit more. I ended up having like steak and fries a little more fluid. But the downfall is I had also of cladus during flaps during the reaction on. And I just started to get a flare up after pre-dudging. So my stomach started to be a little distended and think a little stressed. You a little stressed that day. Maybe. Yeah. Yeah. Like, you notice, you know, as a bodybuilder in like, we tend to push that aside and our body kind of ends up looking paying the toll on that stress. Right. No. I would say just getting that message of like, yo, your class is on like in five minutes and still being upstairs in the hotel room. Like that alone would turn my insides into this whole thing has sounded like, everybody who's competed at some point or another has like a bad dream of like forgetting something. Yeah. For getting to shade that whole thing is like one of those dreams is what I'm hearing right now. Yeah. Well, I took it. Well, like I wasn't stressing. It was more like how do we get down stairs between point eight the as fast as I can is efficient as I like playing. I wasn't worried about like the emotion with it. I was emotionless. It's like don't tear a quad going on the stairs. Don't tear a quad. Okay, got down the stairs, make it through the crowd. Anybody messing up my tan. You know, like, so that was like one thing at a time until I got to where I needed to be. But anyway, filled that up, go to the night show. Now I look way different. And people backstage like, yo, dude, you look sick. Oh, you look awesome. You look full and they tell man, make top five. It feels like no shit. And the people back friends keep telling me to like, I've never seen Steve Weinberger in history ever pulled somebody of the last call out and pulled into the first top five, ever. And he goes, I don't know what that's about. He goes, you know him. He goes, oh, he must have been an impression. So that happened. I ended up getting fifth and I was going to quit and David Bayes, I got an interview for Post Show Wrap Up. I think we're going to talk about what happened and all that. And then in the interview, I was like, oh, this is my last show. I'm done. And he finished the interview and he gets off the interview and he's like, dude, you're not done. He's like, you know, who nationals in 12 weeks? I'm like, no, no, dude, I'm done. This is it. Like, I spent my money. I spent, oh, I don't have any gear left. I didn't plan for it. I'm a dietitian job. Like, I'm done. It's over. And he's like, I could highly to consider that and then sure enough, fuck, I raise a like Steve Weinberger says, you nationals. And then Evans been a really good close friend of mine and always a very wise person. So I told Evan my situation, I might do this is how I feel this is what happened. I don't have any gear. I don't have any money to buy gear. I start my new job in like two weeks. What do you honestly think I should do? And he's like, dude, you're lean. All you got to do is hold out. You probably need very little gear anyway. You're the whole way to have. And then just go do it. And if you don't make you don't make it. But if you do, you won't have any regrets, then you can quit. Okay, deal. So I ended up doing nationals. And this time, I was even more neurotic, right? Get there with a woofer, you know, knocked out exactly on its time it took to get from the venue to where I was staying to the place I stayed with the tanning was, made sure to look at sun rays. Everything this fell into place perfectly. And then at ultimately given my pro card. But again, as well as the one walls, perfect sweet moments where you don't think you're going to win one. And I'll just cap it at this. It's kind of like that second show I did where I had no clue. I was in the top five, let alone the top two. I said, the hot worked. And nationals, I had a better idea. But the way they called it was, they I was in the first call immediately. And then they put me in this dude in the center. They made us do like three poses. And they go, you two step off, but don't go anywhere. So they already knew that we're top two, right away. But don't go anywhere. So we go backstage and this dude starts cramping. And I'm like, dude, this dude's fucking cramping. And I'm like, I'm going to crush this dude. Like, I can pose a tanning for like an hour and a half after that. You know what I mean? We go back out, nail the pose perfectly. But he was thicker, bigger, more dense. I was taller, more streamlined, on and better posing, better presentation. So we file off. And obviously the worst thing you can ever do is look at the comments on Musco development. Oh, dude. So I don't know why Chris is, Chris, you get third. Oh, be like, no, Chris should win. Well, it's an X frame, it's apples and oranges. I'm trying to shut off. Yeah. Turn that off. Put that away. Focus. You know, fuckers, like, dude, let's fill you up more. Let's get you better. And then we'll come back. We come back. We do it. Judging was over at that point. Because fuck retool me, they it was close. It was very close. So he goes, there's a chance they might re-judge it again. What they didn't. But I came back better. I rinse all my tan off. Got a brand new tan and I got the tan applied like 30 minutes before stage time. So it like, it looked good. We go back and then we're going through the routines and then they go through 5, 4, 3, 2 and they get to the top two. You know, sometimes they say the winner is or then sometimes they say second place is. Yeah. They will run her up is or they will say in the winner is, we have they say they worded it in a way where I thought I got second. And for what's clapping, I was clapping and I go to shake the guys hand and he looks at me because I don't know where you want. And I was like, that's what I walked out and I was a cool shit because sometimes they call it second place. First place guy remains or sometimes they call it first place, right? Yeah. And that was like the better sweet moment of all time. But that's the that's the Nashville saga. And even then I was going to quit. And then when then like a month later, you know, Evan contacted me and he's like, dude, universal asked me about you. They're interested in giving you sponsorship. Is that something that you need to be interested in? I don't know. Evan might about to like be done bodybuilding, just move on to something else. He's like, I don't know, Broly, you don't have to compete if you want to be sponsored by universal. You just kind of like look the part and kind of why don't you just have the conversation with them to see what they want. So I had a conversation with them that was like, dude, we're really interested in your well spoken, your luck. You'd like to talk about supplements and, you know, education with nutrition. Is that something that you could do? And like, I could do that. And then okay, then I'll continue to buy to go for a little bit longer. And that's kind of how it ended up, you know, all of it's been. Everything's been as well as you know, some of those people getting to buy building. You guys are all coaches, you know, this where people are like, coach, how long before I could turn pro coach, when can I get a sponsor here? Yeah. I never want to be pro. I never want to be sponsored. I never intended to have a coaching business. It just happened organically over time. It was just like, you want a local show with tripro qualifier. Oh, you place pro qualifier? Let's try another pro. Oh, I'm gonna pro card. Great. Great. Moving on. Oh, I guess sponsor. Okay. That's great. And people like, hey, can you help me prep? I'm like, dude, I don't know what I'm doing. But he's a pops. He made me hunt a box and I'm going to help you. And that's how it started. And then I help them. And then he does better. And then his friends like, what did you do? And he goes, oh, this guy at my gym helped me. And he's like, what do you think he could put in a word for me? And then over years and years, it just built. And then it turned into what it is now. Like everything happened organically. So it's hard. Same. You would like, what happens organically? It's real. And it's not all anywhere. And people tend to try to force it. And you force it. You create pressure. Great pressure. You just reduce your quality of life in this whole shit. You know what do you think the percentages? This is for all you guys. What do you think the percentages of the giant sea of turds that is online trainers? Those trainers came to training organically. The people sought them out versus the trainer, you know, marketing and going, I say it's a really, really small percentage. Especially now. Yeah. Like five, 10 years ago, I'd say it'd be like 20%. Yeah. Now it's like, I'd say now it's more like 10%. That grew the business organically, walked the walk themselves. Like we got a guy's today that are coaching these massive teams that have done either one show or zero shows. And that just blows my mind because for me, experience is everything. Like how are you going to tell someone to do two hours of cardio on next to no food if you don't know what that feels like? What do you think people to come to you like? You had to go after them. But how did you convince them? How did you get them on the page to understand? I can get you to where you want to go. It's just an odd. It's something that I struggled to comprehend. It's actually easy to comprehend considering how many people got duped by liver can. That's a good point. That's a very important point. People actually like to be they want to believe lies because it sounds easy. There you go. Lying. I'm all for it. And you guys all know the stories of some top coaches being like, hey, I'll do free coaching. I'll give you free growth for my feed drugs that you print me because the honest, the how to fake a coach 101 and not saying all top coaches to this. But like or somehow is that one or two good genetically gifted people. And well with them and you hold them projected look what I did. But do you know, could I go choose two weeks out and you want to show? You don't even do much. Do you know what I mean? Like I work here with Baja. His first show. I know he took nothing. And I know the adherence to his diet. Nothing. Like very poor. And he's still one. But like you know and then obviously now he's got a shit together and some and look how fast he is approving. But there are people like that and a lot of coaches do that. I've had coaches try to coach try to coach some of my clients. And they're like, do you don't give me free growth hormone? I've had that one. You know, switching for entire year and I'll make sure that you're introduced to certain people. So you could potentially give the sponsorship deal happens all the time. And that's too grimy for me. And I tell them I go flat out, bro, if you want to do that, you can do that. Like I got no ill feelings. If you want to try to do to skip the process and you want to buy into some bullshit, go for it. Man, like that's not me. I'm out of part of that world. I want nothing to do with that fake world. And again, or Genic. Yeah. And back to you guys saying about like people inquiring like to get clients, get a ton of nutrition consults from coaches that want to talk to me about how to sound as coaching business, insides of billing, etc. And they get it off from from what I have to say about like mistakes I made. But they would say first question is Chris, how do you get clients? Dude, I don't know. It's just happened. I'm like, I don't want things. Don't want your Instagram. You're like five spots left. Yeah. That's the quickest way to show that you have desperation and you clearly have weight within five spots. Yeah. You know, like I've never had your time life ever. That's so weird. Oh, when you also say this, Chris, you didn't quit your day job until you were making a ton on the side from your coaching business at the top of that. And your sponsorship and like bodybuilding was over here, but you still had your day job that was paying the bills. And once it came to that point where a weight of minute, this chunk over here is getting bigger than my day job. Yeah. Now it's time to really focus on this. Yeah, which was honestly, I'm sure all of us have been there. It's a little hard to walk away from. It's like job security health insurance. Kids. I put on my phone. Yeah. You might come home from work. I'm home from work. It's done. Yeah. Right. So 2014, I decided like I was making one and a whole of times the amount of money I'd make as a dietitian working full times. I was working like 15 hours a week, 20 hours a week as a coach. Yeah. Oh, Lexi was like, you probably could just, you know, you can't do this yourself. I don't know. I'll scare. Absolutely. And then ultimately, I'm like, maybe what I'll do is I'll just step down to Purdue and just be like, work shifts that way. I'm still in the door. Yeah. When if something happened because, you know, there are seven dietitians. They all have sick days. They all take vacations. They need fillings. I can still be able to do that for a little bit. And then I realized coaching business kept accelerating, accelerating, accelerating to the point where I was like, oh my god, I'm working every second of my life. And I don't think I can quit. And then when I quit, you know, when you first quit, you're like super hungry. You're like, I can't fuck around. You know, I'm like, I always have to fix it. Morning coffee. Emails go. You know, live on that computer. And that's the hard part too is the balance. My wife came to me in 2012. She goes like, oh, all you do, like, we have a family. We have a lot of fun. And we don't have any time. All you're doing is living on the computer and then going to the gym to train. And it's, I don't want to say it becomes addicted or dick. And I'm sure that they can be for a lot of people because the more you work, sometimes the more you're making, especially when you're in demand. But what happens is if you don't have, you have to find that balance. But the reason I say, I don't think it's an always an addiction to the money part of it. It's that that fear of maybe it'll stop at a month. Maybe it'll stop in six months. Once you build that ability to be able to go, okay, I can rely on this now. It's consistent. It's not this huge peak in valley. It's it's pretty stable throughout the year because if you're only doing competition, I know when I got into it early, I'd have huge months or a huge season. And then it would taper off after the summer. Then it would jump up a little bit. Then when it got closer to the end of the year, it'd start to jump real high. But I had these real big peaks and valleys. It takes a long time to get comfortable with, okay, this is going to work. I go low for two or three months and I may not take on 10 clients. I'm like, oh my god, I'm going to go get a regular job to solve. Just pan it. You throw pids into it. And things like that. And you start to get old and you go, I don't know. I feel like I'm a bouncer at trying to make a career like roadhouse out of being a bouncer at a bar. It doesn't, it's difficult to to kind of grasp. It takes a long time to get comfortable. Once you do, then you kind of see, okay, now I can sit back a little bit. I can find that balance so that I can have a life outside of the business. But there's always that pull. There's always that constant, you know, I need to shift a little bit. Great thing to touch on, go to Andrea. We can say, I was kind of going to echo where I was just kind of say there's so many times when me and we'd be at shows together, Chris. And we both took over and like you'd be on your computer while we're watching our athletes on stage. And I'd be on my computer. We'd have guys in the same place or guys are out there now with the computer down for like five seconds. Yeah, okay. We're on the top. I were good. You know, and then we'd get right back to doing our emails just because it was a 24, seven type thing during one stretch. In terms of insurance was the big one for me. That was the scary thing because I was like, and when I quit my day job that I would. And I think the way we at least the way I was raised was you get a good job. Then you have good health care and that's going to be just as important as the money you're making, you know, the blah, blah, blah, and then you realize, well wait, you can afford to do this yourself. And when you're not working an hourly job like just your ability, like you said skip the longer you sit at your desk the more you can make. So that was the scariest thing. I could relate to you, Chris, saying that those fears, man, that was the big one for me that was like, what about paying for my own health care? Now paying for my way self care. And it's like, yeah, you just do it, right? Yeah. I will say though, like, we're all been through this. The balance thing took a very long time. And honestly, even now, like, do I have balance? I don't know. Right? Because we came from a time where we're probably working 70 hours a week and I'd be working 50 hours a week, but do I technically have balance? I'm definitely not able to work like, like, maybe we won't work like people, oh, on the weekend, I'm going to sleep in on Saturday and then I think I'm going to go for a hike and then maybe go for the movies and dinner and then Sunday, Sunday, night, drink and then Sunday, sleep all day long. I'm like, I'm like, don't that sense? It's like 19 years old. Like, everything's tied for, we have your own business, just like that. But I was like that for a long time, but I kept looking at the books in my account. My accountants, I do you're making significantly increases every year. And this is four years in a row now. And I go, he goes, dude, you can chill out. And I understand what you're saying because I was working so much. And I'm like, you're right. And he goes, if you continue to do what you're doing and you provide the same service, you don't change anything. This trajectory is not going to stop. Right? So he goes, at this point, just put a cap as in, like, you look at your monthly income and your stable and you have X-Menoclions. Great. Keep it. But if five fall off, maybe pick up two or three more. But like, how you do it, it goes, you don't need to keep trying to climb and climb and climb and then work 13, 14 hour days. You don't need to do that. It goes, this, your reputation is not going anywhere. So I'll, I kept saying that to myself to break that paranoia of having to go back to the hospital is if I continue to do what I've always done, I'm going to get with always got. I'm not going to change it. I'm not going to change my, like, response time, I'm not going to change my clientele, etc. And that ended up working. But the, the money aspect is interesting too. And we all have to touch on that as, you know, you start making really good money. But the bottom line, without telling my wife actually two years ago, and I go, you know, remember when we were said to ourselves, oh, be so great if we make this amount of money each year, it's going to be amazing. And then we're there. I don't feel any different. Yeah. I'm not, I'm not happy to be here. I'm actually, I'm actually more unhappy. Yeah, we do. We don't have time. I want time to do things. I'm starting to long for like, yeah, my wife wants to go do something on the weekend, go mountain biking, they're like, dude, I'm going to do that too. You know what I mean? Like, I think that's an age thing, no, too. And I'd ask you guys if you feel the same way. As I started to get into my 40s and the kid started to get into their teenage years and think, I started to see an understand that very cliche time as money statement, because you really, I started, even I ordered groceries because I'm lazy. I can look down and I can see the store down there. But I look at it as I have the money and I would rather pay the money than to take the time and the stress of elbow to elbow with people to get my groceries. So I focus so much more as I get older on the time component. Even if I'm sitting dead on my ass watching a movie with, you know, with with my wife, that's still time that I consider valuable that if I can pay someone else to work on my car or do those things that I don't want to fuck with. I find the time is so much more valuable versus when I was younger because on the younger I thought I had plenty of it. Do you guys, you just want to know that as you get older? I would assume. Absolutely. Do you taught me how to not be so cheap when do you stay to the main, he was like, dude, you, you can grow shopping and then go, yeah. And he goes, dude. And he calculates like, it goes, where's your grocery store? And then I go, it's about 20 minutes away. He was how many times you go store a week? I go twice. He was okay. So that's 40, it's 160 minutes, you're spending driving, how long are you're shopping for? And I calculate the time, he goes, this is how much you're spending per month per year. He goes, you're going to spend an extra what, 20, 30 bucks having somebody deliver for you. You save all that time to do other things. Exactly. And then that bad point. I outsource everything. Oh my god, guys, you've won a lot, great, look, move along. You're going to put those pallets in there. You, I'll pay you to put pallets in there. You know, that way I had more time to do other stuff. I'd do it with a couple friends who think I'm pretty anxious or I don't give a shit. I don't like it's just time. I just don't care. I'm with you 100% I want more time, especially now, like with with the business. I will say what thing I got, I got banned from Instagram for impersonating myself apparently. And look, like I was permanently kicked off. So I got paranoid. This was two years ago now. Like, just got to Texas three years ago. And I was trying to everything that kid at back, talked a lot of my daughter, IT friends, he's like, dude, it looks like you really got banned. Like, like, you might not get your account back. And I'm like, oh my god, like, I want to lose business. I didn't lose a send of business. My rent. Three months. And my income didn't change. Inquiries didn't change. It did nothing change. So it goes to show how much Instagram is actually helping me. It wasn't. That's wild. And it was reassuring, too, to know that, you know? Yeah. And then I was like, I was parent first. And then I was like, it's not changing. And then I'm like, I felt the calm over me. I don't have to look just together. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's like, what's amazing? I can like go outside and not bring my phone. And then just go, do whatever. We had a bunch of listener questions. We won't have time for them. I don't even think we needed them anyway. This is this is such an awesome conversation. But before we went, we did want to talk to you a little bit about like life after bodybuilding. And I feel like we're already kind of talking about that now. Finding more time to do things that you enjoy. But I'd be curious to hear just your question of my own is how did you deal with the idea of stepping away from looking like a bodybuilder being the biggest guy in the room? Because I think that as a coach, part of what we do is the look we carry is our advertisement. You know what I mean? Being that guy, I think as part of the advertisement as being a coach, was that a struggle for you to step away from to an extent sizing down? I mean, you're not a small guy now by any means. But stepping away from that and moving into the next phases of life. How have you dealt with that? Yeah. I'll break that down and come to a short sequence. The idea of retiring was much more desirable than actuality of. When you first like, oh, I'm going to be done. Sweet, no more drugs. I'd have to eat all this food. This is amazing. And then, you know, a reality starts to set in. People would be like, oh, dude, you okay? You lost a lot of weight. Is that becomes your identity, right? Yeah, yeah. I never had a problem being smaller. I never bought a bill for anybody but myself. Like, and you know, all of us actually started bodybuilding before social media. So we were doing it really for us. We weren't doing it for Instagram. So it's probably easier for us to transition than say current day and age people. But I've always been very hyper-focused on one thing. I race motorcross and I was obsessed. Then when from motorcross, right to bodybuilding, leaving bodybuilding, I really didn't have an obsession to jump onto, which at time was a little concerning for myself. So I just kind of said to myself, I got to try new things to try to find something fun to do. I'd box him right away. And I liked boxing. It just didn't capture that same passion. It was fun. But it just didn't drive me the same way. And honestly, like, it was difficult, but it wasn't. It was more difficult in the sense for me because I had nothing to strive for. All of us sort of competitors. Yeah. I understand competitive mindset. I don't have children. So like, I'm like, man, like, when my whole life shooting to be better or the best, I could be at something. Now knowing I'm 37 years old at the age where I can't, I'm past my physical performance peak. Like, I'm not going to ever exceed it. I'm not going to pick up something else and be like, I'm going to reach my potential. No, I can't. I'm old, right? So knowing that age, knowing that like my body's not going to be able to do the same things that could have recovered if I tried to do any other sport was very difficult to accept. I still felt and then did the boxing downsized. There was a little weird. It didn't bother me so much in regards to like, I guess, downsizing for the sense of like a billboard. It was more or less people's comments. It's like, dude, I'm not bodybuilding anymore. I'm not still making huge. You know, these people gym looked at me like there's something wrong. Yeah. I just don't want to be diggin anymore. You have to explain it to 101 people. You know? So from boxing, it was up and down and then try to wait train a little bit because you still want to look good. You want to be like just a dad bod floating around boxing when you used to be. So then I was started to lift a little bit, lift three days a week and box and mountain bike, try to do a little bit everything. Still struggling to find that like, same happiness and passion that I had those two because me personally, I need that. I've always had that my entire life. So I ended up getting real crazy shape for my 40th birthday just to say that I did it, they're the posing module and that was fun getting in shape. But I started to realize that like maybe I should compete one more time. But my body, I got too many restrictions with training to be able to optimally train properly to be the best I can be and to go back on stage with all these ailments all the time with elbows and knees, I'm like, what am I doing? I'm not going to do it. So I decided not to be, I was actually going to compete this fall and I decided not to based on how I felt heading out of my cut for my 40th birthday. So this is really a story and they'll come and there will do some questions. One of my neighbors, I'd street bikes, she came with a street bike one day and she said, Chris, you've you've stunned, I used to do stunt on street bikes and I was young young. So you should get a bike and I'm like, now I'm not doing that too old for that. I'm going to fall in a die. I can't do it. Can't be hunting my probably leaves and it's more in the highway. That was not, you know, I can't do that. And she's like, oh you never know. So we were after that, she comes over the dirt bike, she bought a little play by Kalex 140 and I'm like, let me see that thing. I get on my bike and I start ripping on the neighborhood and my, I know this is fun. I go, I haven't been at a bike in over 21 years. I go, this is amazing. Maybe I'll get a small bike just to toy around with. I could ride with you. What, what, out like a week later, bought that same bike, got some gear and heard I ripped around the neighborhood and the woods going at night. I had night vision on ripping through the woods. You're kidding me. Yeah, this is a blast. I'm like, this is so much fun. But my competitive mentality or just me racing with a grass professional, I'm not a play bike. And I'm like, this bike's not doing it for me. We ended up going to like, it's like, tracked through the woods in my house and I'm like, riding it around and like, start putting in modifications to this bike. Right. Still not. And then I'm like, you know what, I go to call, I think I'm going to buy a big bike. And she's like, you totally should. I brought her on my wife's school supported, whatever makes me happy. So I brought her down to the KTM dealer. And like now that you're a kid with adult money, I was like, I'm going to buy myself not just expensive dirt bike of all time. Yeah. And I'm buying a brand new KTM 350 XCA factory edition. And I had at the time, I had no business buying a bike like that, that powerful. And so especially having a ridden for so long. But I get it, get the gear, and now I'm 40 hours riding back. And I'm like, going to motorcross tracks twice a week. Now I'm cutting weight down. I'm doing old motorcross drills, riding with her constantly, buying all this new gear about it by a second dirt bike in a week and a month. And like now I'm like, I feel like fulfilled again. I go, maybe so much damn fun. Like that. It's nice to meet you guys. You know the aspects of your life were you're doing a hobby and you're thinking about nothing but that hobby when you're doing it for hours. Yeah. And all this is a huge block of time that goes by and all this anywhere. It's like, get in here. You're going to do this. Oh shit. I have no idea what time I'm going to start up. Yeah. And then you go, how much that twice per week? It's like, I ride all this entire day. And all of a sudden reality hits me. And I check my phone and like, 71 messages and I shit. I got to go back to work. Actuality. Yeah. Yeah. And then back reality. So now I'm riding. I took a real bad spill this last. It's fun day. And I'm muscle relaxers and stuff now. But I'm keeping my self grounded. I just I see older guys at the track. And I always talk to them. I go, do how do your body feel? They're like, my body feels fine. But I got to keep myself grounded. I'm not 20 years old anymore. I'm like, I got to get that mentality a little more than that. Yeah. But ultimately, my dad is actually the one that helped pull the trigger on this fully. I said to him, I go, dad, how bad of an idea is if it's for me, start riding dirt bikes again. And he had the best answer ever. He's a doctor. It's not like my dad condones dangerous sports. But he says to me, you love dirt bikes more than anybody ever known. You've raised the majority of your life. He goes, you're 40 years old. There might be a time in your life where you're not going to be physically able to ride a motorcycle. That's not going to happen. We go out and you need to buy a dirt bike as soon as you can and have as much fun as much as you can while you can because everything that you have now, I know you're worried about getting hurt. He goes, but you might get in the car in a month now. When you're 50 years old, you might have full new replacement, not build a ride a dirt bike at all. So he goes, go riding. And I'm like, well, shit, dad, never heard support like that for me before. No rigor. That's amazing. Yeah, that's that's the progression. So now I haven't been boxing. I still wait trained three days a week. I got to keep a little bit of that body building training in there. But I do a ton of like athletic stuff, you know. That's good. Well, I said, let's wrap this thing up here. I don't think we could get any better than this. We appreciate your time, man. And I know you've got your own podcast. If people want to check that out, how do they how do they find that? It's IFB AMA. You can find the Instagram page and follow the links through there. It's a it's me and me, Lose. We have everybody on there. We talk about everything. But it's a good podcast. We don't censor anything. So we're kind of on lighting stream off the website. So we don't have to use YouTube. Yes. I have BB AMA. Like that. That's yeah. That's it. It's hard with like asking me anything and then we just didn't chew an age and we're like, then the AMA is an upturn into like interviews. It's an interview. It's an interview. It's a good one. Yeah. Yeah. And guys, of course, go to bodybrake.com. You reach out to Andrew there. You can go to teamskip.com, reach out to skip over there. McNally diets at gmail.com, reach out to myself there. And Chris, what's the best way to reach out to you for coaching? Well, for coaching, go best. It's go through my website. DMs. As you guys, we all get to me DMs a day. I can't keep track of them. It's best to go to website.tulantrition.com. If you're interested in the product that I developed, it's behind me drink more dot com. It's basically a water enhancer with a mineral component. Just like what I think it tastes better and it's got a little bit of minerals in it. So it helps hydration. But not to the point where you're going to overconsumate and become fat and you're to water buffalo. You know? Nice. Nice. Guys, we appreciate everybody tuning in. And once again, check out Trinutrition.com. Use our code, think over there. SupplementSource.ca for Canadians. And of course, thank you to all of our Patreon people. We'll be doing a Q&A next episode. And we'll be tackling all your questions, guys. For another episode of Blood Sweat and Gear, we will see you soon. Thanks Black Chris. Awesome. Thank you.