Well, there's two things you can do to speed up. Take your foot off the brake or put your foot on the accelerator. So you'll him being, take your foot off the brake. It blocks the alpha receptors, particularly the alpha tubes. Clean butter all activates the beta receptors, particularly the beta tubes. What's up guys? Welcome back to Muscle Minds with Scott Stevenson. I'm Scott McNeilly. All of our programming is brought to you by TrueNutrition.com. You could use our code, thank for some additional savings. Like I mentioned last time, you get some awesome college in there. I just finished mine. I put it right in my coffee cup. We're also brought to you by Scott's book. Be your own bodybuilding coach. I picked this up over at Amazon. This is the hardcover edition. You can also order the e-file book, the ebook over at b-y-o-b-cote.com. For those of you in Canada, check out our sponsor supplementsource.ca. They have great blowout deals on close-out products, stuff like that. Check them out. Today, we got something for you. Oh, I should also mention our Patreon people. We do have a question from Patreon today. But today, we're going to talk about a little bit of science regarding fat burners in bodybuilding. We always know that we have climbbuter rail. I think a mainstay in our sport for fat loss. We know that yo-him-bine tends to work in great synergy with it. They work in different ways. What I understand is a beta 2 and beta 3 agonist. I want to know more of what that means. How is it that these things burn fat in different ways? How is it that they work together to get a better effect? It's really, I was digging into this last night. I think I should probably write an article or something about this. There are some new interesting things that are coming out. Finally, this is an issue with research, just in general. I sort of preempt all this to say. When you look at the literature, you have to be careful because a lot of stuff was done in the area of adrenal sectors or adrenal receptors, which you mentioned, alpha, adrenal receptors, the beta-reconceptors with rodents. Rodents are different than humans. A man is not a rat. I think I did write an article for John Meadowsite at one point where that was the title. There are different populations in the different cells. Here's the big picture. When we are excited to rise when our sympathetic nervous system's up and running, that is telling your body to mobilize fuel. So you go out and look at this new facet cardio. Your sympathetic nervous system that turns on that light policies. So then you oxidize the fatty acids that go into your bloodstream, burn fat, from your white adipose tissue, from your fat stores, which is almost all of it and most of it in most people. Not everybody that's where it's kind of gets interesting. When your body is, when you're in a caloric deficit, the main aspect of your nervous system, your autonomic nervous system, that is mediating this fat loss, is the sympathetic nervous system. So you activate the sympathetic nervous system, you activate light policies. So that is where it gets complicated and fun because you've got two basic catacolymes that are involved here. Catacolymes are dopamine, nor adrenaline or no epinephrine and adrenaline or epinephrine. So those are synonymous. Dopings may lead in your brain and adrenaline comes from your adrenal glands. And nor adrenaline or no epinephrine comes from the sympathetic nerves that go to the fat cells or to your heart or to your eye or to your skin. And they release nor epinephrine. So when you're exercising, you get both adrenaline and nor adrenaline. Both of them are elevated. You've got it coming from the nerves. You got it in bloodstream. So it's basically the adrenaline's the hormone. And here's where it gets kind of crazy. So you know like you try to exercise in the heat, you try to do a monster into workout. It's not going to go well. Because your body does a lot of adjust food. That's mediated by your sympathetic nervous system. It's shutting down the person pathetic is not active. So you're not able to digest things very well. And it's basically staying up here and everyone priority is so we can have fuel around. We want to, one of those things is going to be glycogen of course. So epinephrine stimulates glycogen use in muscle and in skeletal. Sorry in the liver. So that's like if you're spinning or doing lifting weights, that happens. But also it turns on lipoluses. So this is where the body building hack comes in is that we want to use drugs. Now we're doing good stuff. Drugs that mimic these sympathetic nervous system actions. And they're called some patho mimetics is kind of like the fancy words for them. So the way you're thinking like, this is like body, the body is pretty complex. Because you've got a lot of shit going on like you want more blood flow to skin, but you don't want to let a blood flow to your gut because it's all the blood there than it can't go to your skin. You want more blood flow to your muscle. The way and but you only have neurodrenently, a really just one sympathetic neurotransmitter. And then the adrenaline that's mediating all of this stuff. And the way that it is manipulated and controlled more specifically are by the populations of these receptors. So the signal is nor adrenaline, let's say, nor happen effort. I use those synonymous the same thing. But what it does to a fat cell versus a heart cell versus a muscle cell versus a skin cell, versus a cell with a smooth muscle, your gastrointestinal, all the pens on what of those adrenal receptors you have on those cells. So like for some people it's kind of like we got one type of music and it's hard rock. And whether someone likes hard rock is going to be a matter of how they what receptors they have for hard rock. So one person might like hard rock, they ready to rock and roll. Other person is hard rock, makes them want to go extreme and dance and be happy. Someone else might be like, I'm fucking irritated held by this hard rock. I hate this music, they should just scream you at us. The different cells respond to that same signal because of the different receptor populations. So if we look at the fat cells and narrowing things down, this is where it's complicated and cool. This is where I look was digging in last night a little bit. There's actually a lot more going on here and a lot more that's unknown. I used to be used to think I'll kind of treat this all this out. From a practical standpoint we have, but you've got two kinds of adrenal receptors. Alpha is in bed as it makes sense to start with the beginning of the Greek alphabet, Alpha is in bed, alpha is in bed again, it's not a big deal. So Alpha is in bed as there are some subtypes in there. There's Alpha ones and there's Alpha 2's and there's beta 1's, beta 2's and there's beta 3's. Actually in Alpha 1's there's Alpha 1, A and Alpha 1, B. Oh god, there's Alpha 2, A, B, C and D now I've seen. So this is what's sort of interesting. When you're exploring shit, imagine someone's going out, they're exploring the woods for their first time. Who? What's that tree I've never seen that before? I'm going to call that the scots, scots, Santa-Mum tree. They name it that. No actually, that's just a crescent-Mum that's a genetic variant of the makes it a little bit colored a little bit differently. So it's really the same thing. People name things based on historical bases. Sometimes they fuck up. And not today one's fucked up here necessarily, but this is where it gets kind of interesting and very cool I think. In that you've got all these subtypes that have come about and we just named on this way. But among that you've also got genetic variations. So people will have different genes for what you might call the beta or the Alpha 2 A versus Alpha 2 B. And that's important because one of the things you see studied the most is obesity. So people who or obese, there's various, there's all the things that are happening in their environment. You know the food that they eat obviously plays a role. But there's also stuff that's related to their set point. And some of that's a function of what genes they have for these receptors. So going back to the office will break it out and make it simple. Basically in the simple looking at the out when you activate the analpha receptor, Alpha 1 or Alpha 2 especially the Alpha 2's, that inhibits lipoluses. Really? So that's like a break on lipoluses. So you think sympathetic nervous system is lipoluses, though that's not actually the case. But so these cells, fat cells, the population, those adrenal sectors can be varied. So they'll have a different response to neuropinephrine. If you activate the beta receptors in general, this means lipoluses. And it can also mean untapling to in a different kind of fat cell. I'll cover that in a second. So for instance one thing that's been known for a long time now is that variations in those beta receptors. Those are the ones when the sympathetic nervous system is on. And neuropinephrine does its job. And it's released from those sympathetic nerves that go to the fat cells. And then the neuropinephrine binds to those beta receptors. And then the binding would tell the fat cells. Okay, time to break down the fat lipoluses. Let's read this fat up so we can oxidize it and burn it and use fat as a fuel. If you're someone who doesn't have the best gene for that, your beta receptor doesn't work too well. You call it even defective. So you have poor sensitivity. So that's the thing that is people are just trying to sort of figuring out. Is that you've got alpha ones and all these all the very subtypes of the subtypes. And then you've got genetic variants. So this goes back. This old theme is that you read like, okay, the alpha, this is what this drug does. This is what this drug does. It binds to this receptor, binds to that receptor. It's black and white, right? Nope, it shades a gray. Yeah, it's like all the time. So some people, for instance, will get, that was like a more practical example. And I imagine this had something to do with these adrener receptors. You've probably had clients who have used something that you can buy in Canada at one of our showspots, which I believe, a fedron. Right. And then some people use clendideral and some people use both. Some people get along really well with clendideral. Some people don't so much. Some people don't feel horrible on it. Yeah, I think clients that can't even tolerate 10 micrograms. Like we will start lower, you know, and then if they can't handle that, we go even lower. And it's like 10 micrograms. Some people are very rare. But yeah, there's some people that just can't handle it at all. Yeah, right. So there's variations there. And some of that, I mean, some of that's psychological. It may be the interaction. If they get the LDAT heart rate, heart rate, that change your perception. Like we were going on here. Yeah. That's a function of their beta, in part, at least their beta receptor, and alpha receptor, their drenoseptropopulations on their cells. So when it comes down to it, we can talk it with, we're going to talk it with the drugs do and how they can synergize. But for some people, it's not like, well, you know, Scott said that this is a beta to egg and this, and that's really good for a fat, for lipoluses. So I should use that. It's like, no, you shouldn't. If you feel like shit, and you're so stressed that maybe your cortisol levels are sky high, because you just don't tolerate it, very well. Yeah. So here's the easiest way to look at these, your hand-been and commuter all, which do synergize really well for many, many people, is. So if you activate the alphas, that puts the break on that loss. If you activate the beta receptors, that puts the accelerator on lipoluses, fat loss. We're assuming you're in a cloric deficit, so you're actually going to lose fat. You can just turn on lipoluses, and if you don't oxidize the fat, it doesn't matter. You have to have the cloric deficit to make the whole thing happen. So you're driving along, and basically, if you've gotten more up and effort in activating both of those receptors, you've got a little bit pressure on the break, and you've got a little pressure on the accelerator. So your lipoluses is occurring in some speed. Well, there's two things you can do to speed up. Take your foot off the break, or put your foot on the accelerator. So your him-been takes your foot off the break. It blocks the alphas, or receptors, particularly the alphas, too. Clean butter all activates the beta receptors, and particularly the beta, too. And that's how those work together. So you've got a nice compliment. It's like if you take, let's say you took two beta two active, isopraterin all, which is a really powerful one, and clean butter all, two beta two, dream receptor agonist. Let's like then you're just just like, it's the same thing. You're kind of doubling up. But why, like, if you got your foot on the break, to some degree, why not take your foot off the break, so then when you're pushing on the accelerator, you can go faster than what you don't have the break resistance. So you remove the resistance to lipoluses by blocking the alphas choose, and you activate lipoluses by turning on the beta two's in this case. So other ingredients to do this for instance, without wolf skiing? You know that one? Not that. So that's an alphas two adrenergic antagonist, just like you him-been. That's something I had clients, some of them do well with your him-been, and Raul-Welskine, not a chance, but sometimes it's the other way around. Yeah, I remember you, that's, I first learned about that from you, also known as like alpha-yo-him-been, right? Yes. So yeah, I first learned about that from you, and I remember Dave Smith was talking about it, I believe, that he had a difficult time processing regular yo-him-been, but I found the same. If I take regular yo-him-been, I have really bad reactions, like I get the very very strong side effects, very like cold and flu feeling, like clammy, fever, cold, and it chills, and it lasts, like, I'll take a small dose of that stuff, and it will last for hours and hours through the day, I don't get that same thing with alpha-yo-him-been. So there is, this is something I'm doing to talk on, actually next week for anyone German speakers who are who want to tune in, check my Instagram, you can see I'm doing a, I'm doing a why you don't look at a pro, but I'm doing it in German. Oh, D, that's me cool. So one of the slides in there that is pretty sweet is that there are people that have a lack of 11 hydroxyhydrolase, which is the enzyme that breaks down your him-been. And in those individuals, you look at what happens to their blood levels of you him-been, and you take it, normally it's back and down, it's like half life of something like, you've ever seen four, six, eight hours somewhere around there, you know, you can take it, you take your last dose, maybe two or three, and you're probably having no problem sleeping, it's like an average person. If you're one of these outliers, your blood levels are elevated for like two days. It was your lacking in it, and actually the end product of that enzyme also is an alpha-2 adenerated antagonist. So that is the same action. So you're not out of the woods yet. Once you've actually broken down the you him-been, but you've broken it down to also has the same effect. So if you're lacking in that enzyme, you're kind of screwed for a you him-been, it's not going to work. It's not going to happen. The same thing is true. There's one particular study on blanking on the name of it. Oh, it's the stuff called T-Cree. Sorry. Oh yeah, yeah, I had a pet in front of me. So the cream doesn't really have a terribly strong lipolytic effect, but it makes you feel pretty good. This is what's interesting. You look at these compounds, look at their molecular structures, you see what they're binding to. You know what they're kind of doing. And T-Cree doesn't turn on lipolids, but you feel really good. You're energized. And that's important when you're dieting so that your meat stays up. So you keep moving around. I took T-Cree and so I was writing this is a way back when I was writing the supplement descriptions for granite supplements, for John's company, John Meadows Company. And I got some 100 milligrams of T-Cree and took one at one o'clock, and I was before I was going to train, like figure this, be fine. And I was up. I think I've told this story. I was up until like six in the morning. I remember you telling me that was awful. We're a lot of people do. I'm so grateful. You felt good that little time? I felt good the whole time. I'm like, but I'm like a four clock up. Like this is going to suck because I got to do some stuff tomorrow. I'm going to be really tired. Yeah. I found in one study, looking to pharmacode dynamics that there was an individual subject number eight in this particular study who had prolonged elevation of, so he was lacking in the enzyme. Probably P450 enzyme, he was lacking in some aspect of the metabolism. Yeah. So it didn't work for him. And you got these tests tested too. You know, like they have testing now. And some of this I believe was covered by your doctor. Like you can get this. I've tried in the lab that my doctor used was kind of screwy and the first sample didn't go through. The second sample we've never heard anything back from. But I know that you can get testing to find out like how well you process these different things. Oh, you mean like genetic testing? Yeah. He's at least 40. Yeah. Exactly. Yeah. And that's like the interesting thing is sometimes we don't even know exactly which P450 enzyme is. Oh, this is like it was it was understood that the same P450 enzyme that's involved with T a cream is also involved with caffeine. Okay. But this individual with the T cream issue did not have a caffeine issue in this particular. And I'll have a caffeine issue. I did. Drank some coffee or like a caffeine I'm tabloids that normally as far as I can tell. It acts the way it's supposed to. So you've got different options. You're him being and we're all skin. So if someone's like they have issue with that alpha hydroxy hydrolyce enzyme, with who comes to a him being, where I will skin or alpha you can be, might be an option for them because you're going to able use that to block the alpha to adrenal sectors. Okay. Can can you restate then in just the simplest fashion possible? Because I feel like we're going in deep here and and I felt like I was getting an understanding of it. But now I'm feeling like I'm just buried in in the science. Just to restate my initial question, what is different about a clan from your himbine and why do they work so well together? If you were to restate it now in like the simplest way possible. You'll him being takes the break off of lipoluses and clean-buter all pushes on the accelerator of lipoluses. So they complement themselves. If you're driving down the road, you got, let's say you're driving with two feet. One on the break, one on the accelerator. Add those together. You're pulling off the break and you're hitting on the accelerator at the same time. As opposed to just doing one at a time. I like it. That's good. Yeah. Yeah. But there's the point is that there's different ways to do those have those effects. Those are the, that's basically what you want. Obviously you also want the activity. Yes. So you can have a cloric deficit and once you've got lipoluses in this in place, you want to have oxidation of those fatty acids. That's what creates the fat loss. There's some other, so there's other, for instance, another interesting thing is that a Fedron, although it does bind to the beta one and the beta two receptors, it's main action. I believe by binding to an alpha. So this is where there's, there's all, there's so many complexities here. But this nice, because it gives you options from a practical standpoint, as long as you just don't go ballistic and start dropping in huge amounts of some of these drugs without being very, very careful. You've got, if I say, my hands of fat cell and my finger is the nerve, the sympathetic nerve on the ghost of that fat cell. So the, the North, the North Benefit is released here in the synapse between those. So imagine the water dripping off my finger, that's the North, an F-ring, does it's job on the fat cell and turns on like polices, which is generally going to do. When you take Ephidron, it actually can bind up here on the, on the nerve. Okay, also binds on the fat cell, but it binds on the nerve. And the action there on the nerve is to promote more North, North, North, an F-ring in the synapse. So you have more water in my little analogy dripping off. So you have more North and Ephidron. North and Ephidron, that stimulates more lipoluses. Yeah. So that's how Ephidron works. Okay. Another mechanism. Interesting thing about Ephidron, some really nice studies that were done by, um, uh, and I get it, got any, Astrope and the Loo, where those are the two big authors, DU, L-L-O-O or ASTRU-P-U-P, Astrope, um, with O-B's individuals. You get it all day to heart rate and then that kind of comes down. They measured the center or the thermogenic effect of Ephidron, like after like a 12 week diet period and it was not reduced. So you don't have an adaptation there. You don't have tackyphylaxis that the fancy term for that when you have a reduced responsiveness, in terms of which you're looking for, which is the elevation of metabolism. So these things turn on metabolic rate as well. We haven't even talked about that yet. That's what's interesting. Two. So you've got your him being, alpha, alpha, alpha you him being a whole scheme, clenbuter all, outbuter all on paper doesn't seem like it does much, but I've heard people say they think outbuter all's just the shit compared to clan, like you didn't do anything like, and I haven't seen that. I haven't seen that. Both in my own life and with clients, I haven't seen it. But hey, you know, somebody else does more power to them. They sell it. You can still buy it, um, you know, on some of the chemical research chemical site. And I've seen, I think I've maybe saw it in the form, the thing big form. Someone mentioned that. I'm like, okay, you know, that's possible, you know, it could be for some for some individuals. Um, we got three of green, which, which makes you feel good, but doesn't have this great like a litic effect necessarily. And there's also cinephrine. Oh, yeah, it's an effort. It's an effort or cinephrine? Yeah. Um, um, potato potato. So that's an interesting one, but because that is thought, that doesn't have hardly any cardiovascular effects. It doesn't have the central nervous system stimulatory effects. And that's thought to bind the beta three, except for it. So there's beta one, beta two, and beta three. Okay. And now we're getting into, and this is, this is even controversial, because I found some stuff last night suggesting that the beta three is don't do what humans necessarily, what we think they may do for what they do and want. So this is sort of like, take us with the grain of salt, but this is just to give people an idea of the system. The science exactly knowing like what the truth is doesn't matter what sort of matter from a practical standpoint is what you can use it for from a bodybuilding standpoint. And obviously science is helpful so you don't hurt yourself. So cinephrine has a thermogenic effect that elevates metabolism. And one of the things, and I have these pulled out because I was asked this on an Instagram live story. These two little dudes, disparate in and origin. It just so happened with I'm moving and I have a box of supplements. I haven't put in my kitchen yet. I had these sitting like, they've been hoarding these. I don't know these probably expired like in last century. I don't know how old they are. Okay. But those inhibits P450 enzymes. Oh, no kidding. So the P450 enzymes would help to break stuff down. And that's my issue I think with Yohimvine is that it's not working properly. But maybe you're saying that you might want to delay the breakdown. Keep something active for longer. That's what a particular study it was. Sinephrine has demonstrated. I think there's 178 calorie from a single dose of Sinephrine. I think it might have been 16 milligrams. I can go look it up real quick. Yeah. I can post this study if someone wants just tag me in the in the group and I'll post it or let me know if it comes up on YouTube. I'll tell you too if it's in my book. If Lucas is still watching, he has a supplement podcast. And him and his buddies are going to absolutely love this episode. He's he's turning in some day morning from Poland or Sunday afternoon Poland, doing his cardio. So I'm just going to throw that up there. We just the supplement engineer. We just. Yes. We just posted our we did a podcast earlier this week. So I just posted yesterday. Very nice. That's up. Yeah. I don't know about this compounds. What are those called again? The spirit in and there's no ringen and no ringen. I think I have both. No ringen. No that's a syringe and there's no ringen. And these are found in grapefruit juice. The same thing then where we hear about grapefruit juice and debol. Yes. That's where that comes from. You look at look up at the the drug interactions grapefruit juice with drugs and it it hibits at least one. I think maybe even several p450 ends on it interacts with tons of drugs. So it increases the area into the curve. It it slows the metabolism those drugs. So your your 50 milligrams dose or whatever it might be is now much more potent because your body doesn't clear it is is easily. Yeah. The liver can't handle it. So that's where this is where you got to be careful because that could be a good thing but you could also end up kind of screwing yourself if you've got something else in there and you have like an effect like you get with your him being. Like you're taking your taken the sin of friend and you him being and now you you know you can't sleep because the him being because you wanted to get an extra little oomph out of your sin of friend. Yeah. That could be a problem. So that's because like it's it's a really to go and just block one of the major p450 enzymes for drug metabolism. Yeah. It's a pretty big hammer to be hidden. You know. Yeah and especially too you have to think if you're taking other medications like a blood pressure medication for instance and I've had weird responses to a whole plethora of different pharmaceuticals that I've been prescribed. Dr. Mike Dr. is told me I don't know why you're having this response to Norvask that it just keeps building up and building up and your bloodstream until you get these weird side effects from it. Same things with like a re-up taking inhibitor. Just a tiny, minuscule dose is enough to get me moving when it is like a baby dose when people have to load it for a month, for a month at 10 times that dose, I'm feeling at day one. So yeah yeah. It could really, it would be something you really need to be careful with if you were attempting to get more out of your sin of your you know because it got affected by a lot of other stuff. Oh yeah, yeah, that's the thing where it's just like I think I was I had a pretty strong caveat in the book when I noted that it's like yeah, you don't know what other effects you're having. It's not like it's just working on with on sinifrin because that's your intention. Yeah, the body it's blocking though and I don't I haven't even looked to see the probably figured out more p450 enzymes that may be blocked but like here's the effect though it's pretty powerful. Yeah. The group receiving uh, 50 milligrams of p-synifrin so there's p and there's m i believe and those are different compounds. 65 calorie increase in resting metabolic rate per decubo. When they in the group receiving a hundred milligrams of spirit in in addition to 50 milligrams of sinifrin plus 600 milligrams of naringin, the resting metabolic rate increased 183 calories. Okay. So imagine that that this would be the idea as long as you know they're not having interactions that are just kind of you're shooting yourself in a foot with hundred eighty three calories times three doses assuming that is persistent. That's the thing we don't know. Is there a tackle of access there? Does all of a sudden you get that the first time and maybe for a few days or a few weeks which just seems to be the case with computer all it loses the effectiveness pretty quickly. Then that's not so great but if you can get up let's say 150 calories and you do three doses a day and that's your average that's four 50 calories a day that's your whole color deficit right there keeping everything else the same if you could do that that's the thing. So that's so we've got some pretty cool we got lots there's lots of some patho mimetics those are all these drugs we told them are so patho mimetics. The other thing about sinifrin is it probably is interacting with this other type of fat cell that at one point in time years ago we thought humans didn't have which just thought rodents had them so they're white fat cells and that's because they look they're pure white under a microscope and there's also brown fat you've probably found fat brown fat thermogenesis and it's the phrase that was called the epistoms and there's also beige fat which is sort of an in between it's kind of a hybrid and it can kind of go different directions so for instance cold exposure if you get someone and this is not this was the thing like way back when I I even tried to do this when I was a kid there was something I got from like I got it in like it's a pan for the came in some weater product that I bought you know back when I was reading musselin fitness and it was suggesting like you go and like get in the ocean so to where you've got you get shivering thermogenesis you're just so so cold if you get really cold your sympathetic nervous system turns on and this happens in individuals especially individuals who are lean because they tend to have more of these these fat cells and activation of the adrenal sepvers on those brown or the beige fat cells which are like around the midline of the body and the neck between a scapulae on the spine that turns on thermogenesis and it's it was always thought that that's via the beta three receptors but I found a study just earlier today that suggests the beta ones may be involved too okay so as it turns out one thing that differentiates obese people just in a sort of cross-sectional studies versus lean people is that lean people tend to have this brown adipose tissue or the beige and that that was the thing is that people were probably though that's brown it's like well no it's actually kind of a different subtitle we haven't really differentiated this well enough because the beige and the brown are a little bit different in terms of the the the size the fat globules that are in them and the amount of mitochondria those beige and brown cells have lots of mitochondria in them which means they can be highly oxidative your white fat cells literally I mean they're also it's an indecrungalian so you've got leptin and adiponectin that come from the white adipose cushions the body but mainly it's a it's a other than being an indecrungalian which is very important it's a source of fat a source of fuel whereas the brown and the beige and those individuals have that when that's activated that's a way to adjust your metabolic rate and sort of the survival this is really kind of survival mode holy shit we're freezing we need body heat that can be turned on in those individuals is when you activate the central nervous the sympathetic nervous system and you activate the brown adipose tissue you you get thermogenesis you produce massive amounts of heat which is that comes from I'm good sorry I want there's another drug this this is kind of like involved with this that comes from up regulating what's called uncoupling protein so there's various uncoupling proteins that do the same thing that people try to do with DNP okay so uncoupling oxidative phosphorylation basically means that your body oxidative oxidizes fuel and the end product would be ATP so that's good that's you know it's about a 40% efficient process to get from fuel to the ATP but if you'll uncouple that and like all means you just keep on breaking down fuel or breaking down fat using up energy you're not getting any ATP out of the at the deal DNP does that by getting in the mitochondria and literally letting the the energy potential that you worked all the way to build up by breaking down this fuel it just sort of lets it loose it's like putting a giant crack in a dam so the water can't flow through the turbines of the dam and produce energy the water just flows out it's a gosh shit we have all this water damed up that's our potential energy we want a harness in the dam and if we don't if we can't harness that well we don't get the energy we're not can't create the electricity that you're trying to dam that's what DNP does and those brown adipose cells and the beige ones too and that gets activated which cinephane probably does the beta ones or the beta freeze don't know um who just could be the beta 2's too it turns on an uncoupling process and creates a lot of heat so that's another sort of strategy that comes from the cinephane is you're targeting those other probably to some degree hundred eighty three calories is a lot and white adipose cells or they don't have the mitochondria I'm just sort of ball parking this but they don't have the mitochondria to do that these people are just at rest they're not like running around or doing anything this is just sitting there watching their metabolic rate be elevated after a dose compared to a control period so that's I mean that and I have to see I have to go look and see what the duration of that is but let's say it was six hours so average person might box that I just resting let's say a hundred calories during an hour okay right they would do 600 calories and now they do 800 calories over that six hour period or roughly 183 it's roughly 200 calories that's substantial yeah I don't feel like it translates into the real world though does it people haven't been using cinephane but a people aren't you also trying to couple it up with these uh this is very good yeah it was only like 60 it was like 60 calories see what's that 55 calorie increase and resting metabolic rate so that's the thing I haven't I don't know anyone who's taken that along period of time to see you know and add that in as a novel thing yeah and that's the thing attack of relaxus maybe you get that on the first dose and then it's gone okay and I think about a federans you don't have that attack of the lack of fact yeah and actually one thing a federan does is it promotes the conversion of T4 to T3 really yeah so it it helps it helps with more active thyroid at least in one study with obese women okay did that yeah so yeah so yeah so that's kind of the story we've got you release the break with your him being or out for rolls king alpha you him being the rule is king you can turn on and step on the accelerator for fat loss with clenbuter all maybe with albuter all you can indirectly turn on the break it's kind of like you know the the um backseat driver with a fedron it tells more epinephrine or epinephrine to be released and then you can you know activate the catalytic converter with sinifrin and turn on the other adipose cells the brown and the beige which is a whole other deal so I'm not suggesting I say look alright let's do all right right really and upscrewing yourself here's the thing with your him being is it's funny some people when they take a fedron they're fine and maybe you're you him being alone they're okay but when they take them both it's a no go that's where they have the issues yeah they some people they've I've had people I've known of people that have freaked out and gone to the to the ER really they're lying that was never that bad but you know what I can't say that I've done much you'll him buying on its own it's usually the way that I've always worked is that we start with clen and then later my and it makes sense later than we add the yo him buying in and you you explaining science behind it that makes sense why we're initially getting you know a decent effect out of a really small amount of clen the call start people at 20 micrograms and then we may in two weeks go up or we might add in a small amount of yo him buying and try to get more out of that same dose because then I feel like we can stretch out another week of effectiveness out of that clen having added that yo him buying in before we we jump it up because I feel like the longer we can get more out of lesser dose the more we can down the road have room to go up we don't paint ourselves into a corner you know eight weeks down the road we're at a hundred micrograms and we still have ten weeks to get to the contest where we're going to go from there you know yeah and the thing that's interesting too and this is the other feature this so the ifedron doesn't seem to although you'll have a tacky philactic effect yeah so reduction in how your heart rate is elevated in the stimulatory effect that happens from this one particular study the thermogenic effect doesn't seem to go away okay with yo him being at least from I have to find this study but at least the early studies didn't suggest that you have any um down or up regulation in those alpha adrenal sectors I could see this so if you can take long term but clenbuter all especially from the road instead he's is renowned for rapid beta two receptor down regulation yeah but not in everybody in the same way so some people like they can keep taking and they feel it just the same and other people it's like I felt like I didn't like couldn't study in fileneking I was taking 200 micrograms you know and I was like yeah it was nothing and for that reason like like people I don't have a formula what's not like you know I usually tell people we may go up every couple weeks but it might be three weeks or four weeks or it might be ten days you know depending on on how somebody's responding and in a way to what to do that depending on the person like at least something to consider someone wants to use these these pharmaceuticals is that use one and get the most released so maximize your sensitivity with a smaller dose and then with that one starts not stop what this starts stops working then use something else so you can do it you can have a scenario for instance where you use alpha you him being or you him being and then then go to clen for two or three days and then go back or alternate between a fedron and clen in a way if that seems work for you and but don't always don't try to just take everything because then you're probably going to end up you know in your head of descents and it ties in yourself and that's that's kind of the key is the is the main change in the sensitivity yes as much as you possibly can by coming on and off the things using them with some breaks when it comes to like a fedron caffeine and aspirin it seems like from my experience with clients myself is literally just having one day I always have any clients you're taking any fat burners I always tell them like the non-training day it's a Sunday usually works out best don't do your triple eca stack whatever it is that you're taking okay in this have screen tea something so you're not like just a slug yeah so and go something act is something fun you know so maintain some meat you don't want to just like end up being a couch potato you know and just like mapping you need to shrug your sleep cycle and everything else so maintain some regularity but come off of that and you don't end up in this in this place where people stay on the fat lost drugs some pathometrics drugs every day for weeks on end then they're just dragging yeah it could be a adrenal insufficiency you know because you are stimulating neuropinephrine release like a fedron is doing that it's stimulating neuropinephrine release from the sympathetic nerve terminals and neuropinephrine release stimulates a adrenaline production in the adrenal glands so you're stimulating adrenaline release as well with these things so you can end up sort of run yourself pretty ragged but it's just like one good day off that seems to work at least for like just a pure ECA staff yeah that makes sense to me yeah hey can we get it we have time do you mind if we switch gears a little bit and went to that question about that show alright cool cool if we hit this question and it was from patreon I've got a screen cap of it I know I can pull that up here thank you for tuning into another podcast here I think big bodybuilding media if we've provided value to you today then please consider contributing to our show you can help support the show through patreon every five dollars helps to pay for the software in the hardware and everything else that goes into making a podcast you can also contribute by using our code at true nutrition true nutrition has been our title sponsor for several years now I'm super grateful for them and I've believed in true nutrition supplements long before they sponsored our programming you could use our code thank for health supplements and performance supplements feel free to hit me up if you have any questions and if you're check out supplementsourst.ca they have free shipping over 99 dollars huge discounts on over stock short dated and label change products plus they have all your normal supplements too thank you guys for listening to the commercial I hope you're having a great day and that your bodybuilding is going well let's get back to the show my TRT clinic is willing to add nanger loan to my protocol for quote joint pain relief well adding that compound potentially give me that benefit yeah and nanderlones known for for that like the people have been doing that for years yeah that for that purpose and I'm I'm going to look at this more of sort of a practitioner and a scientist and I'll direct him to there's a there's a I think it's free to read it's all it was online I believe an article like a panel submission article on nanderlone that is in muskware development so Rick the steroid lawyer her college yeah recolons directed that he kind of gathered I think he actually submitted his own portion too but there's like a doctor sarano's on there Victor blacks on there Victor prisk is on there couple other people like him are all the names has been a little while but we we sort of submitted our thoughts on basically this very same idea and me nanderlone is relatively benign like there's worse things you could take as far as side of x-book and stuff but from a TRT perspective from a medical perspective my take on it was that doesn't necessarily make sense to use it for that reason and it's a lot of it's because of some of the cardio toxic effects can have testosterone it's just for multiple reasons safer and then if how much is he going to get and is the nanderlone then going to cause decadict so to speak are they're going to end up with other issues that come along with adding that to the mix whereas if he has joint pain my first thought is from a coach's perspective a trainer's perspective practitioners preserve why your joint search like what's what's going on with your joints is it the way you're training is it what you're doing is it that you got just too much inflammation in your body maybe maybe a curcumin would be something that would work for just general joint inflammation yeah so I was in Chinese medicine you know and this is sort of my perspective is rooted there this is someone a question someone wanted me to dig into someone posted this on Think Big and the in the form there that look at the the root of the issue so why is the joint pain there and like there's number they could just take aspirin you know just continue to take aspirin and do that for you know years that'd be cheaper why use nanderlone you know necessarily unless you know that there's a several other reasons to do that and make sense given your T.R.T. protocol you know heck I don't know what else he's he's maybe has in his in his arsenal there for the T.R.T. maybe they've gone among on aromotates inhibitor maybe that's causing the joint pain those can cause my pain maybe his estrogen levels you know are aren't where they should be maybe a little bit higher in estrogen would help with a little bit more water in a system and that would lubricate the joints in this way people will use growth hormone for that reason there's even there's I mean growth hormone there's that's a whole different topic too but but that might be something that would help with his joints too and that would be more complimentary I think than adding nanderlone to the testosterone be thinking about like anti-aging effects generally in general um I mean so there are actually clinics that are prescribing the research almost like BPC 157 15500 those kinds of things yeah so this place where he's at it's kind of cool sounds like they're progressive that might be a better a better option there you know do that alphlutop is something that um we're really really well that you can still buy I think on eBay you can actually they're selling on amazon so I think it's totally legal to get in the US that phenomenally for many people um is he taking an undenatured type 2 collagen yeah is he using collagen peptides like you had in your coffee yeah you know it's been a huge game changer for me personally and I feel like anybody who's lifting now that I better understand collagen and what it does anybody who's lifting and you're aging you know like anybody over 35 I would say it would be an it would be a I wish I had started it sooner let's put it that way I wish I had started it 10 years ago and just been consistent I feel like it could have been you know very helpful to have brought that in plus you know it is it is a protein source might not be the best protein source but you're getting like 29 grams of protein if you use a serving a day yeah and you're I think you said before you you'd have breakfast before you take it in so you got all the amino acids floating on your system yeah so it is next your protein source but we know with the collagen from the radio labeled amino acids studies that when you take in collagen based protein source that those amino acids do actually sort of preferentially end up in collagen begin up in the joints and the tenants the place where you find collagen yeah so I would just like mandalone would be the last of um like it's a very bottom of your priority list if you try to everything but there's got to cut your reason why the joints hurt I'm not how old he is but you can figure out you can do with arthritis in so many different ways other than just adding mandalone on there you know I mean so here's a thing too I'll say it this way because I get it you know it's like so if you're guy like who's pushing the limits right like you're you're like trying to get your pro card or trying to win your state show or whatever and you're you're gearing up it's like 10 to have joint problem because I'm pushing everything you know I'm red lining it's like and mandalone makes me grow really well and I'm already like I'm already in for the wind so to speak right then then okay yeah I keep mandalone in because I grow really well on it and it helps my joints that's a different story yeah but it's a totally different story so the thing is and maybe like they don't because they have to be careful like this is I'm now I think about this so imagine you're running a clinic like some clinics are run where they prescribe things that you know are on the high end let's say of what we considered traditional TRT and they're adding it's like mandalone which isn't traditionally added in by many physicians as TRT because you don't really have mandalone it's like it's found as a minor metabolite but it's not an active hormone in the body although people call those hormones no it's a drug it's a it's just off-strengthening drug like most of the steroids are so they may have guys coming in who are like getting their TRT there just so they can you know they can have bottles that are labeled as tests that they fill with you know the mix of stuff that they're using when they travel or what have you so they want to be legal that makes sense and they want to have something they can bridge with in between cycles and all that good stuff so they come in and those guys they're not like they're not going to be able to they can't say to those guys and with clear conscious because it's a liability say okay so well yeah we might as well just won't just prescribe you the full cycle let's get you on you know 600 tests and 400 mandalone but they want to accommodate those guys if they want the mandalone and you know there's physicians do use mandalone that's why we wrote this article because it's something that some physicians do do employ so he comes in and they don't know because he may look like wow this guy's this guy's I don't know how big he is who asked the question who was that's the question sorry Frank Sullivan Frank I don't know how like but if someone comes in they're not going to say so like what else are you taking if someone asked your mandalone they want to accommodate that person so if he asked your mandalone they want to accommodate him and they're they want to make sure if he's that person who's pushing the limits that okay they did that they they prescribed him in the mandalone and so they can't they can't necessarily fish those things I was like well hold actually for TRT we can probably do you a better service medically speaking if you really want to stay chest on a TRT level you're not trying to let go for broke by working on the joint pain in this way shape reform yeah and that's to some degree that's an issue with the hormone replacement clinics because they specialize chest in that and they tend to sort of miss a bit of the holistic nature of things I can see that sort of yeah like it's like you're here for the your testosterone and not necessarily lifestyle management and what have you some of them are similar like okay let I tell you what you got joint pain let's like refer you to Dr. Stephenson or whatever and like he'll he'll he'll talk to you about that he'll he'll give you a holistic traditional Chinese medical based approach and talk about your exercise selection maybe there's a way we can treat your joint pain without having to up your the toxic toxicity load that would come with more energy above which you know where you're if he adds an endolone to a TRT protocol especially if it's sort of a on a high-end one then he's then he's maybe three or four times above terms of total energy and input what his body would typically have absolutely yeah we had a couple of them yeah we had a couple more here yeah yeah let's see these are from the live feed John had one John Boxer he says a question I recently heard on another podcast about uh over still what's still talking about natural and I guess about test and NPP cycle they suggested taking low test 150 milligrams and running higher NPP 300 plus milligrams they seem to think that NPP is basically test so no need to run test the same as NPP because you just increase the side effects um this was the first I had heard of this and I was curious and your thoughts not sure about my key and of course comment on the other podcast because I'm you know it's still no matter what it's gonna be a little out of context uh hearing what he's saying about it but uh I mean you've talked before about uh didn't didn't Jordan run a really could you explain that again because I couldn't quite grasp it Jordan ran a high-decker cycle with low-townly oh deca only it was deca only yeah some people a lot a few people had done that more than a few yeah absolutely and he said that like libido everything was fine you had an idea of a thought on that why would that have been first of all my guess was if you look at nanolones binding affinity to the alpha to the dream or so the adrenergic receptor not the alpha receptor not the dream receptor the the adenergic receptor um it actually binds more strongly than dht or testosterone but normally so it's at the at the far end of binding affinity so it's gonna activate the adenergic receptor really really strongly okay and when it's five alpha reduced to die hydronandulum that has very poor um it doesn't activate the adenergic receptor very strongly at all okay so at a sort of a moderate or low dose you're gonna get a lot of five alpha reduction okay and the nanolone is never gonna end up being around for very long so it's not gonna be binding the adenergic receptor because it's getting five alpha reduced to a um a less problematic compound as far as I care loss but if you take in like two thousand milligrams then I mean you can think of like a hundred milligrams you know being like a trt or like a the endogenous androgen level now you twenty times that there's a possibility this is where I was sort of you know wow it's guessing it yeah possibility and now you're overloading the five alpha reductase enzyme and it just can't it just doesn't it just doesn't it doesn't regulate maybe in some people maybe in Jordan's case or in those individuals where to the point where you you're just you have so much nandolone around that it just you just have nandolone which is even more adener um uh uh uh uh uh since the anabolic as well as androgenic then so drive sex drive um so that's my guess as the why that would be that's the thing is like you know you you combine the two and you have the decadict possibility yeah um but it just used nandolone only then maybe there may be it's so much nandolone at the receptor that wasn't maybe able to break down so interesting so you're telling me that that during your standards a 600 test 400 decosycle somebody experiences the quote unquote decadict that that's the dihydro nandolone which is binded bound to the receptor and it's not nearly as effective well typically that would be people are treating that with um um they're trying to deal with um colactin um or progestogenic effects because the the nandolone's progestogenic so that's probably where the decadict is coming from but you still gonna get that with the nandolone okay um the genic effect because nandolone does that but if you have so much nandolone in there now you got you've got an overwhelming activation of the anisory receptor break um yeah break but got the diacatimata um yeah but what's the diacatimata and do you know what's the diacatimata doing that's nothing that's what you want like that's good yeah okay that's that that's that's not gonna cause hair loss and the kind of stuff that's a that's a good one um so Jordan doesn't have any hair issues at all his hair line is like solid so he doesn't have the genes for hair loss when from um anrogenic alopecia or you know funtable balding or what have you okay so yeah if you have someone in that scenario you got you've got the progestogenic effects and the progesterone effects on pro-lactin that are going to give you the decadict that you can get from nandolone um and if you have test and nandolone in the mix and the serenandolone's pretty high depending on the person some people don't get it so it's a matter of how much of the enzyme they have and the relative sensitivity like all the interplay of all these various factors that are there then they've got probably a progestogenic effect and pro-lactin effect pro-lactin can be released when progestogenic um progestogenic compound comes in that's potentially why the decadict is happening okay but if you take all the um and I don't know even how well uh this again this is ultra-spitballing but I don't even know how how good of a substrate nandolone is for that five-alph of reductase enzyme compared to testosterone um testosterone when it's five-alph of reduced to dihydrochastastron that's more anrogenic and when it happens in the prostate or the scalp so you get you know inflamed in large prostate that's where you get hair loss and you get the anrogenic effects so that happens like at the in the level of the tissue okay um yeah but if you uh if that happens um that's why nandolone is better for hair for many people or they like that because if it gets out five-alph of reduced then you get dihydrochastron which isn't anrogenic it's not an issue and this is where people can kind of and I've mentioned before but it's still kind of confusing I get why it is so we're like well I want to take care of my hair so I use nandolone and then I'll use finasteride or du test ride because that's good well that's good for testosterone because that prevents that testosterone to dihydrochastastron dihydrochastron is going to hurt your hair but if you take nandolone and you block the five-alph of reductase with finasteride and test ride now you've got more nandolone around which is even more endogenic than dhds so for individuals who have that positive effect of chest and nandolone only they're basically going just we're going all in on the nandolone yeah I think probably overwhelming the activity and the ability of the five-alph of reductase to convert that to dihydrochastron so now they just got lots of nandolone having this strong anoboc and anrogenic effects so they get good growth and they get good really good sex drive like some of you're saying their sex drive is just crazy high it's the opposite of dihydrochastron yeah yeah for that too yeah so that's sort of the reason why um and you know that's where if someone is there's playing that game then they would figure out what works for them you know what what ratios how much how high can they go on the nandolone and still get a positive anoboc effect maybe a joint effect um and not get the dihydrochastron and how much testosterone they have to have relative to that yeah so interesting yeah it is I found a table on nandolone that I put together um comparing to the testosterone and anandolone this is for this is what I submitted for that article and it looks at um dislippidemia so poor lipids effects on metabolic syndrome strength and muscle mass rectal dysfunction and joint health so nandolone can be there's some studies showing a higher level higher amounts can reduce your HDL you got the decadict rectal dysfunction issue generally testosterone is going to help there both can be anobolic both can improve joint health so there's no if you look you kind of compare these major health outcomes of testosterone and anandolone in terms of lipid profile um metabolic syndrome muscle mass rectal dysfunction and joint health nandolone isn't any better in terms of any of those necessarily than um testosterone except maybe the joint health for some people um but testosterone if you go from a hypogonatal position to being you gonaddle it's going to help with joint health too so yeah you can people folks can read that um looking at uh there's people who use vitamin E and um a black seed extract just sort of as antioxidants to kind of combat the reactive oxygen species the the free radical effects of nandolone um that's one of the one of the issues with nandolone it seems to have um you have these negative effects on cardity on the heart if your cardia toxic effect yeah so if your testosterone is off your lipid profile and it has a radio toxic effect it's not necessarily good thing for the long haul so yeah that ought to be really cool it's really it's all those tons of great input from all those guys i see we had a couple of things uh Liam hunter who by the way Liam uh i just message you back he just joined patreon yesterday so i wanted to say thank you to you and i i message you to on patreon feel free to get back to me one of the questions i had is where he was from and he did mention that he is from Yorkshire Yorkshire as i think it's technically pronounced he says after noon from hot as balls Yorkshire i heard that there have any heat wave over there uh and i just missed it like it was so beautiful scott it was like i saw 65 degrees rolling clouds you know occasional sun it didn't start raining until the day i left um which Dave told me this was like yeah Dave told me like it was raining and gray just like this impenetrable gray he's like this is how it usually is uh but he'd asked about chromium he said what would the effect of chromium uh during an off-cycle bulk and he's using 600 test 400 decka 400 mast he said i found a lot of anecdotal stuff about chromium but not willst on cycle well it's on cycle um it's probably a drop in the bucket some people you know chromium's an interesting one because i'd always tell the story about the uh the study that never got published that of master degree student did it was at university text as well so they gave chromium to a beast women okay and chromium group she once they finally broke the double blind placebo code the chromium group cut the game body fat oh he's really got that oh yeah probably help with the insulin sense they went on a diet they just gave chromium okay yeah so it may have helped with insulin sense daily but it helped with the fat sounds right wasn't good so that didn't get published um uh yeah because they me they it was they i think it was just sort of the pilot work to see you know okay do we have some promise here i'm not sure where they went with the study after that but yeah um some people if you happen to be deficient in chromium then you know it may work but i chromium is um sir one that hasn't listed the test the time people throw it in there it's like hey why not make sure you have it um but i wouldn't expect anything crazy with chromium but i haven't looked in the chromium for a long i remember chromium was like i'm was a big deal like 25 years ago i do two oh man that in a man it was so fake yes yes everyone was using those like on the ketogenic diet boards um or people who do in ckds you know like chromium and alpha like polic acid is actually something that i think still works pretty well i'm still fan of using that the carb ups and sort of from all the way yeah yeah we talked about that but it's been a long time and you explained the difference between a.l.a and r.l.a.a.a.a.a. yeah so but chromium is like you know some people i've heard some people say it's a greatest thing ever for people saying to take massive amounts of doses but i've never i don't know no one i can remember like oh yeah i i clearly saw this client the chromium like was a was a game changer and yeah so i would but you know as long as you're not paying out an arm and a leg for it the supplement engineer podcast we did is she's just related to this we were looking at comparing a multi ingredient pre workout supplement with um which is probably c4 especially could tell okay pre workout they had all the ingredients it just wasn't didn't say that explicitly in the study yeah and and then the equivalent amount of caffeine and they actually compared to the caffeine the c4 had a little bit of an urgo lidic effect so performance wasn't as good really um yeah like just they lost a rep they did five sets with like 75% of the one rep max and there was what the third set was significantly less and there was a little bit less on each of the sets so they were living up getting like there's like 36 versus 35 reps over the course of five set test protocol huh no kidding it's kind of a cool podcast because i like went in and like looked at the fine details of the study in a way that um like that i do when i look at at studies and it's the people may not know and it's like i thought i was just ripping apart the authors but there were lots of issues with the but they did do something cool like a second part of their sort of analysis they added in was okay taken there taking their results caffeine seems to be if you take if you if you assume the caffeine is the active ingredient given that the multi ingredient with beta alanine um what else they have in there citraline right a couple other things corey um did it wasn't a more effective so it seems like caffeine was just a fact they didn't have a placebo control so they don't even know if they got an organic effect from either of those okay but it's looking caffeine was what was doing the good stuff and then they can go to the price of caffeine versus which you pay for those so it's incredible yeah it was like just you're just paying like if you're just if you're actually just getting caffeine as an effective ingredient which is what the perspective they took then you're paying like 25 times which you need to for your caffeine yeah something like that we were done radius so I didn't even chop and it was crazy to see that some of the pre-workouts are like $50 now for like just the little one single you know the small scoop uh it's dim based pre-workouts it don't have really much going on and I was shocked yeah i think i think some of that too is you look at something it's like the which's the most expensive car like that one it must be the best yeah yeah and what has the most the kitchen sink list of ingredients like that's that kind of a track she like so that's the thing that's why i brought this up exactly that reason is like so look at all this stuff and if you have subclinical doses like how much is in there right so would you be better off this is my old i'm back in my soapbox here but you're going to take beta alanine it's a better to buy beta if you beta alanine seems to work for you need you know x number of grams in order to load up six day grams what have you um benefit by beta alanine from true nutrition for instance and caffeine from true nutrition and save yourself 80 percent right as opposed to low g and c and buying something with other ingredients that really don't help necessarily or that you could just buy for cheaper and then then you've got the kitchen full of you know bags and powders and stuff and looks like you're like your drug dealer you know brewing method home but you save yourself a lot of money and then you know what works right um oh if it comes to like chromium and it's like you know i i got something on you know it's on on sale like they marked the down 80 percent off it just bought it it's like i bought this because it was a good tasting caffeine source and it has some chromium in it great you know take it but it would be like you know what this one's got chromium and this one doesn't this one's 80 bucks and this one's 40 bucks i definitely want the chromium right like now it wouldn't go there so yeah you're you think of how much bang you're getting for your buck with with those I think those ingredients i'll have to grab that link then from the supplement engineer podcast with Lucas and Robert they're smart guys and they they definitely what they're talking about i want to check that out myself and i will post it in the description uh for this podcast uh you know a little late in the show do we tell you guys that but it's there anybody who's still hanging with us at the end you're welcome to go check that out see what you think yeah they'll they'll see it probably they'll look at the retu that when i look at the time stamps yes that's what i'm sure about and it's true so all right well it's we got it but that was it that was it okay something there yeah it is here i didn't see kc comment i don't see kc comment gh oh you're looking at the post from the previous show i'm looking at the live feed here yeah i had my live feed to tell okay i had responded to him on that he had asked about how beneficial is it is gh for muscle growth you could probably see my response there i said i i was speaking on your behalf but we had talked about that a bunch of times that you know for some people you would said that they're going to have a you know some people they may have a game changing effect but if you've taken growth hormone and you haven't seen a game changing effect from it there's a good chance that you're not going to be that guy like Andrew you know Andrew Barry says that he loves growth like that to him it has been a game changer and that when he runs it up higher he gets better effect i've heard other people i don't know if it's been said publicly so i don't want to say names but i i know other like really good high high level Olympian level pros who have said at least off the air that like yeah they'd rather take 10 units and then keep the the antibiotics like under a gram and they'd great with you we're talking like best in the world guys oh yeah yeah there's some people who just just it's it is a game changer just ridiculous how well it works the interesting things no problem with this um the interesting things by the way i posted it on instagram i think you probably heard that i i couldn't tag those guys i couldn't find their instagram handles but i don't think that Robert does social media and all okay and maybe why that was it but but the thing that that seems to happen is if you're a growth hormone responder let's just kind of use that term yeah growth hormone strongly we talked about last time strongly turns on connected tissue protein synthesis collagen protein synthesis so people use it for joints too just to prepare the joints helps for some people but that's the thing i've noticed in people who have said that like this is over like 20 years of kind of paying attention looking at patterns you're also going to get those like when the connected tissue grows and you get a nose growth for instance people's hands will grow feet will grow they have to get where bigger shoes like people going from a size to end of a size 12 or size 13 year in a matter of like four or five years ears yes some people i've noticed a couple guys even get pointed ears if they get like bolking elf style ears it's really kind of interesting that and i've gone back and like they didn't have those ears 10 years ago they have those ears now yeah this isn't like you just really it's just really fascinating so it's almost like you do have that like has a you know change in your your facial features your bone and your cartilage structure is going to come along with with the also you get that tremendous fat loss effect and probably uh approaching synthet is come guys feel like they grow on growth hormone they get they get one muscle mass on it yeah and then you have guys that have that opposite you know Dave Prustlin invested a huge ton of money into farm grade growth and 27 units a day and he said that when he was done with that he was like I don't feel like it really made any difference he feels that way about growth in insulin he's one of the first people that I know who has said he feels like insulin doesn't pan out you know that you you get a lot of a lot of you know a lot of bulk from it but then when he come off of it it's not necessarily worth what you don't end up with what you think you're getting I guess is what his take was at least from personal experience and I can see that I don't know somebody was listening to me about a coach with a super high insulin protocol and that guys look like they're getting 50 pounds of muscle in the off season and then when they actually hit the stage they're like one pound heavier interesting yeah with Dave like he was how many calories was he putting down when he was you know the 400 pound mark dude it was like 10 ounces of meat with two cups of rice every hour he was awake that's crazy you got so much insulin you know already yeah and potentially he's pushed himself this is you know this is just sort of this like this could have known man's like how good was his insulin sensitivity at that point when he's that high you know because it's an awesome pull-out size right you have lots of body fat so it might make sense you know you take someone who who does an insulin protocol for instance where they only use small amounts they're using it intermittently they're increasing their protein like men carbs enough to cover the glucose issues with insulin and you know you apply it if they do only around workouts very very things and not that I'm saying people choose insulin but there's there's a totally different situation for instance and this isn't criticizing Dave either right where you got someone who's like 8% and they're using insulin you know at like 10-15 I use three times a week in association with a big peri workout meal so they're taking advantage of the nutrient timing and insulin timing is potentially versus someone who's at Dave's level size who has a continuous constant influx of calories all the time there's no time there's no nothing and he's already lost insulin sensitivity because he's pushed so far up with his body weight and everything that's totally different so you can you can maybe grow and see an impact when you're that former person and say this is making friends compared to not doing it and then there's a course the end between is like when you use it it's the way that we talk about this for on the show is you add insulin to sort of supports what you're already doing but I think some people if they do add insulin this would make sense as to why I might work better for them is that they recognize okay I'm going to use insulin I'm only going to use it intermittently and we use it with a nutrient timing approach and then they take on a nutrient timing approach and they take in more food they actually are adjusting their eating schedule and the way that they're manipulating their carbohydrates in a way that would help them anyway and then they got insulin sensitive sort of synergizing with that new approach so now now they're they're they're not just the insulin that's changed it's the way they're eating and the way they're they're matching their their core turnover and their needs with their training stimulus so that that that a nutrient timing issue you know which is the whole other all wax but that can be the they could be getting a nutrient timing effect on top of the insulin effect and then the two synergizing for even a better effect so yeah you I will less thing you wouldn't ever like say okay we pushed you up to 8,000 calories a day you're at full max GI like you and your as fat as you ever been now let's use insulin yeah that's a good point yeah you're going to do that and they might have been like it's a kind of you know approaching that sort of place like it's no wonder it would more that's a good thing listen let's wrap this thing up man it's great to catch back up the last episode just came up but we actually recorded it like before I even had left for England so it's been a couple of weeks for you weeks now guys if you want to take part in the next show comment with questions you know we might be able to get to them if you have a good topic you know something that would be worth digging into I you know I would I would ask you to post it and you know it's gotten out we'll get back together here and we'll knock out another one how's everything going for you man who's training and all that good good I've been training the barn I'm just like we talked about you know got some dog talk about some of the supplementary nearby kids I guess some dog issues kind of keep me close to home medication schedules that I have to stick on so I've been training in the in the barn actually this is we talked about this on the stuff in here by kids but it's so fucking hot on there it's just fucking awesome you love I mean it's just like I have to be careful because it just wipes me out so bad like I've been just it's like an outing to take an app and it's like I could like you know like you're in that it's like I'm gonna nap actually falsely but it's just brutal because I don't know there's no air flow in there I don't have any fans I had two fans I brought from a previous place and they're both were broken no to sell when I come to visit Scott I will bring the guns number one because you have plenty of yard to shoot in every two of them and bring my own air conditioning unit for your gym we'll get it all sealed up get your HFAC going before I get my first workout in with you I have one out gyms too big though man you need like a bunch of them yeah and it's kind of it's it's it's it was a it was actually was a barn you know so it's they had horses in there here so yeah but there's just no like I guess I could open there's another door I could but we're I've got everything set up there's just not gonna be great airflow and it just like literally like yesterday there was not a not a dry spot on any of my clothes I bet I know that feeling man in your house my place self florida in the Everglades basically now this is what country live and here's what I do like train when I get done and I don't even let the dogs out because blitz you will come out and she'll come and in the gym and she'll like yeah just paint you with the duck so I literally came out I'm like okay I've done training I just take all my clothes off on my porch I think because just don't want to be like I'm in the like there's this totally no like the run and I just hang them on something I got hanging on my barbecue grill yeah and on the side of a trash can because I don't if I walk inside of which is gonna sweat all over the world I got the ring the mountain first so that's like my dream home then almost my minus the humidity because I had always said like for my whole life I was like I want the kind of house where you could step out your back porch and shoot your guns naked and nobody would have anything to say I feel like you've got my dream home minus humidity now not that I would really want to do that just to know I could tell me like yeah that's that's the privacy I'm looking for at that level it's cool yeah yeah I mean if I if I were a hunter like I could probably get like a maybe a beady gun with a with a nice some scope on it and I could just shoot rabbits from my porch and yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah next one's a rabbit like the next like gator hunter that'd be you could do that too all right well I appreciate your time Scott for coming to on to hang out with us with muscle minds guys once again as I mentioned at the beginning of the show check out Scott's book this is the hardcover edition of B-Rome Bodybuilding Coach and you can get this if you go to Amazon or Barnes and Noble I'll have a link for that and go to b-y-o-b-b-coach.com you can get the ebook there you know it's not a cheap book but here's the reality you can literally be your own bodybuilding coach and take yourself through your whole offseason plan your season go through your prep go through your peak week all for the the cost of this one purchase he's got it all in there and you know a lot cheaper to if you get the ebook but I like having something tactile that you can hold when I'm reading it go to our sponsors true nutrition as we mentioned earlier true nutrition dot com user code think for some additional savings plus that definitely helps to support our programming and you're supporting good high quality supplement company that you can believe in supplement source dot c a for you guys in Canada you can get your effigure in there plus you can get a lot of other stuff blow out deals and thank you again to Liam and everybody else uh Frank and everybody else from patreon I appreciate you guys helping to support the show Scott as a pleasure is always right and it's been a pleasure my friend definitely likewise see you guys