I have a child, I want to set a challenge for you. T.R.T. is a poor, a test level of no more than 800 NGDL for a month and nothing else. What's up guys, welcome back to the podcast with Dave Crossland. I'm Scott McNeely and all of our programming is brought to you by you. The people of Patreon, thank you guys very much for your support. We are brought to you by Strom Sports Nutrition, available in the UK and now in the US. I got a sticker I'm going to show you today, Dave, that I got from Strom because I got a couple products from them. Also, we're brought to you by SupplementSource.ca for Canadians. True Nutrition.com. Use our code, think over there for all your protein powder and all your basic body building supplements like creatine and interworkout stuff like that. And of course, we are brought to you by evalbloodanalysis.com. If you're in the UK and you're on gear, you're going to need some labs. You can go to David and get that done at evalbloodanalysis.com. Dave, we got a bunch of stuff going on today. We have literally like 30 listener questions that they left us from the last show. Plus we got a couple of Patreon questions. We've got a few topics, but guys were just talking about the masters competitors at the national level. Seeing some awesome looking dudes, they want to know what kind of cycles should older guys run to look their absolute best. Plus somebody asked us, how do you get that crazy 3D look that bodybuilders have? What compounds to use for that? I know we had an ongoing topic about is SLU and some of Glutide and all the GLP meds. Is that going to change bodybuilding? Plus we have all your listener questions. So we're going to try to squeeze a lot into this episode. Guys, there's always timestamps below if you want to skip around. Of course, if you're new to our stuff, we'd love to have you along for everything. We have several bodybuilding shows each week so subscribe. Hit the bell, leave us comments and comment with questions for the next show. Dave, here's my sticker. You probably can't read it from there, but it says, Strom. And it says, suck it, England. Strom has been taken over by us, by my people. And look at when I got a package in the mail. We had some bread, white and blue confadiant. They're doing it right, Dave. That's all I got to say. They're doing it right over at Strom. They have stickers and stuff. Look at that. I got stickers too. But what's your stickers? So I got that sticker? What's that? BBK? Was that, was that a serial killer's? Or something? I thought. Bind something. No. These performance because I got some O2 sensor extensions from them for my long headers on my truck. OK. Then I got that sticker. Oh, these are the kind of stickers that you put on the back of your car. These are from your countrymen. Are they really? Yes. And then I got that today. You got all sorts of stuff, didn't you? And that's from your countrymen as well. And that's a stress one. That's a squishy. Oh, you mean one of those over there, don't you? I can probably use something like that. It's unique. Man. All right. So like I said, we had a bunch of stuff. Let me just start with that question because I thought it was like a really great way to jump into the show. Guy asked us about, he says, what do you say here? Just checked out the photos for Masters Championships in Pittsburgh last weekend. Damn. So many big, 60 year olds in both body building and classic. What's the best compounds for someone around that age? I'm assuming Test, Primo, an HGH and probably an oral closer to the show. You guys have any idea? I want a few NPC over 60 classic physique shows in the last two years. I'm thinking about doing Masters Nationals next July. I've got some work to do. And I'm only using 300 tests. I think I need a bigger cycle. All right. So one of the things, this is not entirely strictly to. But what you've got to understand is that when you start getting north of 50, the potential for muscle growth does reduce quite significantly. Strangely, strength seems to still continue in quite a decent old-wood spiral. But, well, static old man strength. Yes, but starting to put muscle size on those later years is getting harder. So a lot of the big 50 and 60 year olds that you see competing in Masters now are because they were previously very big and they've managed to maintain and hold it. Yeah. Having said that is not impossible, but it is more challenging. And it's not just because of hormones, everything downstream from that is older. Your kidneys are older, your heart's older, your liver's older, your cellular death rate has increased, your aging, everything's aging. So as a result, growth does become more challenging. My compound wise had a lot depends on you. Deckers definitely something worth considering or MPP at a low dose for therapeutic type setup with some joint support and some bone density support. Test mast, yeah. I don't see any big issues there. I seem to find that older guys do seem to tolerate gear better. I don't know why. But like side effect wise, let's get stuff like that. Yeah. Yeah. I've seen to have a lower levels of eastern June conversion and they just generally seem to be able to cope with higher doses better. But then they tend to need higher doses to get any sort of form of progress. So I think it's a, yeah, it's catch 22 with that. Also, there's that compromise of that they're not going to be inherently as resilient in healthy as a 25 year old that's running a bunch of gear. You know what I mean? Yeah. Yeah. That's right. Yeah. And I would, things I would be a bit more wary of is stuff like cardiovascular implications from stuff like lipids and from stuff like blood thickening. Yeah. Because obviously, at the back end of your life, arterial plaque does become more of a concern and it's not particularly easy to know where you are unless you can get an geogram. So I would definitely be more wary of that side of things and make sure that those things are on point. And if you have the ability to get an end geogram, get one. I'm going to sleep. Well, bless you, Dave. I can't save the queen. Thank you. I thought you might respond to that. Yeah. She's dead. Oh, I know. But King, God save the King. It's going to be a change. Yeah. It's going to be a change. Yeah. It's going to be a change. No, but he changes to God save the King if we've got a male model. Yeah. It doesn't sound like having the same ring though. You don't know me in. It's because he's being God save the queen for what? A.T. A.T. A.T. So listen, I am 100% with you on the hematical thing. I had seen it firsthand at the second, the last third of me pushing gear. My hematical just didn't want to come down like it used to. That said, I tended to stay on higher doses and between cycles. And I think I never really gave it a chance to come down. I see a lot of people that are running kind of high gear around. And you know what, man, a lot of the younger guys can get away with it. Like, they might be cruising on, you know, 250 tests, 350, 300 tests with 200, 300 tests with the same amount of tests. And like, they're hematical. It's just fine. A lot of guys that are like 40 getting into 50 getting beyond that, man. Like, yeah, it's a good chance you're going to have high hematical, you know. Well, you know, because you're that. Yeah, 57. So there's that. I did have somebody say, like, Scott, I am like 60 years old, I think he said. He was like, and you're in your 40s, man. He was like, you need to stop complaining about how old you are. I think he, I think that he maybe read that joke of us talking about how old I am as being like me really complaining. But I do feel 57 sometimes, Dave, some days. So yeah, cycle wise, what will we put together for somebody in this situation? He's only done. He said he competed. Guys been successful at the state level, running 300 milligrams of test only, man. So it sounds like he's well on his way to doing good, at least at the state level, you know? Yeah, I mean, he can definitely, he's definitely got sealing to all the dose. So there's no denying. I mean, even just test on his own from where he is, he could have the dose and probably do quite well. And I would consider something like Master MPP as the secondary compound. Maybe a tertiary compound. So do a 300 test, 300 master MPP money went to Friday. There you go, crack on, good little cycle. It's, I'd be comfortable staying under a gram from where he is now, but he could push up to those sort of levels with some, some good success. I mean, he won't know till he tries how, you know, his body's going to react to the higher doses with age factors concerned. Yeah, figure if he's been doing 300 and let's just say that the show just happened now, you know? So he has a year into the next show. That gives him a solid off season. I definitely give myself plenty of time to die it. So let's say six, seven months of growing, then five, six months of cutting into the show. And I'm not saying like out the gate six months out, you're doing an hour cardio, but you start cleaning things up, working on tightening things up. You'd have room to run in off season cycle, something like Dave was just mentioning and then from there into the show. Man, just 300 test 300 mast. And then like he said, maybe he mentioned it. He was like, do they do like, 300, do they do like test mast in an oral at the end or test pre-mode in oral the end. I think that would be a great move for him, you know? So it's a good shape. And what we haven't mentioned was the little message I sent you from my Chinese friend. Oh, yeah, well, let's get back to that after we wrap this segment because that is important isn't it? But yeah, a growth hormone, I think that the older we get, the more we might benefit from GPH. Definitely from a recovery point of view is just a general health wellness longevity angle, yeah, I fully with you on that one. So maybe some growth hormone through the off season into the prep in the off season. I wouldn't have a problem with low dose of insulin, pre workout, especially with your growth hormone. I think that that could potentially be of benefit. And yeah, you know, and here's the thing too, I think one more difference between young guys and old guys. I'm okay with doing like a, if it's the right person, some people they put on too much size and then it's too much work to get the fat back off. A lot of times for older guys, I don't want to push their body weight up as high as I would with a guy that is say 22, 27, you know, in that ballpark range. You know, so I would say, you know, still try to focus on keeping it tighter. You might not make massive 15 pounds of muscle gain progress between now and the show next year. But, you know, do what you can within reason, always remembering that you're still going to have to get yourself back in shape. You know, I wouldn't want to do like a hard, hard push up, you know, for in off season, for a guy who's competing at 50 or 60. So, all right. So what's your, what's your message you had, Dave? Oh, yeah, nothing too major. Kind of. Well, basically a cast, look, I got a reason. But I do, I am beginning to think that she genuinely doesn't know. That's in for what? Why the dish stopped? Why who stopped? Because nobody's, yeah. Why the people have stopped doing the thing that they do. She's causing the problem with the other thing, which is why we can't get the thing and we're having to look over things. Oh, thank you for being so clear with us. I really appreciate that. Rose, so I had a message from my little lady in China. Yeah. And basically, she said, she, they're all seemed to be, from what she's saying, they all seemed to be very much in the dark as to why the manufacturers have stopped it. But they generally feel that it's not going to be returned this side of Christmas. But they say it's not affecting peptides. So now I don't know that includes GH. Yeah. But I have seen there being issues with GH getting to each other in some places. Others are fine. Yeah, so that might just be, you know, market fluctuations. But she's saying she doesn't, they are currently saying they don't see the return of raw production until after the New Year. Oh, huh. That's not good. And a small broad spectrum as well. So it's going to start affecting over compounds as well. Yeah, I have heard. We've had people who've listened and that they've responded and message me DM to me and said, hey, here's a message from my source. And they're saying, yeah, we're short on a lot of things. We're expecting to get in like these two products. But it's going to be unlimited quantities. And I'm seeing prices go up. So there is that happening. Is it the end? No. Can we still do what we need to do? Absolutely. Maybe you might have to do it in a little bit different way. I'm sure there's going to be a lot less dependence on pre-moan master. Now for instance, you know? Yeah, I mean at the end of the day, if you're truly in this game for the game, then a lack of drugs beyond being else as a poor yourself, T.R.T. wise shouldn't stop it. Because if you're in this game for the game, you're in it because you enjoy training. You enjoy the lifestyle. You enjoy the challenges that that brings. Yes, drugs are a fundamental factor of it. But you can still do it without them short term until these problems get resolved. Beat three, six months down a lot. And you can find other compounds to do the same thing, really. For what I'm hearing, it might start to affect all combat. Yeah, I got you. But I mean, we have enough time that people could still stock up on at least, you know, the things they know work outside of the stuff that are already terrible. The return of the decorum, the cycle is that way you say, Hey, I don't say it now, man. Aquipoise has always been my thing. I would stock up on EQ and I would definitely stock up on Winstrel. If I were to stock up on one thing for a competitor, would be Winstrel. In fact, I'm using it with a couple people right now who are having a more difficult time finding this. There are these PhDs. I actually have a real world impact on physics on stage. It could. Yeah. If it gets as bad as they're sort of talking about, it might get. This could really actually have a real world impact on what we're seeing on stages. Somebody message me saying that it's like a major, like in prison sentence to be manufacturing Primo in China without the right paper work to back you up. Well, I would say from what I'm hearing, he's got nothing to do with Primo and Massey. It was just those with the early ones and he's to do with Unabolic's in general. Well, now I don't know that's true. This is all second and information. I've no way of clarifying anything. Mine too. You know, all I can do is pass on what I hear. But I don't know, is the only sense of, but I have over people start reporting that finding old compounds are getting difficult to get old of. Yeah. And I have every time we do talk about this, there is always at least one guy in the chat that says, you know, I haven't had any problems with my source has everything on hand. And you know what, there are still sources that do have things that I've seen good sources because I've done some digging that are not carrying certain products. And then I've seen sources that are saying, hey, yep, we've got it. But everything is $15 more now per bottle or sources that are like, you know, we're seeing like, mmm, things that were like the cost of like 80 bananas are now going up to like 170 bananas. That's a lot of bananas. That is, right? That's big bananas. I know. I know. And I just tell Barbara working with people and we had bananas in there diet. I would find another fruit. I mean, aren't I saying? Well, couldn't we do, you know, instead of paying 80 bananas and going up to 170 bananas, what about 120 bananas and 20 coconuts? Yeah, exactly. There's that too. Yeah, three pineapples. Yeah, just add three pineapples to the... What is the highest value fruit? I'm a wind stroke. That's not a fruit. Yeah, no, I'm with you. 100%. Man, we got a studio chat here too. There we go. There's our last one. As long as they don't stop asking for a vacados, honorable fucking... You don't like avocado? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? I think we have guac... Yeah. They have guacamole, they're do not eat guac. No. You don't like guac... Why would that take Florida Street, uh, oasis, and consume it as a food source? Why is she oasis? You do... It does look pretty on the plate, doesn't it? That green shit that you stick flowers into the whole's moisture if you've seen it. Oh, that's not guacamole. You haven't had guacamole. No, no. We've got to bring you... That's... That's the equivalent of avocado. All right. Oh. Avocado is disgusting. Okay. Well, guys... Not if you don't... You can't see it. Come in below. If you don't like it... It's in the same category as Marmai. I... I don't know what that is, either. You've had a veggie, Marmai, I mean you. Yeah, oh yeah, I have. I bought a bottle in Australia, brought it home. I still haven't tried it yet. Yeah, well, Marmai is a yeast version of that. All right. You haven't got enough stuff here. We have a couple more topics. Somebody had asked us, and I don't know if we have an answer for this one, man. But he said, how do I... What compounds are best to achieve that 3D look that I see bodybuilders have? I don't like the sort of discussions because I know Drows can have some influence on how I've as he looks in the sense of its finish. But... I mean, you're looking at fullness if you're looking for a 3D look, so I would say things like GH, Astral, OX here. Things that are going to keep you very full. Well, I'm going to give you that pop look. Super draw. That's what you... Okay, he said Astral, and I was thinking, EST... Like... Get got shot. I got you. I got you. It's got a struggling with age. We are looking at care homes for him. What? Shelter housing, something of that nature, you know? All right. But it's going to have to be government funded because the podcast doesn't pay enough to put me in a hole. So there. Yeah, well, yeah, you're useless, folks. Let me down with a bloody supercharger, so you definitely don't have to be paid for Scott Scarrow, Maya. Dave's driving at regular speed. I'm living in a box in my older... Exactly. Yeah. A regular speed sucks. All right. So I think a lot of it is genetics, man, and then getting in good shape. You know what? You get in shape, and here's the thing, if you haven't been into incredibly peeled shape before, you get into like... You get the surface fat off, right? And then you're like, oh, I see my abs. I see everything is out, but there's still more, you know, you still continue to push down. You start getting rid of the fat between the muscles. And when you get rid of that, that's when you develop that 3D look, assuming you have the muscle to show. But regardless, no matter how much muscle you have, the leaner you get, the more 3-dimensional you look when you're full. I would argue Dave that any steroid is going to give you that 3D look if we were in shape. And, of course, there's genetics, right? Dude, some guys have just like... Like you look at their quads, and they just have like, from the hip down to the knee, just billows out in a crazy sweep. Another guy is kind of have straight up and down-shaped quads, and there's nothing you could do about that, you know? No, the only thing as well is things like insulin sensitivity are going to play a factor here as well. If you're nice and insulin sensitive, you know, when you put carbs in you are going to be full, you're going to fill out. If you're a bit blown, that the fact is not going to be as dramatic. Yeah. Okay. So we got another question, another topic. This is when that came from Patreon, actually. And we've asked it on all the shows now, I think. And the gist of it is, is, will the development of drugs like the, the, the GLPs, and SLU, remove the mental struggle of dieting to better manage hunger levels in prep will this take away from the achievement of getting into condition and will it alter the sport. So we've asked everybody else, I want to get your opinion on that one too. I honestly don't know. I have two trains of thought and I haven't yet come to a conclusion of which one I favor. So there's two elements to me to, to, to, to, to, to, to be, bodybuilding. There's muscular mass. Right. And there's condition. There's, there's presentation is, is stuff that you're talking about competition, but there's muscular mass in this condition. Now both require effort, both require sacrifice and for some people, they do find one or the other easier. Yeah. For me personally, muscular mass was easier. Wasn't easy, but it was easier than condition. Now, having said that, part of stepping on stage or being lean, and I mean, when I say lean, I mean, truly lean. So single digit percentage, you know, properly lean. Proper part of the badger honor of that is being enabled to endure the hardship it takes to get there. I like that. That's that's it. That's part of the achievement. Well, it is it is difficult. It's challenging both physically and mentally. Yeah. Now, with the introduction of things like GLP ones, you still have the physical side of things. You're still going to suffer the fatigue. You're still going to be drained. You're still going to be tired. But the mental aspect of craving and such like doors become substantially easier. How easier? I don't know, because I've not been through it, and I haven't spoke to anyone that's actually being through it, but it definitely will make it easier. Yeah. Is that take away from the achievement? Yes. In one train of thought, I would say it does. It does mean that if a guy standing on stage, you don't know now to what level has he endured to get there. But at the same time, my brain goes, it's a tool. Just like test is, just like decarers, just like anything else is, it's available. Why wouldn't somebody use it? And I don't see there being something wrong in using it. Because you could always say, well, then what about someone who uses testosterone over someone who's a natural, does the achievement of muscle mass in testosterone take away, is that a lesser achievement than someone who's natural as grown muscle. And I would say, well, no, because in that scenario, the result is more extreme. Yeah. With condition, there is an end point where it isn't going to get particularly more extreme. So, part of me says, yes, it does take a little bit away from the achievement, but I don't think it's going to be substantial. And part of me is, look, it's a fucking tool. Use it. Why wouldn't you? Why would you not use something that's going to help you achieve your goal when you're already in the marketplace to do that? Yeah. Yeah. That's the way I see it. I'm in that camp, man, and especially for people who like people who are like naturally, you know, a husky boy growing up, you know, you're going to have a harder time getting a change than me. Like, I had a, I had an easier time. I think then some getting into shape, but then also I had a thing in my brain that allowed me to do whatever it took with the diet, kind of like, maybe like there was a couple of wires that weren't connected properly. And that let me die at really hard, you know, I didn't need the GLPs to do that, but I'm all for it, man. You know, if it, and if we can reduce your stress level, you know what I'm saying, so that now you're not like, quote unquote, suffering as much. Maybe you get a better quality sleep. That's going to help you overall lower cortisol, better fat loss. And just in general, have a better experience, keep your mood a little bit better. And you know what, Dave, although, yes, you are still on low calories and you are suffering, quote unquote, or you're in discomfort. Compounds like redda with the GLUKA gone release, you're actually improving, like you can keep better stable blood sugars, you know, while you're still pushing hard, and maybe not even feel quite as much fatigue as you would have. But there's a limit too, you can't want it all. If you bluntly start, you're also unable to eat. You get to stand it and you know what I mean? Yeah, it's not. It's not going to shut it off completely. They're still going to be an element of hardship and achieving condition. And I said, let's, this is potentially where the future is going in the sense that we're going to have a chemical root for both muscular growth. Particularly if we get my assignment, if it is working correctly, there's also the genetic manipulation side of things, which is real. I mean, it is there. It is in development. Will it become commercially viable? Cobb knows, I mean at this point, it would be ridiculously expensive to have your genes fiddled with. But, scottle for all your genes for free. That was wait for something. Yeah, you know, you know, it's going in there. Yeah. But, you know, but are we going to see, I mean, is it going to be in the future that we're going to see such extreme physics, like almost AI relative generated style physique because of the influence of drugs and is that ultimately in the pursuit of finding chemicals that enhance physique? Are we going to undo the process of of bodybuilding itself because it just becomes a chemical game rather than any physical effort because, you know, when you start looking at my assignment, it is, you start removing the needs we even train. Yeah, I don't know, man. But, you know what, there are people who would argue that bodybuilding has already died that, you know, once Dorian Yates showed up, people literally said that they saw Dorian and they're like, oh, he destroyed bodybuilding. He ruined it. But I wonder, and it's been a slow progression, sense of crazier and crazier than we had Ronnie and like, look at Naxilla now, like that guy is just freaky out of this world. The people who said that Dorian ruined bodybuilding, what would they have to say about Naxilla, you know, or big Romney guys like that? It's like, yeah, Nick Walker. Nick Walker, another example. Yeah, yeah, you take the Dorian Yates era, you drop Nick Walker into that first call out and like, what would happen? Yeah. Yeah. They just like, you know, through their hats out and say through the college. Yeah, that's it. Do you think it could potentially divisionalize in the same way that we've divisionalized with open a natural, do you think we could see a divisionalization where there's natural old school drugs? New school drugs. The, the, the, I, B, B would have to have then recognized and admit that there's drugs to begin with. So I don't know. I think there is a half like legal game in there of being like, you know, guys, yeah, I got to do, you know. I get that. I just wondered if it would ever get to a point where there was, you know, like we've, we've got the enhanced games coming with sports. What would we get to a point whether it be a secondary tier of competition for drug users? Yeah. Because of the more extreme drugs that would potentially be available. Yeah. I think the enhanced games is doing it wrong, by the way. They're trying to push so hard into these drugs. They, they juiced up this guy, the swimmer. And then they said, oh, he's going to blow everybody away. And then he got to heavy and bulky and a different swimmer beat him. So, you know, there, there are limitations still to those drugs. So I think that they need to enhance games. You guys need to retool just a little bit. Some of your ideas may not actually align with the reality of how PEDs work. But they'll figure it out. I'm sure they've got some of the way to bug your sides. It goes back to that tool job. Doesn't it use in the right tool for the right job and put in 20 pound of muscle on a swimmer who's not necessarily the right job? Oh, God. Yeah. Because they've got to cut through war and cut through it fast. So, yeah. I think the next, I mean, I know the thing will be around to see it. But I think the next 2030 year in physical manipulation is going to be very interesting. We're going to be around in 30 years. We're still going to be doing the show. I'm not. I'll be looking for a 10. All right. Let's see. We got a bunch of listener questions and you guys are welcome to take part as long as you put questions in, we'll keep doing the show. So if you put questions in for the next 30 years, Dave and I will continue to do the show for 30 years. God, can you imagine me and you sat in gray and you know, wisdom? Well, I'm already getting grayish. So you know, it's a good, I can picture it. Yeah. I'd be 80, you'd be nine to him. Just sat there like with no teeth, drooling on his cells. It's wondering if we've best as bad as I know. How is that different than the episodes we do now? That's true. Yeah. Almost admit, if I wake up in the morning, I haven't beat myself in a night. It's a good night. Oh, all right. Listen, we do have a bunch of listener questions. Let's dive into these. 32 years old and thinking of hopping on a low dose of test. 250 to 350. Life time natural. He's had a 530.lift, 345 bench, 440 squat, 6 foot, 200 pounds. How much will my numbers go up? Okay. So we were asked the other day how much can I gain on a first cycle? Pretty much the same question except for how much stronger will I get? Based on where he is, I suspect quite a bit. Yeah. He's a strong dude. He is because obviously what he's doing is working and he's developed to a decent level of strength, particularly as a natural athlete. So I think when you start to add the magic source, he's going to be impressed. Yeah. I think the could see some, I think this is a typical example of someone who's got it right in the sense of the got the train in the day at right. So now when we add the chemicals, the combination is going to be great at another sum of the parts here and I think he's going to see some quite impressive gains. What actual numbers would be? No idea. But I would expect to see some big numbers coming soon. He's a he adds, it might sound dumb but I'm scared to lose my hair and get guy know. That's the only reason that I haven't ever hopped on yet. So I mean. Don't make. Shave your head and wear a bra. Fuck it. You'll be fine. You'll be strongest. Yeah. They don't get him. I think the better educated he is going in, the better he can adjust. The better he can control estrogen. And I mean if hair loss is such a concern and it's important enough to him. I mean he could go in and see how it works. I don't think you're going to lose all your hair if it's a cycle but if you wanted to continue using gear, it may be not a bad idea to consider finastery. But the finaster I topical minoxidil and then that tends to be like the lease offensive to your body way of using those products versus the internal. I think that you're dealing with like some sort of localized, rather than system-wise it's definitely a better approach for those two comebacks. Hey guys, love the show. What do you think of the idea of attacking multiple growth pathways on cycle to help eliminate risks and sides while still getting good results for example, test as high as possible without needing an AI. 10 milligrams of yK11 for milestone in Hubitian and 25 milligrams of mk67 for growth hormone pathways. Thank you. You might start inhibition is a lot of ballads yK11 is going to be no more than inhibition of my standing on a ballic so I'm fucking bother wasting your money without shit. Why use mk unless you need it for the appetite just fucking use growth. But then again it's not a growth pathway so recovery pathway so. Well that's going to be a great growth. Yes you do, but it's not a direct action is my point. So you're not really approaching multiple pathways they all sort of run into the same process. And I don't really think you're gaining anything from combining them. I could see the mk being useful, particularly from an appetite point of view. Obviously you've got to watch that insulin resistance that does seem to be very person dependent of non people or an mk and have no problems of no people take 25 milligrams and be mess with it. So it still seems to be very much an individual thing. But yeah I don't see, I understand where the thought process is coming from but I think the reality of it is you're not doing anything that's going to really light the fire when it comes to growth. Sticks amount of oxygen, train hard, eat well. I all means have some form of GHB it through a second. I'm not even going to suck. I can't say either. Well you say the word. I can't say the word. Secretive GARG. Thank you. Some of these are brain just go secretary to every time I go to see the open one. I can't get out of that. So yeah, be it that or be actual GH. But I think GH would be a viable addition. We're running test at a level that doesn't require an AI. Why what's wrong with the AI? Yeah, there's that. I'm a bit confused why AI is already an issue. Yeah, their voice. Oh, you're fucking idiots, read to us. I'm gonna fuck the talk in a while. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. His voice and let's take. Sorry, they are not very intelligent individual. Yeah, we can't use that word. We're not allowed to. Yeah, we'll just leap it out when you do the editing. Yeah, do you realize though that that's a week from now when I edit this Dave and I'm supposed to remember where Dave said the bad words. Yo, a professional. All right, I hit the mark button. We'll see if that works. You know what, he does have a point though because if you could, I'm with you man, he should go watch the episode that Scott Stevenson and I did about MK677. There are potential benefits for a special population of individuals. But if you're already healthy and producing good levels of growth hormone, you may not get anything from it. So there is that, you know, yes. Question triggered by the slowly hungry night. If you were older and therefore natural GH had reduced, my personal thoughts are wouldn't you be better going down the exogenous GH, rather than trying to stimulate a failing system. Also I would like to ask him this. He says, so he says, I'm older. So I like the secreticog. Sarah Morellen is the one that I've been on for general wellness. I would be curious to know what he's paying for that because the only, so Sarah Morellen, I'm going to go back Dave to 2010 and you know, peptides were getting popular. GH releasing peptides were getting popular and by 2012 or so we were all talking about I.P.M. and HECSA Rowland. GH, RP6 and GHRP2. Nobody was talking about Sarah Morellen anymore because it was a generation one secreticog. Like over 20 years old, you know, at this point. And we found that it wasn't that beneficial. But in the last five years, tier T clinics have been marketing it because they can sell it and they can sell it for a price that you will purchase versus if they were to tell you, hey, your growth home is going to cost you 1200 a month. You're going to, you know, you're going to have a, you know, a fit. You're not going to pay that, but you will pay for the Sarah Morellen because it's a lot cheaper, but it is not nearly as beneficial. Not even close, not by a long shot, not even compared to the generation two secreticogs. So that would be my argument against it is very expensive for what you're getting, you know, he's buying you, Gio. Oh, 100. It was. Yeah, then he should definitely buy a better secreticog, you know what I'm saying? He's a spending 100 bananas 100 bananas. All right. Yeah, I would go with it. I would definitely, they'll just check it out, man. Look into the other secreticogs if that's the route you want to go. Yeah, but so anyway, MK677, it's not something that's going to be necessarily beneficial long term. But I do think he's onto something in general, the idea of not just using leaning into one button. You'll have multiple buttons that you can press and there is going to be some synergy there of not maybe not, like, like, you know, not needing to use as much of one thing if we can kind of hit things from different angles. So absolutely, if you're using a couple different steroids, then you know, you could get higher levels without getting the same level as side effects if you just use more tasks, you know. All right, what else do we have? Does T3 burn muscle even at 1.5 grams of gear or is it dose dependent? Well, how much to E3? I'm a views and 25 micrograms. It's effectively a replacement dose. I wouldn't expect any negatives if you're using a hundred. And it might start to be problems as body fat skates, particularly low. Yeah. Yeah, that'd be my thought too. You know, the police says he adds it to the after that he says, 75 mics a day, the upper limit of effectiveness, like most coaches suggest. I mean, I would say it's person and environment dependent at the end of the day. I've never been one for this predetermined dosing, you know, where are you have to run X or you have to run Y? Because you might find with someone who's just genetically that way, you know, they start a day to start a court and they never need to go over 25 because they're just losing well without it. But you get a lot of people that will go, I'm going on T3 so I need to put 50, you know, I need to put 75 and Y start. See, what it does and adjust from there. Yeah. Yeah. I'd start as low as possible with T3, you know, make sure that everything else is tuned up. I don't think you necessarily ever in a position where you need to run it that high. Generally, what you'll find is if you get it too high, you can't get full, you can't get pumps. You know, it's very counterproductive to everything bodybuilding related outside of the fat loss aspect. And yeah, it is, it is not just a fat burner. It's an everything burner. So yeah, I would say that no matter how much gear you're taking, if you turn the T3 up too high, you will run into an issue, Scott, brother, I got a slightly awkward question. I eat well and quite a lot, but I often go up to two weeks without a proper ball movement. And I poo, it's really painful and intense. I think it might be connected to my past issues with anorexia. Just wondering if you have any knowledge around this, since you guys have an understanding of health from real world experience, not just textbooks, and curious what to do and how to get to the toilet more often, any advice would be much appreciated. If the number one thing I tell people in this situation is, I ask them is what's their water intake? Because you need to have water in the intestines to be able to have a bomb movement, that water works to lubricate the stool. Number two is making sure you have enough fiber. Actually, that's one A and one B. You need five of those things. Five, but I mean, everything I would say is fats as well. Okay. And even if you don't, let's say your fats are low. If you get that fiber in the fluid up enough, say you're dieting on a low fat diet, but I agree with you fats will be lubricating too. And then my number two would be magnesium citrate as a stool softener. And a lot of people will tell me, oh, I'm already taking magnesium, but magnesium citrate doesn't absorb. It literally just goes through and helps you to add more water to your stool. You can try mercury. That does that as well. Mercury does. Oh, I don't know if we can suggest that to the people, Dave. I don't know if that does that have any size, any size? Oh, yeah. So I've heard of it being done. I've never seen it being done, but if you put a small drop of mercury in a drink, and someone drinks it, they will evacuate themselves incredibly quickly. Oh, it goes straight through. My dad told me they used to in school. They would like break a thermometer open to get the mercury out and then they play with it on their desks. Yeah, I mean, the obviously mercury poison is a concern, but yes, it will evacuate you immediately. Yeah, let's not do that. I mean, instant, please. We've got other options before we get to the mercury poisoning option. Yeah, those would be my first thoughts, though. And, you know, make sure you're getting plenty of green veggies in there. You know, if you're not, don't just throw in a bunch at once because your body might not react well to them, but start working them in. I'll tell people, you know what, like some guys that work with me day if they like, I don't like green veggies, and they'll say, well, just work in like a half a cup of green veggies, something that doesn't give you gas two times a day, maybe green beans. And that's like literally four bites each time you can do it, you know. I struggle with veg cold. I must admit, I always found veg cold, very unpleasant, but I don't mind veg when he's warm. Okay. I've sent you a message on what's up. Okay. Do I need to read that right now? Yes, I think so. Okay. Yes. All right. Cool. Let me ask you this next question. Thanks, Scott, for passing it in my regards to Dave. Oh, I don't know what this means. Maybe you'll get it. Just a quick question. When you upload, the, oh, he says when you upload the episode to Spotify, can you add the video to it and can you use the exact name that you use on YouTube? You know what? I'm trying to work on the video thing now, long story. But since we've been doing this for so long this before video was available and I kind of have to redo the whole thing. Also, too, how about this one, Dave? Any thoughts on this? I'm 65 years old. Test, Deca, EQ, in mass for 10 weeks. My blood is good. Food is good. It says I, one way, 140, high metabolism, been working out since I was 15. I competed in powerlifting and bodybuilding. I just wanted a boost. I've been about a year now since I ran a, as per anus cycle that was tested in Deca, 200 milligrams a week. If he's still in those sort of doses like 200 milligrams of eight compound, I don't, I don't, I don't have any emergency concerns with that. It just, just dosing would be the only fact that I'd be interested in where he's going to be with that. Okay. But I mean, I don't have any issue with the compounds. Maybe two is slightly different in, I don't know, I don't know if I would start with EQ and then drop in to say MPP instead of Deca or if I would run the EQ and the Deca together. I mean, there's no conflict situation or anything like that. For some reason, I've got a little bit of hesitation about putting the two together and I don't know why, because I don't think there is any reason for not to. All right. How about this one? Question for the next episode. There seems to be a trend in people adding additional estrogen to their cycles. Why would anybody want to do that? Love the show, thanks. I've no heard of this. Of you? Really? Yeah. Okay. Yeah. It's been not a huge man, but I've mentioned that there's a guy I'm working with who's from Europe. So I don't know if it's like a European thing, but I don't think it's isolated there because we've talked about it once or twice on the show. And as a result, this client of mine, he's talked about doing it and then a few people have DM to me. Guys that are using literally exogenous injectable estrogen and they're coupling that with their cycles, guys that don't or Rome. In some cases, it's guys that don't aroma ties much. And I've worked with a few of these guys, where no matter what we do, we have to be really careful because they just don't produce enough estrogen. So they might use a very, very low dose, two milligrams, three milligrams a week. And that's exactly what this client of mine did. So he ran a DACA-only cycle. I can't remember what his dosing was, but I think it might have been a little bit on the higher end. And then he ran that with, like, I think it was three milligrams a week of an injectable astradile. I can see it's being useful in a situation where you genuinely don't aroma ties. I'm just curious, is to some of these people running estrogen on top of anti-esrogenic compounds. Yeah. We then sort of like why just don't run the anti-esrogenic compounds. But yeah, I mean, definitely if someone has low-eachage, it doesn't convert it to solid rate, then there would be benefit to, I didn't end from both, broke from a progress point of view, I'm from a health point of view. Yeah, I've never done it. But I could consider it. I've made sure that we have, we're careful with drugs that would cause low estrogen. I've never had an issue with that. A couple people we've experimented with a low dose of mint. I was going to say the other thing would be looking at something like minted, the Ebola, as a background or as just as an estrogen generating compound. Yeah. Yeah. The Ebola would be another good one, low-low dose, just a few milligrams really. Now, I have a question that I don't know the answer to, and I don't know if you do, or if you can ask clever Scott about it. We haven't spoke about Clevver Scott for a while. Yeah. So, Debal converts us synthetic estrogen, it's not biodeinical to what we would normally produce. Yeah, it's like a methyl estrogen. Yeah. Does that have any significant impact in the way it acts in the positive mechanisms that is the estrogen has within the body? I don't know, honestly. I don't know. Yeah, I don't know either. Yeah, it's obviously going to be more effective on the negative stuff, right? Deep. You're in the coming past it, yeah. Yeah, past it. I was reading blunt force, Tanya. The difference though, Tanya, is that your test levels are substantially quite low. So, conversion of testosterone to estrogen in a female is not going to be any way near the level of testosterone conversion to estrogen in a male. Because the test dose is going to be low plus your primary hormone is estrogen, which is why you have to supplement it. Yeah, for females too, a lot of people think like, oh, you can use testosterone as a female and to get your estrogen. But really women don't want to romanticize the way men do. No, they don't. And obviously, dosen is going to be significantly lower unless you want to have quite high level of immunization. Yeah. All right. Do you think I need a blood pressure medication when my BP is 135 over 70? No. Yeah, I think he's all right with that. I would just lie stall up. Yeah, I mean, in the bottom number is 70. So if he was like 135 over 90, then I would be a little bit more concerned too. You know what I mean? Yeah, no, I agree. But I think he could lie stall that, you know, a bit of cardio is the final. Yeah, I can think that it's considered to like stage one high blood pressure because it's over the 120 mark, but it's not to the point where it would be a health problem. But it would definitely be something you'd want to keep your eye on too, you know. If it's like that off cycle, and now you're going to go into a off season phase where you're adding a bunch of water and all that. What's going to happen to it then, you know. The dynamic between Scott and Dave is special. And comes across as genuine even if you don't do gear, it's all good knowledge. Thank you, Mr. Widebody, no wide boy. Especially in the window looking kind of why I don't know what he means by special. We did get another comment that was kind of... Ray on eating special. Yeah, what do you say there? Oh, there was a few that I missed here, but yeah, somebody said something about our dynamic. And how would he remind me of his, their buddies? He said something about like that they give each other crap, and that's how they let each other know that they like them. Yeah. I just give Scott crap because he's a dick, but I mean, if he makes you sleep better at night thinking that we do have a relationship and I like him. That's fine. That can go with up. Jens, could you please share that top five steroids that are the most damaging to sperm and male fertility? I'm 33 years old and I do not have any children yet. So I really want to minimize the risks as much as possible and hopefully be able to have at least one kid in the future. Thank you for all the valuable education that you provide. You have my full support by subscribing, watching, and liking the comments. Thank you very much. Mentor and Ducca, let me tell you. Oh yeah. What about yeah, 19 Norse or you saying in general? Well, effectively, but yeah, I actually did it because they are all significantly impriments for a brutal on on sperm. Yeah. Then I'm struggling about that to be honest. I don't know where I would go from there. Yeah. Yeah, I would say anything that's going to be bio-identical that your body produces is probably going to be. I'm going to say not safe. You know what I'm saying? Let's yeah. Yeah. Also though, he's 33 years old. So how much more time does he have to have kids? Yeah, pull your finger out. You come on, what are you playing now? You're 33. You're life together, the start of family. Come on. Now sell the time. Sell down. Find that special lid. Yep. Stop using your hand. Okay. Brown burner. So this is from Patreon. So it's important we take care of him. He says, upcoming cycle, looking to do 16 to 20 weeks cycle, and that was in test. 600 EQ and 200 trend. First time on trend, cycle goal is off-season growth focus. I'm also going to run six I use of GH. I'm mostly worried about the support all need. EQ can blunt estrogen, but is an AI, is an AI recommended. And it's the first time I'm running trend. I wouldn't run trying for 16 weeks. Even though it's a low dose, I would, if you're going to want to put it in, I'll put it in on the back end of the cycle with the estrogen management. You're just going to have to test and see. Yeah. I'd say week five weeks six would be where I'd probably test the estrogen. It might be left putting no vdex in just as because of the estrogen. It's the one that's the get. So if we've got no vdex in there, at least we've got some protection against Guy. No. I'm going to wait five weeks six. You can check and see where your estrogen levels are. Yeah. I would do something pretty similar. I would always want to make sure that I, and I wrote back to him too on Patreon to say, Hey, here's my breakdown. And I had suggested, yeah, just check estrogen around five, six weeks in. See where you're at and get that scaled away set set aside and done before you start the trend. So if you're doing a 16 week cycle, get that first six weeks to kind of get the levels built up, right? Before you start the trend, find out where your estrogen is, get that sorted. And then that last eight weeks at the trend in. I wouldn't want to, I wouldn't, I wouldn't want to start my cycle peak out. Like with all the compounds only to then remove it and do a little bit less for the last eight weeks. You know what I mean? No, not, not on the 16 week. I would probably stage it. Yes, I think, I think there is definitely argument for an increasing or accumulating cycle plan. All right. Scott is ridiculous with these peptides. He feels everything. Stop. Most peptides are insignificant. You sensitive soul, I used to go. What's sensitive boy, Dave? You are sensitive boy. I will tell you this man, I've been pretty damn sensitive to that SS31. We had, we had somebody who asked, they said, well, can you tell us more? And really, I can't because I'm still just in the, like literally been on it for a week. But I worked up starting at 500 micrograms. Yes, me how much I'm taking. 500 micrograms. I'm up to one milligrams per day now. I forgot it. Day before yesterday. And I could tell the difference in my energy levels. But it is, I'm definitely like, I'm all peaked out, Dave. I have a child, I want to set a challenge for you. Okay. TNT is a port's a test level of no more than 800 NGDL for a month and nothing else. That is not sound like a fun challenge. That actually sounds like my all of 2021 to 2023. Like that was my life was very at that. Dude, sometimes I forget to take my shot and I had to get labs done. My test was like 300. But I'm all peaked out now. I will say that I do think that SS 31 is beneficial. And I'm starting to put pieces together about if you're, if you're getting increased, increase mitochondrial function and number through SLUP332. And you're getting enhanced cleanup, you know, any accident, basically affect from SS 31. And I felt like there was maybe a higher need for any accidents in, like the quenching of free radicals. Then, you know, I think that there's, I think we're kind of like, there's a one plus one thing going on here that could be a benefit to these. So they would be greater than the sum of their parts is what you are saying. I think so. Also, too, I mentioned to him in the comments that I tried, that what is that five amino M1Q, dude, I got nothing from that. I talked about that on Blood Sweat and Gear, like, if something doesn't work, I'm going to be the first to tell you. And I've had a bunch of people experimenting with SLU, and they've gotten a lot from it. So to him. How do you increase SSHBG when you get symptoms, I guess, of low SSHBG? Well, symptoms are you getting. I told you that when mine gets too low, I just feel super worth arctic. And like, you know, I'm not, I'm not disputing that there are symptoms associated with super low SSHBG. I just curious is to whether those, is that it or is something else that's driving these symptoms before you start trying to increase SSHBG? Yeah. Asked for Jen? You would see an increase in SSHBG, yeah. No, would you see an increase in an SSHBG with higher estrogen? So there's that. Let your estrogen come up. That would be my thought. Also, what compounds, if you're using things like mass pre-mo get rid, right? It's going to be more adulthood of SSHBG. No provider on sort of a thing, get rid. Yeah. So there's a few things. Yeah, each snotsomely is easy to bring up to be fair. It's not usually a problem for most people. Not very often I have people that report issues with low SSHBG, unless they are down into single digits. Yeah. And that's where I've had issues. And my will get crushed, I heard that. It's also interesting to see that people with high SSHBG on a TIT basis tend to have low estrogen. Yeah. Yeah. Because there's just no, there's not the same level of free flow and tests for a rheumatoid to attach to. Hmm. How about this one? Anything that you can suggest you says, I wanted to know, what can I do for joint pain? I'm 53 years old and only on TIT 200 milligrams a week and my joints are killing me. So several things to look at and I don't want to sound in solving anyway, I'm not intended to be. But one thing is where is your estrogen level? Is it TIT? Yeah. So, and thing is this something physical that's causing or aggravate in the joint pain, is this something you do? Is there a form of exercise? Or whatever you do job? Anything that could be actually aggravating the situation and causing the joint pain in the first place? Yeah. Because you get a lot of people that will complain about joint pain and look for a solution medically, but not consider that actually, maybe something they're doing is creating the joint pain in the first place. Yeah. Yeah. I was thinking they used to mean like you're training. Are you locking out on your exercise? Yeah. Yeah. So, you need to review that side of things as well. Stretching may help, supplementation may help. Strong actually do a decent, so joint support. Do that before? Yeah. I have been tried it. Do you have a constant recovery? Yeah. Do you know? Yeah. I'll tell you about it in a minute. Yes. So, glucose to me and can join MSM. They're not going to fix joint stuff, but they will add fluid to the joints and kind of sue them. Obviously, obviously, obviously, obviously one is a little bit of deck and MPP depending on where you are. Yeah. I've seen a few people slap, blind, they can't live without deck. Yeah. What was I going to mention to? Oh, Kirk Human. I like super bio-curcumin. It's a natural anti-inflammament. It's not going to do. It's not going to deal with inflammation the same way and said, well, it's going to be a healthier overall supplement and has other health benefits. Like for your cholesterol and stuff. That would help. Oh, my Rick. As well. Yeah. Well, that's Kirk Super Bio-Curcumin is the, the, what would you call it? It's, it's the, the isolated benefits from your tumor, you know? Yeah. And that Super Bio-Curcumin is like super digestible. It's in the bloodstream super fast. You want to take it on an empty stomach. Then I was trying to avoid saying decka because like everybody in the stomach was like, ah, run some decka barra. You know what I mean? Yeah, but the reality is I do know people that it has had a genuine added benefit. But I think you can be as low as 50 milligrams a week. Yeah. You know, I don't think you need to be. In fact, there was quite a lot of study in doing it around joint and injury support on doses that low. So I do think that there's merit in quite low doses. I don't think you said, you know, a lot of people like 100, 150, make it a thing. You need to go that high. Yeah. Unless you want to get real big in the process. Mm-hmm. Maybe not real big on 150, but here's that comment by the way, yes to the shorts idea. That was shorts of just me and you given each other crap. It says yes to the shorts idea. My group chat with close friends is 90% just roasting and needling each other. It's how we show we care about each other. I think that's all we had to if. I think that was all the questions. Good. Yeah. So I'm going to work on that Spotify thing. Like I said, man, we set up the Spotify lake. Dude, we've been doing this show since 2016. It's or so, maybe 17. It's a long time, man. Someone asked me the other day. I think it was right for you. Right. It kind of feels like, yeah, you know, four or five years. Something like that. You don't have any advice for us. I'm sure. We're done with that, aren't we? Well, yeah, I mean, unfortunately we offer this week anyway because I have lots of things going on. So I haven't given it any consideration. I will bring it back if people want to bring it back if we're not. If anybody ask, yeah, don't know. Nobody asks. I thought that they liked the segment, but then they nobody asked for Uncle Dave's list. Like we were supposed to, they were supposed to ask us questions that were, we were then going to bestow a little, a little nugget of Dave's. Of Dave, a little Dave nugget, you know, Uncle Dave nugget. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Dave's just leaving nuggets everywhere. That, that, that's quite big nuggets, that's a little nugget. Well, Dave, what, what's the update on your car? Which one? The truck. The truck is at the gearbox place. I spoke to them today. They haven't looked yet. What do you mean? I thought it was, it was in the shop months ago. No, no, right, okay, so we, the engines built, the engines gone back in. The tunes have gone in, the engines fired up. It won't select gear. We've gone through everything we can think of that might have been causing a non-degear selection. And we've come up with blanks. Yeah. So I've bit the bullet and sent it to a transmission price. It got picked up on Monday morning. The first truck turned up and it was too small. The second turn of truck turned up and it was too small. But the third truck was big enough to take it. Okay. So Dave had it since Monday afternoon. I spoke to them literally just before coming on the show. And they were like, look, we just thought it's not to get to it, but we'll get to it tomorrow. So hopefully, I can't see it being anything complex. I think it's going to be a module that's gone down or something like that. What about the speed truck that you're you're super not, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. Just making sure. So the one that needs the approach, I'll just give people I'll give me any money for. Do you need money? Yeah, that one. You got like $31 for that approach. Yeah, that might pay for a washer. You'll pay for a leader of gas. Isn't that about how much you guys, you guys do it by the leader, right? It might pay for some of the method all to go in the method of rejection. But yes, no. So at the moment, I'm waiting to solve these gearbox problem. Okay, I got you. Oh, shoot. There was one more I wanted to make sure we got an angry listener kind of reminded me of it. Because he said, is it is it common or possible for the body to get used to a carrier oil or compound where PIP each time is reduced? Like can you get, yeah, like can you get used to a particular brand? Yeah. The question was more about infections. I can't find it off hand, but basically, oh, here it is. Question for the next show. Do you know the difference between, how do you know the difference between an infection or an allergic reaction? I've been getting my gear from the same source for years. The stuff I got most recently had different labels on it and every shot just inflames me. The source is well known. I'm sure you guys know who it is. He said that this is impossible. All my stuff is tested. That's the only one, you're the only one to complain. And he thoughts, I just had an emergency room visit. My arm blew up from one of the shots that turned red. So first thing is, no, not always gears tested because he's not going to test every single file that goes out of door, so that's bullshit. Yeah. He may be actively testing batches, et cetera, but he's not testing every file. He could be a reaction to carrier oil, it could be a reaction to strength of the drug. You can technically be allergic almost to the compounds. I used to get massive swellings off test, particularly like test properties of Christ. If you're getting regular swellings that are then subduing, then it would suggest that it's not infection and it is reaction because infection wouldn't go away like that. Infection would stay and most likely worse. But you can trigger stuff like cellulitis. Yeah, yeah, there's that. So I've had serialized a couple of times off injections. And it's like a fake infection. It's not actually an infection, but your body's reacting like there is one. So there could be a couple of things going on. I would suggest smaller shots. Potentially try and see if it is one particular compound or if it's all compounds of it's one particular compound, then look at maybe combining it. So for argument, I used to walk my test down by combining it with deck. Right? Deck is a great one for that too, isn't it? Yeah, so that basically what was happening was the concentration of test per mill was less. Yeah, because it was more oil because there was oil that was carrying the deck. I had no issue with decker. So you can do things like that. Anti-Histamines can also help. But if you've been to casualty and they've told you it's not an infection, then obviously you're not getting infected. And if it wasn't an infection, it would be lasting. You will also find generally that with infections or contaminants, that you get a localized small lump that's red hot. Whereas with reactions, you get more generalized swelling. Like the whole thing. Yeah, over a great surface area that then becomes red and every time. Yeah. Yeah, that would be, I'd agree with all of that. I, I, man, but if you're getting that kind of reaction, it might be a good idea to find another brand now. You know, and I mean, like, he's, he'd had a hospital visit because of one of these shots. Like I'd be very, very pleasant to take that again. Very, very important question. The best chipy in the whole this field. What's a chipy? What's the best chipy? Was it a, was it a code? Harry Haywoods. What's a chipy? Dave? It's a fishing chip shop. Oh. Harry Haywoods on Manchester Road. Okay. Do they know you there? No. But the owner, I do know. But the owner doesn't particularly run the shop. And the owner is gorgeous George out of the film, snatch. Oh, no kidding. He was in the movie. Hmm. That was a good movie. Hey, where was the chip's place that you took me to? Remember we went to that was, it's correct, that's it. Yeah, you went to compost. You know, for that was a good man. Those are some, that was some good fishing chips. They've sold it. It used to be family owned and they sold it and it's not as good as it used to be. It was pretty decent. He's not now. On the way, say so right, but it's not like it was. That's one thing you guys do right over there, by the way, fish and chips. We do lots of things. Hmm. There's a couple of things I don't agree with, but we speak correctly. Oh, yeah. We don't know how to sell words correctly. W don't know how to pronounce things. Wild. No, yeah, we call it like that. W H I L E. You say, you say, wild ist. We also say, wild, yes, but you know, we pronounce aluminium correctly. We pronounce what's the source correct. Yeah, I do too. We're chest of the sauce. Yeah, Roy's sister cereals. Worcestershire sauce. Yeah, yeah, yeah, aluminium. We say that correctly. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. We can do it anymore. Hey, so I have a support max product. It's got Dave's name on it. Well, it says cross lands. Hmm. There was no ass on the under your name. I don't know if I don't get that to focus. He's not focused. He's not focused. That's support max isn't. Yeah, look at that. I had very little. I had not a huge amount of input on that to be for no. A little bit. A little bit. Well, they put your name on it for God's six. Yeah, we tweaked a few things. The rich rich came up with the concept and the price in and how it had to set in the sense of to be marketable and to be effective. Yeah, because then today, if you can't get people to buy it, it won't be effective. Yeah, he said he didn't want it to be more expensive than a bottle of trout, right? Yep, no. That was effectively the conversation we had. You get a little NSE at a little 60. You get a little bit of citrus burger mat. You get a little batin. You get a little bit of Tudka. Coins I'm Q10. Hawthorneberry, Daniline root. D3, magnesium, selenium. I mean, it's a nice, it's a nice little product to add on if you're on cycle on all around or kind of. Yeah, it's not going to be type and dosing of everything, but you're going to get a good product without taking a hundred pills per day and spending 200 dollars on it. You know what I mean? The idea was to have a cost-effective, effective products, both from a financial outlay and an effect on the body outlay. Could it be dosed more in certain areas? Yeah, of course it could. But that would have broke the price ban that it was looking to achieve. So I think for the money, you won't be if a value. Well, I talked to Dean who's running the US version of Strom. And he told me he said, like, we see support max. I'm opening this other one up now because I'm going to smell it. I want to see that smell. So like, you know what I mean? How vitamins different vitamins have a different smell to certain smells to him? He said that he saw support max is being kind of the, yep, smells like vitamins. He said that he sees support max as being like the foundational product. And then you could build off that like add the thrombome max to it, you know, on top of that. So I'm going to run this and see if it helps my himatic riddle because I could use always with my CPAP and my sleep apnea. I could always use hope with that. Yes, a good little, oh, Sarah Pepteys. I have to be careful with that. Sarah Pepteys is also in nanocyanis. Very good syrup Pepteys and not a nanobart, both really good for avoiding blood clots if your blood is thick. All right, well listen, you guys leave us questions for the next show. You guys did great this time. Most of you did. A couple of you guys, a little questionable, but we still love you. You guys are, we're glad you're with us. And we're glad everybody's watching the show. Dave, are you accepting new clients right now? Yeah. How do they reach out to you? I just threw the socials. Just don't make my social socials. What about pillars of gear? Are you still running that? September the first week at September, I'm looking at doing the next course. What is it? Your course. So six weeks, hour and a half, two hours a week, basically, so an overview of anabolic cycle design, reading bloods, that sort of stuff. Okay. Yeah, I know that you used to call it pillars of strength. Yeah, we used to go of training and food as well, but it has always people just want to talk about drugs. So it ended up being combined down to just the talk course. I think it pillars of gear sounds good to me. If people want to do the headquarters, they can still add on the diet and training sections. Okay. So the end of it, if they want to, it is, it is a possibility. Yeah, one of my clients did pillars of strength a few months ago. And he said that he ended up getting like some really good one on one time, getting to ask questions and stuff like that. It's, it's, yeah, it's live with me. So it's not like, you know, it's all, you can communicate. You can bounce back and stuff. Can people call your names and stuff during it? And you actually see that? Yeah. All right. Well, how would you react if somebody paid for the course? And then they just, what would the turn be? Slegged you off the whole time? Depends on the mode. Yeah. Anything else you want to share with people today? No, I don't think so. I've got some stuff to talk about in about a month's time, but nothing could. All right. Well, listen, I'm very, I'm glad everybody's here, but I'm also disappointed they didn't leave us any Uncle Dave's wisdom questions. So you guys got to get on that. We want to help you out with everything we're not qualified to help you with, like your relationships and you're still like that. Shake, we don't know for the last time. Exactly. Exactly. Guys, we appreciate you tuning in. Thanks for tuning in to another episode. Go to evalbladonellesis.com. Get your labs done by Dave's drum sports in the UK and in the US supplement source.ca for Canadians and true nutrition.com for all your basic health supplements like protein, creatin and enter workouts. Thank you, everybody, from Patreon and for another episode of the podcast. We'll see you soon. Thanks, Dave.