Once you take that barrier away from the fact that you think you can't be that big. And I remember I used to have a friend who owned a body building clothing store. And I would go in there, he's like, you got to be 300 pounds. I'm like, 300 pounds. I have a cap, you get him to be going to get the 300 pounds. And I was like 260 at this point. And he's like, and I was already one of the bigger. You know, I was pretty big at 260. Yeah. He's like 300, 300. And, you know, in fact, the Dorian was like 300. I'm like, you know what, maybe I can do this. Because I was still growing. Like, once I started taking out a box and added GH in, it was just a matter of how much food I can get down my throat. And I was growing. You know, I was growing like a weed. And it was, it wasn't any magical drug combinations. You know, I was doing what I needed to do. And I was using real gear, obviously. But it wasn't excessive amounts. You know, I was using a thousand tests a week. I was doing like, you know, 400, 400 milligrams of that a box with it. I was taking three, four I used GH. You know, I was experimenting with some insulin, you know, so I'm like, humbling R and stuff like that. But, and you know what, I just, with the food and with the training, and I was getting really, I'm not strong by nature in terms of like, I'm not like, yeah, I see these guys, they're like 160 pounds. They go in, they can bench press like 405. Yeah. That's not me. But as like a bigger, I got stronger. So when I hit like 300, I was, you know, I was inclining, you know, 405 for reps. I was lifting impressive weights, you know, because I was just so big and I used really good form. So I was just growing like a weed. And you know, once you believe you can do it, you could achieve it. Hey, everybody, welcome to It's Just Body Building. I'm big Ron Partlo of course. I'm here with Dusty Handshot and the producer Scott McNally. Remember to like, share, subscribe, comment, and bring them. Yes, remember, I am mutant.com. Go to I am mutant.com. Get your ISO surge, get your all in and everyone should get on the gear. Oh, okay. Every single day. And today, we are extraordinarily happy to have with us body building legend. Dave Jumbo, Palombo, the original mass monster, RX muscle mastermind, the guy behind species. Probably I would say body buildings, number one journalist of all time. And the original podcaster has that day. Is that a good intro? I'll take that intro. That's a very good. I would say Dave, you're responsible for more 300 pound body builders than anyone in the history of body building. And I have to say I'm one of them. You influenced the shit out of me. I remember when I was body building and coming up in the early 90s and you were the biggest do it around. And every time there's a picture in the magazines, I'd stop and go, God, this guy from New York is just out of control. And it was it was it was quite the time to be alive and it was nothing but fun memory. So we're excited to have you, you know, so where you're on Long Island, right? Am I correct? No, I've been living in Florida. Oh, yeah, right. I was Florida. Sorry. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, I gave up on the year. Everyone escaped. Everyone escaped. Well played. Yeah, like the movie escaped from New York. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Did you leave like before the hurricane or after? Which are on it? Oh, yeah. I wanted to hear somebody very depressing. I'll tell you something depressing. So in 2012, we had a hurricane Sandy in the New York and I had two houses on the water. So they both got flooded. I actually did very well in the insurance when it was all done. So I can't really complain. And that's thanks to Chris the Cito believer. And now, because Chris the Cito has this like insane insurance guy. He drove down from Maine this guy and he's like, I'm going to get your ton of money. You know, he bought the insurance company. And he did really well. So when I stole, that was 12. But I sold my house in 16 to move down the Florida. The housing market was still kind of low from the hurricanes. Because people were like, you know, gunshive, some of the markets. And you know, I had two houses on the water. I mean, the worth money, you know. I still made a few bucks on him. I didn't make as much as I probably should have. I looked the other day yesterday, man. I looked on Zilla at the house and I used to live there. No. I sold it for us. I bought it for like 390 or something like that. This was in like 2002. I sold it in 16 for like almost 500 like 490. Yeah. It's a million over a million now. I'm a million. Yeah. Now the taxes were going up in $2,000 every year. So the property taxes are ridiculous. They're over 20 grand. But the point is that, you know, it's everything's timing, right? And it goes that way in bodybuilding to it, right? If you show up at the right show on the right day at the right time, you might win. But if you show up, you can be impressed and show up at a show that has a lot of great guys that you might come and you know, eighth place. You know, right? Right. You know, like timing. It's funny. We had a list of stuff to ask you about. And one of the topics was just ask him about Chris Hasido. And it like the first 20 seconds dropped Chris Hasido in college. Yeah. Yeah. So I mean, we have to be talking about Chris all the time in the show. He is one of the smartest guys that you could have in your role, the Dex. Is it like, is he not a valuable source for almost anything? Yeah. Chris, Chris, for real estate stuff, he's phenomenal. The guy like he's, you know, how like I, I'm like in the animals and something like that, like I have like, you know, I have like breath tiles and I have birds and I have, you know, cats and, you know, he's like that would real estate. Like, like, like if I'm like chilling out, I'm looking at Instagram like animal pages. He's like looking at real estate, you know, like, you know, I'll show him a picture like, like, like, from, I took from like the 90s and can Florida. He'll be like, I know that condo that's behind you. He's not your rookie, the picture means. He's on the behind me. And he's like, I know that's so and so Collins Avenue in South Beach. I'm like, how the heck do you know that? He was like, I am, I was going to buy a condo in that building, you know? And so I made 200 grand on a unit in that one. Yeah. Yeah. He knows every Venice, I'll show a picture from Venice. And like, I used to live down the block for the, that's so and so street. It was half of the worth of million now. I'm like, you know, every, every time he messages me, he's like, how's property in Vancouver? Is it still just, is it still bubbling? Is it still bubbling? You know? So yeah, he's awesome. So yeah, let's, let's start. We got to start, get the, we got to get the OG stuff out of the way. Yeah. I got to, I, you got to touch on on these early days. What, what started the, you to, to, to, to drive to be a mass monster before the term was even used, right? Literally. You weren't saying I'm going to be a mass monster. You were just trying to get as big as possible. When did that, when did that all really start happening for you? You know, most people know I was a long distance runner in college. And the, the philosophy behind long distance running is the opposite of body building. It's get as small as possible. You know, run as, over-trained as much as possible. And, you know, the light of you are the faster you run. I mean, so when I, but I always, I had worked at high school and I kind of liked the way it looked. So when I kind of finished my college running career, I was like, you know, I, I, I, I want to look better, you know, at this point. You know, I'm like, I'm never going to get, I'm never going to get a date, you know, that kind of thing. I, I, I, I, I, I, I make that joke. But, you know, so I started working out. And I, and I, and you know, it's, when you're a runner, you have a little bit of an eating disorder. Every runner does. Okay, you, you, you don't want to carry fat. You know, you want to be fat. And it's funny because running long this is running. Is it really conducive to being super crazy, lean because, you, you, you're kind of, like, you're always on the verge of, of not eating enough. And you're, like, cacctic, a little bit looking. You're always looking like a little, you, over depleted. Right. You always think you're fat, but what it is, is just like loose skin type of thing. So when I started bodybuilding and eating a little bit more, I was like, oh, I look good. My skin tightened up, you know, I'm carved up. I'm not walking around the pleaded all the time. And I'm like, and I started eating more. And obviously, I start reading the magazines. And I'm like, start eating, you know, saying realizing protein is very important. So I'm eating more frequently during the day. And I'm growing, like, like, a weed. Naturally. I don't even know, even know what a steroid is at this point. And mostly because I'm putting back the weight that I probably had run off of my body, you know, for all those years, they're running. So I'm growing, growing around and saying at this point, I said, I got to a point where I was like, you know what, I don't know if I can get fat. So why don't I try to get fat by eating even more food? Because it seems like every time I eat more food, I get bigger. And then if I get fat, I can always cut back. So I got to a point where I was eating like six, seven times a day, which was a lot from the exact, I was eating twice a day before that, you know, as a runner. And I'm like, you know, it's calling me? Yes, so you know, you're kidding. His ears must be ringing. So I got to a point where I, you know, literally it didn't matter what I ate. I didn't get fat. And I realized, holy, macro, I have the only limitations I have to get in digger is how much can I eat? Now, I wish it would have continued like that naturally. But it went on for about two years like that, where I was growing, growing, growing. And then I kind of hit a plateau around to 15 or so. I couldn't get above that. Now remember, I was 150 pounds as a runner. So now like, I'm like 65 pounds, you know, bigger than I was. So people like what the, you know, everyone thought I was taking steroids. I didn't even know, I still didn't know it's steroids. At this point, I started getting into Bill Phillips. If you remember, he had been riding those animals. And he got his guides and then he made, you know, the black book. Yeah, but there was before the black book, it was like pamphlets that he would, like, it was off a copy machine they would send you. And I subscribed to it every month, he would send you this new thing. And that's where they first introduced metrics, shakes and Scott Connelly. And I was completely consumed with this information. I was a holy macro. This is the greatest information of all. And of course, once he's not reading Bill Phillips, and he was talking about an analogue, steroids, and I started reading about them, right? Because, you know, in my mind, I thought they were like poison, you know, because that's how the press, you know, portrays them. And now I'm learning the real science of it. You know, I'm a science guy. I'm premed. I'm getting ready to go to medical school at this point. I'm like, I'm completely, you know, holy macro. I just go and down the rabbit hole. You know, you know, you know, you know, you want to get on like Instagram or Facebook or or YouTube and you go down a rabbit hole, if something whatever topic you're looking into, it was like that. Except there was no computers back then. There was no internet. I was going down this rabbit hole of this, of this magazine that he was printing up in these books. And I was buying everything and reading it like 600 times, you know, to the point where I probably knew his anobog reference guy better than he did. And he wrote, you know, and so I knew more about steroids before I even took a steroid. And then I met a doctor in Westchester when I was up in medical school there who is, who actually ironically had graduated from the same medical school I did 20 years earlier and he was a bodybuilder and he got this guy doctor Mike. He was, he was a crazy, creative genius, you know, but he was, you know, he was, he had the mentality of like an emotional development of like a 12 year old. So but it was cool hanging out with him because we would run ideas by each other. And he's like, I asked him, I said, what do you think about taking steroids? He's like, why rather my kids take steroids and drink alcohol, he goes from a, from a toxicity standpoint, there's, there's way less toxicities. So he kind of got me into it. I did my first cycle and the rest is history, you know, as you know. So I, you know, if people don't realize you have well trained muscle and you're eating really well and you kind of know what you're doing training wise. When you take steroids, they work a lot better. You know, then the guys, today who are, you know, 18 or 16 years old God forbid, but let's say they're 18 and they say I'm going to start taking trend. I've done anything. I worked out for two weeks. I'm going to start taking trend. Yeah. So I want you to think. They don't, steroids don't work well on people like that because they don't have well trained muscle. They don't know how to eat right and they don't really have a train well. They just want to get big. So they do put muscle on it and it accelerates it right, but they kind of burn out their receptors. So the best bodybuilders were always the guys that trained naturally for the longest Sean road in Kai Green, Ronnie Coleman. Think about all these guys that were natural for so long. And then they started taking gear, you know, and it exploded with growth, you know. So, hey, before you go on Dave, I got to ask. So I've listened to all your stuff over the years. I don't think I've ever heard you say what was that first cycle? Yeah, I've kind of said it, but because I don't know if people believe it, but it was Prima, I had a friend. It's a good story. I had a friend who was, this was in, remember, 1990 was when Biden was not president, then it was a senator. Push through the steroid control act. Never forgave him. Yeah. Yeah. But he, the, the, the, the DEA didn't want to do it. They said, this is not, this is not a drug that should be controlled because it's not addictive. But they flushed it through anyway because of the Olympics and they had the barceloro Olympic coming up. So there was no, there was nothing around. Because everything that was, people used to go into the pharmacy here in the United States and, and with a regular prescription and fill a prescription for anovard, that go test whatever they wanted. And everyone was getting real stuff. So now all of a sudden, there was nothing. So I had a crazy friend who went to Barcelona and, because you can over the counter get like anything there and he would, he'd bottle this stuff and he'd brought it back and, you know, and so, you know, I was looking to do a cycle and, and I was talking to him in the gym and he's like, oh, I got all this stuff from Barcelona. So he had prima bone and went stroll and I figured, you know, my doctor friend said, these don't have any side effects. They don't really suppress your natural production very much. This is, you're not going to get water retention. You're not going to get an acne from this. I said, fine. So I did, I did 50 milligrams of went stroll at three times a week and I did, I think it was like two, literally 200 milligrams of prima bone away. Were they those Zambons? Zambon went strolls in three and a bunch. Yeah. And they had the prima bones with the sharing ones that were in the box. I think he paid like $1.50 for him. They, the 50s are the hundreds. They were the hundreds because Spain had the hundreds only Mexico made the difference. Yeah. I certainly, 90s guys know that. Yeah. Yeah. Because people don't realize there was no underground gear. Everything came from the pharmacy or what started happening at this time and bodybuilding was people were making counterfits. So what they would do is they would try to mimic the, they would take the sharing prima ball and they would try to copy it. Yeah. If you were like a good, a sleuth or a good like Sherlock Holmes investigating you, you could, you could figure out what they did wrong with it to see if it was fake. That's great with your nail. Yeah. They were, the giveaway was always the pamphlet that came with it because they couldn't, the people who fake they couldn't get the tissue paper pamphlets. So they were using like like regular copy paper and it would be too thick. And so you would know that was the, you know, or they would, you know, usually they stamped the expiration date on and they would print it on with the label with the same prints. So you could, you had to try to lick it off. It didn't, it didn't smudge, then you knew it was fake. So there was all these different things that, you know, that you could figure out. But so I didn't wish John Pramblev on for about, I think it was like 10 or 12 weeks. And I put on like 15 pounds of muscle like from this stuff. It was zero water. Zero water. And you know, I was, you know how we and I am already. My veins were like popping out like crazy. People thought I gained like like 50 pounds, you know. But I was really only 50 men. But it looked good on me because I had no body fat, you know, and it was pure muscle gain, you know. And so and you're pumped more pumped, obviously when you take antibiotics. And so I was like, whoa, but you know, then you get scared. I'm like, oh, I got to go off cycle now. And the funny thing is I, I really didn't lose anything off cycle because, you know, you get a little deflated. But you know, when you don't have body fat, you don't really notice that much. And then I did another, I think the next cycle I did was like some DACA and some, I think did some DACA and some. I did that more, more prima-bone. And I was using all the stuff that was coming from like, you know, from Marsalon at that time, from Spain. And I didn't do my, I remember it. Took them back another year before I did like my first test of ostrich shot. And the first shot of sister, I've said, told the story, first shot of sister, and I took, I had a guy that were already. I had a feeling. Not at all. I was like, one shot, the next day I had it. So I must have had the tissue there already. And they blew up. I lost my mind. I, my friend from the gym, the guy who was the Barcelona, he knew a doctor in white planes because I was living in Westchester. And that's when I met Dr. Blaud, the guy I was who I've been advocating, who's been, who's done more in gynecromascia surgery for, for more top body bills and anyone else in our industry's done like thousands of thousands of them. I said to everyone. And it was all because of that one, you know, that one encounter there. Oh, I do. That's the worst. Guy know from one sister-in-one. I was so Trump, I didn't want to take my shirt off. That's how Trump is. Yeah. I took like a million bottles of sustenance. I never got any guy. I don't hear. You know, but I always say there are women that have big boobs and there's movement that have small boobs. Well, they've meant we have the same genetics. It's just a matter of, we don't know it because unless you take something that's going to stimulate those glands to grow, you would never know if you're, if, you know, what kind of boob it's you have. So you would have made a hot chick. He would have killed a man. He would have killed a man. He would have killed a man. He would have killed a man. I'd go away with it. Oh, man. So when did you, when did you start thinking like, I'm going to be 300 pounds. I'm going to be a 300 pound, like I'm going to push this. Before I tell you mine, like when you guys were coming up like, what, like, they had to be someone in like Hollywood that you said I want to look like, right? Oh, yeah. Yeah. I mean, I started with Arnold and pro wrestling. I call it to me warrior and Arnold movies, right? I mean, I was a ladies kid. Yeah. What about you? Mine were more, because I loved all the, so I had like, man, in my eyes, Van Dam was huge, follow young from those like those guys were all over the ass. You had the packs. I'm like, I got to be that guy. It wasn't until later that you realized like, oh, there's another level of both that. Yeah. I'd say Arnold. I saw, I saw pumping our nose a kid and I was like, oh, man. And then after that it was Lee Haney. Like, Lee Haney was around when I was a little kid and everybody told me like, oh, yeah, he's the man way, till he turns around, look at his back. I was like, yeah, one day I want to get that never reached it. Never reached it. You're close. That's, I'm actually, that's pretty admirable that you're admit that because I, I, I think because everything with me is, can I achieve it? So I thought that those guys were too big. So I always say, I don't want to look like that. Those guys are too big. I want to look like Stallone in round up. Yeah. I had bands around my head. I go, I go to my friends that I would go play paintball. You know, and I thought I was new because I had a couple of veins going through my arm, you know, and I thought I was rambo. But then, you know, then when you achieve the rambo size, you're like, I'd like to get a little big in this, you know, maybe, you know, who's next up, you know, and then you, you think about who's the next guy is. Then you start thinking about like, you know, the wrestlers and stuff like that. Then it became like Arnold and then, you know, and then it got when I realized that actually had, I was actually putting on muscle and had pretty big legs, you know, just genetically. I said, you know, I want to do this bodybuilding thing. I did a natural show. Some band-a-way beat me in the overall, and I was like, and I was natural, really, for the show and I was like, you know, this is bullshit. I'm just going to, I'm not going to, I can't play in these small playgrounds. I'm just going to, if I'm going to do it, let's just do it, you know. Yeah. I did my first show, like, I think I was like, 198 or the first show I did was like 160, but I only been training eight weeks, eight months. The second show I did, which was the last natural show I did, but I was like about 198, 200 pounds. And so then when I finally started taking drugs and I said, all right, I'm going to do it the right way. I waited two years and I competed and I was 228, so I gained another 28 pounds of muscle. Nice. So I don't know, I was, I think I was 215 first, then I would then, but I was gay. But I was gaining about 10 to 12 pounds a year, you know, at this point, and with the antibiotics. And then the biggest year I had was the jump from 95, from 94 to 95, I gained 30 pounds of muscle, 28 pounds of muscle one year. But, but so it's going to get back to your question, Doryan, I saw Doryan in 92 at the Atlantic State's guest pose. And this was 92 and 93, 93 before you did that Olympia, we was insane. Yeah, right. That was your best ever. Because it pitched on the ball of beds. Yes, that was awesome. It's 190. He walked out. I never know what had seen a human being whoever looked like this before. It was like, oh my god. Holy back there. And I said, you know what, if he can get that big, because I didn't think he was like a genetic freak. Like I didn't think like, you know, you look at like, hey, any or like flex wheeler, you know, you can't look like that, right? But I said, Doryan, I say, you know what, he's a white guy, you know, he's not, he doesn't have anything really. He's just big, you know, I'm like, I could do that, you know. He gave, once you take that barrier away from the fact that you think you can't be that big. And I remember him, I used to have a friend who owned a bodybuilding clothing store. And I would go in there, he's like, you got to be 300 pounds. I'm like, I can't, 300 pounds. I thought, I can't be, you got to get the 300 pounds. And I was like 260 at this point. And he's like, and I was already, you know, one of the bigger, you know, it was pretty big. It's 260. Yeah. He's like 300, 300. And, you know, in fact, the Doryan was like 300, I'm like, you know what, maybe I can do that. Maybe I can do this. Because I was still growing. Like, once I started taking out a box and added GHN, it was just a matter of how much food I can get down my throat. And I was growing, you know, I was growing like a weed. And it was, it wasn't any magical drug combinations. You know, I was doing what I needed to do. And I was using real gear, obviously. But it wasn't excessive amounts. You know, I was using a thousand tests a week. I was doing like, you know, 400 milligrams of that box with it. I was taking three, four, I used GH, you know, I was experimenting with some insulin. You know, some like, humulin' r and stuff like that. But 10 IU postwork out. Yeah. Yeah. It's like something like that. And then the morning it was a 10 IU. And, you know what? I just, with the food and with the training. And I was, I was getting really, I'm not strong by nature in terms of like, I'm not, like, yeah, I see these guys, they're like 160 pounds. They go in, they can bench press like 405. Yeah. That's not me. But as like a bigger, I got stronger. So when I hit like 300, I was, you know, I was inclining, you know, 405. I was lifting impressive weights, you know, because I was just so big. And I used really good form. So I was just growing like a weed. And, you know, once you believe you can do it, you could achieve it. Now, obviously, they could have been a million variables that could have stopped me. I couldn't got hurt. Luckily, I never got hurt. Seriously, I set my life up so that it was basically based around bodybuilding. My job was bodybuilding. At this point, I was making money for a minute. I was writing for some magazines and writing for a couple of these early websites. I was doing guests, you know, appearances. I got lucky metrics gave me a contract. I could scot Connelly like me. I was making 50 grand a year from them, you know, for a minute. For a minute. For a minute. Yeah. I was a lot of money back in the 90s, you know. You were doing better than almost all the pros. Yeah. I mean, I run, Ronnie, Ronnie and I worked for metrics. That's how I met Ronnie. Ronnie was making 35,000 a year. And I was making 50. Wow. The, the, and Ronnie went, it was complaining about it too. He told me he was going to go complain to Connelly. He said, you got a full-time job as a copy. He goes, you know, you know. No. But it was really a complete slap in the face for Ronnie Connelly. Right? But they thought I was more marketable for them. They were making more money off of, you know, John Boeple, one bow, you know. So, but, you know, it was, it was, like I said, it was the right place at the right time. And it's all about timing. And I, and I just lived the passion that I had. And I, you know, I didn't think about anything else. I said, look, that's all I care about. I'm going to give 100% to this. There was no excuses. I didn't miss meals. I didn't miss workouts. I didn't miss sleep at night. You know, I, I sacrificed everything to try to be the best that I could be. You know, and I, and I think at the end of the day, I think I took it as far as I can go with it. And that's why I, people, I say, oh, you ever want to make a comeback. I'm like, no, I, because I really have no regrets. I really didn't, you know, leave anything on the table. I kind of went as far as I can go with it. Yeah. I have to tell you, I know I've told the story before. I've talked about you many times, Dave. Yeah. But, but I, I have to just tell you this, my memory of meeting you for the first time. And I know you've met tens of thousands of body builders. Yeah. Like I was, but it was a 2002 Olympia. Yeah. And you were one of the guys like I was on the message boards and you were huge to 85 that whole. Right. You know, you were the king. You were the king of the message boards. Like Dave said so. And that's, that was, oh, okay. That's how it is, right? And I was like, I got to go meet Dave Plumbo. And so I message you and you were like, well, I'll be at the booth. I don't remember what booth you were at. Was it metrics 2002? I don't know. Yeah. What have been, like, muscular, I don't know. I don't remember. M.D. was a, no, it wasn't M.D. I probably some company paid me the best. Yeah. Yeah. You're at the booth and, and you, you, you, you told me where to meet you. So I was at the Mandalay Bay, right? So I go right there and I go to the expo. And I walk in and you're standing at the booth in a stringer. And shorts. And you're at your, like, you are just exploding ridiculous covered in vastularity, just complete absolute monster. And I was a big kid. Like, I was probably like, two 90 or something, right? I don't know if it's in. And, and so I come in maybe 275 or so, I don't know. But I come up to you and I'm like, oh, I'm rep 300 from the board and we, you know, Chad, and you were eating McDonald's. I was a dude. Imagine imagine. Yeah. And there was like an empty McDonald's bag. And there was like a few fries left. And you were like, put in the fries in your mouth. And we were chatting. And then, and then we chatter for a while and you go, hey, man, I'm going to take a break. Do you want to go eat? And I said, sure. So we, we walked out into the food court at the Mandalay Bay and we went to McDonald's. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And so I like comic dollars and you got McDonald's and we sat on an eight. We talked about, like, you know, blah, blah, blah, this body building and stuff. And I was just like, I just thought it was a craziest thing. I was like, man, he baked Donald's twice in a row because I always had that. I was, I was like, I got a rule in a fast food once a day, maybe. Right? Right? I was like, Dave's doing burning too many calories standing at that booth. Yeah. Yeah. I'm like, yeah. Back to backers. Back to backers. I'm like, this is how you get huge. And you were talking about the a rackadonic acid in the beef. Right? Oh, I was at the McDonald's. It was like a cross to street from the Mandalay Bay. No, it was like in the man, it was a, I'm sure it was in the locker. It was in the locker. I was in the locker hotel. They were located in the locker. Yeah. We watched for a while. I would say, I would stay at the locker during those time periods. When it was at the Mandalay Bay. Like everyone else is at Mandalay Bay. Yeah. Why are you staying next door at the locker? Donald's. I'd say because the McDonald's is in the food court. Yeah. Yeah. We walked, we took a walk. I can't remember it. But we ain't McDonald's. Yeah. We're probably walking through this like a connecting car. Yeah. Yeah. It's a car man. Yeah. Crazy. It's crazy. It's crazy. It's saying, but just the fact that you like had just finished a bag of McDonald's. Yeah. You didn't know it. I just never forget that. I always tell people, you know what, when you, it doesn't matter if you're eating a meal right now. You have to be thinking about what your next meal is, especially if you're on the road. You're not in your normal natural environment where you can access food. I was always thinking about what the next meal is. Where am I going to get it? What am I? It's just the meal. Didn't matter if I was at a booth all day. I would not miss eating and I, and you have to have that mental. That's why I loved with Nick Walker was interviewed once he said, I haven't missed the meal in five years. You know, you have to have that mentality if you want to be huge because your body, you miss one meal a week and that could be your progress for the whole week. That's just 72 meals. Yeah. Yeah. Yep. But I'm saying that one meal that you missed can kill the whole week's worth of progress. You may go, one meal. Yeah. And people miss meals all the time. Oh yeah. All my aunt stopped by the house. I couldn't eat. My nose was stuffed up and I was trying to blow my nose and I was trying to, time passed. I remember this my meal. Well, guess what? You're muscled for the week that you were going to eat. Yeah. I remember you saying, like, well, it doesn't matter. There's no limit to calories because I'm standing at the booth. You're right. True. Because I mind the tables was like a blast furnace. You knew Greg Cova, she was like the same way. She was like, the sweating that you would do with those boots. I was with Greg as well. Yeah. You sweat so many calories just standing there all day that you didn't, you could eat anything. I could have just poured ice cream down my throat and went to the matted. I would have been cinderated right in my body. I mean, that's how fast my metabolism's going. And when you have that much muscle, you know, if you have a good metabolism on top of that, it's like even more so. It took you cannot eat enough food. So you have to eat denser foods because if you don't eat like these, these shitty or foods like that have a lot of fats in them, it goes through to like if I ate it, if I would have eaten like tuna and rice, it would have lasted my body like 20 minutes and I would have been starving already. So I hadn't eaten these dense foods just to hold me over, you know, that's that. Yeah. Now, what about you were also trained a lot like Dory and two, like you're similar training style to Dory and right? Like hard sets at count, limit your volume, that sort of thing. And that's, that's, I think that's what you're doing at your biggest anyways. Yeah, you know, I do that. I still train that way, you know, and it's funny because I used to train with these guys that were like over trainers, like they would do like, you know, 25 sets per body part. And then at the end of the work, they run around and do like another five to ten sets and I'm like, aren't we done? I'm like, I was shot after like 50 and it's not that I can go forever, you know, if you tell me we're going to train for six hours straight, I'll go six hours straight. Yeah. But my body doesn't recover from it. In other words, it doesn't. Like some guys might get some benefits out of that. I get negative's out of it. So I realized very early on when I started reading the articles about Dory and in a men's or talking about lower volume, giving your body more rest and recovery because I was a chronic overtrain from running. You know, that's just the mentality. You never take a day off and that kind of stuff. So the, the more I reduced the volume, the better my results got. I was growing better. You know what? Then they thought about it and I said, well, you know, what set really is going to make you guys make you grow the most? It's going to be the heavy set, right? You get a, you know, four to six reps on with full range of motion. That's the set you're growing from. So the whole strategy of your workout is should be geared around that one set when you think about it, right? So if I'm doing chest and I want to build, you know, a bigger upper chest and I'm doing like a, a mild incline barbell press, the heavy a set of that where I'm going to get full range of motion and get a, you know, good form on that is going to be where I'm going to grow from. So it's everything in the chest workout should be geared around maximizing that set. That means I want to rest between sets. I don't want to go too fast because I'm not going to be able to lift this heavy. I don't want to do too much volume because if you do too much volume leaning up to that. Guess what, you know, you're going to sacrifice health strong, you are because you're going to delete too much glycogen. So you want to get to that set as quickly as possible without getting hurt, of course. So you got to warm up. So I might do, you know, 135, 225, you know, 315 and 405, but 405 then I'm going to push, you know, I'm going to push. I'm going to have my training partner maybe help me get a few extra. I might do a strip set with that. And after that set, I should want to go home and usually do. But then I'll go and I'll do maybe some dumbbell presses, you know, one or two sets. And then I'll do a one or two sets of flies and I'm shot. I'm going, I'm going home. I'm done. And you know what, the only set that really mattered was that heavy inclined barbell set. That's the set that built the muscle. That's the set you kind of logged in your head. But most people never even get to that set. They're so busy doing all the polymerty stuff that they're doing 25 sets of preliminary stuff. They never have a really heavy intent set during the whole workout because they're so worried about getting all that volume done. So if you just cut the volume back and focus on what's building the muscle the most, now, it's worrying and men's are took it down to a level where they said, you'll need one set. You don't even need to do any more than that because that's the mentality. But you know, the bottom, the reality of is that you know and can generate enough just doing one set like that. It's very hard, very hard. And it leaves you open to injury too sometimes, I think, because you're almost trying too hard in that one set. So like I would do one intent set for like incline barbell, one intent set for like incline dumbbell presses, one intent set for maybe flies. You know, and that's how I kind of spread it out a little bit more than what the way they did it. I'm doing a little more volume. And you know what, I'm still spending an hour in the gym because I got a resting a lot between sets because I want to make sure I can lift the most. There's no reason to rush through a workout when you try to lift this heavy as possible. And also if you don't have a spotter training partner with you, there's no way you're going to be able to push hard because you, you'll never be able to do it. I could never get under a squat bar if I didn't have someone spotting me and I'm doing 600. I'm not getting under a 405 in the bench if I don't have a spotter that I trust. So you gotta have a good training partner in order to train like that as well. Right. Is there anything you look back on, you know, if you were doing it again, you know, the total time machine question, is there anything you would change about, you know, your drug protocol or, or how you got ready for shows or anything like that, you know, because you know, we have learned a bunch. Yeah. We've also reinforced a bunch of what you're doing with what we know and, is there anything you change? God health. I didn't know anything about it. I learned more toward the end of my career about God health, but, um, didn't know about fiber. Obviously, I have, like, the best, the number one selling fiber, self and fiber, I was ever going to use fiber. But yeah, and, you know, and no one knew about the God health. And so we just, we, we were eating like enormous amounts of food and, you know, you know, we thought because we went to the bathroom three times a day that we were getting rid of all the way, so we really weren't, you know, if I'm eating 12 times a day and I'm only going to the bathroom three times a day, I'm certainly retaining a lot of stuff in my gut and not good for the gut number one, not good for stretching out that abdomen. I had that, obviously you get the distension going on. And so I didn't know anything about God health. I wish I knew what I know now about God health and I wish I knew now what I knew about insulin. I was experimenting with insulin, which was better than when everyone else is doing, but I didn't have a grasp of the whole concept. We didn't have blood sugar monitors because they weren't like available for 10 bucks at Walmart, you know, like they are now. And if I would have known then I would have probably been on a long acting insulin, you know, probably that my whole career because when you eat that enormous amount of food and you're taking GH, most guys run high fasting blood sugars, I couldn't even tell who the heck knows what my blood sugar was because I never tested it. So yeah, I'm sure I were running high fasting sugars. I was trying wasn't absorbing all my food. So what I was doing is I was taking humillin R twice a day to try to compensate for the fact that I wasn't absorbing my food. But it really wasn't what I needed was a long acting insulin. That's what a lot of these body bills to have most of these guys taking long acting insulin, that they're running high fasting sugars. And they noticed they absorbed their food better, they look better, their blood work is better. So fiber, gut health, probiotic type stuff, and proper blood sugar control, I think is something that I would do better. And you know what, I don't even know if my blood pressure was higher, not because I never checked it either. So I probably wouldn't have been there. But you're still here. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I probably would have taken like a blood pressure medication like a round of a pro or an acin, some kind of sort of acin inhibitor, just as a pro pro, for lactic lead, especially at 315 pounds, you know. So yeah. Yeah. So what about what inspired you to start our ax muscle after your time at MD? Well, ironically, I actually, there was a guy who approached me in the late 90s. He wanted to start another hardcore body building that. Like kind of like a bill, Bill Phillips had sold muscle meat. He wanted to start a magazine like that. And he had, he was a drug deal with this guy, sold steroids. And he had money. And so he figured I'm going to hire like all these guys. He cranked tightest scammed him for some money and a couple of them butt top body balls. And he did mean, and I'm like, you know, what, you know, what, you know, what, how you're going to do this? Do you have a, you know, as a torial staff, do you have this? You know, because I'm like, you know, when I think I don't just try to get people's money, I want to make it successful because I'm like, I'm like an or go or you have to die. I'm like a results guy, you know. And he didn't know what the freak he was doing. I saw this and I'll, I'll run the magazine for you. I, I like the idea. If you're going to pay me and you're going to do this and that. So we started off doing it and I see get rid of these guys that are just sucking you drive from money. We don't need them. We need guys who can write and who, you know, I've knowledge. So I started contacting, you know, all my friends, you know, Jimmy Quinn at the time. And then, and then, all my hardcore guys I knew. And I said, we're going to put out an issue. And then this guy realized this thing was going to be a little more expensive than he thought. And I don't know if he wasn't, see, he's like, you know, I feel bad that I kind of sucked you into this. He goes, how about I just give you this, you know, since I didn't pay you anything, I'll just give you the magazine. You can just take it. He had the website or our ex muscle.com and it was all his idea. I didn't make it. I didn't write that. It was, you know, he had put together the original name. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, well, he was, his, his, it was, It was our ex muscle that you're a prescription for hardcore muscle. Yeah, that was his, yeah. I thought it was, it was good marketing. I liked the idea. So I started doing, I said, fine, that, that sounds fair. So I took it. He signed everything over to me. I started doing it. And we came out with a few issues in the early, you know, 2000s. And then black men saw that I was doing that. And he bought the title from his brothers of Muscle Development. And he wanted to switch it from all natural, which was to like, back to hardcore. So he's like, would you write for me? I said, yeah, sure, no problem. So I still was doing the arts. Muscle I was writing a calm, anabolic freak for him. And they read every single one of those. Yeah. Thank you. And then we got to a point. Then I did the whole jail thing went. Oh, down. I was in the six months in prison in O.5. And when I got out, Steve realized, you know, I was going to all the shows. And I was putting pictures from the shows on my website. My daypalommer.com website. So I was dating that girl, Khaled at the time, Khaled did websites. And she built the website. So I would just put all the pictures. And I was going to every show, you know, just because I had clients in there, and just to hang out. And so everyone was going to my website, checking out all the pictures. So Steve realized he was, why don't we just, he was, I want to launch a website for muscled development. He goes, now that you're not competing anymore, you want to hire you full time. So you hired me full time as the editor in chief. We launched muscled development digital as he called it at the time. Yeah. And you know, that's, I kind of just felt my way. You know, we kind of bluffed that way through it. We didn't know what we were doing. I didn't know what I was doing. But I just had some creative ideas. And I knew at least Steve would financially back those ideas. The only idea that he never backed was I wanted to start a TV show. And then I went with the one TV. It was impossible to do it. It was like TV was for TV. And you know, we were just doing podcasts at that time. Like audio podcasts. And I remember we had a pay. Every podcast we did was like 200 bucks. It was like to this company voice American. We had a call in there. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. There's a little, that little Django voice American. Yeah. Yeah. We got to build a studio in the office. I said, and we got to make a TV studio. And he wouldn't do it. He wouldn't do it. And then we started having some creative issues. He wanted to buy into species nutrition. And I didn't want him as a partner because, you know, I didn't really like his business practices. Even though we probably would have made money, I just thought it was going to ruin our relationship. I kind of liked, Steven, I got along really well. And his family convinced him that we were like, It's a reminder when I was trying to steal the business from them. But where they got this idea, because we had how we would have done it. I have no idea. But so he fires us. And then I said, you know, I didn't know what John and I. I'm like, what do we get to do now? He's like, I said, you know, I have this magazine, Arx Muscle. I haven't really used it because once Steve hired me full time, he said you can't do the other thing too. So I kind of just had it on the backboard. I said, but I still own the website. So within a week, we had the, the RxMuscle.com up and running. We did our first podcast like the next week. And two advertisers fall this over. And so we nice. I remember the big kuffuffle with you guys fired for M.D. And then within a week, there was a new podcast. Because you know, I will not fail. If there's one thing in life, I will not, when the chips are down, I will not fail. You can don't. You want me in the lifeboat with you. You know, when the, when the ship is sinking, you want me in that lifeboat, because I will not die. You know, I will do anything to stay alive. Not only that, not only that. I remember not only did you guys have a new podcast. I was right around that time. Within a few weeks, I think that you guys were, you, you species was at the Arnold. And you guys are there. I would get to have a booth anyway. Also, I contacted the Arnold people and said, Hey, look, you know, John and I used to work from Muscle 12. And as you know, but we have our own thing called RxMuscle. Now, um, would you give us press passes? And they, they love the idea. They, they, they open the, they open the door. And they said, get ahead. And I had my staff, my species crew run the species. But I stopped by there. So we had that and I was running around with John, videoing people for RxMuscle. And we, we, we like, you know, we, we, I don't know. We, I don't even know how we made it happen. It was, it was, it was meant to be, obviously. And I believe everything in life happens for a reason. Um, and then John, I got John the move to New York for a little while. I think he was living there for like almost a year. And he built our studio, our first TV studio. And I ran into these guys in the store who would do a TV, and they're like, oh, I, I don't, you know, I talked to anyone. They're like, oh, we do TV. We're doing fledgling to you. I'm like, TV for a lot. You think, well, we're, we're trying to do like, like, stuff for the internet. I'm like, that's what I'm looking for. I said, I need a TV guy. And so these guys started, they, it turned out they didn't work out for me because they were really weren't hard workers, but they got my brain working in the right direction. Yeah. I don't know if the camera's up. They set up the lighting for me in my studio. John built the studio. And the rest was history, really. I mean, it, you know, Steve's problem is he said, there's no business model for a TV. I said, well, we'll, let's, let's create the business model. Right. Um, because I said, that's going to be the future. I just see, I hate to say it, and then you love the magazines, and I do too, but these things are going to be gone. No one's going to read these things in five years. I said, anymore, and if you don't have a, a strong internet presence, you're going to go out of business. And he didn't want to listen to me and look, look, look, look, Warriors now. He's at a business. Man. So body building media today, I mean, you know, with the social media, it's very click-driven and the click-bait, and a lot of that type of stuff. How do you balance entertainment, if you want to call that with, with, you know, real journalism, and, and keep you being like legitimate? You know, what's, you know, it's great, what's terrible, what's terrible about YouTube. And let's say, so we all are new too, because YouTube lets you monetize videos, and that's a source of income. See, don't have to worry about advertisers, really. Although I have advertisers, and I have the monetization from YouTube, which I'm lucky that I have both. But at the end of the day, it's about YouTube, and monetizing any people to click right at, like you said on your, on your TV show or whatever you're doing. The best channels are the, the most niche, meaning that the more focused you are on what you do, the better you're going to be. Like, take that Nick strength and power guy for instance. He does the same thing every single time, every day, right? It's just a recap of what everyone else is doing. It's been doing a few years, but that's only does. And so people know, when they go to his channel, that's what they're going to get a review of whatever's going on in the bodybuilding world. I don't know, he's, he's not as popular as he used to be, but he still does very well, you know, and he can, he'll make a living from that forever, probably. If I had to do that every day, I would blow my brains out. It's true. Human being is good warring. I need, when I go to a channel, I want different programming on the, I want to be like a TV station. I don't want to be a channel. I want to be a station, meaning that one day we're doing, I'm answering questions on ass day, one day I'm doing heavy muscle radio, one day I have the lunatics and we're doing the whack-pack show, the after hours. Another day I'm doing a podcast with Romano, and then I'm doing rants. If something's bothering me or I see something in the industry that I think is nuts, I'm going to do a rant on it. If there's a show and I want to do an update or I want to do a, you know, a prediction show. If I'm at the Olympia and I want to, you know, do a wrap up or, or interview with a winner, I want everything. I want to be ESPN for bodybuilding. That's what Arx muscles always been. Unfortunately, YouTube doesn't reward that. They actually, they actually ding that because the advertisers don't really know what you're putting out. Every day it's something different. Even though I have a schedule that's pretty regular, it's not one thing on that channel. And that's what, but that's, that's the reason why I've been doing it for 15, you know, almost 18 years now. We have to count on muscle development because if I'm not diversified in my brain, then I'll get bored and I won't want to do anything. So it's hard to do the same exact thing every day. It's hard enough to put it content up every single day. We do that. We've been doing that for, you know, 15 plus years now. That's how you be successful on YouTube and on on social media. Regularity. It's sometimes your content is important is the regularity of what you're doing. Because I can put out a great, great show. Once that shows done and everyone's watching, they want to know what I'm going to do next. And a lot of guys spend so much effort into one thing. And then they, it's like, they have nothing left to do. They, they'll take them two weeks to put another piece of content up. You can't do that. You got to be thinking every day. One of my putting up next. Yeah. Yeah, that's a no, well, we do a show every Monday, even if we have absolutely nothing to say. You know, if you miss a Monday, you know, I've missed one heavy muscle radio show in 15 years. We did miss one week. Never. Ever. I was in the hospital open heart surgery. I did show that. I remember that. You have to because if you miss one show, people think, up the shows over. I'm going to play self-defying. Yeah. Watch it. No, soon. Right. Well, we also wanted to talk about what's going on now. Today's bodybuilding scene now. We actually intended to lead with the Pittsburgh pro. I don't know why we did this whole retrospective thing. But why would it be great? Yeah, yeah, yeah. But yeah, we got it. We want to get to that because I mean, that's looming very, very soon here. And we want to ask you what you think of this lineup. What do you think is going to happen at this show from the pictures you've seen? And I know you've got a lot of insider, Loki, probably seen some phones held in front of your face. Maybe, maybe Chris is saying, is a photo is it dusty and I haven't even seen it? I don't know. But I know I get the odd photo from Chris. And then you know, so what's your take on this Pittsburgh? I want to turn this around and you guys for one minute. I want to ask you a question and I'll answer that question. Yeah. I think this is, is we're entering a new like golden era of bodybuilding. And I'm going to tell you why because there's money available now. Right. The league is 600 grand. The Arnold's giving 500 grand. Pittsburgh's giving 100 grand. Beta and Dubai's giving 140,000. And we're going to start seeing these numbers going up and up because everyone's competing with each other now, right? Which is good. It's good for the bodybuilding. Oh yeah. It might not be good for the promoted, but good for the bodybuilding. And that needs more excitement. So these lineups are getting stacked now. All these lineups. We're not just seeing a limpia lineups. We're seeing a limpia lineups in regular shows now because there's a lot of money at stake. Yep. And I think that we're going to start to see a lot more talent entering into bodybuilding now. Because I think, look, when you play football, you get your head basting. You know, if you're doing MMA, you're making money, but you're getting your head basting. Yeah. Let's face it. Bodybuilding is a non-contact sport. The reason why you never get these top top athletes doing it is because none of them money in it. But if you, if an athlete thinks I can make a million dollars a year, you know, or two million dollars a year, if I'm at the top of the bodybuilding world, you know, for no contact, your longevity is much better in bodybuilding. It's kind of fun. You might, I think we're going to see a lot better athletes entering into the bodybuilding arena rather people think people moving away. I think people moving into bodybuilding because of the prize money. I wanted to get your opinion on that. What did you guys think? Definitely will draw the guys who know like there's guys who know they have pretty good genetics. You know, the people that have been athlete for years and people tell them, man, you know, we all see those NFL guys that look like bodybuilders. You know, those guys, they step on the gas and do what they got to do, train the way they got to train. And I mean, the gene pool, we're going to see more vertical on sphords. They're going to see more samsons. You know, they say that's why the heavyweight division in boxing got completely decimated. And they lost all the good boxers is because if you're six foot four, 280 pounds, you can go play offensive line for three years and make a couple hundred grand a year. At least you'll get a three year career out of it. But if you go boxing chances are you're just going to get wind up a broke boxer because there's only really what, like, 0.1% of the boxers that were making money. Right. So, you know, you definitely definitely agree with you. I don't know. I don't know. You don't know. I want to say what I'm curious about is if we're going to see some of these top classic, that are able to be open bodybuilders stop the argument of we don't make as much money and just slide over. Like, I've never really understood the idea of crying from the sidelines. I'm right. Yeah. I look at some of these guys. I mean, how Chris is guy that won the Arnold in the men's physique? Yeah. Dude, switched to bodybuilding. Yeah. I'll be blown. Yeah. You're already there. Like, you're winning now. If you slide over in a small show is going to pay you more than the Arnold. So, I think what that'll be is the first guy crosses over and does really well. And he's maybe not even the top of the, of the food chain over there. Yeah. And then the other competitor start kind of glancing over going, well, wait a minute. So, I keep doing exactly what I do now, but I eat more. Yeah. Because there's definitely some confusion that these guys aren't on a bunch of drugs. I'm like, well, they're already doing that. They're doing the same drugs and the awful bodybuilding. Exactly. So, all they got to do is slam the eating. Maybe out with the training a little bit. Let themselves put on a little bit of weight in the offseason. And they're good to go. So, I think we're going to see some classic physique guys ruin some bodybuilder dreams. Because there's just so much money there. And those guys, for the cheeks are off the charts. Yeah. That's been my argument for when everyone was bashing the men's physique division. I'm like, okay, remove the board shorts. Don't make him pose like that. Tell me that's not a phenomenal physique. Yeah. You're right. I'd love to see a Logan Franklin do the open. Wouldn't you? Oh, man. Yeah. He's already proven he's, he is a bodybuilder. I know. I know. He started men's physique too. So, yeah. I agree 100%. I think the money game is huge. And I love that the Arnold and the Olympia have got an upissing match because like I'm just said, you know, when I started watching bodybuilding, Ronnie was winning in the Olympia was 110 grand. Right. And now you got all the smaller shows at 100. I mean, how long was 10 grand the prize everywhere for the Iron Man and these kind of shows? And now I'm like, those are going to, those are starting to drift up because they have to because no one's leaving their house for 10 grand. Right. What's going to happen if someone to Dubai offers a million dollars first place? Yeah. What does that do to the Olympia and the Arnold? They have to, they have to meet those prize monies. Yeah. The biggest show is really decided by the biggest purse. Let's not get confused. Yeah. Yeah. It's great to say, yeah, Mr. Olympia. But I'd rather say I just want a million dollars. You know, it's probably a lot. Yeah. I could tell you this much, when you're getting your mortgage worked out, they don't ask him any Olympia to know. No. Now, let me see that bottom black number. How big is that? Well, you know what, we were just talking off camera, you know, about the Thibau, you know, and And Ron is talking about, you know, how they had a room. And when I say a room, if you guys have never had the theme, the halls are enormous. They like, they go on, it's like football fields and football fields along. They had a room that was just dedicated to like Nike and stuff like that. I mean, once, I mean, why in Europe that's acceptable there, but we can't get Nike to sponsor the Olympia. I mean, once that stigma is gone, and I think it will be gone eventually. Once like Nike starts, because a million bucks for Nike is like a joke, you know. It's like it'll just like a chunk change for them. Yeah. Once you get companies like that forking over money, like red bull sponsor, like X games, like with these guys, they're like in jet skis and they're upside down and they're like, it's so fucking dangerous. But they won't give money to bodybuilding. What if I'm red bull, I'm going to give all my money to bodybuilding because that's exciting. You know what I mean? That's extreme. And once you get companies that realize that it's worth investing, because you see other companies that give away a lot of money now, money attracts money. And I think once that happens, forget about it, you're going to get bodybuilders that are going to be making a ridiculous amount of money. And once they do, the physics is going to be off the charts. I think they're going to see physics we've never seen before. You're going to see 10 Ronnie Cummins out there. And that's going to be, I hope I live to see that. I hope I'll alive long enough to see that happen. I hope it happens. And for now, even if it's not at that point yet, it's at the point where I think more guys are competing more often, which I love as a fan of the sport. We're not just seeing Mr. Olympia just sit at the sidelines until the following Olympia. We've got guys that are going out and putting their hat and the ring and risking it like Samson did. Yeah. I mean, look at Larry Samson. I mean, yes, if you want to argue championships, not this nonsense, there's a risk. But to me, he did another show, banked another couple hundred grand. And if you want to call that a loss, be my guest. But I'm all good on a couple hundred grand. He's Mr. Olympia. Yeah. He's been a very Olympia. Who cares? Yeah. Out of that choice. Get back to your original question about Pittsburgh. The lineup is phenomenal there because of the money they're giving away, obviously. And because it's the first show in Jim Manning show, everyone wants to go to the show. But to have a lineup of Nick Walker, good veto, Derek Lundsford just came off the Arnold win. You know, who wants to try to win the three biggest shows of the year, you know, the Arnold, the Olympia and the Pittsburgh, which is insane if he does it. You know, and who do I leave out? Chris, well, Anthony. Oh, they got, um, the. Oh, geez.. Martin Martin Martin Martin Martin Martin Martin Martin Martin Martin Martin Martin Martin. who? And my mind beat Nick last year in the New York probably, even though he didn't beat him. But, so, I mean, you got to, you got to line up there that's this outrage, then you got, you know, Michael, my, Michael, Criszo, who's who looking freaky, you got to Olympia lineup in Pittsburgh. I mean, I'm going to Pittsburgh just because the lineup is so good, so you're getting more people to actually go to these shows too, because they're actually good shows, you know, that enjoyable and I want to cover the show. So I think that if we see more of these happening like this, you're gonna see the body building audience is gonna grow as well because it's exciting, let's face it. A lot of these shows are so boring. There's no one really there who's any good. I don't even buy the paper view because it's so boring, you know? So to see, there's a direct cart, and I got to give Chris the seat of credit because he's the one who said it. He said if they would give more money, you'd get better shows. And I'm like, I don't know, I don't think these guys want to compete, he's like, I'm telling you. And then Arnold gave that 500 before, and he'd give it more 300 for the first year. And all those guys entered and I have to say, Chris is right, more money. More than 100. Another common theme we've found. Yeah. I want to ask you, you've seen, you've coached, like, what thousands of people over there. Yeah. There you go. Is there a common trait that separates the champions from everyone else that, you know, I mean, I'm sure we can just, but I want to hear you say it. Consistency. That's the most important thing. And that's the most important thing to everything in life. We're just talking about before. You want to successful media website, like, ARX muscle, or what you guys are doing. You got to do it every day. It's not a, it's not a, it's not a, once a week thing. It's not a occasionally thing. You can't be a casual bodybuilder. You have to live the lifestyle. If you want to be the best, I'm not talking about, if you just want to look good and feel good in the, I'm talking about if you want to compete at an elite level and be the best, it has to be your life. And you have to sacrifice everything else to the detriment of that because if you don't, and you put other things ahead of that, you'll never be your best. You'll be good. You'll never be the best. And people say, well, you know, family's more important or this one's more, yeah, that's fine. If you want to be the second, the third place guy, yes, that's true. But as story needs, I mean, during the, when he retired, that was the end of his marriage. Yeah, I don't know. I don't know. But, you know, there's things that have looking great co-backs are good friend. You know, so to see stop competing, his marriage ended as well, you know, and Kim was awesome, but they were, it was like they were a team, you know, and that worked for them when they were, when he was competing and doing a period. So, yeah, it has to be dedicated, and you need a group of people behind you that they could support what you're doing. And understand that you're gonna sacrifice everything, maybe even your health a little bit, right? Because you want to be the best at something you're doing. And there's nothing wrong with that. There's no right or wrong, you can't, you can't say that person. That's, he's a terrible person, because only cares about his taken steroids. No, he cares about being the best body builder he can be, and you know what? It's admirable that he's willing to sacrifice everything to be the best, but that's what it takes to be the best. And any champion out there will tell you that and say the same thing. And some guys get to a point with like, you know what, I don't want to sacrifice everything anymore. And that's why they bow out of the sport. And people say, I don't know why I quit or why he stopped, well, because it wasn't that important to him anymore. But at the moment he was at his best, he was giving everything he had to that. And that's what it takes to be a champion. And a lot of people are not willing to go there, they're not willing to suffer and feel like they're gonna die, they're not willing to give up the food, they're not willing to miss the parties with their friends. And they're not willing to, you know, to have people think that they're self-centered ego, maniacs because they're worried about what other people think about them. You cannot be worried about that. You have to be single mind, they'll focus if you want to be the best body builder. And that's the way it works. Yeah. Who, here's a question for you, you know, we're at an hour and a day, we're really pretty sure. Whatever you want, you've gone. Yeah, yeah. Who, I mean, you've seen everybody. Who is the most underrated freak in bodybuilding history that you just don't think got enough love, credit or judging, you know, attention? I think, and I don't particularly like the individual, because he was very jealous and said some nasty things to about me because he was a little jealous of you. But I think he was one of the biggest freaks and he couldn't have been a crazy, successful Bible, Edgar Fletcher, if you remember him from Pittsburgh. Oh, yeah. Yeah. I was a fucking phenomenon. I mean, not a good person, but to Zikwiz man, that guy had it all, but he didn't have the brain. He didn't have the head. Remember Jim Manney telling me he was looking, he was having the old MPC offices overlooked the street. And Edgar was like a week or two out from a show and Jim looked down and he was eating like a cheese burger or something like that. Like, you know, cheating on his diet, you know. And then he was, you know, you'd be like, oh, you know, when you get to the show, they have these shoes. I'm holding water. I don't know why. What happened, you know, film. So, you know, I think that, you know, he's a guy who could have gone very far, but you know, he was his own worst enemy too. So, you know, another common thread in body building. Yeah. Yes. Yes. A lot of guy, you know, Flex Wheel should have won 10 Olympias. You know, if he would have had the mindset of Ronnie Coleman or Dory Nates, he would have been Mr. Olympia 10 times. I mean, there's no doubt about that. So, mindset is really important. You know, and a lot of guys, you know, just don't have that mental toughness, you know. And I think the guys that don't have as good a genetics over compensate by being more mentally focused because we know we have to work harder. I put myself in that category. And maybe you guys find yourself in that tab. Absolutely. Yeah. Because we know we got to work harder than the next time. Because that guy's got better genetics than us. But when you get a guy who's got the genetic talent and the mindset like a Ronnie Coleman, he's unbelievable, right? That's Chris used to say that I won't name any names, but he has had a few really, really good guys. And he's like, if I could just put your brain on their body, it's the right. The wins would be forever. I think Laverone could have been Mr. Olympia 10 times because, you know, when he first came on the scene, he was all out. When he tore his pack, that he even said to me, because I was afraid to train in the offseason heavy because I was afraid I was going to tear it. So I would only train really hard before a show, thinking I was preserving my body, which he might have, he might have deserved it. But he never was as good as he was prior to that pectere. And so he was winning shows and he was placing second at the Olympia a couple times, not in his best. Yeah. Because he had really good legs. If you remember when he first came on the scene, he was saying legs. And then they weren't as good because, you know, if you don't train your legs all year round, you know, they're not going to be, legs are hard to get back. Upper body comes back quicker than legs. Oh, yeah. So I just think he never was as good as it. And I told him that. He's like, you're right. He could have been way better if he would have given 100%. He was a guy who had the talent. He had the mindset too, but he just, he was a little gunshot, trigger shot, you know, on the whole 100% thing. Yeah, he's my favorite physique of all time. And then he's like, that's just, yeah, I take that over anything. Yeah, me too. What was your favorite gym that you ever trained in? This is a hard one because this is so many good ones, you know. It's not Metro flexing the Olympia. I don't like training there because it's hot. It's dusty. Yeah, I don't have the heat. I like the hard-core mentality of him, but it's definitely not something. You know, I, look, I got spoiled because I was, I was living in New York. I trained at Beth Francis Gym all the time. I mean, Steve had the best equipment. It was, the atmosphere was great, because a lot of guy had great guys there. Was it the best gym? I don't know if it was the best gym, but it was the best atmosphere for me to train it. So for me that worked. I mean, obviously, gold gym Venice back in the day had the greatest energy of all time. It might not have had the best equipment, but it was the best energy of all time. Because I mean, in any one time, you had the flex wheeler and core mirror in there. And it was every top body, but it was training in the gym. The Japanese, you know? Oh, yeah. I mean, how do you get the energy of that gym is great? Now, I've meant to gyms that were esoteric gyms like in the middle of nowhere. They had maybe the best equipment I've ever seen. My friend Ron Norman probably has the best equipment in his home gym that I've ever seen in a regular gym. So, you know, but every time I go to a new gym that comes out, I'm like, wow, this might be the best gym I ever went through. I'm always changing my mind. So it's hard for me to say, hmm, that was the best one. And I've never gone to that crazy gym in Dubai. They have that benized gym. Oxygen or buying a spinos? Yeah. It benized gym. I don't, the new oxygen. I don't know if it's open yet, but the benized gym everyone tells me is insane too. So it's funny. Everyone says it's insane, but when I went there, the dumbbells, remember dusty? Yeah. There were no dumbbells on the rack through just all on the floor. Really? Oh, really? They didn't put it away. Wow. And there were no plates anywhere. There were no weight trees anywhere. So you're looking out for running around the gym. Oh, yeah. So it's an amazing gym with these giant TVs and lasers going off and the rack I got going up. But yeah, as a bodybuilder, I'm like, where are the plates? I'm the rack all the way, you know what I mean? Yeah. What's a craziest thing you've ever seen in Beves? Because Beves is a long, long island. There's some tough characters around there. You ever see any scores settled or in Beves? I'll tell you what. I used to work with this gym in a pellum manner. It was called Metrofit. It was in just north of the Bronx and Westchester. Chris knows that the gym because what's his name? Bob Gruskin lived around the corner from there. So Bob would take his guys and do photoshoot. Gruskin. And when I left medical school, I was still living Westchester and had a lease on this department. So I started working at this gym and I would work like 6 p.m. to midnight. And I would close the gym and these guys would come in at night. Like, you know, hardcore, like, you know guys. Turns out they would like, I didn't even know this, but it was like albanian mafia guys. It loved me. They used to bring them steroids and stuff like that. We would always talk about drugs. I'd be biased and stuff like that. But these guys would get into fights with each other with dumbbells and plates and shit like that. And I was like, essentially the bounce are there. And you can't bounce in a gym when people have weapons. And they weren't using knives or guns. They were using plates and shit like these times again into arguments. So I was like Daniel Webster. I was at the Great Negotiator. I would sit, I would have to like negotiate peace. And that was a dangerous atmosphere. But what everyone had in common was everyone loved to lift heavy. And so you could turn it into a competition. Like, all right, guys, let's do a deadlift. Whoever deadlift's more, that's who wins the argument. No, that's, I would do shit like that. We tend to like a dance-off. Like a video dance-off. negotiate with each other. No, I find. But these are pussy. He's not gonna lift more than me. I'm like, all right, let's see. Load up that deadlift bar. And that was the craziest gym I've invented. Never a crazy a gym that because you know what? You never knew every night you never knew what was gonna happen there. And you had to, I had to think of my feet there. And I was only like, you know, 22 years old at the time. And I was, you know, I was like, baby, 250 at the time. I was, and I was just trying to really put on some size. And so, that's the great. I never saw a gym like that ever, in my life ever. And like I said, we'd all happen at like 11 PM at night when there was no one else there, you know? Right, yeah. Dia tell the Albanian gangsters, hey, it's midnight. I got a lock-up, already. Just let them finish their workout. No, they knew they knew it was time to leave. Cause they were, they were great these guys. And you know what? I gave them so much good advice like diet and supplements and how to do this. And I, you know, me only had to anyone's questions. I, I feel like I get off on it. I like giving information now. And years later, I had a problem with someone. I'm not gonna go into the situation. And it turns out that, because one of the guys that used to come to that, that gym at night, was the head of the Albanian mafia. And I knew him. I knew him, because I knew him from 10 years earlier. And he's like, holy shit, they plumber. He goes, he goes, Dave's a good guy, you know? And whatever, I was going, I don't want to talk about the situation, but it worked out my favor because I, it's a bad deal. Bad deal with the use car. I worked out my favor because I, I did a good, I did a good deal. So I always tell people, be nice to everyone. You never know who you're dealing with. You know, it's like the old saying, the guy who comes into the dealership and shorts in the tank top and they treat them like shit because they had some Mercedes dealership or Ferrari, like this guy's not gonna buy anything. Meanwhile, that guy's like a billionaires. No one even knows it. Being nice to everyone. And that's, I'm nice to everyone. I answer everyone. People send me questions. I don't charge anyone to answer questions. I answer questions all day long on emails. I've been doing it for 30 years, you know? And you know what? If you do that, most of the time, those people eventually sign up for you, you know, with coaching for you. I've had guys where I've answered questions for them for 20 years, and the guy even sent me, is you know, you've been answering my questions for 20 years, you've never asked me for a nickel. He goes, I'm gonna sign up for you for coaching, because you know what? I wanna do my first show after 20 years. And you know, and I've become great friends with that person. So, you never really know. And like I said, never, never looked down upon anyone, never like pre-judged people, because you just don't know who you're dealing with. Give everyone the chance to be the person that you would like them to be. And if they prove you wrong and they screw you over whatever, then great. You get rid of him for your life, but don't learn less than people, you never know. That's the perfect way to end this day. You go, this day, you go. You go, like almost like you had this after school special moral that you're gonna deliver to you. Right after the Albany game history story. And that's why they say you're the original OG interviewer in bodybuilding, you know, because a good interviewer knows how to wrap up his own interview. Yeah, yeah, that's right. There you go. But thanks a lot Dave. You got to teach me a great job. By the way, I wanted to just say, keep doing it. I love to see all the new podcasts out there. I like to see people that are, love, you know, telling their stories, their war stories and commenting. And you guys, like I said, are doing it right. I don't get to watch you show, because I don't have time, but my guy in the office to be a mom tells me that it's a great show, so congratulations. Yeah, we're happy that he watches. That's cool. So I hope, you know, good luck with you and species and R-AX, happy all that, you know, everything that's going on and you know, how to draw all the things you need to together to make it happen in bodybuilding. So you know, you can't just do one thing in this industry. It just not how it works. You know, okay. Thanks everybody. Dave Palombo, check them out. Of course, you got to follow mine in Instagram and huge 285, same email. I've had the same email since the 90s. He's had the same email since the 90s. I'm just a change. Yeah, yeah, I give it to people and they're like, you're still on hot mail. I'm like, oh yeah. I'm still on a well. That's a well. Yeah, I love it. Okay, thanks Dave, we appreciate you. Thank you. So this Dave, that was great. It was, we're gonna win for hours. That was crazy. We had a ton of stuff planned. We had all these questions and I just felt like he just gave us, he was like, you know, he'd be talking and I'd be like, oh, I don't need to ask that now. Oh, I don't need to ask that now. You know what I mean? So I thought we did a pretty good job at covering the bases. We wanted to hit. I don't think we'd be missing anything, Scott. Anything we knew? We, we got a very, you know, in that retrospective on Dave plumb. I think all the OG original Dave fans will appreciate this one. Yeah, and a lot of people that know him just as this Dave, yeah, maybe don't understand like, you know, the day that we know him as. And, uh, so not the day that I grew up on. No, no, no, no. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. He was a different dude back then, you know. And I have to mention the contrast. I remember I went to eat dinner with him and aceto one time. Yeah. Like in like, you know, 2014 or something. And Dave ordered a salmon with, with steamed veg. No McDonald's, huh? And that was like, stark. I was like, is it a different person? No, I mean. And then he only ate like he didn't even finish all of his fish. And he was like, oh, I'm good. The whole time he was a judge of your. Did you ask him if you wanted the rest of your sample? The same. He didn't offer it to him. Okay, you would have said no anyways. Yeah. Yeah, but he didn't. Some of it. That's, you don't know. Yeah, no. No. Dorian salmon was completely untouched. But you still said no. And you said exactly. So I'm much, I'm a fan of salmon. So yeah, no. So thanks everybody. And we're looking forward to getting this one out. We hope you enjoyed it. And we love, we love that you guys like when we have guests on. Yes. So it's fun for us. Yeah. I felt like with Dave especially, we didn't want to have to do much. But nothing. Show them. Me. OK. OK, remember everybody like, share, subscribe, comment, and bring them up. Yes, and remember, I am mutant.com. Go to imuton.com, get your ISO surge. Get your all in and everyone should get on the gear, codes dusty, and big run. Use them. Keep us employed. Yes, there we go. And remember, it's just bodybuilding.