But this is someone that's kicked around at 8,900 milligrams of an or 19. Then, alright, training is harder, but there's over than that. It's a total hundred and loads you need to be more concerned about than what it's broken down into. So up, guys, welcome back to the podcast with Dave Crossland. I'm Scott McDaley. Guys, if you're new to our programming, Dave is an expert witness for the court system, testifying and cases related to PEDs and antibiotics. He is also an educator. What do he, he is also an educator for the police and military in the UK. What is that, Dave? What's got there? It's the bag for me headphones. I just found it. Oh, nice. By the way, I got a Christmas cap, which has got to make a quick flight. So we got to knock this one out. He's flying out with dusty, mutant bought him a ticket. And he is going to be flying in business out to back to you and to make it in time for the Arnold UK. I'm going to wipe me out, so that. So listen, you guys are going to be seeing this recorded episode after the Arnold UK was over. But we're excited. Dave, you can tell Dave's in a really good mood today. Dave's really excited. And he's excited to meet all of you guys at the Arnold. So get a picture with Dave, say hello to him. By then, Christmas cabbage will be with him. And you can get all your pictures and autograph signed with the cabbage. Dave? Hi. Hello. What's wrong? Nice. I'm sure it's going to be fine. You Dave, come on. You're puttin' on an act. You were telling me you were excited. And your wife is excited. You guys are going to have fun. It's going to be a good time. It's a lot of wood. Particularly doing performance two days after for three days. So you have to do, basically, you're going to take a bunch of blood work at the Arnold Expo. Yeah. And then you're going to have to race down to get that stuff in before you. Basically for four miles, right? We've got couriers coming every day to go to the lab with the blood. Oh, do you really? So the couriers go every day to the lab with the blood. The lab's running 24 hours over the weekend. And then basically we get back late Sunday night. And it will be late Sunday night. And then we Monday, we, I'm probably going to start doing blood work reports Saturday or Sunday anyway. And then we get back late Sunday night. I need to try and get some work done. And then up early Monday morning to try and start making it because Tuesday we drive to London to do performance for Wednesday Thursday Friday. Let's perform acts. So before makes is a B to B business to business Expo for the fitness industry. So it's a lot of like coaching education stuff and that sort of thing. Yeah. So we're doing, we're doing the first aid for the Holy Venet, which is why we have to be there from the very first thing Wednesday morning. I got you. And then we're doing, so we're, but we have an astound as well. It's a new one for us. I don't know how it's going to be, but the time is suddenly an awful. Yeah, you're going to have a lot going on. I got to tell you, man, that, go ahead. It's, I'm going to be trying to play through probably best part of 100 plus reports. Yeah. What, what, what, what, what do we do in the number X-Men at the same time? It's going to be a lot going on basically. I'm glad we're able to get this show in. And I've to tell you, we had a good time at the art on. Here was a picture that I took of four famous body building celebrities all in the same shot. I only see three. You only see three? Who? James. James. Yeah. And then there's two of a people. Yeah. And I say. Look at the bottom, right corner. But right corner. Yeah. The cabbage. Actually, he's not Jimmy behind it. Behind James. Yeah, yeah, I think it is actually. I think it is. Yeah. So it's cool. There's five body building legends in that picture. There is. There is. I felt very honored. I should try to get an autograph from each of them on this shot. We had a great time. Appreciate everybody who watched all of our post-Arnal content. And we guys, you guys left us a bunch of questions on the previous episode. So listen, we're going to try to get through those. And we are going to need your help with the next episode. So comment below. Comment, fill this YouTube episode up with all your comments and questions. And that's going to help us to boost our programming back up day. Because we took a hit on views. Ever since we got, ever since we got canceled there for a minute. Do you know that? Ever? Yeah, a little bit. A little bit. But we'll be back, you know, things wax and wena. I'm not surprised at all. We're not doing a million views anymore. No, we're only doing like, you know, 999,000. That's shit. It's going to pull you finger out. Yeah. All right, so listen, I'm going to start here. We had a question. He said, maybe you guys can answer this after the urinal classic. Well, it's after the US urinal classic. He said, um, going to get your opinion on Deca and Trin together. My cycle would look like this. Trinney 400. And excuse me, yeah, wait, Trinney 400, test E 300 and Deca 500. Don't be wise, frowned upon, to use two 19 Norris together, although I've seen high level coaches, protocols where they do use both together. I don't think there's anything particularly wrong with using two nor 19s together. I think the issue is around total exposure to whatever draw. And it's very much down to stacking those certain negative impacts of those drugs together. So, I mean, we spoke about it plenty of times how there's a dropping dopamine when on Trin or Deca. Yeah. So effectively, you're running 900 milligrams of a non-19 compound of one version or another against a 300 milligram test base. Now, I've done that test to Deca before now and other clients would be very, very successful with it. It's not that that's not viable, but you've also got 500 training there, which is it 500, 200 training, I can't remember what he said. 400 trend 300 test E 500. Yeah. So, you've got a very harsh compound. And it's not so much that I have an issue with Trin and Deca together. I don't. I just generally have an issue with Trin. Full stop. I just don't like it as a compound. I think it's very selective each use. And I think it should be used incredibly sparingly. I would never look at Trin for an offseason drug. I think it's way too information based. And I would say for pre-com both either be a performance sport like strength based or or even bodybuild. I'm not a fan of it offseason. I just think it leads to bodyway to stress to get the best out of your growing period. Yeah. But I actually combining the two, it's more a case of what your total dosing is. I mean, if this is someone who's never got a above 500, 500 Deca or 500 trend singularly, then it's about move. But if this is someone that's kicked around at 800 milligrams over the 111, 19, then all right, Trin. It's hard, but there's over than that. It's a total hundred and loads you need to be more concerned about than what it's broken down into. But obviously you are putting in there pretty much the harshest compound that we use, particularly than injectable format. So a lot would depend on experience and things like that and how well you cope with the drugs. But I can see, I mean, obviously, for lactone is going to be a concern. I can see low mood being an issue in that. But as regards to putting the two together, I don't actually have any objection to it apart from my just objection to using Trin in general. Okay. Yeah, it's a lot of you make a good point that on their own, you know, it won 19, you start stacking 19 Nours. Now you're basically running the equivalent of almost a gram of 19 Nours and one of them, and I don't even think that like milligrams for milligrams, Trin is equal to DACA. I would say that Trin has more sides, milligrams per milligrams in general. You know what I mean? Yeah, yeah, I agree. So I could see that definitely something to look out for. What about this one? Trincasterone is it more anabolic than anivar? No. Yeah. I believe, I mean, I've not seen data running, but I believe, Trincasterone is actually quite effective. Well, and I've seen a few blogs where people have managed to achieve levels in more based here. But levels in the mid 30s through Trincasterone. So it definitely adds potential to push you super far from a logical albeit just a small amount. Don't think that's it available. And if I'm not mistaken, he was the first one to bring it to market through Trinutrition, okay? And I had spoken to him about it. And then I'd also listen to him talk about it before. And what he had said is the main reason that he wanted to get this, the main reason he was interested in it is because he doesn't want to use antibiotics, okay? And he said, no, it's not going to replace running a cycle. That's not what it is. But he said, if you were to use this long term that the results you get are going to be better than if you didn't use it. And if you're not going to be an option in your life, then it could be something that could be beneficial to get an extra boost. Yeah. I mean, I've seen a lot of blogs that have had over the count of test boosts as applied to them. So everything from Trinutrition, DAA, DHEA, Macaroo, Tonga, Ali, to Kistra, and on the most part, they have had a positive impact. But he said, are these cyclic levels? No, no, when near. But would they maintain a decent, healthy level of testosterone without moving to TRT? Yes, quite often. So natural boosts, they're not going to get you massive. But they can improve you within those natural promises without doubt. Yep, I go with that. All right, how about this one from Robert? He says, okay, just to add to my previous question, which apparently we didn't, we didn't enhance or he said, I mixed waxing mace with Tibetan salt and beta alanine. I got no pump, but my energy level was through the roof. I've used card powders before, but waxing mace is so old school just thought to try it. So my question, again, is, what's the best pre-workout for pumps? Haven't got a fucking clue. Food. I mean, I mean, to be quiet, honest, it's something I know very little about. It's pretty workouts because I don't like them. I've never used them. So I honestly can't tell you, I'm afraid, it's something I've not really looked at, it's something I've had no cause to look at. I don't use pre-workouts with clients. If they want to use them, I'm fine for them to use them, but there's nothing that I sort of prescribed to do. Yeah. I mean, the best thing I've ever found for pumps is growth and slint. But what about, like, he's saying that, so he adds salt in, he adds a stupid insult. He's in beta-alinean and in carb powder. He's like, I'm not getting a pump. Like, what is so off with your, maybe, because it really comes down to hydration, right? We're all talking about moving fluid. The two factors I would be considering is hydration and insulin sensitivity. That are two things that I find. So the hydration has influenced an unsolved electrolyte balance and instant sensitivity to two things that I find have the biggest impact on people being able to, or not being able to get it to pump. Yeah. Yeah. And if he's not like getting a pump already, something is really off. You know, I would say, try drinking more water and see it literally, see what that does. I'm probably going to come across this the bitter ear. But you should be achieving a pump through training alone. Yeah. If you're anywhere near half decent health-wise, I've never needed a pump agent in my life. Don't get me wrong. I've taken stuff that have massively increased the pump to the point where they were crippling painful and almost got work out. But yeah. Yeah. I've never had an issue of not being able to get a pump with no drugs at all. The only time, excuse me. Oh, good. God. Good Lord. Oh, that. Yeah. Um. There's the only time I've ever had an issue with pumps, per se, was when I was post a huge bout of insolent years. And I was very insolent resistant. And that then I did struggle to get pumps, no matter what I did naturally. But, you know, I mean, the biggest impact you're going to have outside of all this is you're training yourself. And if you're training is not on point, you know, you should. But there were things, why I get a pump feels nice. I get a swallow muscle feels nice, particularly a small group, why try so it's all biceps or douts or something like that. Yeah. But it's not particularly essentially growth. That's true, too. I, if people took as much effort around trying to achieve a pump as they did it, trying to improve their training, the progression would be so much better. Yeah. I've never understood this obsession with pumps, the people have. I don't get it personally. I just find it. It's a, it's a psychological thing. You don't know what I mean. You feel that pump in you. I'll tell you what, man. I think that the pump itself can be, um, it can be a lie almost. Do you feel like it's satisfying? You get a good, hey, I got a good pump today. That doesn't necessarily mean that you did what you needed to in the gym to grow, right? Yeah. Yeah, no. I mean, that I said to you when I've messed it around with stuff like growth and insulin pre workout. The pumps have been to the point where I couldn't train. And I stopped using the drugs because it was actually restricted to my ability to train probably. Yeah. Yeah. That's somebody else just said that, too. I stopped because the pump's hurt so bad at ruining my workouts. Here's a weird one from Alex. He says, I would love the channel to cover this question. Is having CCTV closer to TV in opposing room, breaking the law, or is it legal, but just goes against gym etiquette? I would suspect that because it's opposing me. I'm not even far from knowledgeable on this. I would suspect that because it is opposing room where there is no expected actual nudity. Yes. Cameras would be okay. It's I've known, can my systems be in the communal areas in toilets before now? Oh, really? As long as they were cubical-based toilets and the cameras didn't face into the cubical. So I've seen restrooms with cameras over the things. Wow. But not actually pointing the account point at the cubicals. But that was a restroom where there was no urinals. So there was no chance of any nudity means but. I'm not sure. But I would have thought that the nature of opposing room should be that you are in a costume of sorts, therefore you are no different. And therefore they should be no issue around a camera. But I get people being uncomfortable with it. Yeah. I see it as maybe being no different than like in a robber's room. Yeah, but I can understand why people would be uncomfortable about it. I think also because opposing rooms a lot much more focused on English is a much more intimate environment in the sense that usually it's you or you and maybe one over on your own. So it's got a much more private feel about it than a room with 30 people in Leotard's bouncing up and down on trampolines. No, it's I can see there being an issue there. But I don't think it would be criminal. But I'll tell you what's his name. Does he ever watches the show? Oh, Rick Collins. No, everyone. Oh, game being a law. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I can be no law would know if he's with us. Yeah, comment for us, man. Let us know. There's two. I'd be curious to hear what your thoughts were. It kind of takes me back, Dave, because I remember when there was a transition in fitness and bodybuilding that if you were in a hardcore gym, you could peel down to your boxers or whatever. It right on the gym floor. And it was acceptable. You know what I mean? It was acceptable back then. We're in a different world today. I mean, people might peel their shirt off for a minute, hit a couple shots. You know, get the same sullek thing. I hear Sam likes to check his pump. You know? He's like, yeah, let's get a tiny thing. But it's not a common thing now. Like it used to be that you're done training legs. Boom, you dropped those pants right on the gym floor. And I'd talk to people, even in 2016, I was like, would that be weird to you? And I remember some people being like, yeah, I don't want to see all that. Hi, I have a confession to make. Uh-oh. Are you streaking? Again? No, so I, I, I, I've worn baggies. My whole training career. You know, like the AT's sort of baggy fun stuff. Yeah, yeah, like the crazy were. Yeah, I've won those for a very, very long time. I'm not going to bother you to make me loads of mad versions of it. Nice. I mean, I have got you trouble before now, because I tended to go, commander when I was wearing those items. Oh my god, Dave. And I have got you trouble for now for dropping my pants in the middle of the gym to check the pump in the legs and just using my hands to cover my. Oh, no, that's another level there, Dave. That's another level right there. So I confess to having done that. I got it trouble for it. Listen, I will give you, right here. I've got two Canadian dollars right here. Hey, I've got it right here. I will give this to Christmas cabbage if you check the legs. At the Arnold Expo. It's got to be on camera. I haven't got any legs anymore. Oh, okay. Okay. I'm, I am, I, I, I, I literally day by day I am slowly turning into a bigger big of a fap mess than I've got. Oh, come on. Are you keeping up on your cardio? I'm eyeballing some done nothing for weeks. Oh, I know. I know. I just decided to leave it to laughter on all the men get back on it. It just takes you since I know it is, but, sir, no, thanks guys. It seems one of I get away with that one. Well, you heard him, you heard him, guys. Dave's gonna get with it after the Arnold. So be sure to comment and ask him how his cardio is going. And we will, we'll keep up with Dave. How about this one from Still Dreaming? He says, hey, Scott and Dave, I caught you live on Facebook the other day. By the way, guys, if you want to watch our live, you can go over to the Facebook group, but think big body building medium. Says, you told me to comment here a topic ideas. Oh, great, good man. He says, how do body fat levels affect the efficacy of exogenous hormones, both gear and growth? And is more gear sometimes needed? Are there cases where higher body fat levels can be better or enhanced their effectiveness? No, the opposite. So you say you need more gear if you're fat? Yep. Well, I would never say you need more gear if your fat, but gear is less effective when you're fat. Because fat actually has undergen receptors in it. Yeah, yeah. Two things happen when you're fat. You get an increased production of aromatase. So as a result, you've got more of an eastern conversion. And fat actually has undergen receptors. And it actually has ars. So though you're not going to get a positive impact from lunges engaging with the air. In fact, it is going to tie some of the compound up and therefore not have it available for the air in most tissue. And as we have, we don't have an infinite life on antibiotics. Obviously, if the anaerobolic is tied up in non-productive tissue, then it isn't doing a job of signaling for muscle tissue. So yes, being fat, I mean, there's much more downstream things to consider as well, like fitness, recovery, abilities of training, hard, and recovery because of it. Higher issues with heart health, because you carry more unnecessary weight. The dirt, the dirt, the dirt. So there's a whole host of things that can affect your performance off the back of that. But basically, chemically, the fat in you are the less effective your dose will be. Hmm. All right. I think all the fact guys out there, like thinking of excuses, they're like, this is the reason why I need to run twice as much. No, it's the reason why you should get leaner. And I know that's ironic coming from me at the moment, but it is the truth. You know, it's, you will always get a better uptake in this response if you are leaner. Okay, how about this one? Can Dave? I don't know who this guy is, all right? But he says, can Dave explain the Paul, Pogba, doping band and DHEA. So I looked the guy up, he was banned from sports for four years because he tested positive for having taken DHEA. Come on, come on people. So DHEA is the bomb substance. And that's really the thing is with, when you look at weather, they've even attempted to run caffeine. And I think even caffeine levels are actually monitored, as well, in certain things. Hmm. You know, and let's be real. We all know that the performance of vantage caffeine is going to give us is not going to be huge. But when you're talking about athletes at the very top of the game, a small percentage, you still a small percentage, and it still improves their performance. Yeah. Now DHEA is a precursor hormone to do with the adrenal axis. I have adrenal glands to make testosterone. They don't make huge amounts of it, but they do make it. Yeah. In fact, roughly your adrenal glands probably going to be capable of making about five, maybe six and more. Maybe a little bit, maybe a little bit more of your push to really hard. By supplementing with DHEA, you increase adrenal gland output of testosterone. So effectively raising your test levels. It's a mechanism that's exploited in females when they have low-energy and syndrome, but basically low test. And even they don't want to go on to testosterone or they aren't able to go on testosterone because it's just not prescribed or whatever the regulations be, where they are. DHEA is a common secondary supplement. And 25 milligrams of DHEA day can see female test levels go from less than 0.5 into sort of one and a half, two, two, 0.5, and more. It's not huge, but that's hugely impacting in a female. Okay. Long term. So DHEA does have the potential to increase testosterone levels for the average person. Is that going to make any difference to their performance not massively? To somebody at the very top of their game, we may be talking single digit percentile here, but yes, it could have a small positive impact. But the bottom line is, what about it? You use it, you're breaking the rules and therefore using the bansolstens. And a lot of the rules that I've seen, not all, but a lot of the proposals through what are for bansolstens are quite literally a case of, well, this study showed that this compound gave a performance increase. So therefore we're banning it with no actually application of what that performance increase would be in the real world. So a lot of their banning decisions are based around the studies that show some form of, very often lab-based improvement in potential performance from a compound with no real world sort of reality check on how much that is going to affect somebody. But I mean, you're talking at the top end, you're talking about athletes that are very meticulous about every aspect of what they do in order to improve their performance. You know, they've got all the eyes dotted on all the D's, cross. So small changes can yield different results. And when you're only talking for actions of a second, dividing people in first and second, you know, it could be as much as that to make a difference. So it's such a small amount. I get what you mean. Like if you take a finely tuned race car, giving it just a little bit of an edge might outpace another car. But just how small, like if I were going to do it, man, I want to go a little bit bigger than that, you know? Yeah, I mean, I'm so actually, I'm going to go on a course. I, you know, I mean something. Yeah, something. Well, he says, so this is brand new news by the way, because I'm seeing as of like 24 hours ago, there have been stories released about this. He says that, what does this say? They have a few different statements here. But one of the things is he's saying that it was an accident. Now, he was seeing that he was somehow literally the word is tricked into taking a band substance. And he's apologizing and maintaining as in essence, as of just 24 hours ago. Yeah, I mean, I, though there is a possibility he's taking a supplement, not realizing one or even it contained DHA or two that it was even DHA, just as a single ingredient. Yeah, possibly. But unfortunately, in the sport, the responsibility and onus is on the competitor. So whether you had a coach advise you to take it or someone else told you to take it and it was, you were told it was fine to do so. That will not be seen as an excuse for the fact that you've used it because ultimately you are responsible for what you put in your body. Looking at this article, this just shows me how terribly inaccurate the news can be and how little they know about this world. They have a picture of him and the caption under it. I assume this is the same situation because they're talking about him taking DHA. The caption reads, Pogba was banned in February after testing positive for testosterone. Well, yeah, but you see that's the thing. So the downstream effect would be another situation in testosterone. So he's getting that much of an increase in time. This is the weird thing because I suspect what they've detected his DHA. Yeah, yeah. Because when my understanding, if I'm right and I'm sure somebody will correct me if I'm wrong, but when they drill testing sports, what they do is obviously they look for the metabolites, the compounds that are that. They don't actually test your testosterone levels. So the lower it might be worse. They look at tests to epitast, too. Like you will check your test and they look at their ratio. They do look at ratios, that's true. I can't see this throwing the ratio out to an extent where it would be questionable. Right. So I think what this will be a case of is they've picked up a metabolites of DHA as compound and realized that these levels are a way in excess of what's natural this person must have been supplemented with this compound. And he's obviously admitted he was because he said he's taken it mistakenly. He's not denied taking it. Yeah. So I think that's going to be the case. But obviously DHA does result in testosterone production. So they're not quite right, but I think they've just looked at what DHA does and then jumped on the testosterone word because it's more sensationalistic. Right. General public knows what test is. They may not know what DHA is. Right. All right. Well, enough of that, Bollocks. And by the way, he's a French soccer player or English football soccer. Do you guys ever call it soccer? Occasionally, actually. I've heard it used, but maybe we call it football. Hey, one day I want to ask you again. We talked about it a long time ago. If we ever get the time, we have all these questions. But if one day I'd love to ask you again about the Hooligans in Hooligan culture, it's a fascinating subject to be. How about this one about SEO? He says, sometimes I have a bad shot with my regular test. And it gets ugly swelling. That goes down within a few days. If one were to take a more long lasting oil, such as Synth oil, would that ugly swelling if it were a bad shot? Remain as long as the oil was in the muscle, or does the swelling go down in the oil stays in the muscle? Thanks, and advance, long time follower of the show and appreciate the content. This is from Benjo. Benjo. So, Wayne, you've got a swelling off a bad shot. You've got information. You've got actual swelling of the tissue. It's inflamed. It's swollen. It's holding water. You can't manipulate that swelling. It's the tissues. The fibers that are irritated and that are inflamed. That's it. That's it. You're not going to move that anywhere else by massage or doing anything else. When you take Synth oil, the oil sits in the muscle and gets between the fibers enlarging the muscle. It sits. You can, if you do a bad shot with Synth oil. So, with Synth oil, you're supposed to do lots of small shots. Disperse it all around the muscle. And then you're supposed to massage that as well to make sure it penetrates evenly across the muscle. So, you don't get a spot lump. You get this even swelling of the whole muscle. But Synth oil's an oil that sits there for a long time. So, to an extent, you can physically manipulate it with massage. So, if you were to fuck up with a Synth oil shot and just dump a load of oil in one spot, you're going to get this lump. But you can manipulate that with Fizio to get that dispersed more evenly through the muscle. I would suspect it's fucking painful. Yeah. I have no direct experience. I use Synth oil once. I injected it in my calves when I was about 21. Couldn't warp for five days and never went near the shit again. I didn't even know what it was. I was told it was a sight and Hansen that caused local ice growth. Yeah. Yeah. So, I stuck a couple of milling each calf. Could not even move my ankle for about five days. Oh, that's ugly, man. That's right. Yeah. And that was the only experience I've ever had. So, but yeah, there's quite a few online injection protocols of how you pattern it and stuff. But the difference is, with a bad shot, you've got information at the site and that information won't move. Right. With Synth oil, you've got to slow this dispenser oil that you can't actually physically manipulate that further into the muscle with a lot of massage. Here's what I found a couple of things. So, the one time I tried Synth oil, I didn't use nearly enough to make it work. And it's like, I think part of the reason is that you're putting it in and you're putting more in, you're putting more in. And it's like a regular thing. It's not just like once a week and a month later, everything looks better. These guys are taking a lot. And the guys who look like real gross, like the Synth oil freaks, I can't even begin to imagine. Like we're talking hundreds and hundreds of milliliters per muscle. I just couldn't imagine what that protocol would look like, nor what I want to. I have helped reduce localized swelling if it's in an extremity, either adult or a quad. And I found here's what I've done, Dave. I've used, so you try everything, right? If you take I'd be profine, you try to get this swelling down. Some people have iced, I've always used a heating pad. And I feel like that heat helps to get better blood flow in there and carry it away. And then the trick I never hear anybody ever mentioned on podcasts. And it's worked every time for me is to put some slight compression on it. Now you obviously can't do that as easily with a glute shot. But if a quad shot, you could slate, you could just lightly wrap that with like an A bandage. Not tight, we're not trying to cut off the circulation, but just gentle pressure, go to bed. And the next morning that swelling gets pushed, it's been pushed out. Well, yeah, now some of that is because that swelling is coming from on dispersed oil. Yeah, yeah. So there are two types of swelling with a shot. The first one is a pool of oil. Yeah. And he is very, very good because the heat will heat the oil. The oil will then get more viscous, it will get thinner. Yes. And therefore it will move through the muscle easier. And the pressure that you're talking about, the compression, yeah. It's literally, that's it. You're putting pressure on a blob of oil in your leg. Yeah. It allows it to be pushed deeper into the muscle. But the other type of information you're going to get from a bad shot is where you damage the muscle tissue. Now this can be bad needle, moving the needle, pushing into fast too hard. And you cause a localized sight trauma. Yeah. That's actually individual muscle fibers that have swollen because they have been damaged. That's different. That won't disperse in the same way with heat. No, the pressure will. No, but yeah, heat and cold will lower information. But you're not trying to disperse an oil. You've actually got inflamed tissue that you try to deal with. So there's two separate possibilities with a sight swelling. Yeah, sure. In God forbid an infection. Then we're talking to whole other can of worms. And you can get sterile infections as well, whether it's actually no foreign body, but your body reacts like the rays. Yeah. Sterile cellulitis, cellulitis infections, I wouldn't say common, but do happen. Yeah. With any swelling, just a little tip. But if you find a swelling, I would, especially if it's not a lump, if it's a generalized redness patch, I would draw a line round it and see if it's spreading. Yeah. If it's growing, chances are it's, it's probably a former cellulitis. And you will probably need antibiotics together on the control. If it's a lump, then it can be, like we've already said, trauma on this first oil, or it could be the forming of an absence. Now, I've only ever had two. I've never had an actual obsessed, but I have had two lumps that were basically the starts of infections. And in both cases, basically, big green in several times, in a hot shower, plenty of heat, squeeze the livid shav it, and I just aspirated it and cleared it all that way. So I was always thought, what put it in there will get it out. And to it agree, that can work. But it is very specific. You need to have the lump. You gotta be careful with that, too, because if you do have an absence that your body's walled off everything to save it from that infection. And if you puncture that, you could go septic, right? You can do, yeah, you've got to be sensible with it. The other thing you'll find occasionally is that you can get lump, and what they are is pool blood. Yes. So if you've got it, yeah, you've clicked a vein. It collects in a pocket, and it acts almost like an absets. That blood can start to pulse. And again, that can be aspirated. But you'll know, if you can feel when you put a needle into something like that, you can feel when it ends the pocket. You can physically feel it on the needle. In fact, when you do blood testing, what you're taught is, you feel the needle going into the vein. You feel that pop as it enters the vein. You can do that, and then even using a string you can draw around, or you can squeeze out. If you're getting blood and pulse, it's an internal bleed that's going to be a bit funky. That can be aspirated. But if you start to feel a fever or any symptoms of system wide infection, then it's definitely doctors and antibiotic straightaway. And another, this is medical advice. See, medical attention. Obviously, don't listen to it, you guys. And the internet. And I won't say that I haven't done all the same stuff you're talking about, Dave. Yeah. Yeah. I'm going to tell you something. OK. Let's see. And I won't, like I said, I won't say that I have an, I'm no stranger to exactly what you're talking about, too. I think if you've been in the game long enough, yes, these things happen. All right, let's see if we have anything here in the live stream to wrap us up. And then we'll get some words of wisdom from Dave. Let's see, thoughts on subcube test versus at M. Uh, subcube limits for all you. Yes. Um, that would be my main concern around subcube. Uh, subcube for TRT. Yeah, no issues without whatsoever. I think it's perfectly fine. You will slow the absorption rate, so you will get much less with a peak, much more stable levels. And I tend to find because of that, you get a bigger overlap as a result you can actually run a slightly lower dose. So how are you? Yeah. When I used to do TRT subcube, I was down as low as 50 milligrams twice a week, but when I did TRT, I am. I was 60, 65 milligrams twice a week. So it's not a huge difference, but there was definitely a distinct difference. OK. I would really look at subcube for cyclic doses. I mean, obviously depends where you are with cycles as well, but I would be a little bit more reluctant to do subcube for higher volumes. I tend to want to be sort of third of a mil. Uh, max, maybe half a mil, a real push for subcube. Yeah. I've done more. It gets irritating. I've done like a mill leader. And it wasn't a good move. Now, I think it's very volume limited, whereas in to most of the, obviously, volume of that ability increases, and now when she can get in that. Um, but you will get a quicker uptake as well for the NIM. I've done smaller amounts of alkaline teen as well. amino asylum has like a 600 milligrams per mill leader. That's pretty painless too. Um, I went shop there, and if you don't, then don't use code think. But I'd use like maybe 200, 200, 300 milligrams. So like between an a third to a half mil leader subcube. And I found that to work well for me. But then I've had clients and friends that had tried the same thing. And they said, so a lot of guys had said, no, there's too much, too much irritation from it. Hmm. Yeah, you can definitely get a lot of the exercise for subcube. Yeah. Right. See those we have here. Um, I thought we had one. Shh. What are we going to say? Where was this? Something about insolona. Um, fast acting insulin, pre and post workout would help to implement with other meals or on off days. Uh, I can't get longer acting insulin where I'm from. So I personally, when this is, this is me personally. If I wanted the big pumps that we were talking about earlier in the show, Yeah. Then the pre pre post would be my go to. If I wanted more effective use of the insulin to further grow, if I would focus more on around insulin with meals. And I would do fast acting anywhere. I'm not a fan of slow. Um, but I would look at like a start point, probably two to three I.e. per meal. But I'd adopt the pre and post workout. Um, or at least drop the pre. Yeah. Um, because even with fast acting, you've gotten accumulation over a day. Though it peaked quickly, it does hang around for quite a few hours. Um, so you will start to get a little bit of a build up and no overlap. So it is worth being conscious that. Dependent way your doses is your last meal of the day. You may not put any insulin with it at all because you're already going to have elevated circulate levels. Yeah. Yeah. And days off, I mean, I think part of the part of the beauty of insulin nowadays is our understanding that we can get it in there, surgically use it at specific times. And I would personally want to try to maintain my insulin sensitivity or clients insulin sensitivity as best we can. And so off training days are non training days would be my opportunity to not use it. To kind of, you know, make sure that we keep you as insulin sensitive as possible. The more you use the lower your insulin sensitivity is going to end up being. Hmm. Yeah. I mean, if you keep doses, low leaps, impacts not too great, but it actually protects insulin sensitivity to an extent. But when you start going beat, this is why I've also not found a pre post because pre post encourages Ayodosis. Hmm. And obviously when you start going way above what would naturally be produced, then just know where you can't have a negative impact on the insulin sensitivity because that Reset is getting saturated with insulin way above what it would normally encounter. What if you're effectively an Ayurbulv that negative impact is significantly reduced much better tolerated longer. And I wonder when he says, I can't get longer acting in insulin where I'm from. What is he talking about? Does lung acting mean like, like, lantess or something like that? What's he using as using like a novel in our? Because that's novel in regular. That's not rapid. That could be, that could be still. I consider that a middle of the road in insulin. You know what I'm saying? That you take that pre. It's going to cover you through your training. It's going to cover you through your post. And it'll still be active for a little while beyond that, possibly into the following meal. Well, I mean even human or God, it was a peep. I think human or God peaks at night. He'll be in a lot. He's pretty short. Yeah, it's pretty short. But then he's still detectable 10 hours later. Human log is. I'm sure it is. Okay. I'm not. Don't quote me on that. I'm going back to my last days here and trying to remember. Okay. Human in our. You. Um. Malice you sent your breakdown of the. Half license decay rates of all the different insulin. So, dependent on which one you picked. You knew what you were looking at timing was. Hmm. And I can't remember. I'm so. Yeah. I, I, you, you know, and are me. I, I believe maybe. I'm not sure about human log. I have always started to be out before that. Like completely out before that period of time taking our insulin. Uh, act like. Oh, he's somebody says taking regular insulin like human and are taking it. I am will make it act faster like fast acting, which is true. Do you know what you're, yes, you will. Yeah. Um, you mentioned me, Lowe's. Have you over Matt Samson before he's, he's from over there in your country? I haven't. No. Right. So, human log. Doesn't fully decay until 10 hours. It's 10 hours. Okay. But it's peak is at one hour to two. Okay. So, you're right at 90 minutes. There's a very rapid drop off from four to six hours. Okay. So, you definitely then are going to get some overlap pre and post, right? But it doesn't actually fully go. So, you've got this, this really steep peak curve over which lasts about an hour and a half. And then quite a rapid drop and then you've got a little bit of a tail off at the end for the last couple of hours. Okay. So, Samson was working with melo's and he decided not to. I don't know what's gone on there. I only caught part of the start. I just saw Mike Meilers put a, or melo should have said, put up a post saying, you know, thank you for the time working together and enjoyed it. We should all be best. Yeah. I don't know where else has gone on. He's working with his wife now for this for the urnell. Yeah. I've heard a few stories, but I don't know if any of them have any weight to it. They weren't particularly positive around his wife, but I don't know if that's just nastiness and internet bullshit. I don't know if it's an internet bullshit. I don't know if it's an internet bullshit. That's very well could be. Yeah. I don't know if it's not even say that. You know what I'm saying? Because then you say that and then somebody else listens to you and that's how rumors began. You know what I mean? No. Oh, Dave said that there's some nastiness. You know what I mean? Yeah. I have no actual idea to what's gone on. I believe he went to hospital, but wasn't that just for some checks? Yeah. He wasn't feeling good after the urnell, the urnell, the real urnell. I'm going to call it. So what are you going to do at the urnell UK? You're going to hang out with all of your friends and all of your podcast fans, your Dave your celebrity. You know, so I'm sure lining up. So if I'm hanging out with all my friends, you mean I'm sitting there on me on with a stuff cabbage toy. Yeah. Christmas cabbage is on his way. He's literally the minute we're done with this podcast. I am setting him out. Uber is coming to pick him up. He is flying down to meet Dusty and then Dusty got him as it like I said business class seat through mutant mutant hooked him up. So I immediately woke him up, but they woke me up. Yeah. They want to send me over to the people. They want to fly me up. They were going to bring me over Dave, but then Christmas cabbage and you need it to ride home. So they're going to give the ticket to him. All right. I'm going to get all the supplies themselves. I mean we got out Thursday morning. We set up. So Thursday's steady. And then we have the Friday the expo starts. It's nine till six. But it's. It's. The market is a trade day, but I've never really found it to be such. Okay. And then Saturday is going to be the busiest and then Sunday morning will be quite busy and then Sunday afternoon it will die off Sunday finishes at five Saturday finishes at six. Okay. That's longer hours than ours. Yeah. We'll be doing this usual crap. No doubt it's Zach will be giving me loads of shit. Good. We need that. We've got to, I believe Cooper and MegaWitters on the Friday, Nathan Phoebe with his all weekend. Mass Monster Charlie's coming down Saturday. Nice. Amy's getting a flip between us and mutant obviously is primary. Going to be at mute because that's his main sponsor. Sure. But it's going to come across and give us an hour. Okay. Zach's with his all weekend. Broaddrix going to be floating about. He's got quite a few people with him as well. Hollywood muscle. Don't know how to. Yeah. No. I can't pronounce the guy's last name over time. Yes. Yeah. Yes. I don't know. I know. Tonya she's listening to her for show. I met her this past weekend. She was there with Broaddrix. She stopped by the mutant booch and said hi. We talked for a little bit. Got pictures and stuff. She watches the show live a lot of times. I know it's getting way better to do. I'm old. Okay. No, I won't be watching this show. We're going out for a meal with everybody sat in the night. So, where you going? But, uh, for Zendah, all you can eat me. Okay. Is that the place that I went to with you? Dave treated me to a really nice meal. Guys, what we were out there. Actually Dave wouldn't let me pay for stuff when I visited. I'd pull it out while any billi-no. Was it in leads? Next to the canal. No, I guess that's what I've been in Liverpool. And it was a really, it was one of the places that they bring the meat off her. Yeah, no, that's, yeah, same place. Oh, okay. That was good food, man. Yeah, same place. Uh, we, yeah, we're going to the Birmingham version about. Um, so we're taking everybody out for that sat in night. Um, and that's it, really. I mean, it'll be what it'll be up. No idea how it's going to be. It looks. Okay, from what I'm seeing from a point of view of who's there and, and, interest, it looks like it should be a decent show. Yeah. Yeah, I bet it will, man. I hope you guys have a lot of fun. Before we go, uh, do you have any words of wisdom first? Dave, I'm called Dave's advice of the day. I don't know if I've done this before. So, I, if I've got a lot of key swimming, then yes, you have. Yes, he's swimming. Um, when, don't be afraid to say no, don't be afraid to be what many would term as selfish. You, there's an old saying you can't give from an empty cup. Uh, and effectively what it means is you have to make sure you're right before you start giving yourself away to others. And we, we are conditioned through society that you're a bad person if you don't support and help people. But if that helping someone else is detrimental to your own well being or your own financial circumstances, then you shouldn't be doing it. Um, the other thing is that when you give or help, it should be done free. And what I mean by that is that a lot of people will do some really a favor, but then bank it that they're older favour. And if that favor isn't returned, they get resentful of the person that they did the favor. Oh, yeah. Yeah. When that person asked me for a favor, there's very, I don't think they came to you and said, look, can you do this for me? And then I will repay this by doing you a favor further down the line of you need one. No, right. The came and said, can I have a favor? You give it because you're willing to give. And that's the key word, give. It's not I give it you on the condition that you do something for me later on down the line or that you do this or that you do that. It's a gift or it's nothing at all. Yeah. If if you expect something in return, then you make that very clear. It's like when somebody asks me to lend them money, which is rare because I'm a tight shit and don't lend anybody money. But the point is, if I lend someone money, I do it under the understanding that I may never see that money again. Yeah. I may, obviously I'm going to pursue the return of that money because it was only a low. But I go into it with this understanding that I could very well lose that money. And I will go into it also as well way not the right. So if I lend this person who's say supposedly a friend, 200 pounds and they don't pay me back, it's cost me 200 pounds. But then it's like, well yes, but what I've actually done is pay 200 pounds to find out what this person is like. Yeah. And I now know that they aren't worth it. And so, to an extent, I could argue it's money well spent because I now know that that person is not somebody that I want around me or in my mind. Yeah. You learned to listen. You learned to 200 pound less than. Yeah. And so I've paid to learn that. And I don't, I try not to anywhere. I can't say I don't always, but I try not to fall out with people in situations like that. It eats more just a case of, right? Okay. I understand where I stand. I understand where I am in your relationship in your life. And as a result of that, I'm going to choose to not have you in mind anymore. There are people obviously getting to trouble, make she lend money and leave to date. As long as someone straight, it's fine. You know what I mean? I can't afford it the moment because of x-way. It's fine. But yeah, it's still like that. But it's not just about the money. It's also about the giving of your time or the giving of your resources or the giving of your intellect. Never give it unless you are truly willing to give it. If you give it with conditions attached, if you don't make them clear to the person, then what do you expect? You know what I mean? You had to, nobody expects to pay for advice if it's not made clear to them that they'll have to pay that advice back in some form. Yeah. That's true. But at the same time, don't be embarrassed by going, no. I can't do that. Or I'm not capable of doing that. You know, I just don't have the in me to be able to afford to give you that amount of my energy. Yeah. Because you've got to look after yourself because no one will focus going to do that for you. That said, we should assume let's take next week off. Let's first like the eight woods help. So just to let the guys know ahead of time, Dave doesn't hate you. He's just got a lot going on right now. Between the Arnold, you're going to have you're going to have to do all your blood reports. Excuse me, blue reports. Blue reports. Yes. And then you've got to go out and do the trait, the other trait, Joe. So we'll plan to reconvene in a couple of weeks. I do think that is good advice. And it's hard to it's hard to say no, period really. It is especially especially when you want to be able to make people happy. That's what it comes down to in my life, you know. But it's not worth making yourself miserable. When you get on the plane, they say you have to put on your own mask, your own oxygen mask before you can put on somebody else's, right? Because you have to be safe before you can help somebody else. It's the same, basically. Principal, yes. Yeah. All right, guys. Well, thank you for tuning into another episode of the podcast with Dave Cross on Obscaught McNeilly. Go to evilbloodanalysis.com. Get your lab work done by Dave or go to the Arnold UK. Get your lab work done by Dave there. Let's try to hook up you in Ron and Dusty. Take like one minute, please. Go over to the mutant booth and tell Jamie to introduce you. You've met Dusty now. Okay, I'm going to be. No. Why can't they come to me? Why do I have to give my time to them? Because you're giving man. That's why. No, no, I'm miserable. Because it's easier to get one person to go me three than it is to have three people come over to me. One, that's why. And then tell them to come by and tell them you know, you'll give them a pro discount on getting lab work done. You could give them, you know, 10 dollars off. Give them 10 dollars off. Give them 10 dollars off. They're my friends, Dave. Yeah, come on. There's this, there's this too. That's what it is. Discount. What? That's how it is. That's how it is. That's how it is. Exactly. You have no friends. I got Christmas cabbage, but he's leaving. Actually, I'll shit the overs here. Christmas cabbage, run. All right, he's gone. The overhead to pick him up. I just, yeah, yeah, just if, yeah, we just depends what we're like. If we, if I get some time, I'll get across. Yeah, it's going to run a Sunday or something. Something like that. I want to see a picture of you guys all together. It depends how far away it is. I may need to get a transform. Transport? Yeah, use discount code cabbage. For 10 percent off, it's the friends and family discount. It's helpful at it. Alice's that cop. Dave will come and do your labs. You'll get a free pizza. You'll do them at your house. And you could use this code to now also get 10 percent off. In fact, Dave will pay you to do it. No, just kidding guys. Also check out TrueDutrition.com. Use our code think over there. For digital savings, you guys need protein powders and all that stuff anyway. And if you're in the UK, then go to Strom Sports Nutrition. So Strom's going to be there too. I assume. No, I don't believe so. I don't know. No, no, I don't think so. I got to see Rick today or this last week. He was at the Arnold US. Yeah, he was. He competed in some manhogan, but sniffing things. I saw that man. I saw pictures of him in like a little bathrobe. You know, and he wrote it around the floor sniffing of a man's voice. Whatever it was, he did real good at it. You know? Yeah, I believe he has a very good sniff. All right guys, we appreciate you, Tina and thank you to everybody from Patreon. And we will see you in a couple weeks. Of course, we'll keep the content going and say hi to everybody for me out there, day for the Arnold. No. Thanks.