So my job was just pushing through, you know, so your job is to gain weight, to build muscle and bring the pitch on stage and show countless people the improvements. Hey everybody, welcome to It's Just Body Building Episode 154. Brought to you by Mutant. We really appreciate Mutant coming on. Remember, discount codes for North America, Dusty 20, and Big Ron 20. We won't be offended if you dislike one of us in New Year's Code. Without further ado, like, share, subscribe, comment, bring the bell. Here's Dennis, the Big Bad Wolf. Everybody, welcome to It's Just Body Building Episode 154. Our producer's got me now, my co-host Dusty Anxia, myself Big Ron Parlo, and today on the show, we're bringing in a guest, and you know, we only go big with guests. We don't waste your time. We have Dennis, Wolf, Hall of Fame, I've been one of the greatest physiques to ever-grace the Olympia stage. Arnold Classic Champion. I could go on and on and on. What else do I say about you Dennis? I'm all in Ron. Thank you for having me to show, and I thank you guys nice seeing you all. And yeah, you look all great. Muddy-rated and healthy. That's a well-account right now, I guess. We're all getting all of that. It's not fun. You get all the news in the list couple years. It's so crazy. Yeah. Anyway, thank you guys for having me at the show and glad to be here. Yeah, Dennis. You know, you were one of the most impactful physiques on me. You know, I finished competing in 2015, so, you know, those last several years, the last 10 years I was competing. You were one of the guys that was on the scene and kicking ass and doing the Olympia, and you know, won the Arnold and all that. And, and at someone who was just over six feet tall, there weren't a lot of guys on the scene that had pulled that off. And I think you possibly may be pulled it off better than anybody else ever with the physique you put on your frame. Who else do you consider to be in your league when you're talking about six footers? Oh, yeah, thank you for the compliments. Yeah, I think the next day is in my time, 23 minutes was another X. Yeah, I already come back and decoding what X man. Yeah, X man. So, and he put me in trouble in 2008 until Olympia and I was worried, you, you was going to beat me badly, you know, like on stage. And yeah, I ended up beating him and finishing fourth and he was fifth. But man, he looked incredible that year. Also another guy, you can remember probably Quincy Taylor, but he didn't make that far, unfortunately, but he was told and, you know, me and Tony. So, yeah, Tony was unbelievably bootstructured and nice, you know, flow flow physique and all of that, you know, and this is very rare if you are six foot or taller. So, yeah, until today I get so many compliments and, you know, from the dollar guys, you know, like you said, I did a lot of huge impact on, yeah, on the total guys, back in the days because, you know, we all know, that's hard to kind of fill out the frame if you told, you know, short of guys, so it's, you know, easier, but we think the total guys because it goes quicker and they always look round and the total guys getting flat very, very fast and all of that. It's just, you know, a lot more work to do, I guess, you know. What, did you, how tall are you? You're six foot, right? Was that your official height? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. So, I also remember Gunter was a big deal. You know, I, but there weren't. Gunter was my, you know, going into the community, you know, bodybuilding community, you know, start training, start, you know, competing. Gunter was, you know, one of the best Germans back then, you know, human market rule, but they were still competing and as soon as I came, you know, into the pro league. I just completely once with Gunter, but many times with, with market rules. So, Gunter was from almost the same place where I came from, you know, where, you know, there were like maybe 20 miles apart, the towns, it's no towns. And, you know, when I came to the gym, you know, daily stories about Gunter, about his, you know, beginnings and all of that. So, you kind of impact me a little bit. Of course, when I was, you know, building of my career, yes. And then I had that opportunity to meet him first time in 2004 in, in LA, to firehars. And, yeah, we got to have a good conversation that was great, right the time when he beat Ronnie Coleman and the, I think, G and C show something. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, Gunter, Gunter was taller than me or he still told me. And, but, yeah, I mean, he's used from the same area and there was always, you know, a huge honor to kind of, you know, best to, you know, all the times and kind of beat his records all the time, you know. So, because if you hear stories, when Gunter came to the show, like you, he was still a junior, competitor and he was building everyone. So, at the way he's everybody knew, oh, damn, it's, you know, it's, it's, it's, it's getting more work. So, all the stories, Gunter, you know, make a few, man, that was a really different time. But now, if you look back then, when I was competing and compared it to now, that's, you know, another world. What, what was a, give us some insight into how you, you started competing and realizing you were really good, you know, realizing you had more than most of the other guys and you were going to maybe go farther. You know, can you give us some insight into your mind, set as you learned, you know, I got it. Yeah, well, I think it's, it's a lot to do with your mentality, but if you don't know where you at, you cannot build out your mentality or, or your, or you, or you, on certain things like, you know, competing. So, if you're not there yet, so you're just started building muscles, you know, and then if you realize, oh, man, a lot of, all the guys, who've been training in the gym for years and years, maybe decades, you know, talk, start talking to you and like, you know, like, you're planning to compete and things like that. So that's where you're lies, man, that's probably something right what I do, you know, because if, you know, they, they, they, good looking guys in the gym, you know, I'm talking about good looking guys is like muscular. But, but you know, but you let's just eggs, right? So they, they come up to you and, uh, they'll tell you like that, you know, then you start thinking that that was the first thing. And then, of course, the first show, um, I wasn't, you know, I didn't want anything, but I, yeah, after I came so strong that, you know, the most people didn't recognize me, uh, doing the way in, you know, or, um, even before we got on straight. So they, they didn't remember me from the exactly year ago, uh, last year was the same time with November, uh, 99 and then you later, the members, those were the goals. So I went on stage and later when I went down after the pre-judging, like, you know, I felt like a superstar everybody came up to me at like, man, you, you're, you're Dennis from last year, you know, so I made so many improvements that people kind of didn't know, I was competing last year and, uh, yeah. So after that, um, you know, I went to the German Championships, finished fort, uh, in a very, very strong lineup. Yeah, and I thought that I started thinking about, you know, maybe building it out a little bit and, uh, you know, yeah, going full in, you know, turning pro maybe one day. So, but the good thing is, um, doing my off season after just one, uh, my first show, I started getting, um, like, just appearances from the gyms, you know, so I was, I was, you know, making money on the weekends, you know, doing some some posings, and the gyms, you know, and that's where I kind of start understanding man, um, it works. So why not? That's awesome. What was your first visit to the states and what was that like as a, as a bodybuilder? Um, the first visit was 2003. Um, there was, there was a time when I was competing in another, at another iteration, just, you know, uh, I think two shows. And, um, there was a show in South France, and I met a guy from United States. He was a judge and also a reverent. So I invited me and my wife, no, actually you invited me. So I went there for a guess at the, uh, at his show in Philadelphia. Very, very small show. Um, at the time I met Sean Rodin. He was invited and, um, Prince, um, I mean, he was famous at the amateur, um, um, events, or the time he was guest-posing a lot. Prince, I don't know. I don't remember story guys. But, um, you know, I was guest-posing and after that, I asked, a driver and Dr. Richard Brown, if he could marry me in my wife. So you said, yeah, I went out. Of course, I can do it. So then my wife came to Philadelphia. We had trouble to get the, uh, the license to get married in Philadelphia, because we were shooting in the, um, studio or someplace. I don't know, to get this license. And the thing was, I, I couldn't translate from my wife, but my wife couldn't understand English. So we tried to get it because, you know, they were afraid that I would force her into the marriage, what I thought. So that, you know, so we could get the, the license in Philadelphia. So in, uh, after a couple of days, um, Dr. Reverend, uh, Richard Brown, he called, uh, some friends in Delaware. And they told me, hey, that's my problem here. So we went to Delaware and, um, yeah, got the license and got married in Philadelphia. That was my first visit to the United States in 2004. So, so, so it wasn't even, it wasn't even Los Angeles. Oh, no, I mean, what's people from Germany got me, you know, getting married in Las Vegas, so sorry, you know, got married. Yeah, yeah. Um, so, how, when did you, uh, when did you, you really realized like, I could win the big shows, like, an Arnold Classic is possible for me. But when did that really become a belief that you had? I think after, you had the famous 2007, the five finisher, you know, my second Olympia. After that, I, you know, the plan was to come to 2007, let me still Olympia and to make the top 10 because the year prior, I was out of the top 15, uh, was a little bit pissed, but I was already in my mind heading to the Olympic Games, because I knew, you know, at that time, back then it was normal. So I knew I was, I will be, you know, probably just doing my thing, but, um, you know, I don't get the chance or not, don't get the comparison, um, you know, I deserve. So that was my thinking already because, you know, I'm from, you know, abroad, I'm not an American, you know, that was back then. I mean, you guys probably remember it was always, uh, big, big team, you know, you know, people from abroad thought, that's very, very hard to get into it, but, you know, if you put your mind into it and then work again, you can, you could make it of course. But anyways, 2007, when, um, you know, the crowd went nuts, you know, and then, uh, how I looked and how everything just went through the whole weekend, you know. I didn't get the comparisons, probably I should get, but I get the importance of the pairzons, so that people and judges understood like, oh, where I'm at, you know, and I was just 20, 28 to use, oh, you know, so that was, that was the beginning. So, and then I thought, after finishing so strong, uh, to win in 2007, I thought, man, um, the world is open, man. I really thought, yeah, I can do a lot of, you know, wins, but, um, like I said, then I started kind of switching out a lot of the bid with, working with another three in our house and love, love, and, you know, just, it was like two, two years, two, three years, I was kind of, not, not, you know, improving. So I could probably, you know, be at the peak already and, you know, coming to the top. So it's like, when I go back on that, it was wasted time. That was no more guru, it was right? Exactly, so I took 2010, I was probably four, uh, quarter, a quarter. I said, no way, I'm not doing it anymore. I'm just, you know, I know what I, what I did before, you know, I know my body, I feel everything, I know what to do, I know how to be body reacts, when I do this, when I do that, you know, and, um, so I was just training my body and training my, my, um, my senses, you know, kind of, two, two, three act on time, you know, not too late, not too early. So, and it took me also, uh, while to, yeah, to realize how everything works exactly, you know, with, with, with my body work better, better to say how my body works with, you know, all of the things I do, you know, so yeah, it was, was tough time, but, you know, experience is better than anything else, you know, you, you know, it's up and that, you know, that, that my experience, you know, I use my experience now in order to prepare my, my, my, my, my, my, it leads and all that. So, it's, it's, it's, you know, good, I'm right now, back then there was, it was a time, money, you know, I mean, you sure, if you're not finishing in a top three or top five, it's a Olympic, you're not getting a good big check, right? So, if you're out of top seven or six, you know, here you're around 10 grand, you know, but in the top five, you're like 30, 40, 50,000, this is what extra goals in your pocket, you know, I mean, you all had sponsor, you know, contracts and all of that back in the days that was completely different story and that, but everything, what you want or did, like, extra, like, your experience is, well, there was all good, right? So, you're, you're kind of lost some money experimenting, you know, coming in in a good condition or not, you know, you know, all of that, you know, it's, it's a lot of time and money. What, what made you decide to, well, and to, what made you decide to have a prep coach after your top five finish at the Olympic that you're, why did you decide to give that a go? I was working with Milos and somehow I don't know what happens, we kind of didn't communicate anymore that often and, you know, and I went to, um, I was, you know, I wanted to try out, you know, if you young and in the beginning of it you really think, some coaches do know more or, you know, you do a lot different things, but, and of the day it's, most of the other say and, you know, it just, it depends on what you're doing, and you know, but, and of the day it's, most of the other say and, you know, it just depends on the peaking or not peaking, you know, so that was how you should, yeah, you know, I was not peaking or I was peaking and then losing it, doing it during the campaign comparisons or I was looking a lot better, like, two days out and then, I mean, they have to show, I was, you know, like, 20 to 20 percent worse compared to what I looked today's prior, you know, so, and that was, you know, also like, you know, what, what, make me think like, no, I mean, I had so many coaches already and, yeah, just doing it myself and then I can blame myself, you know, that's it, you know, something went wrong. What do you think was your very best look like what what pictures do you look at and you think, God damn, I looked good. Yeah, everything from 2005 onward. I'll say in my pro career, 2007, like, oh, I did four shows, all of them, three shows, all of them. I looked amazing, I think, you know, like winning the kiss and pro, I looked so crazy good or finishing, you know, placing third that the New York pro, before that, you know, there was branch and Venice James, first and second, that was a tough show and we all looked amazing and I think, like, yeah, like, I will honestly say the whole year, 2007, I like that and of course, 2013 when I was placed, third until Winter and many, many people didn't see the pictures from 2012. I didn't even mistake, I, you know, in a preparation when I was speaking, like, last two days, I decrease it my soul, it takes so low, you know, drastically, it was so low that I lost so much volume in my muscle and it took me, yeah, I mean, I had no chance to fill it up, you know, again, that short amount of time before the pre-judging, you know, so that's why 2012 was probably one of my worst years, but honestly, if I will just do what I did, like the whole week, I would be much better, you know, in a much better condition and we'd rather better package on stage than 2013. That was the mistake I was talking about, everything by yourself, you're experimenting and I don't know why, but most of the body was talking to a lot of friends with them. You start not thinking clear if you're so close, you know, to the short, you know, because, you know, all the low carb stuff, I think your brain is just, you know, start messing with you, you know, you think then, oh man, I need to do something different to, you know, got that last, you know, condition, you know, so, and then I decided to do our check with Dennis James, like five weeks out, three weeks out, or two weeks out, just to have someone who can tell me, look, everything isn't on point, do whatever you do, or man, you need to hurry or whatever, you know, so that's what I start doing and that helped me a lot because when somebody like Dennis gave me that, you know, advices, you feel better because he's more experienced guy, I mean, he's 10 years old, he's competing 10 years longer than I do, you know, so, and then you, you, you calm, you're, you're good, you know, so you're just doing, you're, you think so, yeah, like I said, you know, you're, you're head messing with you, when you're close to the show, you know, so, yeah, that was the mistake, but like I said, 2007, and 13, my best looks. Who, who were some of the guys, I mean, the era that you competed in was such a fantastic era, you know, you had, you had the, all the jay years, I mean, you know, you still had Victor was still there and just such a great group of guys, you had Kai Green coming up and Phil, he's joining the ranks and like just a crazy time for bodybuilding. What were some of the, the physics that that you looked at and fought, fuck, that's, that's a, that's an amazing bodybuilder, you know, who, who impress Dennis Wolf, because you were like the biggest guy, like you were like the widest guy with the biggest legs and all that stuff, but who, who did you look around at and think damn. Thank you. Um, look, it, it, the beginning, when I just, you know, turned pro and it was, I don't remember, I think it was Iron Man 2008. I was watching live and, so, Phil, it, I mean, there was a lot of waves going, you know, and around him, his name and, and he was on the cover, he was on the cover already, but he didn't compete again, so, and I was watching the live stream, you know, like early morning and he, he, he, he, he, and that looked when you won the Iron Man, that look was so impressive, you know, I was like, man, I'm, I'm probably gonna lose against those guys easily or, you know, I'm not that impressive as he is, because like, like everything, everything was so full, but striated, um, to the limits, you know, and the, the, the, the, the density of the muscle or, uh, the separation, all of that, the whole package was just insane. I was, I was looking at this and they were like, oh my god, I was, uh, almost kind of, you know, like, like, having that feeling somebody punched me, you know, and so I need to get up again, so, because it's a, a problem, my head, honestly, yeah, yeah, you were, they're good, really, really good, but that's, that's year, I'm believe we're good, yeah. I, we've often said on the show that Phil is the, uh, like the, the Mr. Olympia that got the least amount of love, you know, and then in hindsight, everyone realizes how unbelievable he was. You know, he was such a dominant champion that, you know, everyone loves to it, the kind of, you know, people are, they want the champion to get, you know, I want that guy to get beat, you know, and people cheering for Kai and all that. But looking back on it, we've, we've all talked about how like, no one was beating him. People thought someone was going to beat him and like, no, no. Just a little man, like like the, the other physique, which is developed completely, so there was nothing to, you know, to grow or less to grow or to work on that on that, it was complete, you know, I mean, we're not not talking about structure, bone structure or whatever, but his physique was complete, and, you know, and I think that was my, um, what I was missing, you know, I, I could complete my physique to 100% where, how I wanted, you know, so 2015 was my last year, you know, since 2016 it was like, you know, kind of, you know, healing, yeah, so, so, you know, we know that your neck, your, your C spine basically kind of collapsed on you didn't it the discs went in your neck. Yeah, yeah, so yeah, and you had that off, you had that off you was, yeah, you had your neck fused, right? How, how do you feel now your body's functional and you can, you can work out and do everything you want to do? Basically, yes, yeah, but sometimes, you know, I need to be careful with, with, with, with, with, with, weight, uh, loading or, or loading my neck with the weight, you know, so, going to doing dates, three dates, it's, it's very, very dangerous, you know, I need to be warm or do the first couple, or set with, with a band or so, you know, things like that. So, I, I work around my neck, so I, I try not to put a lot of pressure on the neck, but I, well, I do, you know, with, with a lot of training I do, I do a different style, but that's the only thing. But anything else, I train pretty, pretty good, I mean, without any issues, um, yeah, but, you know, the cows don't grow anymore, you know, but I like this, it's weak right now, I have. So, I, you know, I enjoy my training, and I enjoy it even more when I have like athletes training at my gym, I'll go or see in my brick brick yard, and I'll shoot it. So, that's that motivates me, so, and that makes me gonna stay on, on, yeah, on schedule. So, I don't train like six times a week or so, I train like three, four times, depends, you know, how many clients I did, the week or, you know, how tired I am. Yeah, and so on, basically just saying fit. So, you're, you're super, I've told you this before, every time I see a dentist, I tell you, it looked like a million bucks, because you're walking around like, you're walking around shredded. Yeah, he's always in reason. Right, yeah, yeah, you're always feeling like when you were doing this, yes, me like, oh, do you train and like, oh. What's that, I always get like, you're like, oh man, do you do you do you do you do you do it? Nothing anymore, you know. People have a hard time wrapping their brain around that, because you look so good that they think you must be in the peak of your working out, you know. What, what, what, what are some of the benefits? What are some of the pluses? Like, you know, I retired from competing, you know, years ago too. And you've got to try to find the positives and like, being lighter and all that stuff. So what are some of the things that you, that you like about, you know, how much do you weigh? You're like, two, fifteen, right? Oh, no, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm my own, wait. Two, twenty, five, what do you, I thought you said, you told me you're two, twenty or something. Oh, okay, okay. So what are some of the things now? Do you ever look back and think, man, I can't imagine being three hundred pounds again? Oh, look, um, first and foremost, they, they're well-being. So anything you do with, like, you know, just going somewhere and like, sweating, breathing, uh, sleeping, all different. Yeah, yeah, yeah, like, I can say like, hey, if I, I found myself, I'm a little too, I don't care, you know, back, back then, I would kill somebody. You know, because I was in rage, I was, I was hungry, you know, so things like this and, you know, from from the, um, healthy, uh, standpoint, um, like, no pressure on nothing. So I sleep well, I, I even tried to sleep on my stomach now, but still have issues with that because I have, like, a lot of break-ups from that, you know, kind of, put in my spine, like, you know, so because I'm not used to it, I always sleep on my back or on the side, but on the side is like, you know, having another three pills, around, you know, to kind of make it comfortable for you're not, uh, squeezing up your, you know, your, your, blood, uh, in your arm or whatever, you know, you guys know that you, you've been, you know, yeah, that's this too big, you know, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, like, you know, it's a nice, you know, you're always, uh, the positive to, um, yeah, um, basically healthy lifestyle, healthy lifestyle in, you know, I can go for hike without dying after that or, you know, actually doing what I like to do and what I could do back then, you know, yeah, more incorporating normal life in my schedule. What was the heaviest you ever got? What was the heaviest body weight? 315-320. So it's 140 and 3 kilograms. Yeah, it should be 15 someone. But you never really brought bad ones. Yeah. So I know it was really. Oh, lost your sound for a second there. Lost your sound for a second there we go. There we go. Oh, okay. That's cool. We'll make it work. So you know, I never had this belly or whatever or you know, was fat hanging around or something like that, never. But I was making sure how I get heaviest possible. It's heaviest possible when I was young. When I turned like 32 to the 3, then I knew I mean, there's no point to get heavier because you know, I was still you know, carrying a, you know, enormous amount of mass. And I was staying around 300 only times doing the off season because when I was starting doing like two seasons, you know, spring and fall, you know, then you have always short off season. So I didn't need to get too heavy. But I got to get back to my off season weight, like three in a pound. And then back, you know, to my on stage weight, I was always around 265 to 27. So a lot of people think I was always around to 80 or so. But as I looked like that, but no, heaviest I was was 275. And only once when I won when I, I was a class of title in the Euro. So because I was always doing something new. And I, I loaded that that crazy and then it worked pretty good. So I won that and I looked at it on one stage. So that was the heaviest one. But the lightest was always like around 265 to 28. Yeah. What were the training principles that you focused on? And to, you know, you got people, you know, on one end of the spectrum, you got like the Dorian style training. And then on the other end, you know, you got like the three hour workouts with lots of sets. What was your style, Dennis? My style was mostly high volume. So I, I love to get as much blood in a muscle as possible. When, when, when I finished last or an out of top 15 in 2009, I'm still in the beer. I, I changed everything. I, I was changed my lifestyle, you know, when I had prior. I stopped smoking and, you know, start training differently. So that was a year of training. I was doing Dorian's during the eight style because I had a pain. I was doing that with me. So that, that, that's why it worked, you know, because by yourself, you know, not getting to, to the limits, you know, with that style. So, and I did that. That work pretty, pretty good. But then, you know, I did work with the training anymore. And I went back to high volume. And, you know, almost my whole career was high volume. Of course, all of that, extra right, you know, going to Arizona training with Dennis with with crazy, you know, Dropsets and super sets, all of that. You know, I tried to make some changes. Sometimes, you know, just to bring something new to feel something different, you know, that's it. But mostly all of that was high volume. You mentioned that you quit smoking in 2009. So that's a smoking. So that's something that we always, real is Marcus too. Yeah. So I remember all of us watching Marcus rules video. And I like late, like late 90s or whatever. And he pulls out the mall borrows and he smoke in the mall borrows. And I remember going to the Olympia in over two. You know, you're actually a grocery store, and went out of the parking lot. Yes. Yeah. And I remember in 2002, I went to my first Olympia. And I was outside the hotel. And Marcus rule with Stan and out there and is massive jean jacket. That Dennis jacket that he used to wear. And he was Stan and outside smoking. And I remember just as a young bodybuilder, I was like, Oh, like, he's smoking cigarettes. And then my friend said, well, yeah, he's German. They all smoke. You can't be good. Yeah. You grow up like this and then you go into the sports. It's not man top to stop smoking. And invent out of control. Also, you know, it was kind of good that I decided to change everything in my life. I was ending up on smoking like one and a half packs a day. And even getting up in a night taking a dump. I was lighting up our cigarette, you know, middle night. Just, you know. That was scary for the band. And it's like, no, my man, that that that that that need to stop. You know. So, and then it took me like two to three weeks. And I had no, you know, kind of, I didn't miss that anymore. The first week was good because I was motivated. The second week was worst ever. I was like, oh, man, you know, and then yeah, it was good. I was so happy that I did that decision or I made this decision story. You know, yeah, crazy. People were, you know, even when I was like touring like Australia, you know, you need that, right? So you need a small, right? So in between you go somewhere. So nobody sees you and you start smoking the cigarette. You know, and then fans come by and on the old days, say, hey, hi, can I take a picture of you? You know, and then I felt like, man, that's not good. And then also you, you don't smell it, but people smell you. For sure. For smell that you, you know, you're smoke, you're you. You smell like, oh, that's right, you know. You yourself, you don't really want that, right? How do you feel about smoking now, like smokers? Because I know when I quit, I took an attitude of like, I got really, like I really started to hate the smell of smoke. And it just, I started almost having like an attitude towards people that still did smoke. I, I would say the first five to six years. Man, I, I, I cool. I cool, I have it around me. Yeah. Yeah. I, you know, not just because, oh, I, maybe it, it makes me weak or whatever. No, I was almost throwing up from from that smell. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But now I'm, I'm over it. I don't care, you know, people can smoke, you know, it doesn't bother me anymore. That, that much. But right after, you know, I mean, you probably, uh, remember that, uh, you, yeah, since as you get, and you stop, you have different, or more, more things like everything you, you, you kind of, yeah, feel like you're in a new world. So so many, new smell, something in your feelings, uh, yeah. So beginning, you know, being on non smoke I would extremely, uh, fascinating, I would say, say because you've been sporting for years and then you know feeling that it's unbelievable. What about I got one more question than that. What about dieting? Because I know nicotine is an appetite suppressant and if you're not eating it's like that's something you can still put in your system you can still smoke a cigarette. What about the next year when you started dieting and you didn't have that that crutch you know to to kind of keep you firm being dealing with the hunger if you remember. I don't really remember that but look I was glad not having that much hunger during the diet because if the body needs that it comes back. And so when I was starting the diet I never was you know having like huge appetite so I cool I couldn't finish my meals like the first two weeks. So then it comes back and you start like having this crazy appetite you know so but I was I was anyways glad you know not eating much so because during my diet my prep you know like the last six weeks I was going up to six meals a day so there was no time to to feel hunger you know so I was more or less kind of not or I was glad not not or no I thought it sorry guys I was like I was not feeling the hunger because you know I was like having like every two hours my meal so it was like not not a tasting meal so it's a dry last three or two meals for more carbs so if you eat like dried chicken without carbs or fish it's just annoying you know but you have to eat so that was no issue with with the hunger you know you're not a big you're not a big eater I heard like a year ago or so you're like eating like you at least a year ago you're like I'm eating like three meals a day now I'm glad I don't have to do all that anymore. Now I'm eating four meals okay you know who meals are with you know steak and fish and other two meals I just you know the pancakes or something else so I'm still kind of on a two basic normal meals you know so I get all my nutrients and then the other meals I kind of experiment you know whatever I like at that time or sometimes I like to do pancakes right after my work you know at 9 p.m. so that's you know depends you know so when I'm more you know free like you know I'm not going crazy or not not making myself crazy about missing a meal or not eating like a meal or something like that so it's it's it's all over it with all of that back in the days if you will give me something without meat except that's breakfast or the last meal no way I mean like I don't know why just carbs without meal without meat doesn't make any sense you know so because people you know normal people they don't understand what this protein would have fed what is carbs so they just eat some fatty meal there's no no no fat there's only fat in carbs but no protein you know so those fast are you know normal you know but for me every meal that they have to be a you know some type of protein chicken right chicken steak or fish so that was big then but now I don't really care you know I just take care of my protein and also I have also energy from my my workouts so also you know they did the carb intake is not that high too so let us just wouldn't get to energy yeah when you were when you were at your your biggest like say off season how much how much food were you taking in that was like you know a little bit dirty like how much pizza was Dennis Wolf eating how often would you go to a restaurant have a like a big feast you know in the off season and off season I'm saying every Sunday anyways I I can't do the same as in my prep so my prep was Sunday cheap days so I didn't do a meal so you cheap days so and you know basically yeah the whole Sunday and then maybe if we are out or so then of course I will eat something different but I'm a cleaner still I can't even eat something with sauce or you know so I'm sitting like in the restaurant and see people eating you know putting sauce like over the steak or something or you know it's like for me too much you know even now I could I could do that I could eat you know so my my meals are more dry than then you know like flooding that would go and get chabbing things like that you know right right I've got a bunch of questions here from fans I think dusty as if you too but we can alternate yeah I got I got one from actually my friend Todd who you should you probably remember he filmed you in 2012 for musculid development and he actually told me he told me a story that he came out to your house in Vegas at the time and he had his kids with him when he was there to film Dennis so they're filming and next you know Dennis is wife he's got the kids on the couch eating ice cream sandwiches while Dennis is in prep for the Olympia. Walk in TV while they're filming and then Todd's got an insane memory he actually texted me he's like that's when he had the Dodge Challenger 392 he me and I guess you drove him to the gym that day all in ass to a lost face athletic club he still tells me about that stuff and I've seen some pictures of the kids over there and it's it's cool to see I think a lot of people don't I mean we're kind of blessed to be on the inside but I don't think people realize that you can have you could be in prep for the Olympia be that locked in and and you had the ability to still have some fun and enjoy things outside of just prep like your cars and like I said I was just bored press that you had ice cream sandwiches in the house but that's apparently for some yeah greetings to you and to the family of course and look I always been like this because my life and my daughter been always eating whatever wanted you know around me and it's just you mindset if you want to do what you do I mean there's no there's nobody who can or who could distract me I was right you know I was right on I mean the whole theory there's not like any memory I have that I will say can you go away with the pizza or whatever so we will have a dinner I would have my meal and there would have like whatever sometimes with us sometimes something something even better with you know homemade which is you know some really fatty and slowly and all that I will never say anything because that's my problem my job my wish we do that right so and that's how I look on on my career because you know without you know my mentality I will never make it you know so to show her yeah but they I was that's who I remember that you know the family was in and my wife like given all the ice cream sandwiches yeah we were driving with that heavy I had a three years or so yeah right we were feeling like we thought yeah yeah great guy yeah when did you move to Vegas we moved to Vegas in 2010 so you know what yeah yeah what what's your favorite thing about Vegas and what do you tell your your friends and family back in Germany about you know what it's like to live in Vegas yeah there's so many TV shows you know streaming from Las Vegas with you Germany I think they know more well because they're not you probably thinking hang out on the strip yeah hey just one second I just remember that I was at the Arnold Expo and when Jan lady came up to me she was around in the American and she asked me honestly do people really live in Vegas you know I I'm like I didn't know what you say like yes that people here there are look many people think Las Vegas is just like a city for tourism you know and there's only a strip right so that's you go there just to celebrate a big party right but we are mega city we're almost a three million population so it's it's crazy but what a lot of above Vegas they have almost everything around they are on town so we have mountains they have a late I mean it's drying out right now but it's been drying out for years and nobody you know give it damn about it so and you can do things and doing the winter we have our ski resort another ski resort but ski um plates we can do that I mean every weekend you know it's almost snow at the mountains and the weekend is packed man so you know this is Vegas you will never think that's in you know in a desert so we have so much floors by here I mean two hours away is a how much like how much do like everything is is close so you know Las Vegas if you're in the United States you know doing during vacation Las Vegas is this place to be you know at least for a couple days just just check it out because you know not not not talking about straight I mean there's so many attractions and all of that but just to see how the city is built so you're mostly driving always around the city was you know straight through the city but you see the whole city while you drive so and this is for Europeans especially Germans you know great to see because you know I like to drive along long drives right like a couple of hours and here is more comfortable you know you see more you can you see the whole city driving like here but not in a east coast of course but in Germany it's all like you're on the Autobahn but you know it's you don't see much you're sometimes oh there's a castle right oh there's a castle but that's that's it right yeah but you can you like far far far away and that's what I like and also for the Germans it's like that's what they started talking about freedom you know big country you know so that's what makes like in overall I'm not just Vegas like America so interesting for the Germans and Europeans yeah the Vegas is you know like the whole city turned into our sports city or athletes city you know so we have so many athletes here it starts with MMA and all body bullets move here you know nobody's in LA anymore or Venice you know so it you know it happened a lot in the last like 12 years when it came here like I remember driving to the world gym like all highway or freeway were empty right now the same highways and freeways you know you're in the traffic you're standing on traffic you know or even boring but yeah in the evening so any imagine just 12 years what happened in Vegas so the Vegas is growing so fast it's insane it's insane I never seen see the like there's you know building out like that quick boom boom boom this is it's cool this is crazy do you do you if you go and do an NFL game yet well okay awesome there we go you got to you got a hockey player and a Canadian here so you're yeah well like that yeah I just saw maybe I thought maybe with the Raiders in town you know what's that that's cool that's cool just for fun I will I will go off to see again but I'm not a fan I don't understand that and it's like for me as an athlete like having so many breaks doing the game is not only for you you know and you call you want go what cool I mean you're stepping on on a clock you know so it's it's crazy that's why I don't like it you know if you're the game you're just play right so but it's like one move and then like five minutes or three minutes break so you cannot stay or you cannot keep your ankles everything warm so yeah the injury risk is high so but hockey is like man sport I love that you know there we go I love this I love it man I love that yeah but it's also been a while when I was you know when I went last time I think a year or so almost too but before that I went with my friend very very often because he got the tickets it's good prizes yeah yeah I love that yeah yeah in Vegas everything so every week and you see you know everything so it's it's a town to be you know yeah but what time yeah it's it's crazy right anyways I know you've got one yes I know you've got that awesome gym in your backyard you know you hooked up with you hooked up with Jim 80 right and they they they hooked you up in the backyard there that's so cool how often yeah Jim 80s I remember going to Europe for the first time and seeing all like the old Jim 80s stuff from the 80s in some of the gyms and thinking oh this stuff super heavy duty like this is really good equipment and then now they've got all the new stuff up yeah so how often do you train in your backyard versus maybe going to like a gym to work out I have been in a gym for months really basically it's like got my equipment from Jim 80 and we are you know put it all together in my backyard I only went to the gym when I was too windy outside to cold like during the winter couple times and now when it's too hot so basically I train either in the morning outside that's the perfect perfect time from 5 to 9 it's just great or after 7 p.m but you know if you get a lot then we go to the gym of course yeah because you know it's it's just you also you you want to enjoy your workout but not and I have man it's too hot so you don't want to do it right so yeah I'm making sure that it's enjoyable also for me and my train sport who who's your favorite active bodybuilder currently you know one of the top guys who do you really think is awesome or just favorite personality too I mean most of them are my buddies but yeah I mean I'll say of course bornek William is a great guy you know I still support him because I remember when I got hurt and cool completely just 2016 all over here came and run me they yeah they they you know send me some love during the press conference and yeah William Rami I mean there's so many but those two guys are of course in my heart and my other favorite bodybuilder which physique I like and who you know cool have done more damage of course like in the last couple of Olympias it's hard to do but it's impressive yeah yeah so yeah the rest man the younger guys like even for here can any guys you know um at one just want to show yeah has the suit yeah come back King yes yeah for him you know he went to yeah yeah but hey he didn't by himself you know he pushed himself through it you know went to you know he needed to do couple things and yeah now you see the the goal is as rich you know he is at you know at his you want to show I mean that was his goal so it's I'm just glad and happy to for him absolutely I remember he was competing uh man at the Arnold's amateur like in 2012 and you know so yeah he's been around it's been around for a long time yeah that that's why it makes me happy to see him winning show yeah I remember it was maybe a couple of years ago it was at the Olympia and it was at the the Meet the Olympians and I saw you walking around you know great shape obviously downsize at this point and I I looked at you and I distinctively had this moment of feeling old because I was like I feel like just last year it was just last year wasn't it that he was the guy that everybody was coming here to meet and now you're like you're a downsize you're walking around you're doing your thing you're still really plugged in with the sport but it made me feel like like things move so fast in bodybuilding and and and I had been curious it's a question I was actually thinking of even back then what do you think about this just like you know I know Ron asked like who are your favorite guys but just bodybuilding as a sport in general today compared to what feels like yesterday but apparently was a long time ago now you know five years ago well hey I agree totally the time flies and you know like what is a year right a year goes so fast yeah so well it's it changed bodybuilding has changed a lot that we'll okay and agree on that right so like big shows now yeah we have more shows we have more pros you know like every second guy on on Instagram and and lady of girl pro's too so yeah I mean this sport has grown like huge huge numbers on on on members and competitors I mean all of that new classes you know which started like 10 years ago they're doing better than bodybuilding right now so from from the like social media or you know being famous that's 10 but we definitely need to do something to to yeah to fix that to bring more more interest in people to yeah to to bodybuilding right I mean we probably had nothing to compare back in the days but today if if a guy is young and building out his physique you know and his frame and he looks amazing and he's competing as a classic physique athlete right so why should he go further right yeah that he's right now so why should I you know why should I get bigger and you know look maybe for normal people just you know in order to make money or in order to get girls whatever I mean whatever you may think to you know to get into this line and and invest more time you know because it's all time so if you're ready build out your physique you look great you're winning shows you don't pay me a big pro classic physique so it might happen over the years like in in 10 years because your body is you growing you're improving and you know developing you kind of went over it and then you make this decision you know do I need more or can I get heavier but it you know it's time so it's not like back in the days there was a goal open bodybuilding you're heavy you know so that that's where you go so and then you're go from there but today it's a whole different story that's you know like I said it's it's a more comfortable it's less time spent or invested in the sport way already can compete you know so when I won when I won a world championship world title right I was looking like classic physique right now so look and then from then I went up like very pounds or 40 pounds up you know and then I was competing up you know as a professional so those those things are just you know two different things I would say you know like like I said if you young it's it's a different mindset and you know you know young people who are now competing as a pro so they're making more money or they have their opportunities to make more money to sell to sell their product that's they're physique right sure yeah all different it changed a big time back then you know if you were successful but already successful right so you invested already like 10 15 years of your life then you get maybe are you know great contracts you know and yeah that's it right so then you can I live from that and you know doing your appearances doing your things but now it's just they wake up in the morning they are already selling everything you know and that's that's why probably that's that's gonna be very very difficult to yeah bring that back you know how it was you know and we can body real and back that so more people want it to be body business it's not happening right now it's crazy how fast that changed I will say I feel like as a fan of what I will call like the true body building like that is to me it's it's people who are willing to push their physique to see what am I capable of and there's no question man you were one of those people that did that and I think you you know you inspired a lot of people to do that I'm sure that there will always be people that that's what they want you know that's what they want to see but it's you know human human being is you know made like that you know if it's easy or go for it you know as first you know so and why should like push myself when you know like and I'm not a big wrist too you know going to the open past from like a set if you're already having a great physique yeah so that's a it's a great like destroying your physique or not being that successful as you are right now already or or you're trying to get successful or building out your success right so it's big big then you know there was no question about anything like that so my job was just push it through you know so your job is to gain weight to build muscle and bring the package on stage and show various people the improvements so and how you need it right through the whole whole career and then through that right so if you bring up so if you bring up very condition like with the great improvements so then it starts you know then that's how we make money back then you know all the guest appearances you know so many many guys reaching out to you or or for motors you know and you would be like every week on the road guess posing you know so and if you were you know not looking good that was over you know so I mean you you probably get the couple or book but not every week you know so okay that's almost like two different yeah like not not just I don't know how to say it's like almost two different worlds yeah I don't think such a short time bring it back or or do something that it changes but it goes the way it goes yeah you know yeah that's cool yeah I got a list of lightning round questions for you here Dennis we appreciate your time you've given us over an hour and I just I'm gonna I'm just gonna say these words and you just give me your initial reaction your first thought off your mind okay okay your favorite gym you ever trained at whoa that's a tough one tough it's tough I can I can name maybe five to ten you know I would say legs feet vital this is a gym in a hometown like almost hometown it's very good I was not training there as our active professional so but right now we'll say yeah that that one of the right is jumaia I beat you okay Ronnie Coleman I'm believable and I'm beautiful that's decent there you go unbelievable and barbell squats barbell squats love them love them not doing them anymore but look you had what do you think gave you I know everyone says how the hell did Dennis get those that quad sweep you think that was just how your body is or do you think that you trained correctly for it I think um the the the squats like training legs and we squats was the main I may think in my my whole leg workout so as example I will do like five sets five working sets maybe just four blades each side you know I will never go higher so maybe five for the video you know when they knew what they were like maybe six sometimes but four was my like working weight and I will do like five sets and I could probably stop training because I couldn't walk after that so the muscle was full with blood so in the rest like you know other two three exercise I would just do because I would say yeah I mean I don't feel really good but there's always still a little bit extra you can get you know yeah yeah but main main exercise was yeah squat I knew you left your squats favorite car right now or from all ever favorite car you ever owned let's say that I can say that I you know I had so many cars and also now you will say pick one I do I will say I don't know I just want to wrap the right now I don't want to drive any car right now I'm out of the four director yeah nice favorite music to train too and one one one I think I used to have our C63S yeah I would recommend that if you like fast small and you know you can use daily cars C63S beast okay okay and if you're if you have a good build frame you're sitting you know you fit the mistake and you know nothing can move your out of it so it's it's it's fun car yeah so if you're looking for something like that you know yeah I would recommend okay okay very music listen yeah favorite music to train too yeah back in the day on your guard hard making a day big in a day look I was training with my training partner most most of the time we didn't listen to any music no kidding you know really yeah we were you know always some some music playing but we were yeah just talking a little bit and that's it so yeah right now metal metal Germans always love the metal every German I've ever met loves the metal you could train you need something else you know you need to be like yeah you know boot dusty you got any more fiddennist those are the main the the main curiosity I guess the the only thing I wanted to add that a few people asked was maybe one or two of your greatest memories from bodybuilding that were not the stage like something that happened in life or on a trip but some sort of a memory you have the the bodybuilding brought you the bodybuilding brought me and I met a ton of people good people too yes yeah good people too and yeah and I'll say the relationships with with a lot of people from you know from from all my experience my god when it was yeah yes appeared already man oh yeah we're appearing a bit of grids or like the seminars but I'll say all of that was was fun but going to like extremely beautiful cities like Saint Petersburg you know you know people taking me on the tour or I was invited once in Saint Petersburg into a to a Ben weeder school Ben we were Ben weeder bodybuilding school or school bodybuilding yes Ben no American probably that a war war this yeah and that was a that was a last seminar for for for trainers who got the diploma you know okay I was a good thing so and with that diploma you could I was working in any gym in Russia you know so I was honored it was like one day seminar and one day training seminar so and after that I had to sign the diploma and we went on the on the on the on the channels you know in Saint Petersburg many channels and yeah so yeah like a lot of worries like it was made after Venice in Italy so you know that was kind of be like that going to adopt that in the you know and we went on the on the ship with all of the the group the president of the Russian Federation like a lot of pros you remember Alex Alexander Fedorov or Fedorov yeah was a huge yeah yes he was a board and yeah we were celebrating like half a day you know that was that was beautiful like things like this that's where I say man so many things I would never probably see or experience without being bodybuilder or professional bodybuilder and yeah I'm I'm really thankful to you know having all of this experiences and yeah living my life and and many so many good people also bad people but you know good people right kind of bad people though very people you know you know really really yeah some some sometimes were really adventurous too you know so but between I can say that in between when I think yeah after 2013 no after 2012 off season no in season after the the shows I went to Central America and I lost already like 20 pounds because I would off you know and people were still you know like what the hell is this guy doing here you know just not a people walking you know between the pyramids and all that so and that's where I had amazing time to and people kind of figure out who I was and they were waiting for me you know when I came you know you know you were a huge group right so I was the last guy who came all of them came from Europe to Mexico and I came from Las Vegas so they were waiting for me like and then I walked in and like you you you you saw they they they they they look like oh my god and I you know like you do bodybuilding and you're out you know you're clean you know you're off you're lost like 20 pounds you're like you look like tiny yeah yeah so I got to meet like professors doctors you know people like that so and all this conversation every evening we had like conversation with you know different with different people and teams and that's also experience what I will never forget you know that brought me a lot thinking you know and yeah it's just exciting and also like learning people's history too so I met a guy in Guantanamo no I know my god what I went to Guantanamo I was Guatemala you're in Guantanamo here in trouble Guantanamo was a German guy he was living there for 30 years like over here and he was asking me questions you know about bodybuilding and then I was asking him like you know what what he is doing him why he came here and that was a crazy crazy story you know but yeah anyways that was so interesting and that's why you know I would say because I'm bodybuilding I I was in many countries I came around you know so and like I said big countries made so many people and yeah yeah but hey I still want you to see some some other countries like Thailand and I'm a big Thailand and Africa I know what you're asking so well Dennis I'd love to see again here in Vancouver hopefully you have another awesome athlete do the van pro one of these days maybe next period we back it was great to have you at our gym you know the time when we trained into gym and the hopefully gym is really good oh yeah yeah yeah look for it to have any back Dennis thank you sir remember everybody remember everybody like share subscribe comment and bring the bell there you go thank you very much Dennis Wolf we appreciate you being on it's just bodybuilding you're very generous with your time sir thank you gentlemen and I that was blessed yeah I'm glad I came on and thank you everyone for having me yeah just yeah another great podcast I did a couple podcasts making a couple weeks but yeah amazing thank you guys yeah yeah I'm glad we have fun Dennis okay thanks Dennis take care and Vegas bodyguard yeah but you'll find several yeah yeah does