What's up guys? Welcome back to Blood Sweat and Gear. I'm Scott McDaley. Of course, I'm here with Skip Hill and your berry and we are joined today by Nate Spear. All of our programming is brought to you by Truentutrition.com. You can use our code think for additional savings. High quality third party test and supplements. Hit me up if you have any questions about any of their flavors and any of the things that they carry. We're also brought to you by SupplementSource.ca for those of you in Canada. I saw a carboline for like 30 bucks off. So if you need to get some supplements, you get a great deal over there plus. They support us and by supporting them, you are supporting the shows. If you're in the UK, check out Strom Sports Nutrition. They've got a great line of health supplements. Everything from single products like NAC or Tudka and they have some really nice blends too. Guys, we've got a bunch of stuff going on today. Nate Spear, welcome back to the show. So long overdue. Nate's looking huge today. Nate was cracking like a dozen jokes before we got started. Now watch you just like stops. He just claims up from here. Rose and skip. Funny too. All right, we got a bunch of stuff though. And like I said, we're just going to go to our list of questions. If you guys want to take part in the next show, then definitely comment. We'd love to have your questions for the next episode. I've got all your questions from the previous show. We were going to start out though with we do like the client spot lights. And I wanted to basically, I wanted to hang out with you guys and show you a set that my client hams it the other day. Sometimes you have a client that sends you an exercise. And they're not necessarily sending it to say like, hey, how's my form? They're just like, hey, do check this shit out. If you watch it and you're like, wow, that's really impressive. And you also think to yourself, like, please be very careful. You know what I mean? And this is one of those moments for me. So let me just get this up here. So he's like, two 15, two 14 right now. I think he said this is the most reps he got with this weight. It's really. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh, I'm still going. That's what I said. Yeah, I'm not sure. Well he has to as wise to him he's a bitch if he stops. I can see why you're worried stuff. Yeah, yeah. I can hear, I can hear people that, you know, ripping apart his form here on the last couple of reps and I got to tell you before you do it, before anybody says a fucking word about it, get under big, big weight and tell me that you're going to keep a squat form meticulous from the first trip. Now you want to keep it as tight as possible. It's no question. Yeah, but you're going to lose something if you're going to a place like he just went to with a weight and deep into a set with that many repetitions as far as fatigue is concerned. I thought it was pretty tight there at the end. It was starting to get a little, but that's not taking anything away. That's fucking bust in your balls when taking a set. The. Wouldn't you say the benefit though to his whole body? Yeah. The, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the Stimulus he put on his whole body there is going to lead to growth. Like, was it a squat exercise or were going to perfect quads, quite, absolutely not, but just like the intensity that he, he piled up for that set. Yeah, he started to move a little bit to his back a little bit to his hips, but the overall was that five and half plates. Yeah. I think. Yeah. I mean, 58 fibers. That's crazy. For 21, 214 pounds. 214 pounds. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, the overall, the overall effect he's going to get from that if he continues, you know, progressing from there, I think is going to be amazing. What would you guys think about his merrient? I'll still. Yeah. He was. Yeah. What would you guys think of him not progressing from there is in not going heavier, but just continuing to try to get better with that. Because I, that's what scares me. Right. Was, was seeing like man, it is scary when you start to see someone like lean forward a little bit. I'm like, oh, I know myself and I know what, I know what's taken me out. And I, I've never put it five and half plates on my back once. But I know what heavy weight feels like for me. And I can tell you that it scares me. You know, I've got to be. How old is he? Scott. He's in his early 30s. Oh, shit. That's actually not bad. I was like solid. Yeah. I was watching. I was like, my back would be fried. My back would be fucked up. I think your point though. Your point though about, okay, now let's work on clean them up or maybe get an extra rep before jumping to the 35 and then another 45 that kind of thing. I think that's a good, that's good advice for him Scott for sure. Yeah, it's funny. We talked in the phone last night and his, we're, you know, doing this offseason push. But in the past, last year, we pushed him up heavier and he was up in the 220s. And then, you know, we had to, we had to work to get that down. And he's a guy who, he doesn't like dieting for a long time. And it's just who he is. He wants those diets to be shorter where I have no problem doing like a 22 week diet at 26, six week diet, whatever it takes. Yeah. I'm just in it, you know, but for him, I think that he'll be better off if we can keep him tighter. So we're not getting as heavy. But he's stronger than he was last year at, at in the 220s. So yeah. I won't. I will say so. And not to like critique him or everything, but you were trying to like maybe improve that. Yeah. I would say keep in constant tension and not locking out every rep to the survival and purposes. I just sort of getting better at those. I feel like you can do the same way, but there's clean them off. You know what I mean? It was in 10 was that. I'm with you 100%. And that's what I would think. I feel like, it was kind of like what we were talking about a couple episodes ago, Andrew, and we were talking specifically. I think about, it might have been about squats talking about that fear, like the fear of getting under really intense weight. I can't remember exactly where that went. I remember what it was. A guy who said that when you get to progressive overload weights that are so heavy, they scare you. I remember that conversation. And that's what you were supposed to. Yeah. And I was talking about how like the, I guess the intense thought about it starts like the night before the last like day for me, at least, you know, like I'd go to bed thinking like, all right. So I did five plates in a 35 last time for eight. I got to get nine this time. Or, you know, I got to do five plates at 35 and a five on each side. You know, and get the same reps. And just that you're thinking about, you think about, you're, while you're making breakfast, you think about it throughout the day, while you're eating other meals while you're warming up. And it's like, and I do think like, to Nate's point to about the continuous tension, I think there's absolutely something to be said about the set that Hans did. And then let's say he does a back offset with like four and a half plates and he gets 12 to 15 reps of just continuous tension up and down. Kind of like, yeah, I mean, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, the way Dante is to explain like, you know, you've got your heavy sets, your, your, your, your max sets, and then you had your widow makers. So like if you followed up with a widow maker that was more like a constant tension set, like, like he'll be doing a clean, clean. You know, this, yeah, that's what I mean, clean it up on that. Or like Scott had a good point down here, Scott's even said, pull off those 25s and keep the reps continuous and choose for a set of 10 to 12, which I could absolutely see him doing there. Oh, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, and that was also too. Good. I was just going to say your point about that squats, I would agree. There's no other feeling than like putting something that's like 500 pounds plus on your back than any other work. You know what I mean? I'm just saying. Well, and that's it. That's why I was question you guys with the, um, with the anxiety and stuff the night before talking about the anxiety part to the, like, we're about the question really is, or the question of my mind is, are is it an anxiety based on the fact that we might fail and not get it? Or is it the anxiety that in an exercise like a squat? There's a lot of damage that can be done if you don't come out of the whole versus a hack squat. Of course. A bench. Scariest. In a deadlift. Okay. You can drive. Yeah. That's why I'm saying. And I think this is this cuts to just I brought this up on those training clients one on a one at tight for a couple years. People don't want to go anywhere near as far with an exercise like a squat. Essentially for fear of it's like your mind perceives it as just being crushed. Like, like, if I don't get it, if I don't get a bench press or curl, I put the weight down and I laugh about it. Okay, not a big deal. You know, your typical person who trains in the gym. But when it's a squat, yeah, I think sits on your brain. Like this can crush shit. Like this can fuck me up and I can not get out from underneath this. And I could be a viral video on gym fucker. And it's a nice truth. But here. Yeah. No shit. You just got a bunch of one lives today. That's that. But then using that anxiety and using that fear to motivate. I mean, how many times have we all been in the hole? And you know, you start to come out and you go, oh, shit. And then you have to go to this next place to be able to move that shit. Slow as fuck to be able to get that otherwise you're not coming out. Yeah. I'll add that maybe the fear is that you do get it and that you're like, fuck, next time I'm gonna have to go ahead. Oh, I'm not even kidding. I'm not even kidding because when you're just like so in line with like progression, progression, progression. And I think we're talking about the heart, we can all agree. This is probably the hardest exercise, right? Maybe you can argue dead lifts. But in my mind, it's, it's. It's like the hardest. I think squat. Yeah, right? And we, I think we all know, at least we're all kind of at that point now. Like we're not ever gonna beat our max squat that we did 10 years ago or five years. But whenever it was when everything was healthier, right? Maybe Nate will. He's still pretty healthy. He has a kid in his injury. But you can probably. Not like what? You know what I mean? Like so until you get to that wall where you're like, okay, I'm not gonna, I'm not gonna cross over that threshold of the unknown. Oh, wow, I could actually paralyze myself or have a catastrophic injury. Like until you get to that point, there's always just that fear in the back of your mind. It's not just fear, it's also anxiety of like, I want to do this. Like I want to breach my personal best. I want to, like this is the mother of all exercises, you know? Yeah. And I just wanted to circle back around and it was really to Nate's original point and to what we had talked about before, the conversation about when progressive overload weights get scary. You know, our ultimate suggestion was to find ways to make the weight you're using harder. And as Nate said, I think that that would be one great way would be to, you know, get constant reps in there. I think that, you know, anything, I mean, pre-fetigging or all sorts of methods could allow you to not, I don't want him to get hurt. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Yeah, she is. He's thinking he's going to like, does he feel like, oh shit. No, or is he just like, I'm moving weight like shit. It's going really well. No, that's just who he is. That's just who he is. He is great and things are going. I don't know. It's a tough one. I know what you're saying. He's like, I'm like, clients are doing, I'm sure, two, or they go too low in rap. So they got to see what kind of number they can get on in client deal with presence. And I don't like that because it doesn't do you any good outside of the physical sat or the mental satisfaction of it. And, you know, if he's feeling good and he's pushing and everything is, man, I don't know. So I'm not terribly frequent at that load in that level if he, if he's a real person. He sounds like he's a real low. And after that, it'll be dead lifts and after that it'll be bent. So he popped a few fibers in his pack back in spring, pressing. I think he was pressing the 150s. He was doing a video with Jeff Saigo and it was post-contest. He was still not really loaded back up. And he said he felt some, you know, I felt some, what he says, like, I thought it was going to be my right pack because he was feeling like the spasm and they did like one rap and it felt like a little tight and he's like just kept going boom, you know. So he is at a point where I think that getting smart. I mean, like how many people in the world? Like he's a guy who's, he's been natural for a really long time. I mean, I shouldn't get into all that. But, you know, he's a guy though who, he has some really good, just genetic gifts for being strong. And I think it is time to really start getting smarter with it. So he can continue doing it for a long time, you know. That's what you're saying. If he was a toldon, if he was 20, I think he was going. I'm like, keep going. Sorry, keep going. She's like, for a little while, you know, until you get that. But he's 32. He's got the rest of his career and then the rest of his life after body building that he probably has already started to think about a little bit. I see what you're saying Scott. And I think that's good advice. Well, I think in that said, he can still do five and a half plates. That's not telling him not to. You know what I mean? Yeah, it's just to get more out of it, you know. Yeah. For the ones saying I think the problem is like, he's like shifting his hips. Have you told him to like try to fix that? I think we talked about this very part. Is he? Because you see where I'm saying where he goes down. He goes to lower back. Yes. Yeah. Sort of like, I was like that. So that's where it's like if he, you know, if he can clean that up. You're going to be able to bit tighter, you know, not compensate when you get weaker, you know, which it might even be just a matter of like Scott was saying take the 25s off. And you know, and at the same time like you were initially saying Andrew, being able to, you know, just be, or I, you said it skip just being able to handle that. Sometimes it isn't necessarily going to, going to look pretty. I'd love to see a back off set though, you know. But I didn't even pull off. I mean, if dude, if you can pull off one and a half plates from that, you're still squatting for plates. And if you could do a widow maker like that, that would be an ugly set. That would just be nasty, you know. So I mean, he's probably at that point with his strength levels where he's just going up and plates like right, he goes in a warm up of one plate, warm up of two plates, warm up of three plates. Yeah. He starts, think calling it maybe a set of four plates, then he probably goes up to five. And then he does his five in a quarter. Like honestly, I missed that. Like just being able to go up and plates on this car like, the shit was fun. You know, like your not bothering quarters are for postseason. Yeah. Yeah. All right. I thought you guys would have some fun watching that set because it was brutal. That was intense. I'm actually fired up. Yeah. Like maybe I could just want again. Maybe I could. Yeah. Maybe I need you to have some great squat sessions back when he first started getting into bodybuilding again. It's like, it's really, and this is what we do to do leg press first. We'd always start off with ham curls and we'd either go leg press or squats or the other way around and then sometimes a hacksaw. We do some fun crazy shit. What do you squat nowadays? All right, excuse me, Nate. On seven squats, like a year and a half. Go. Okay. So I know you were big on hacks a while ago. Are you still into hacksquats? And what's your main jam? So literally I'm pendulum and like press the two money makers right now. They're into the pendulum. And then yeah, I'm really digging that right now. It's brutal. And honestly, what I like about it is it shortens my volume because you get right to the point, right? So like I don't need one warm-up fucking set on a pendulum. So then I'm literally done my working set in 10 minutes. My whole set there. You know what I mean? 50 minutes. That's nice because now I'm saving time during my whole workout. You know what I mean? So I look at output to. So sometimes you know, that's why deadless sometimes I'm not a huge fan of them because there's so much of an output through your whole workout. So now you're consuming all that energy towards one lift. So you know what I'm saying? I'm minimizing my energy essentially. Right now. Makes sense. All right. Well I had to do that. And I think the bigger you get, recovery is more important. I was like I've gotten more muscular. Honestly, like the more and the where I need to recover, like the more I've grown. You know, I think I'm like really in tune right now with like one to like take time off. You know, one to push it as far as training goes. So. All right. Well, listen, let's get to some questions. We had a bunch of training questions actually. So I feel like we're pretty much going to segue right into that from what we are already talking about. This is kind of a long one. But let's see. He says he's been failing. Let's see. I have been failing. Barbosaquads do two lower back and not my quads slash glutes. I used to squat a plate aside more. And I firmly believe that my legs can handle more load as my lower leg lifts have in as all of my other leg lifts have increased. I have tried a few things such as prefatting my quads, reducing lower back loading on my back day and focusing on improving core strength. None of which has made a noticeable difference. I would take Barbel squads out of the rotation, but I am extremely limited on equipment and excuse me, and a two month break from squads also hasn't helped. And he mentioned he knows that in my issue, I had low back issues due to weaker glutes. And he doesn't think that that's a problem for him. He's got good strength and development to the glutes. He says I should also add that I don't really feel any lower back pain. The other issue is reaching failure as a result of my lower back. One more thing I'll add. I recently watched a John Meadows video on stretching where he said that stretching his pair of formus helped him. I have been doing these stretches for a few days and haven't noticed a difference yet. I would look at his hips. Does he say he didn't have back pain? He said no, he didn't have back pain or back issues, but I think he was saying that his lower back is what fatigued before his legs did. So then maybe he's putting too much of the lift onto his lower back. Is that how we're interpreting that? I guess if we'd great if he did a video. Yeah. If we had a video, him doing my career. He's one of what's the exercise sequence of his leg day. That'll indicate what he's doing to maybe get a back player up as he's starting with squats, is he doing something else before that like a hamstring curl or whatever. Then on two like, on people forget front squats are great and they don't involve your lower back as much. So he's limited on equipment. I think he should try front squatting. It sounds like it might be a little bit better on his back. I'll piggyback off that now. Say what's he doing for back on the other days? Is he doing a lot of barba rows? Yeah. He's doing a lot of RDLs. He did mention doing. He said he reduced lower back loading exercises on his back day. So assuming that means he took that stuff out. But that's the first thing I thought too. Yeah, because it's got to potentially over-trained lower back or just there's just a lot of stabilization going on there. Even if he's training back the day before, I mean, you could be doing barba rows and you know, seated pulley rows is two of your exercises. And if he is only pulled back on the stabilization exercises for back in the last few weeks, he may have been in such a like a fatigue state borderline over train state for his directors. Does this stand? Let me ask you guys, I want to get, I said this the other day because there's something that I had known for years and years and years. But I, someone said that it wasn't true. So I'm asking you guys, I remember the directors being very, very slow. One of the slowest muscles in the body for recovery. Do you guys see that or is that just something that has been? I think it's individual. Honestly, I mean, I never do it that. Right? Yeah, I don't really get for it. Would they read? No. Okay. I had years ago. And now, you know, when you're around long enough that you hear something say 20, 25 years ago, you have to come back to it and go, hmm. We got to check again to make sure it's true or see if it was just something that was accepted by the masses at that time. Anyway, the reason I thought that and asked that is because the way that I was understood is when you get into your directors and your lower back and you are overtrained, that's why a lot of, I mean, obviously the output physically for exercises like Barbados and deadlifts and radios is so much higher because so many more muscles are involved. I get that too. But that the directors are slower to recover versus most other muscle. Kind of traps. You know, traps are what? The eye, because I've heard the same thing. And I have always felt that that was kind of the case too. And it has versus other muscles that tend to recover quicker calves, abs, things like that. So anyway, I don't have just to let it out with, with like the, uh, the, uh, the, uh, the the muscle fibers. Yeah, that's yeah. Yeah, that's the cool. I see you, I have to go. Was that to Scott's comment about the directions? Yeah. Smart, smart is kind of ruining you. He's always going to make a motor joke. Yeah. But um, either like the plenation of the, of the muscle fibers or maybe the distribution of type one type two fibers in that tissue. I don't know enough to say one way or the other, but that might be where I would look to try to confirm or dispelled that personally. Right. But the only thing I was going to say is that maybe, maybe, maybe use the stomach on a sluts. Yeah, you ever know the, you guys ever use the so, uh, so right device? I have not, but it looks fucking amazing. And that's what Andrew Nolan he said. He mentioned that he thought maybe doing some sort of rehab work on that. And he says maybe from MI 40 would have some videos on this. That would be Matt Krusman. Yeah. I do work with him when I'm down there in Tampa. He's helped me a lot of big time with some stuff. Okay. And, uh, but I was thinking maybe like he needs to do something to release as so as that might be kind of tight. So if you get, if you look up so right dot com, it's like this blue device that looks like this and you play on it. And you could put other tissues on it, but they have a whole bunch of videos on their on their website. Now I will say it's like an 80 dollar piece. But if you go on Amazon, you can get a knockoff for like 15 bucks. I really commend doing that. Okay. Yeah. They have the same exact things, same exact material, everything. So, but yeah, I think maybe doing something with as so as and maybe is hip flexors. Because I found my hip flexors were always tight. And that was causing my back to meet at least start feeling any backloading exercises. Well, before I should. So I started doing the 90 90 stretch. I started really fomorling the hip flexors. I even got on the um, abductor. And I would do like really light sets just to pump them up and then release them. I found that really helpful along with that so as, or so right device that was talking about. And that might be where he want to start. Hmm. I was looking it up on Amazon to see if I could find it real quick. Did you type in so right? No, I did not. I'll keep looking though. I'll try to run a podcast for right now though, I guess. I got to submit a question here. I'll bring that up. But I'm going to keep looking for it. Up next. What have we got here? If you've seen it, Andrew, if you're looking right now, send me a link to it. Question for the next episode. If you had a long break from training, how do you ease back into it without having crippling dimes for the next couple sessions? Les volume, less weight, both more PEDs or all three. Less training, less volume and more drugs. When you guys read something like that, like Nate, do you read it as dimes? Do you read it as DOM? Do you read it as DOM? DOM? I read it as dimes. I read it as dimes. I just get so much of a book. Yeah. Do you read it as dimes? DOM, that's okay. What about you Andrew? I've done both. Both. The Pencil Moodyman. What is that say about a person's give? I don't know. It doesn't say anything really. I read it as DOM, and I didn't know if I was the only fucking one. Sabin screwing up words and satiety. That's just it's stuck now in line. I was actually going to start trying to get a vocabulary word. I forgot to do this and start sneaking them into our conversations here and see if you picked up on it. That's a great word, Andrew. It actually means. First thing I told you forgot. Yeah, first thing I was going to use is slightly wrong and just see if you noticed. But I totally forgot to write a word of the day. You know what? They might have taken a gumscott. Okay. You know what I see one for 29 bucks now? That's what I'm seeing here. Oh, you know what I'm saying? Here's the answer to that question though. While you guys are doing that, I'll answer the question. There's nobody ever breaks in easy. Give me a fucking break. We all go back in. Maybe a little easier. But no one is stepping in it like a two and then a four. Now we're going to like a seven and then in two week we'll be laughing and complaining about how sore we are. But then in like two weeks we're back to attend. So I mean, come on. Should you break in? Yeah, of course you should break in. Oh, we don't. Yeah. And that's who does that? Yeah, I think just ripped the band it off and feel it man. Yeah, yeah, that's someone I found answer 29. 20 minutes. I'm not order that tonight. I'm with you, man. I'm talking about a dog. I'm talking about the dogs. Like just go in like feel it. I was just talking about a webtoe. That's why I was talking about the kidneys. I mean, the truth is, you know, laugh about it and everything else. But if you do jump in for a couple of weeks and you haven't been trying for a while, and you do go ball's out, you can't end up in that. Yeah, that's a little. Not kidding. That's not something joke about it, yes. But it does. Here's what I see. Here's what I see. Here's what I see. Here's what I see. Okay, yes. You could you could you could get by a car too. But I'm saying, I what I see with Rabdo is like bodybuilders and prep that have been on high gear for 20 weeks or 25 weeks and they're training six days a week and they're doing double cardio sessions and then one day they wake up and they're urine's a weird color and they can't move their legs or whatever. We send them to the hospital and they're creating kinases through the roof. That's when I usually see Rabdo. I don't see because like I don't go in the front of a lot of. I've heard of it going from Mike Davies had a client. He said that she wasn't training at home. She was supposed to be training. She was slacking, slacking, slacking and he was doing these cheerleader camps. And then she came into the camp and she was out of shape like he hadn't seen her for a few months. They had that a break and she came back to camp and he was like, you know, what happened to you kind of thing but didn't really say too much. And after the first day she got Rabdo. I've heard of that in other cases of people who are like highly untrained and then they go in and try to, you know, do a Mike Davies cheerleader camp. That's right. I have a question in what's that shit. You know, I'm talking about the, what's the weekend warrior crap? See, this is where my brain gets so mad. Crossfit stuff. Yes, cross, that's why because they don't train for a week and then they go in on the weekend and they get their ass kicked in and up in the hospital with Rabdo. Yeah, Monday or Tuesday. From hitting two workouts that are balls out on the weekend, like they think they can, they can handle it. There's a lot of Rabdo in Crossfit. Why could not come up with Crossfit? God damn. We got to get you back on the approaches. You've, you've programmed yourself not to use that word like the girl Crossfit. I think it's skipped off the neck of the word. You can't use it in, uh, it's just a little bit of change. You're not there on that. I'm going to, can I, can I get like, do they do Rabdo or anything? Can I do like an Uber eats thing? Get some nicotine pouches and discuss house right now? We need to get on the patch back up. We think you could. If you can order escorts, you should probably get in the back of your head. You can vouch just, just say it. Especially in Florida, right? Well, very, very urban. So I'm sure that I could get, if you can get alcohol, I can get alcohol. Not that I drink, but I know because, you know, my wife has before. All right. Before seven. Yeah. Well, no, she, I give her this for two months. She, today's the seven, two months and two days. She hasn't had a drink. Nice. You guys still together? It's nice. But sometimes it's like just fucking drink. But anyway, all right. We got a good one here. Another training question is vertical polling, necessary for overall back development or our, our, our row variations enough. I don't know. I mean, you're talking to a poor guy right here. So, I mean, I think it's a good answer. It's like, I don't know. I've never not pulled down. Yeah. But I've never pulled down. It's a major, right exactly. But it does make me think. I mean, when the question is, I was thinking, uh, outside of, downward, you know, the, the, the, scapula coming down for the, for the, for the lats themselves, you could probably get by with a lot. Tell you what I'd rather do versions of rows than just lap pull down. I'll leave it at that. Agreed. But I don't know how to answer. I mean, it's something that I haven't really thought about before. That's why when you answered it that way, I thought, Well, does anyone do straight pull down, is anyone anymore? What do you mean by straight pull downs? I mean, I, what I see. I do. And it used myself regular pull downs or you do pull ups, right? Oh, but pull down with like a wide bar. Is that what you mean the bar? Yeah, just straight down. But like what I see a lot is changing the angle either, so where you're laying back or your laying forward, especially in the single arm variations. So just saying like does anyone really other than like the tick-tock kids? Do they, do you, does anyone do just straight regular old fashioned, you know, wide bar pull downs anymore? Like the machine was made to do? You're saying, basically. Yeah. Like the traditional pull down, you're saying. Well, I think we've all like, there's so much education out there now. And there's, and it's good and bad, I think. But in its goodness sense, because okay, educators, you know, can show, okay, well, this is the angle that the muscle is actually intended. This is the path that your elbow should actually be taken to fully contract the muscle. Yeah. But that being said, all the guys did a great job building their backs, going point eight to point B straight up and down vertical. I got it, check. I was just making a point that like does anyone do legitimate street up and down pull downs anymore? It seems rare. That is what we're here now days. Like even in that I would say that. Would you say that like it's changed a lot in the last two years or longer? Yes. Yeah, two years. Everyone's got the prime. Yeah, yeah. That's what you mean. Right. Everyone's doing more like narrow, not much of everyone used to back in the day. Everyone was like, the wider you go, the wider you get, right? You're not going to have to sort of bullshit. Yeah. I remember that. I was like, it's cute when the real skinny young kids have to activate their lads. What about the, yeah, pull the back of the fucker you did? What do you guys think about the one arm? Because I see that at a ton, especially with a lot of the younger guys. And that's the thing is they're like saying, that's the only way I can really get that activation to really feel it. I don't feel it when I'm just doing, you know, like a two arm pull down. I don't think that's the only way. I just don't think they've focused on their training enough. But I'm not going to say that. That's not a good exercise. I'm not going to say that that's here's what I do. I do a more the single arm way these days because I want to, I'm at the point where I want to eliminate any other body tissues coming into play for the most part, you know what I mean? Where I mean we've all probably been 18 to 25 where you want to just stack that that pull out. And your reps start to turn into a little bit more of a heave and pull it. Oh yeah. Like you're almost, you know what I mean? You feel cool and it's not saying it's not activating tissue, but is it as direct as doing something a little bit more concentrated like a single arm? Yeah, you know, I think they're all good. I'm just going to want record of saying I think you absolutely should be doing both, but especially if you're younger. I don't think you should really care about your exercise selection as much as just building intensity and getting good quality hard contractions of every workout. But I think as you get older maybe you do need to get a little more specialized. You guys have any other thoughts on that or you guys pretty much just agree with what Andrew is saying? I'm a pretty big fan of the one arm stuff honestly. I feel like it helps me activate my little bit better. But I do a little bit everything like the other day I did do just the regular wide grip lap pull down. That's what I was laughing. But it felt great. I don't know. And then I also do on your hand like what Jake other used to do during his videos. You know, like on the hand like a lap pull down. Those are good. I like those love because you're a little weird. You know what I'm trying to do a little bit more. Well, so what you do is there's a couple of different bars. You can that could easy bar. And on your on your own your sort of easier on the rest because it's like right it's like turned a little bit. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Because the bars are a little. I'm still a little bit. You got to kind of know how to pull it because. Yeah. I can explain this. We could all explain this to people how to pull and not pull with the bicep. And a lot of them just they're not going to understand. They're not they're not going to get it. Yeah. So I agree with you. It doesn't make me cringe a little bit. I think it's a little bit. Nate knows how to pull it. Like Nate bitch, I think. Nate doing it that way. I'm like, oh, cool. Go for it. Right. Some different client who I don't know has that same mind muscle connection, the same awareness of how to activate and deactivate certain tissues. I'd be like, let's turn the risk around. Let's go with something a little different. That's what I'm saying. Yeah. I think I and I'm not even talking about the just lap pull down. But just in general, I've come up against a couple times. I'm thinking of one client that I work with and with her stiff leg movement. She really is trying to activate the glutes. But she uses very slow, meticulous concentrics. Everything she does is very slow. There's nothing like explosive about it. And I feel like there is something we've talked about it. I think there's something that is missing. If you only ever are trying to focus on just contracting the muscle. I don't think that you necessarily, like the muscle is going to contract. Like if you're going to, if you're using that, like if you're doing a stiff leg and you're squeezing the glutes and you're flexing the hamstrings. Like it, it might not, you might not be able to pinpoint like, okay, it's in the glutes and the glutes and the glutes and the glutes. I'm at the top. I'm squeezing the glute. I'm going to the negative. But like if you just dried that mother fucker up, you're using everything. It's all working in a chain together. You know what I mean? And I do think there's value to that. The only thing I think I see with the single arm stuff in the highly concentrated focus. And we did kind of, I think you guys did touch on it. Like Andrew, you're saying like, well, you just like stack the whole thing out. You know, you're not feeling like any one single. I can feel my lat all the way through the movement. But there's something to being also able to just fucking drive that shit down. You know what I mean? Well, make a comparison to Hansa Squad, right? Yeah, wasn't a meticulous, quad-focused squad. He was getting, literally, his whole body from his neck down to his calves, who were activated in that squad. And then the same like doing a pull down with maybe too much weight, there are some benefits there because, while you're not 100% on your lats, you're activating your biceps a little bit. You're activating your shoulder girdle a lot more. You're activating your abs a lot more. So yeah, I think there's parallels to that. We did that segment with Victoria about the necessity of estrogen and females. And somebody had commented saying like, well, you have to remember that estrogen is the cause of cancer and this and that and positive. So it's like the second you, the, the, she wasn't saying you should have this excess amount of pulling estrogen. And the, the, in bodybuilding, it's hard to think of middle ground. It's got to be all one thing, all the other. And so I guess my point would be not to say you should always overload the stack. I would, that's the nightmare that we used to do back in the early 2000s, you know. I would say though, but having, like, like, what you were talking about, Nate, you do both. Well, thank you to, like having the last reps be one or two, the last one or two reps be one or sloppy is okay. I think I, like, cosine that, you know. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Look, I don't want to be misunderstood. The one arm, I totally get it. Yeah. But I don't like as I don't like then when we see the Nate's do it and the, you know, the john meadows and then all these fucking kids come into the gym. Yeah. And they're doing it. And you just need to bang. You just need to find and move, figure way bang. If you're a little sloppy, you're a sloppy. Don't be doing the one arm bowl shed that just gets in the way of everybody else who's trying to get big. You're, it's almost like this mistaken because you could argue, it clearly will give them a better mind to muscle. They'll be able to feel the loudness. Which is important. But it is important. But I'm just saying, I don't think all things being considered. You really are there to get big and part of it is most, well, most kids aren't there to get big. They're, they're to look like a little more. A ripped little laugh plate. But if you're there to get big, just fucking stuff that is heavier. You're lap pulled out your chins. Especially when you look like an athlete anyway, you can do chins. They're fucking great. And they're going to grow you back far more than you tie in with one little handle. That for the bigger guys who can make something out of that set and actually get something from it. Well, the bigger one is to have somebody done that for years. That's what I was just willing to say. Me and like every other pro, but as all trained like that, like the first three or four years, you know, just go in and you're just like fucking on a mission. You know what I mean? And you're not worried about your form, isolating the shit. You're just fucking training your ass off. You know what I mean? And I think that's a lot of younger kids need to do the first like one to two, three years of training. I love Nate's perspective on time. And they think that first three or four years. And then you're huge. You're competed at the national level. You know what I mean? I know what you mean. You'll be like me. I didn't say they don't. I'm saying as a rule, it's a blanket statement. But the large majority of kids don't. But there are those kids who are, they're not your typical young 20 something. They actually can't, they're logical, they're sensical. And they say, and they see, you know, I got to pick up heavy shit. I got to use dumbbells and barbells and all this cable shit. Just isn't. It's not a cable. I still, and I know I saw an old when I say this, but cable machine for the large part is refinement. It's not to get huge. Pick up shit where you actually have to not just press it or pull it or roll it. But you have to stabilize it. And I think when you first start, that is huge, huge. And then once you get the muscle, then you start refining it. You start incorporating machines and cables. Yeah, exactly. I said, bicep curl. Shit like that. The cable curl is giving you a better bicep peak skip. What's that? We'll get that curl is getting better bicep. I just want to tone and build the peak. So if I do the cable curls, we'll have. I just want to tone. It's got says I'll take heavy ass barbell rows over. Pinky twisting one arm pulling Bs with 15 reps. Hey guys, I'm going to take a brief pause to shut out our advertisers. I'm going to try to make this quick, but keep in mind they're responsible for helping us to put these shows out. If you guys want to support our programming, of course, you can do so through Patreon and thank you to everybody who supports the show through Patreon. I will have links to that below as well as to all of our advertisers. If you shop with our advertisers, you'll get great products, that I stand behind and you'll also be supporting our program. First of all, check out truenutrition.com. If you're in the US, I use their hydrolyzed beef collagen every day. And I use their citrally mallet, beta, alanine, and EAA on days that I train. They have high quality protein powders and tons of flavors. Hit me up if you have any questions. Use our code think over there. You'll get some additional savings plus your support our programming. And you'll get some high quality third party tested supplements. If you're in Canada, check out supplementsource.ca. They have blow out deals on top name brands supplements. They constantly have different things happening. So be sure to go to their site and check them out. I recently saw a car balloon for like 30 bucks off. And he really can't beat those prices. Buses they have free shipping over $99. If you're in the UK, then you probably already know about strong sports. They're one of the leader in health supplements in the United Kingdom. Strong sports nutrition has standalone supplements like NAC and Tudka. And they have finished blends like support max. A high quality, well priced, on cycle support stat. I've least blow to everything. Thanks for watching. Thanks for your support. Nice. I do we answer that question. It was all rose or all pulled out. Do you need to pull down? Well, one problem. I thought of this. Yeah. What sport do people literally only do a rowing motion? Crow. Crow. No way. Yeah. It's called crew. What a group. Yeah. I don't really think those guys have. No, obviously it's the they're doing, you know, a thousand repetitions, but they don't do any pull downs, but I don't think they have crazy develop. I never, most of the crew guys, I see them pretty skinny. You know, it's skinny. Yeah. I guess a lot like cycling. Some of those cycling guys will have huge quads. Well, other ones, they're not all that impressive. So then we tend to look and go, oh, the guy with the huge quads who's a cycle. And I better start cycling. 95% of cyclists don't have large quads. You got the genetic freak over here, who is my own probably has horse legs. And then he does that. It may be the same thing for rowing. I don't know. But if that's the only you're thinking about if that's, you're developing everything else. Yeah. The backs probably going to look kind of big compared to every kind of feeling. I feel like guys that pick up something move stuff. Have big backs. Yeah. John, I can roll had it. What? Four on it was one inch, inch and a half bigger than the other one. The hand is just going to take up those. Those cyclists. You ever notice how the guys with the big quads, they always have one quads. It's like 25% bigger than the other one. Really? I didn't notice that. It's a couple of round. It goes around. I think it's because they go around in circles and one direction. And I think one leg has to do more of the driving. I think they have one leg. Yeah. Yeah. How to do what the ang, I think they're at an angle when they're on the circular course. And then they're always going to their left. I think. Well, think about them. Which side is it logically? It would have to be the out. I'm guessing. I'm just guessing. But I would think it would be the outside leg that would drive harder than right? So anybody who knows anybody who's listening. Correct me if I'm wrong. But I would. I would assume it would be the outside leg driving harder. Because you're driving harder on one side and the inside. There would be a stability. I would think there would be. I'm trying to relate. We could do the math using like. Like a centripetal force equation, which I used to know back when I was in physics. But I don't know. Maybe Scott probably just have to get quite a bicycle. Scott says if doing it right. Crew is mostly about driving with the leg. Actually that's a good point. Yeah, that's a good point. But they are doing just one one rowing motion. They're not they're not getting any up and down. I would say this. I I I I I I I okay. I was a time that I worked out my parents basement. I was a little kid and I didn't have a pull down. So I didn't have that opportunity. I can't really tell you because I didn't really grow a lot of muscle at that time. Either whether you can grow a big thick back without pull downs. But then eventually pulled down. It became an option. You can figure out how to do pull ups. I thought would be why limit yourself. Unless there was something where it's like, oh, I just can't physically do pull downs for some reason. Otherwise it's like, well, could you grow a could you grow a can you grow legs without doing a certain exercise or grow chest without doing a certain me and maybe, but if you have more tools. Why not figure out how to make that tool. Maybe that's why he's asking maybe he doesn't have that. Yeah, I would wonder this. I don't want to keep beating this like a dead horse, but I am thinking this now that Scott mentioned this. You have those people on my wife is one of them at drives. You fucking nuts and I'm probably because I'm the opposite. But I can hang from a churning bar or lap pull and my scapula won't come out. But she can do it and they come out like fucking giant bat wings. Doesn't mean there's a ton of muscle there. I'm just saying so then you tell that scapula coming apart like that you're not going to get that kind of protraction in the in a rowing type of movement. But you will when if it's overhead. Is there some logic to that? See what I'm saying? There's more range of motion. The scapula is moving more when the weight is being pulled down or the body is being pulled up then during a row. Well, here's a funny fact for team pull ups. Think about all the guys in prison that do pop all the time. They have pretty good backs. You know what I mean? And that's all they have for a back movement in prison is called. That's true. Just saying team pulls. They didn't have far enough. Those are prison. They're a prison. They're a prison. They're a prison. Why? Yeah. They're not going to have to edit that out. I think it's a credit to the genetics. I was that was too exact. Sorry, I just thought it was fun. Okay, but they're not doing any rows. I mean, I think it's just saying pull ups are pretty good. Obviously, you're going to, obviously you're going to choose rows over any kind of vertical movement. I guess if you had the option. Yeah. There's a lot of stiff like a deadlift and RDLs and things like that going on. Maybe maybe donkey calf raises, things like that in the yard, don't you think? There we go. That's true. Okay. Here it no. Fuck you guys. Apparently Nate's the only one who can tell the jokes and the only one who laughs. And anything you said when Nate said. Cross the lines. All right. Question for the next episode. Card loading. I guess we're getting off training for a minute here. Card loading is a pretty common topic for competitive athletes during a peak week. However, as I was trying to learn more, I came across the concept of fat loading for priming the body with carbs in something with insulin sensitivity. I don't really understand it, but could someone go into detail about this topic. Man, I wish I knew which episode it was. I looked for it before the show. Scott Stevenson, who's with us now, did a whole thing. We didn't. I can't find what episode it was. But he talked about the idea of fat loading on that. His thought was that there are, there are going to be a triglyceride store in the muscle. It's going to be a lot less than than what we can store with glycogen. But to a smaller extent, you could fat load. So there is that. Well, and also. I mean, I would use someone. Oh, sorry, go ahead. I was just going to say what someone there when you're fat load. Fuck. Everybody all at once again. One, two, three, go. My things are behind you guys. That's why my things behind that's why. But now I was going to say some of the faster metabolism. I would definitely use a little bit more higher fats. You know what I mean? Because you know some guys you start feeding them. You could close to the show. And it's like their metabolism picks up and everything like that. And it's like they're starting to lighter flatter. That's sort of where I'd start to utilize fats. Otherwise, I keep them pretty low as far as you know them, my guys. But definitely helps load on the carbs or should you know what I mean? So you're not burdened right through them. What the question being like increasing insulin sensitivity when you're fat loading, you're typically restricting some level of carbohydrate. So by doing that, you're becoming more insulin sensitive while you're fat loading. So now you're intercholular triglyceride stores are full. And then you can worry about storing your glycogen. So basically just you're becoming more insulin sensitive by restricting those carbohydrates for the two or so days that you're fat loading. Yeah. And why you say that that makes total sense. And I have a couple clients who have worked with Scott Abel before. And I am slightly familiar with his work. He and I didn't get along back in the day. We had a small run in as people hit on the boards. But I always had a lot of respect for the work that he did. And his knowledge he was very well established. I mean, if you were anybody at all in Canada, you'd worked with Scott Abel because he just was huge up there. He was a big in the United States too. So I'm part of it. I'm part of it. Here this and he gets mad at me because I'm saying he wasn't anything in the United States. And he thinks it's getting out of context. You know, like it, it years ago. But anyway, it goes opposite. His loading protocol is opposite of what you just said. And I found that kind of funny. You're not funny. You're the good one, please. Okay, but that's logically I would look at it because I was trying to get. I'm thinking to myself, I know his I know his loading was roughly two day. I knew a few things about it. I know he's not roughly two days. One was a higher fat day. One was a higher carb day. Like one would favor fat, one would favor carbs. So I'm thinking of myself going in before you get the information. Rough draft. It's not detailed information, but rough information from these clients. I'm thinking, okay, he's going to load the fat first. And then go in with cars. But he did it the other way around. He went carbs first. And then he went with fat. Now, you know, I can I can reach. And I can see what his ideology may have been. But then the question was, and this is why I looked into it, why not just combine the two. So you favoring one over the other in a little Scott. This is, but I are referring to Scott because he had used this method for. Fuck, I mean forever. It was very good with the method. So I personally would I think go with the. I would think that it would be fat first in England cars, but I think his ideology, his. He had the concept behind it was to get the carbs in first. And then to add the fat in the next day, because the fat wouldn't have any impact on. Like water retention or or so, building or anything like that. And that would allow any little bit of water that needed to be moved from the higher carbon take. And the fat would help to keep full so that they didn't lose fullness. That's the best I can come up with. Well, I mean, I think if you just look at it even simpler where we have compartments for glycogen, we have compartments for fat and they can't cross over, but you can fill both of them. You can either do one before the other. You can do both at the same time, but I think there's research that shows it's more advantageous to like in the the previous example of fat loading to increase your insulin sensitivity to get a hyper glycogenation if that's a word. Hyper, hyper, hyper, hyper, hyper terms of got yeah, in terms of glycogen synthase being more active to help you load more glycogen. I believe that we have an article on maldogdide.com. I think it's how to I'm going to watch this. Scott can type it in the in the mess in the comments, but how does this in a bodybuilder bodybuilder is basically as peak strategy that he did for maldogdide like five or six years ago. I've got that just what it's called. I've got this too far on us stuff on there. Yeah, there's two exactly, there's two parts on there. If you guys anyone out there is a member of the site, I would absolutely. It's got some name to find that article. I wanted to read that article and I wasn't a member. I joined for a month or two just so that I could read that article. That was really solid. And then of course I read a lot more and checked out a lot more sense, but like that was my realization. Did I? You mean you're not still a member Scott? No, I've heard a lot more than that. I just downloaded it all and I just read it later. Let me say it's really important though, and Andrew you said this earlier about the muscle can store fat and muscle can store carbohydrate. I've always found it kind of funny. I don't mean this in a kind of sending way or anything like that. But I've always found it funny. How many people I have run into other declines or whatever who don't know that the muscle will soak up. And will pull in fat fatty acids. It's almost like they want to say and somehow have to know it's just carbs. It's just glycogen. You're stupid. Your fat just goes into fat cells. That's it. Yeah. Hello. It just blows my mind that that that has not more that it's not more understood than it is. When you ask me to like loading with apps, you can use like less carbs and it'll be actually better for your digestion and like got you know what I mean. Yep, case by case case by case. Yeah, sure, but I would I'm just saying that's my kind of argument when it gets a point where if you're pushing cars and you're just pushing and mass and especially clean cars. I mean this is what goes down the skip load rabbit hole. But if you're pushing clean cars and you're pushing like crazy. And it just comes a point where it's just not fucking doing anything for you until you're loading and you're trying to get in all these clean cars for three and four days. Yeah, where there's any type of impact. So that's what I was doing with skip loading back in the early days was it was so carb. And it worked. But when as the competitors were bigger, it didn't work as well. So it was almost like there weren't enough calories. And adding in the fat that's what really helped to push and especially the larger guys that would fill them out. So much more so much like in a but it didn't take as long much shorter process. And you just got to the point where I do the large majority of my skip loads with fat now versus the traditional skip loading. I guess you could call it that was very low fat and that's what it was ninety ninety five percent of the time back. Right now it's damn near opposite. I was going to actually add I think your points get to like clients or people will still be like what what do you mean the muscle stores fat. I think Scott's article was one of the first ones that really kind of started getting coaches and people to start looking at intercellular fat retention in terms of a peak strategy and whatnot. So I definitely I like to give credit one is do and I think you know like I gave you credit last week's skip. I think you're you're trying to talk down about yourself or whatever and I'm like no you've offered a lot to this industry and I like the point out. Oh right absolutely. Yeah, Scott Stevenson has to. I've been reading his stuff for probably twenty years now. All right got a couple more here and then we'll go to the live feed as well. Oh also a little side note speaking of Scott we were talking about a rap dough he had said there was a research study on D. Oh M S that good skip. Yeah, but I guess it's not something that we were working with the level of flexor by suffoccetra. Only in one of the subjects got rabbedo. Oh shit. One of the domes of the elbow flexors. So they're doing like girls they're doing like extra nothing it's just like literally a tiny muscle. How could you I couldn't even imagine getting rabbedo off of that. Like they will you never saw the muscle tech twenty four hour arm workouts. No it was a recipe for rabbedo. Yeah, wasn't it like you would two hour arm workout and then stop and have a protein shake and then immediately go back to another two hour arm workout and then have lunch and right. I mean I remember those now. Yeah, yeah, yeah, I was. Actually I knew a guy who got rabbedo and he was drinking that all day you may product and it was just like BCA's and some other stuff and he was like and I didn't feel good. So I just was putting more in my water and he was like I just kept drinking it and drinking it and he finally ended up in the hospital. It was like oh you were drinking all that and that was making it worse because he was just like hammering all the BCA's and everything. There was some other stuff in there too. I think but I'm not saying the products bad just don't get rabbedo and drink gallons of it just don't buy it. It's going to be as rare for me. It really is. It really is. Just don't buy it. Okay, some days my rectus for Morris are visible in other days not. Seems that non-leg days are best to see them in the gym. And even better is after a massage but the massage effect is temporary is this water bad posing muscle isolation small muscle development or tight tissue. I have quite lean at this point. So they when they show they are looking great. When not the when not the quads are big like turnups and he also adds the other strong possibility of swelling post leg day and post one hour cardio walk each day. We talked about separation. Yeah. I mean I think it sounds like inflammation. We talked about this before the show and we brought this picture for everybody so they can see that. I would say it's even more basic than this. I mean this is like thinking of reading about it again like your muscles are just depleted like when your when your legs look the best when you haven't trained. When you come out of the four or five days. Okay, that too. But like two or three days after you train legs but you're also like a gym load it because you still have separation all the muscles are individually you know. Sticking out through able you're able to see them clearly your legs won't ever be bigger than when you're training your legs and you have a nasty quad set. But they don't have that kind of separation that you would have three or four days later when the blood is out of them and you but you're also a glycogen mode. And this is a exactly why for the final week of the show we stopped training legs pull back cardio. So I like get the most detail. Yeah. It sounds like he doesn't really know the consumer stuff. Well and yeah, I mean the full moon display. In the weaker muscle massage is what cause inflammation. In weaker muscles will go flat first if it was something that's a wasn't as dense. I'm going to ask you guys something and I think it's something I only discovered within the last five years that. I can more I can target that area of my quad more when I'm doing leg extensions if I lean forward if I lean forward more I can feel it right in that part of the quad. If that's due to leg having more muscular development where like I think about when I first started training in my legs or sticks you probably can't feel it like you're just your leg feels the pump you don't I mean. Yeah, what I mean back I get more out of the rectus femurcy. Yeah, it'll yeah, it'll just be safe. I've heard people say that strike when the yeah that's that's just kind of odd because I know when I lean forward it's minimal. No, I'm credently I'm sticking my leg out right now and I can flex it like I when I really hyper extend it like I'm flexing it as we speak. And it and it's because I'm leaning forward at the same time if I lean back I can do it but I it's not as much it's just a weird thing I wonder if that's like a show. We sure not confusing the other muscles. I was kind of what I was going to ask but I didn't want to say no like dip shat like androgyst. No, I'm like 100% positive. But I've heard other people say that. I've heard other people say that you know I've talked to people who get more of like down toward the tear drop when they lean forward and then further up the leg when they lean back getting more of that. Let me add something in that could make that happen and I think Andrew backed me up on this I think but if you are lifting see. Okay, I got to make sure it's famous right if you are there's two ways to do leg extensions when it comes to okay let me explain this yeah if you drive the back you know where I'm going don't you. I don't it's hard explain it is if you feel like you're driving as you extend your legs out with your your feet on the pad as you're making that movement if you feel like you're driving the back of your hamstrings behind your knee into the pad. I'm going to be different than if you're lifting or if you're not really lifting it your your your quad near the knee off of the pad of the sea but that's kind of what you're doing you're pulling up and that might be probably comes up yeah my knee probably comes up because it's. I literally just think that's exactly what it is. I literally just talked about this but for the antagonistic hamstrings when you're on the line ham curl like if you think about a line hamstring curl right how people do them like their glutes are not flex they're not pressing the hip into the pad into the pad yeah but at the same time. It's so hard to describe this without showing someone having them feel but do not like you don't want your need to come off the pad but you want to think about your knee coming off the pad and I guarantee if you do it that way you're going to have your your activating your hands for so much more and you got to cut your weight down by 30%. I can see that yeah right to try tomorrow you got to line ham curl. No I don't. We'll go out and get ones. Yeah. You do it tell me how to say I do it. Yeah I was going to say I do it somewhere I sort of just sit myself up on my elbows on a line ham curl so then you're back and your glute is odd about you taking out but yeah you like you said it's like way harder. But you feel on your hamstrings you know what I mean because you're not using your glutes. I kind of got this from Donby on the dumbbell hamstring curl the way he'd have you do them with the way Nate's kind of describing with like kind of being a little bit more arched. Yep on a flat bench but also fill this taught me this like four or five years ago he goes try this and pull in your knee think about pulling your knee off. It's still hard to show pull your knee off the edge of the pad. Yep. I mean which takes a lot more focus on you can even do it when you're standing straight up drive your knee back as you do as you do a standing hamstring curl and you will feel your hamstring activate so much more it's the same idea. I think I do that I think I do maybe not I don't do it intentionally though but I think now that you're the way you're describing that I do feel like that's the way. Hips are down in the legs if feel like you're yeah I think it would be. I'd lower listening to the audio podcast even you guys watching this it doesn't mean anything just never mind. I will say back on quad extensions I see a lot of people missing like the last two or three inches of the top part of the exercise and I think you're going to get way more of that. You know hitting that top part of the quad if you're coming up early and jacking it out as high as you can. You know at least for me I feel like way more deeper in my quad you know towards my hip. What about on the other end? I'm just gonna go ahead and see this yeah when when guys will like you know where the stack is going to hit but they stop like three inches before I see that. Yeah I think I think it's just how people do their reps like I don't think they're intentionally trying to get out of like that full stretch. I just think that's how they started getting into it where because we have two like extensions in our gym. One of them stops you before you can get a full stretch and I always opt to do the one where you can get that full stretch for the reason. So I think it's the biggest one that preached the stretch muscle like Dante that was this thing right. Yeah. That would make my stretch like weighted. It was day Smith was telling me his thoughts on that which were very similar to make sure that you're. In in in the context of saving your knees that the tension is. Yeah we're sharing force at the top right. Yeah well we're talking about it I'm talking about at the bottom even on the stretch like on the stretch. Not a bottom of of coming down getting that deep stretch and being able to pull from that stretch position is what you was saying. I definitely feel it. But that last vulnerable position is that what you're saying. I think that's what you're saying. Then the full extension yeah okay. That's what I just want to make sure that I was understanding right because it's the full extension. The straightening of the knee that has the most shearing force on all the shift that you can fuck up in your knees basically that's why. Even now I will not lack that bitch out because I just spent 16 months rehab and that mean and it feels great underneath and because of that big stretch. I use a strive and it depends on the legacy. You guys know this too you can have 20 different legacy. It's not with 20 different fields. And I use a strive plate loaded and I set that bitch as far underneath as it'll go and it's already a short back which makes you lean back anyway. You can't really lean forward mechanically on at least on the one I use and I load that bitch at the top. So it's heavy as fucking that stretch position because I have no irritation there. But because I'm so new to rehab and it could be out there in the front during that lock and I don't want to lack that bitch out. Let me sense well I will say that for a quad extension as I never go 15 to 20 reps is my rep range. I never go anything lower than 15 because that's when you're going to run in the knee issues you know what I mean guys doing eight ten reps on a quad extend like 200 pounds like come on. With the same reason why you wouldn't do all out heavy set of eight on a bicep on a preacher girl right like just your me for tearing your bicep tendon as much higher on something like that. All right. I'll jump into some rapid fire here. This is an easy one. I wanted to share it case anybody else had this question too. I don't know what this. Audia is but jam says I can't find you on audio. Can you post audio versions of your podcasts of your videos there would love to listen to them thanks again for the great content anybody who doesn't know. You can go to think big body building media on just about any podcast app no matter what you use Spotify. Soundcloud iTunes Google Play and search think big body building media you'll find all the shows there. And if you want to go way back in the archives search advice is radio and if you want to go even further back in the archives search body building nerds radio. Keep going and go to question because I got a question because see feel like people are always asking you to like. Add the audio to this or why aren't you on this wouldn't it just be easier for them just to download that app on their phone the the ones that you do post on. You could even if it's just for one podcast or do people just fall in love with their interface. Yeah, most of them don't just so in love with certain interfaces that they have to use this app like most of them that will repopulate yeah I haven't heard of that one but most of them repopulate they might have been searching for you know blood sweat and gear body building coaching Q and a or it's just body building. But it's all under think big body building media so they may have been searching for the wrong thing that's that's what my guess is because the RSS feed when you send that out like iTunes picks that up. And then that kind of gets disseminated to a bunch of other places there's a few that don't like Spotify I have to have my I had to approve it there. Google play I had to approve it there but then that also proliferates to a bunch of different spots so if for the most part of what I'm saying. If I want to watch 1883 I know I got to go to Paramount Plus. Right I'm just saying like as a user like whatever app that's got puts it on because which is like all of them right apparently all of them but already unless you search there on the page on all of them that's cool. Yeah, all right we had one about. I just sniped this out from a conversation on. Patreon shout out to everybody by the way on Patreon thank you guys we got it I got a few new patreon subscribers so thank you guys very much. I'm going to do a live stream over there next week so tune in if you're if you're one of the patreon subscribers check it out. I'm going to be posting one that she'll be happening I believe I'm going to do it next Wednesday or Thursday. Let's see though he he says he came off everything he's getting some heart testing done I don't think he wants me to mention his name. He said while he's off of everything he's trying to think about raising his free test Dante had mentioned boron and he asked if we could discuss that with the B.S.G. team. 5 milligrams twice a day. We'll help increase your free test off strong. Okay let's go this way though what will it I'm not beating it up I'm just I'm just asking for for conversation what is it really going to do as far as increase an impact. For increase in the number because it worked. Yeah, it's good so I think it's worth absolutely trying and it's great if he's like got his blood's done now and you can see what he looks like. Completely dead off everything and then test again maybe I'm using it for six to seven weeks and see the change but. Is it going to increase your free test out of normal range absolutely not but could it get you from say middle normal to. Higher normal absolutely. Because I'm just going to use myself as an example if I come off hypothetically like a week ago. And I'm going to clean out everything else but I can take pretty much. Maybe calm it maybe maybe calm it would bring it up out of the basement or help to kick it in a little but I've been doing gear for too long and I'm older. There isn't going to you know I'm not trying to sound negative I'm just trying to be realistic. I just don't feel and it could be wrong I could be just being incredibly he might be on tier team. And negative and that sort of thing. Now I'm coming off to your he is or me. Yeah I believe he's coming I believe he's on tier T he's just like not on cycle you know he and he wants to try to do everything he can so let's I see what you're saying. Like what's what's a little borne going to do when you're not having you don't have any tasks is what you're getting. Yeah so that's why in different situations like and that's why I use myself as an example. Honestly I don't even do I mean it's cheap I give you that and if I'm going to be maybe I would rather run 90 and. Instead of 60 for a total task maybe it would be worth that you know 12 bucks I don't know but I think it's a good point. First and two that's a good point so that's a good point because you're talking about. Ken's get pill being on gear 25 years you know pulling off for 10 to 12 weeks to clean out and get his health ready to do another cycle right versus. Let's say like here's where I recommend it oftentimes with more my natural guys that are completely natural or my tier T guys yeah I've just started TRT so it's you right like it's not something I'm going to tell. Nate hey you're cruising make sure you get that 10 milligrams of of boron in because it's going to make a huge difference for you right but I do think it can make a difference for someone who. They're completely natural they have their hypogonaddle and so they've low regular test total test off thrown low free testosterone and I do think supplementing with that. Because I've just seen a happen on blood work for in those cases where okay yeah bumps you up a good couple points. Yeah. Same thing with like maybe guys that are just on TRT but if it's you're right like if it's a guy who's used to like blasting and cruising probably not as big of a deal. All right I'm going to jump into the questions we had here. Let's see any advice on Gino prior to surgery. Would you hammer estrogen low so is he getting Gino surgery. I would try to get my astinous eyes I can and I would just try to see if I get those suckers to be double these and so they make the doctor work. Make a man is money. Oh my god. Who's can squeeze more out. Do you guys know anything about Drapfoot? Do you have any suggestions helping with Drapfoot? I don't know much about it. I don't know what to do. I have a client that had it but he didn't have a Drapad because I used to train him and never really exhibited anything. He always talked about his Drapfoot and I never thought to really ask him much about it because it didn't affect him. I want to learn more now. So Drapfoot says I'm going to guess and say it's a collapsed or some type of issue with an arch. That's a total sometimes called. I think it's a general. I think it's a good idea for difficulty lifting the foot part of the front part of the foot. So you can't do her reflex. So then it's the opposite of the arch. It's more a tie with the bigger. It would be your Tibialis. Maybe your Tibialis isn't working. Yeah, you have a Drapfoot front of your foot might drag on the ground while you walk. So I don't know if it's a nerve activation thing or if it's a muscle weakness just because it's weak. I guess I don't understand that. Yeah, and what we're on the topic, it's an anterior Tibialis. Is there another Tibialis? Is there a, oh, like a posture? Yeah. Just think of why the anterior, I mean clearly it's because you're not getting it in the front. Because you're not staying anterior, rectus, for more us. So you're not staying anterior biceps, whatever. Yeah, I give you a saying. So the Drapfoot is a disease. Rather foot drop is a sign of an underlying neurological muscular or anatomical problem. Yeah, I'm going to record and say we are not the guys to ask about this. You should probably talk to your dad. Yeah, I wonder, you know, but obviously whatever it is, finding out what one of those reasons it is, I know, the muscle muscular and herological, that would be the first step in trying to recover from it, right? Absolutely. Absolutely. All right, what else do we have here? Let's see, um, Andrew Nolan. He says, um, I have more anxiety. Oh, this was about when we were training, I think we maybe not talk about the squad. It might have been, but it maybe I'm wrong. Because I have more anxiety that I will stop, yeah, it is that I will stop progressing, then have to become comfortable. What's wrong, skip? What did you do? Well, I have my new lights on playing with them as it gets darker. I'm sorry, I'm trying not to be. It looks perfect, right? By the way, it was really good. Well, I have, by saying, oh, the one in the stop in the conversation, that doesn't draw any attention to it. Yeah, I don't. I think the things to do that, I have to cough so I'm going to hit the mute button and excuse me. Yeah. Okay. Skip that looks like a fake, that looks like a fake backdrop, like one of the, It really is. Are you CGI? Oh, does it really? Is that CGI? That's why I see you out. Yeah, I'm fucking, that's just, you just go out. Go out. I'm just going down. Try to be quiet. Yeah, I'm going down. So I'm just going down. Okay. How about this one here? Nick says, uh, I am on legit TRT 150 milligrams a week. I went to run 300, 300ish test for 10 weeks. Then 150 milligrams TRT for the next six weeks. And then do a TRT blood panel with six weeks. Be enough time for my hormones to level back out in pass the TRT test just fine. Are you 100? You can't press proper or you're using testosterone. Yeah. What's the, um, undeclough, no way. I think it's going on. And we're, I'm decinating. Yeah, my brain wasn't working. I mean, well, okay. Let's talk about this because I think we probably all have clients that are on TRT, medically prescribed by their doctor, but they do a little extra on the side. And they need to get, you know, have their levels be somewhat normal. somewhat normal when they get in front of their doctor, depending on how cool their doctor is. Like for I can tell you an example, I've got a master's computer, lots of muscle, and he's on TRT for maybe four weeks out of the year. Well, that's not true. But he's on true TRT, like a lot less than he should be. And he's got a pretty cool doctor, but the doctor's like, hey, let's just make sure your test is somewhat normal before you come in here. So what we do is, typically, he always has to, for some reason, get tested during his, his contests, perhaps. So we're using like prop usually or something. Yes, suster, something like that. So what we'll do is we'll simply just pull his prop out for, you know, four or five days. And all of a sudden, he's back down into the 750, 800 range, and that's perfect for what a doctor's looking for. You guys run into that issue? No. I don't have a whole lot of clients who run their TRT through, really. Yeah, I mean, I do, but it's not like a huge amount of them. I think a lot of my clients did. They got tired of all the bullshit and pain in the mind. Yeah, yeah. And they just, and they run the blood work. And they know enough about what to look for from being with the TRT clinic prior and having it not getting raped for lack of a better term and then I'll get a whole lot of shit for that. So I'll apologize. Oh, right. Turn it. We, you know, I didn't. I didn't. I'll play it again. I just can't point. You know, I hadn't said anything about challenged kid or anything like that. I think about any minorities, my anorty group, nothing but that I went with rape. I apologize. And then you just keep saying it again. It makes you the, it's not much more cringe. It makes the one who caught the, he was like, you just said it again. I apologize. That's why I'm using. Let's see how many more times he says it while you're popped. In Matt, Matt blooded points out. He keeps an Rx so he can travel with his testosterone. Yeah, that's a good reason. Yeah. I'm gonna tell you this. Oh, I won't. Like, most of my clients, the doctors don't give a shit. Like, they don't really get tested honestly. Well, there are a lot more. I'm just saying. HRT clinics. Then there were. Yeah, yeah. I was like, or even two years ago. Like, a lot of them are like, I had a woman that came to me. She was on testosterone, anovar, and wind straw. And like, she was a non-competitor. Yeah. Good God. We put her in a room. And I'm like, oh, and her doctor prescribed 25 and 25 of the var and the, and the, wow, I'm like, who's this doctor? I need to look this person up. Like, what is going to get? That's pretty good. Yeah, what would you get? What would you get if that's what she gets? She's right in 25. That's pretty for trend alone in shit. That means Jesus. But I was going to say also about the RX of traveling thing. The TSA is not looking for deer. Okay. Like, yeah. As someone, I'm not telling you to do this. I'm just saying as someone that's traveled with a legit pharmacy in my bag when I've gone for some of these two week long trips on the road, when I've been deep in a cycle, they're not looking for anything. You know, I've talked to TSA about this. They're looking for bombs and explosives. And they're not looking to protect you. They're looking to protect the planes. The planes are the billion dollars investments. The airports are the billion dollar investments. Yeah. They're not going to, you know, like, they're not trying to jam you up. Yeah. I agree with that. I have clients that do a lot of travel for work in there the same. In fact, there was a time that I would have been really careful until I started seeing clients. They're like, oh, no, I just take it all with me. All my syringes, everything, all my gear. Just starting. That's fine. Yes, you guys about it. What two months ago? I literally, I told you. That time, and all the time I have spent, I did not know that it was that common in that they did not care. I would tell clients all the time, send it to yourself. I've done that too, though. I don't know. No, no, no, no, no. No, no, no. You're much better off getting caught with it in person than sending through the mail. Because now you're sending something, you're using the federal postal service to transport your children. True. I agree with that. Let's say this. Let's throw in the little, because this part's important. And I agree with you, right, do. But they technically can't open that package without a warrant or without cause. If it were international, they could just get into whatever they want. But if you're sending something domestic, they would literally, which is probably half of the reason that they, my protein box winds up that it looks like it's been kicked for four miles, because they probably swear somethings in it and they're trying to make it look like they didn't purposely and eventually get in it. Technically, they're not supposed to be able to get into your domestic mail without a warrant. Without a warrant. Yeah. You'd have to have an issue. Like you'd have to be leaking or something like that. You know, they can open it. I think it's good. We all know the feds play it real safe when it comes to. Yeah, play by the law. I'm not intruding. Not intruding. It's personal. It would be a lot. If you were like, say, traveling to a show and you sent yourself a handful of, you know, wind stroll in a couple shots, you know, it'd be a lot to like go in and bust you for that, you know. Yeah. Well, I'll say this. Even with that being said, I now know that they basically just don't give a shit. So I was pretty happy when I was fine. I literally got off got my bagged, my luggage, and I was like walking with my chest poked out like I got it. I got gear in this bag. Oh, my gear bitch is I got away with it. And really they're looking going, we just don't give a fuck. Like what's this guy's P-Cock before? Yeah. I know. I think he's not even that big anyway. What the fuck? What's the big thing? Yeah. All right. Let's see. We got one more here. This is from Matt Blv. He said, Burberryen, how many milligrams of Burberryen per day and when should you take it to help with insulin sensitivity? We're half a cent. And 500 milligrams of amp, p.m., I think is a good way to go. I've seen studies with 1500. Yeah, I was going to say you could do three times a day too, but I think I've gone. I start. Okay, I've even started with like depending on the situation, like, hey, let's just take 500 with that meal. You know what I mean? Like, even one time. Let's see what happens with that. Do you use it every day? Like, wrong. In a situation like that. Oh, if like we're trying to fix someone's insulin sensitivity and I think it's definitely not a stress related thing, then yeah, I would do it. I'll say, okay, let's pump it. So people have it in the programs you're around, you know? Prop, because there's no real issues. There's no real negative issues with taking it. I mean, right, like we talked about it's counterpart, like, Matt Foreman for instance, which a lot of people, which much bigger 10, 5 years ago, I feel like, but a lot of guys were having digestive issues. A lot of guys were feeling like, man, I'm looking flat. Like, all the time, I experienced some massive hamstring crampion, like all the time when I was taking that. And it took me a while to figure out that that was what it was, because I just couldn't, yeah, I just couldn't wrap my head around. Why would Matt Foreman? And I couldn't find anything in the literature, but I just pulled it out. And now I don't get hamstring cramps. So no kidding. I mean, I pulled it out. Six or seven years ago. But, yeah. What do you think about losing your pre-workout meal? What's that? What do you think about losing your pre-workout meal? Like that time I'd never met Foreman. Oh, I'd never. Sorry. I mean, if it's, I mean, here's the thing. I wouldn't use it unless I had a reason, too. But then again, it's not going to hurt you if you take it and you don't need it. If you get what I'm saying. Like, I would throw it in there if we noticed the blood sugar was, you know, high regularly and I didn't determine that it had to do with a stress-related component or something like that. It was just an insulin sensitivity thing. The other things I'd be doing, too, to attack the insulin sensitivity other than adding berber in, right? We would talk about this at Nazio, you know, some type of mini diet or pulling carbs back in particular situations, adding cardio in, whatever it might be. I generally don't put it personally around training. I might thought being that our insulin sensitivity is probably going to be the best around training. So I try to put it, like say the Pacific guy trains after meal one or something. Then I'd probably put it like with his last big carb meal of the day, like a way from training assuming like your best response is going to be that early part of the day. So let's hit you later, something like that. If I was going to do one dose, let's say. I think I said you're not going to use it if you don't need it to control blood sugar. And I think if you're not, if you're using berber in and it's almost kind of just like a throw in, like I don't really know that I need it, but you know what I'm going to use it in here, then that could get into the situation where Nate is talking about, a little bit of what Scott's talking about. Okay, maybe your blood sugar running, your blood sugar levels are running a little bit low going into a workout. But that would just be more from me really not, if you were running low, then you wouldn't have needed it probably in the first place. Yeah. But then maybe Nate's situation, maybe you're hyper loading somebody pre workout with say a massive amount of cart. Like let's say the aceto throw them off the hook. I got you know what I mean. I'm just going to throw it on. So I can see a situation there, but I'd probably rather use insulin in that situation. I know right. Yeah, that was going to go like, yeah, of course. Yeah. My answer for everything is just throw some insulin in. Have you guys found people going to throw blood sugar levels? Let's just do it with insulin. Let's go right to the hormone. Have you guys found people that with mat farm and some people that will get real full and they're like, oh my god, my pumps are incredible. And then other people that go flat from it. I don't think I ever found anyone that was full. They're that had that great experience with it. I think on paper, we all thought we were going to have great experiences with it. Like I even know some prep coaches that were using it for people's carbobs and then wondering why they're sitting on the toilet every five minutes and why they just didn't have that pop on stage. Yeah. I'm paper you would think like, oh, this makes a lot of sense. This is awesome. But I think in in practical use, it just doesn't have that effect on your body. Yeah, I've known a few people. Couple people. That's why I asked. But like I wanted it to work for me and it never did. Like I'm talking a couple literally out of and this was like 2015 we're talking. Shout out to Nags. What were their body type? What were their body types? Ndove's out of care. Big like heavy Ndove. You know? So I was just going to say I have to help those out more than link your mesos. Yeah. Yeah, I go flat as shit with burberry and not farm in anything like that. Nate, it's been a pleasure to have you man. Dude, how big are you right now? You're pictures up from your gastoposing on the last episode. That front relaxed that like the my only response was like holy shit. You sent it back to me just the other day goes wow Nate looked really fucking awesome. It's from the last shot. That's probably when I was editing it because I grabbed that picture to put it up. That was fucking nuts man. That was great. Yeah, I'm just a pro so pretty like I'm like getting over 270 now. So, but pretty tight. I mean, I can still vacuum and my abs are still like pretty pretty good. I got a Christmas tree so it's not too bad. In the morning, in the morning he's got like glute lines a little bit still. Nice. Nice. And do you have do you have a plan? You do have a plan. You're doing because I think Andrew was telling us you're looking at early shows next year like the indie in New York, right? Yep. Yeah, indie in New York, first two stops. And then I mean, it depends how things go. But I mean, I was looking at like California and Puerto Rico maybe. Okay, just to make some, you know what I mean? I thought get like you guys see the world now. Go to Puerto Rico now. It's a right off, right? All right. It's right. In Andrew's like go to Puerto Rico. I've got a Puerto Rico too. Yeah, both of us. Yeah. Right. Let's cool. Skip. How's everything? What? Who? I was going to say I could probably talk Rachel and the doing it too. There you go, man. Oh. There we go. How are you going to do an intro? Maybe sick. Fuck, no. You should. Get to the end there. Do it. And skip your off the next one. You're off the task we've discovered. Yes, what's going on? Something I'm everything. Is there anything you need to talk about with us? Anything? You're ready? Okay. Well, I'm good now. Last week wasn't so good, but. Yeah. Just taking a break. It's behind the thing. Okay. Yeah, it's just time to share. I mean, you can probably see a little bit in my face too in my lack of sun and that sort of shit. But you're still doing this fuck. You know, they're okay. What's that? You still lean as fuck though. Yeah. I am here and I am here, but trust me, as it goes down this way. It's not as impressed. There you are. I appreciate it. I appreciate it again. But now I sent you some pictures. You should be like, oh, this one of the fucker. You died it for 20 weeks. Yeah. I wish I would have cut it a little bit sooner and changed gears. I just kind of ran it hard. I mean, I was having fun with it. It was relatively easy until about the last three weeks. And then I'm like, yeah, and then I had some things here that didn't go very well that I don't want to get into. Probably thing. So anyway, it was it's everything is just going to be. I appreciate you asking. And answer you're moving. You're you're you're going down to Florida. And that's all coming together for you. That's pretty cool. When is that move? I don't know yet. Like we're going to we actually sign on it tomorrow. And then. Nice. Yeah, I'm in love two places. So I don't know who probably I just want to get out of the cold. Yeah. And anything. I can't do cold. Yeah. I get the same time anymore. It fucking just kills me. And I realize that last winter. And you know, it's there's also got to be a life after bodybuilding. You know, I'm not going to be able to coach, you know, this many people forever. And I want to take some of those investments or some of the, you know, some of the, some of the things that bodybuilding is given me and invest in properties and whatnot. So I have a five and a ten year plan for nice, you know, having a retirement plan. I guess you want to call it. I like hearing that, man. I do. That's cool. All right, guys. Well, we appreciate everybody watching. Of course, if you have questions, comment below. Please comment with questions for the next show. You guys have been doing a great job. We'll be knocking out another couple episodes in a couple weeks. So if you don't hear your question here, I've got a couple things we're uploading still. So it may be on another episode. Stay tuned. If you don't hear it, they'll comment again because we, you know, I try to get to everything, but I don't always get to all your questions. Of course, go to our sponsors. Go to trunutrition.com. You guys are code, thank for some additional savings over there. Like I've said before, ask me if you have any questions about any of their supplements. I'd be happy to talk to you about them. Go to supplementsource.ca for those of you in Canada. Pretty work out. So I've seen for like 15 bucks. I mentioned Carmelin for like $30 off for really prices. You can't be it if you're in Canada plus they ship afterdren. Which you guys just take for granted anyway. It's like a miracle to me. As I mentioned before, Strom sports nutrition. You can shop with them and know that they support what we're doing. If you're in the UK, I'm sure you already know about Strom. They're one of the best health supplements over there. And of course, go to Patreon. You guys can reach out to everybody here for coaching. We all do coaching, believe it or not. The blood's what you're coaching, Q&A. Yeah. Go to team skip.com. You can reach out to skip there 20 years of experience. This guy's been doing it for a long time. We all have a lot of respect for you. You're going to be a great experience. Whether you think you believe it or not, sometimes when we're giving you a shit. You can go over to bodybarry.com. You can reach out to Andrew there for some coaching. Nate Instagram is the best way to hit you up, right? Yeah. Does that make it sphere? Nate, spirit. I'll have links to all this below and you can reach me. McNallydiance at gmail.com. We appreciate everybody watching. And guys, as I said before in the last episode, we did. I appreciate having this opportunity to hang out with you guys because I'm learning along with everybody else. So thank you very much for doing this show with me. Thanks. Always appreciate seeing you next time. See you guys. See you.