What's up? The most top tart flavor in white soup. Yeah. Blueberry. Blueberry is like an emergency flavor. That's the gas station. And then blueberry strawberry and blueberry. When you buy the four flavor box that has strawberry cherry blueberry and chocolate, blueberries like the extra flavor that they filled the box with. Blueberry is the one that you mathed out and you decided it was still cheap. If you wait for the one that I'm just happy. The other one is the one you trade at school. Everybody welcome to It's Just Body Building. Big round parlor here with Dusty Handsha and the producer Scott McNally. Remember to like, share, subscribe, comment, and ring the bell. Yes, ring the bell. And of course, I am mutant.com. Go to I am mutant.com. Get your ISO surge. Get your all in. And everyone should get on the gear. Got to be on the gear guys. It's a must. It's a must. Okay. Coach. Yeah. Dusty. Oh, look at me. I can't get the number out of my head. First. Get the number. No more number. Codes are dusty and big run and use them with pride and keep us employed. You know, head office is always honest or like, if your code drops one more use. Part of the. I'm going to get you out of here. And Sean will get some good looking young kid with the 100,000 more followers than you to pimple that code. It's gone immediately. Gone immediately. Yes, exactly. So it's been a good week. I had a great week guys. I'm happy to be here. I managed to get out of my blanket a couple of times. Yeah. I'm dancing around. I was, it didn't rain very much this week. So I got out of my bike a few times and I watched my Bitcoin go up. But that's another story. Oh, yeah. I'm used to it. You know, I had a guy run that messaged me and he said it was so funny. Because I, he might have asked you to. He goes, what are you and Ron doing with with the crypto? I said, we never stopped buying the entire time. Yeah. He's like, oh my. Yeah. So the two years that you sat there. We were just like hammering away. But look to be money for nothing. And yeah, I texted Ron the other day in the middle of the night. Scott, there we go. First in the morning here. And I just said, go look at this thing. And the percent went up. I had a really good night sleep last night. Oh, yeah. I took a day. I took a day off work. I messaged Ditto. I'm not coming in today. I'm basking. Yeah. I just haven't touched my eye. I haven't touched mine. I just let it sit there and I try to forget about that. I'm not going to get my hands baby. That's what I need to do. You know, no, man. I've had an auto buy. I've had an auto buy set for like, I mean, it's been like five years. I've had an auto buy set every week. Okay. Bye. Bye. Bye. Every single week. I don't do anything about it and just auto buy. And so I don't want to, we're not going to, we're not crypto experts. We're not financial advice. I'm going to a little bit. But does he's like, for a few other bucks? I strongly feel that Bitcoin's going to be 150k by the end of the year. And I also was talking to or talking to a guy about just the math Bitcoin. It did already flip silver once for like worldwide market share, right, investment capital total. It's actually drop below silver now, but they're like almost tired. They're like 1.4 billion each, right? But it's past meta. It's past silver. It's going to pass Google. It's going to pass Microsoft. It's going to pass in video. And when it takes the top spot, which it eventually will, it'll eventually have more investment capital than a thing gold. When it takes gold, it'll be worth $750,000 a coin. Good. That will happen. So I just want to remind everybody you didn't miss the boat. Everyone, the things you miss about. You miss the boat. And obviously you miss the boat on the penny to $100, which is like the instant, you know, $1,000 a coin. I was telling people because I was getting Bitcoin then. And I was saying, guys, check this out. People didn't know how to figure it out. But there were people and they all thanked me like two years later. You know, I knew a guy that bought in 2012 and sold in 2016 for $160 million he cashed out and he gave his ex wife because it went through divorce. He gave his ex wife like, I think they settled a give it like 40 million bucks. After taxes. And then he told everyone. And he was on Facebook in 2012 saying, by Bitcoin. And I was like, what's he talking about? Yeah. Right. Yeah. I started into that one. 2016. And I got out most of it 2018. I think it was. Yeah. You got pretty good. Did. All right. You know, but I still I kept a little humble in that little stuff. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No. We're good. But yeah, just just remember like. People at sale, you miss the boat, you miss the boat. Well, you didn't miss a boat on the S&P 500. You didn't miss the boat on like all this stuff's going to keep going out for the next 20 30 years over time. So like think about that way. Gold is up to. I know you guys are good. Yeah. Gold. Gold's doing really good. It was like 2,200 an ounce at the beginning of the year. Now it's like 2,600. So and that's only going to be stable. You know what I mean? Yeah. So please remember. If you put it. If you keep a thousand dollars in your bank account in 10 years, it'll be worth. $800. Yeah. But if you buy something like some decent stocks or some Bitcoin or a gold. A K for more really nice, you know, Bulgarian A K like my friends got here. Then in in in 10 years, it might be worth at least a thousand dollars. And you didn't lose any money on an inflation. And in worst case, or it's worth 2000 or 3,000 or 4,000 or 10,000. And also important for those of you who don't know because I just had this conversation on the kid at the gym. So the other day, I was actually, I got a little aggressive in the gym. I was buying some and might get stuck for a minute. And I couldn't log off. I couldn't. So I was sitting there and watching it move in price while it's not going. If there wasn't a huge amount, the kid was like, what are you doing? And I told him. And he was like, oh, because I could never do the Bitcoin. Because I can't afford to buy one. I'm like, you don't have to buy one. I had someone asked me to say in question. Really? I was like, you can't get in. Now it's too much for a Bitcoin. Yeah, he thought you had to buy one. Like, you bought a coin and it was yours. As I know, you could put like $300 in. Yeah. He was like, I mean, mind blown. He thought that people were going in. He thought it was on my phone right then and there, I was like, you know, I'm just putting $72,000 real quick to be another one. No, let me get a couple of those. I'm like 100. You know, I'm doing a little better than I lead on. If I could just drop a quick 150k because I decided to. Yeah. I wish I did hold on to a little bit more. I did have, I think it was 12 or 13. And back. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. I'd be doing really good right now. But I'm being honest. Yeah. Yes. I didn't mean to derail, but I thought it was important to bring that up. I was like, oh, crap. I didn't know that. So it sounds like you had one too. Yeah. If you've got a couple hundred, I think the minimum is it like 200 bucks or something. Well, the smallest increment. The smallest increment is one Satoshi. Which is a decimal point with seven zeros and then a one. So that's the least amount of Bitcoin that can be like, that's one unit. Right. Right. I don't know what the minimum buy is. I mean, I'm most apps probably have like, because they got a little fee and stuff. You probably got to spend the least hundred bucks or 20. I don't know 50 bucks or something. Yeah. But yeah. Never too late to get in. Put that hundred bucks in and just see what happens. You won't be doing this one. Don't go to dinner on Friday night. Do this instead. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. I don't really eat out anymore, guys. We sort of just stopped. We got two dogs. And now we just want to be home with the dogs all the time. So, I'm going to go to the next one. So, okay. What's the first question? Me? We had a topic. Dusty? We had a topic. You guys knew it. I guess. I'm letting you who's going to say it. All right. I'll roll it through here because I sent it to the little group. So I can, I got to read the, got to read the right up to make it correct again. But so here's what it was. I had a guy reach out and he wanted to help with gear. And that was his sole purpose of wanting to hire me. He said, I want to get you, I can do the diet, the train, all that. But I just want to hire you for gear. And so, I want to ask you guys if you actually think you'd justify hiring someone for gear. Because I just, I don't find it that secret over that complicated. So, I blew, I'm not told the kid to answer the question for anybody who's listening, that I would not steal from him. And take $250 to tell him how to do a cycle. Same crazy. Yeah. Yeah. I've had people reach out to and they say they want coaching. And like, okay, well, you know, sending your current situation, you know, because sort of like, get going and then I realize that they just want a cycle. Yeah. And, you know, I say to those people like, you can just Google this stuff, like you just do a simple cycle, like you literally ask, like, all these podcasts that are show, like just do a simple cycle. Just do like 10 weeks, a low dose test, like you don't, there's nothing magical about this stuff, you know, like you're not a high level guy that's got 10 different drugs coming in and out during and even that's too complicated. Some of those, some of the times during like a pro show contest preparation like that. Just like get some test and a membership like I was saying. And just like there's nothing really crazy about this and like that's the wrong, that's a bad spend. I know, maybe some coaches out there where that's like a big part of what they do is just write cycles for people, but I mean, my cycles are boring. Like boring, like it's like the least important part of what I talk about to clients. And you know, and I have to time, like I come from an era where the cycle was like, okay, well, what can you get that's good. Yeah. Right. Like, you know, like I go back to that story that Chris Hasido told me that one year when I was at the USA, and he had that one light, that one heavy weight that was a complete free. I can't remember his name and it might have been Frank. I can't remember anyway, he had this freaky heavy weight. He said, come look at this guy with me. So I walked down the hallway and the guy posed in the hallway and I was like, that dude's nuts and he's like, yeah, he should have seen him like seven weeks ago. He didn't look good. He was way behind and I go, what happened? Then he said, I finally just put my foot down and I said, I think your gear's shit. And he goes, really? And I said, yeah, you should be changing. You train hard. You got great genetics. You're not changing. You should not changing the way you should be. What can you get that is definitely real? Absolutely 100% pharmacy. And he was why I can get test prop and prescription like pharmaceutical out of our. And he said, Kate, drop everything and just take that. And then the next seven weeks, the guy just bucked. Just got him ready to get. So it's it's said I come from like that era where that was very common, right? And so there's no like, oh, this coach is going to tell me to take all my last coach have me taken 300 master on, but my new coach has me taken 400 master on. So you watch out. Yeah, the magic though, the magic literally. Having the education like the understanding to know what Chris knew, you know what I'm saying? Yeah, like that's where maybe having a coach comes in handy when it comes to gears to be able to say like, you know, something's not adding up here. So let's switch the plan, but how often does that happen usually it's rare. You know what I mean, most of the time everybody gets here that's at least going to be decent. It's going to mainly do what you want it to do. I'm with you guys 100% you know, and if you do watch our content enough, like we have shows that cover all this stuff. We have shows that are like, here's her first cycle. This is what you should do. You know, you have a show that is primarily about drugs. It's called drugs and stuff. In stuff. Yeah. And stuff. Yeah, the drugs is the first word. In fairness, so our show is called, it's just bodily and we rarely talk about it. Good point. Yeah, I mean, maybe they never talk about drugs. Yeah. So the people that are watching this episode, they're like, where's the contest coverage? There are more and more people that are doing that though. By the way, there are more and more like just, well, this guy's my, training coach, this is my posing coach. This is my diet coach and this is my gear coach. He's a gear guru. You know, there's there's getting to be more and more people that are doing that nowadays. I've noticed. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, hey, good. I don't hate on people that have a hustle. I don't knock the hustle willing to pay you for that. That's fine. Because I feel, I don't know. I've told people before because you and I know you guys get this. What's the cycle for cutting? What's the cycle for bulking? And don't get me wrong. There are things that would make more sense. But I can cut on anything. I don't give an adrol, decka, and test. Like things that everyone says, no, I'll get sliced out of my head. It'll be like, I think there's this really odd thing in people's mind where they're. Halo. Take Halo when you're 14% body fat and tell me how much a child is. You're going to have to ask all. Nothing. You're going to see my mind. You don't. And I think that's a lesson people need to learn. Again, just hammer home Chris, like he's not even like he's on the show here. Very first show I do with him. We're cruising along and I was young. And I said, so do we switch from the oil based to water based. And he goes, you look good today. I said, yeah, he was. How'd you get here? What do you mean? How did you get your wet drug? So I was like, oil based here. Why would we change that? You look good today. Yeah. And I actually, fun fact, have only used probe one time my entire career. Yeah. I never, I never, it just, it was never an ascerry. I threw away a lot of bottles. Because I thought I needed them. And we just never switched. I just stopped buying them because I never needed it. I just used them. You know, sip all the way into shows or susten out all the way into shows. And it was fine. So I really, I think it's important that you guys know that they're listening because someone will take your money to write down something you've been listening to, drugs and stuff for two weeks. While you're making your food and put together your own cycle for free. Just gives me that little money for the, you know, just give me a little some. A little patron. Yeah, a little patron. The only probe I ever used really was off season. And it was back before I even competed. It was like when I was young because we were getting, I could get these little boxes of that probe from the vet. Like you don't get it in probe. Like he had a little 100 milligrams, 10 CC bottles of unit vet, a farm boy. Oh yeah, we need that. Yeah, we go to the small town that was a little bit farther away. And talked to that vet who would, you know, drop a case and it would break. And right at office, we break it. He'd put a few hundred bucks in his pocket and we'd leave it at the box at the unit vet test. And that was the prop and it hurt like shit too. That was like, I think it was probe like it. You couldn't take a two mil shot. You'd take like a one mil shot and then you'd like go ride the bike or something like, It wasn't fun to do man. Oh yeah. And you take like three mils a week. And it was just cycle because it was like you could stand and you couldn't take more if you wanted to hurt. Oh no. And then like, you know, where do you put it? Well, depends on what you're training the next day. If you're training like that. Yeah. Yeah. So like that, that was my like early experience with probe. So I just never used it for prep ever. You know, that's just an example. But I think that this, it goes back, it's just the base, you know, mentality, people think there's a secret. You know, what's a secret? Yeah. What do you think I eat? What do you think I eat? Take a wild guess. You know, so you know what else I will say that I didn't realize is how wild genetics are. And I know that's bad news for everybody. Carbon news. You got to, you got to play the hand you were dealt like it was when you wanted. But just understand how genetically better these people are than you. I, and I'm not saying that as a way to slow you down, but just help you understand the difference in their bodies. You know, and how they function do things. I mean, so you guys will love this. So Jose takes me yesterday's like, how's the knee? And I say great, man. I say, I don't know. I don't think it's going to be maybe a month before I made with us lightly start training. It goes, oh, it's exactly how long it is. He's like, I did it after the 2016 Arnold on Tuesday. I had that same thing done. I said, oh, how was the recovery? He said fine. I was training within a month. I took third at the Olympia six months later. There you go. Yeah. And I'm like, okay, so my knee will recover good, but I still will ever be at the Olympia. God. Yeah. But I mean, I don't think people realize and having hung out with enough of these guys and seeing. That they've got the genetics and they work their faces off. But I've seen firsthand what they take and it will disappoint you. I'm telling you that across the board, the best guys take less than the second best group of guys. And I'm not saying it's because they, it's because they don't have to. It's not that they wouldn't take more, but that other groups chasing. They have to do what they have to do. So I'm not pretending the guys don't have a bunch of gear at something I mean, but the very best. It always blows my mind and almost makes me sad because you're like, oh, here that much better than me. Holy shit. Yeah. You know, I mean, I saw Jose at the USA's one year. And he was fat and small. I remember because Chris saw me go to fat and small. He's like fat and big is better than fat and small. You know, then you fast forward like eight weeks and he was blown out and sliced out of his mind. And I was just like, I should have done something else at my time. This is not what happened to me. You know, so right. I just think that that's something important because I do understand that my point of this is I understand why people chase it. Because you're looking and you're working your ass off and you're doing what you read online. You're taking test and EQ and you're training hard and you're eating well. And why don't I look like these guys? Well, maybe there's some more to unfold within yourself. Don't get me wrong, but it's not the drugs. I promise you that part. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. They're response to things. Everything. They're response to training. They're response to cardio. And it's some. Yeah. And I'll tell you what. I agree 100% and that's coming from a position where before I knew as much as I know now. Before I coached ever before I ever wrote a single diet. I helped advise people for gear. Like that is literally where I drew the line. I was like, oh yeah, I'll help you with gear. And back then, my ideas for gear were a lot more complex than what they eventually became. You know, right. You want to out of that. Yeah. We're like, we're going to start out with, you know, front loading with this compound because it's fast acting. Mother long acting compounds build up. And then we're going to switch to this, you know, eight weeks in because it's going to do this for you. And then I realized eventually that like, hey, if you were to just take, you know, 500 tests all the way through, you really could have gotten a pretty similar result. Taking a lot less shot saved a lot more money, you know, and probably stayed healthier in the process too. So I literally have come full circle with that because there was a time that I was like super complex with all that stuff. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I remember Dorian talking about half lives and like that sort of thing back in the early 90s. Like he was talking about like, well, you know, you take a drug that has a, you know, seven day half life. Then, you know, by the time you're in your third week, you should have a very stable levels of it. Yeah. I got a support. Yeah. Like in a, like, draws the chart, you know, I remember seeing like a chart that he, I can drew, like someone showed it to me. And it was like, you know, peak half life, peak half life. And he's like after the third week, you're like, you got pretty stable levels in there. He's like, you just don't worry about it so much. You know, just take it and train and let everything just do its job. And I sort of see a little bit of a resurgence in the complication of things. Like I see people talking about stuff and I have guys younger guys asking me questions that are very complicated. And I'm like, this, this is, you know, I think we like complication because it drives the need for some coaches want people to think things are complicated, right? Oh, yeah. You can't do it on your own. It drives the need for them to come in and, you know, take care of the details of your diet. Right. You know, there's a thing too, man, is that, but I realized what I learned was all of that energy that I invested. Because I didn't learn a lot about gear early on. Like a lot about gear. I, if I would have maybe stopped shy of where I had gone with that, and maybe put more focus into figuring out training. You know, like I understand to diet. It was like gear and diet, gear and diet. The training is just the trigger for growth. So you just go and do that. And that kind of works for a period of time. You know what I mean? If you hit the gear hard and you eat a lot of food and you go in there and just kind of like train hard, whatever that means. You're going to make some progress, but there's going to be some limitations to it. You can only eat so much food. You could only take so much gear, but there's always going to be something new with training. And if you stay on top of that aspect of it, to me, that's really, you, you guys tell me, would you agree is training the biggest limiting factor in bodybuilding? Well, if everyone is executing their food park correct, because the diets, for example, the three of us. I write a training, I write a diet, I write a cardio, I write supplementation. If you take all the supplements exactly how I said, eat the diet exactly how I said. You know, all of these do the cardio exactly how I said. The problem is the training. I only know if you do that the way I intended if I saw it. Yeah, because it's very simple. If I say take a middle leader of test and you take a middle leader of test, right? We've accomplished the goal. But if I say one rest pause of 15 on the incline, and I watch your setback and realize you left seven reps on the table, you did it. You stopped at 15, but not the way I meant. So yes, I think in that regard, it's absolutely the missing link. And that's why with the clients who I can, they're local, I try to get in for one workout. So I was like, we've talked about in the show. I remember the day I learned how to train and it changed everything. And that's what I try to do with clients. Like, just give me one workout. And I will complete. If you really want this, you will take the lesson from this one workout. Yes, implemented in all of your workouts and your set. It's the same argument I have with people because I have a lot of people, you know, especially when I live in Scasa. I'll pay anything I want to train with you in the gym and I'm like, you can't afford me no matter how much money you have because I don't want to leave the house. And it's not worth it. But I will train you once and then you would never need me anyways. Yeah, you should love training hard. And that's why we harp on that. You know what I mean? Like, we don't harp on like the other aspects. I think for this show and really the channel is a whole, it all comes back to the training, you know. What is the one part that isn't as black and white? I mean, you eat the eight ounce of chicken or not. Right. Right. Yeah, everything else is a yes or no. Yeah, right. You didn't kind of eat the chicken, either dead or you didn't. Right. But the sets, you trained pretty hard, but not as hard as you could of. Like there's a range in there, you know. It's the only great thing, which is what makes it complicated. Yeah. And I think it's also why it gets overly beaten up. It's the craze now on the super slow versus this versus that. I'm like, there's a happy medium in all that trust me. Yeah, just look across the board of all the biggest baddest people you've ever seen average out, give or take what they're training look like. And that's where you should be. And you should be fine. Quality straight sets are the foundation of everything that's been accomplished in body building. You can add other stuff like there's rest pause, there's all sorts of other things that come into it like dusty set. I know where we all use different things, but at the end of the day, can you do a quality set of 10 reps to failure where every rep looks pretty much identical to the next rep. And you control the weight and then the weight slows down a lot on the eighth rep, but you manage to grind out the ninth. And then you grind out the tenth and maybe you've got to put your hands on your knees or you get someone to help you. If you can do a bunch of those sets, that is like the foundation the house is built on. And you know, it's it's very simple. I feel like that's the one area when you discuss training with Dante, Justin Shire, you know, John Meadows, all of these different people who have different ways of doing things. They all kind of come back to the same thing where if the set is done like that and today it's 300 pounds. And in two years it's 400 pounds, chances are you doing it with 400 pounds is bigger than you doing with 300 pounds. Chances are very good. You know, the progression because the food is all taken care of. So, what are you doing with like reps instead of 10? Yeah, same thing exactly. Okay, I got something I got to ask guys real quick one. This is from our friend Lucas and he asked us I pulled this picture up because I didn't even know myself. You said, what do you guys think of Sam Sulek's new haircut? Now, have you seen his new haircut? No, I don't like it. I got the moment. I got a haircut. Yeah, I didn't know we had a haircut. I didn't know we got a haircut, but this is it. Oh my god, you got a bull cut. What's the back? Is the back just like normal? It's just normal. You see there's no hair back there. Yeah, there's no Alabama mudflap or nothing. I hate it. Of course, that's the most flattering possible picture of Sam Sulek. About that one. New hair. Don't care. That's from somebody's YouTube. I love the new. I'm not fortunate because of his haircut. I'm not. Judged. We hold on. I think my hat off. There we go. I'm right. I got to do a fresh shave on my dome. This is where I endorse the pit bull headshaver that I have. Use code wrong. No 20. Just crown. Code wrong. Put just put the code in. See if it works. I think those pit bull shivers should do like a just like a liberal discount since a lot of those girls are shaving their heads. After this whole deal, that'd be great. Oh yeah. Offer it towards them. Yeah. Great. All right. I have another one that this one I'm just this is for me because I'm very curious about you guys. You get to tell the next generation one piece of advice does not have to be original at all. Just something that you believe to be extremely valuable to living a prosperous life. What would that be? You guys are acting like I didn't send you these questions. I didn't think about it. I didn't think about it. Do you expect this one? I don't actually don't remember this one being on the list. That's fine. Typical guys. It's the sixth question. There's only six. No one got that far. They're at three. So it's like, oh yeah, these are good. Stuffed at three. Be fit. Be far more. I don't know if we're picky. I don't want to use it picky, but about saying which is your guy selective. Selective. Selective. About who you spend your time with. Like that. Like I had bodybuilding in my life in a big way when I was young. So I had all these goals. So I was going to bed, getting my meals. I had structure. I had all this stuff. But I saw the people around me that didn't have that structure necessarily as cemented in. And it wasn't as important to them. So they wound up like hanging out with people. And I'd be like, why are they hanging out with that person? They're not even that good of friends with them. And that person's clearly not a positive for their life. You know, why are they hanging out with that person? That person is so much drama in their life. Why would you want to hang out with someone who's got constant drama in your life? Be far more selective. Don't be afraid to just say, no. No. Like you don't owe anybody anything. You don't have to spend your time with people. You can you can focus on spending your time with people that are in the same place. And you can't spend your time with people that are in that positive for your life. And be far more selective about who your friends are. You know what I mean? I've been very aware of that. Like I always look around at people and like, why are they hanging out with that person? I know that person's got tons of drama. And then six months later, they're not friends anymore. I'm like, yeah. See, they eventually realized it. But it's just, I think young people fall into that trap too. And I just, I think that who you surround yourself, they say you're a, they say you're a result of the five people you spend the most amount of time with. And I think that that's very important to remember who do you want to become, you know? And we see this message a lot. Bumstead's been pushing this message like, I don't want to just leave a legacy that I won six Olympias. I want to leave a great example of who I became winning those six Olympias. And you could extrapolate that down to your situation. You know, what type of person do you want to be in five years? What sort of habits do you want to have? What do you want to be good at? You know, if you want to be better at playing guitar, then make sure you keep that in your life. And don't let all these other people with their negative nonsense take you away from the things you like to do. And it's all, it all adds up is what I'm trying to say. And then people use spend your time with is a big deal. And another thing I would say is to all the young people out there, start investing some money. It is the game changer. If you don't understand compound interest in the power of compound interest, do some Googling, do some math. You start putting a couple hundred bucks a month away when you're 19 years old. You're going to be worth millions of dollars when you're 40. And I know 40 seems like forever away. But trust me, you're going to wake up tomorrow and you're going to be 40. And you're going to go holy shit. I got one point five million dollars in my R.S.P. I don't have to worry. Like if everything goes completely sideways, I'm fine. Like I keep working and doing my thing, but I'm fine. You know what I mean? And do please do that. Or it's great. Very key. How about you Scott? I've got two. Number one is take advantage of your life by making sure that you do something different. Like always, always try to do something unique. You know, we walk the dog every night and we take one loop. And we'll get in the habit of just taking that same loop. But if you just take the same loop, like if you drive to work the same way every day, which I understand you're trying to get to work. You know, you kind of realize that like, oh god, I just like lost 20 minutes. It's a 20 minute drive to work, but it felt like five because you're not, you're just on autopilot. And you can live your life that way. Like that's why as we age, time starts moving faster. When we're a little kid, summer time last forever. And I've said this before long time ago on the show. But summer time last forever when we're a little kid, because everything that we're doing is new and different. Like three months, right? But it seems like a year, you know? And the older we get, the faster time moves, and it's because we're not doing something new or doing something different. So our brain just goes on that autopilot. We are all only going to be here for so long. So if the more things that you can do, they're different, the more you'll keep your brain alive, the more you'll get enjoyment out of life. That's number one. Number two is sometimes I'll get terrible anxiety. Like I'm about to fall asleep and then all of a sudden I envision myself at like, you know, 75 years old and victorious, like, you know, 13 years younger than me. And I'm like, oh my god, how am I going to keep up with her? And I'm going to die and I'm going to leave my stuff to her. And did I really accomplish everything? And all that happens in about like a split second. Like I have all those thoughts. They all happen at once and then my eyes open up. And if I tell her that she kind of laughs and was like, oh my god, no wonder you can't sleep. You got to let go and ask, right? And that sounds like a really bad thing. But if you, here's the thing. I think the anxiety can be a good thing too because it drives me to do everything that I want to freakin' do in my life. So we are running like three at least three podcasts a week. You know, I get to hang out with these guys. I get to hang out with everybody else on the shows. You know, I get to work with and talk to and help advise, like alter to people, you know, cook that I coach. And I get to do things that make me feel like I'm really freakin' happy. And all of that in part is due to that anxiety that makes me feel like I need to take advantage of life and get everything out of it. You know what I mean? It's not absolutely. Kind of a bad thing, kind of a good thing, but it ends up helping to drive me. And I sleep better at night knowing that I've done something good for the day. So. Now, yeah, it's great. I've had, I've actually seen multiple, multiple people much, much, much more intelligent than me talk about the fact that anxiety is used as a negative all the time. Yeah. And they literally say, like, it's the opposite. Like, there was an interview. I think someone was on with Jordan, I think with J.P. And she was talking about that. And she goes, well, I had anxiety for this interview. Which made me get prepared for this interview. So it wasn't a bad thing. It just made sure she showed up ready to rock. Because she's like, holy shit, I'm sitting now in Jordan. I need to be ready. I mean, this guy's ready all the time with what goes on his head. And that was her whole point. So I think it's, if I didn't have anxiety of some sort, I would worry. Oh, yeah. It's like, because you, I think that comfort is the most dangerous thing. I think you should look for resistance. Resistance is where you grow. You know, I think for bodybuilders, it should be a really simple thing. How do you get more muscular? I mean, obviously we know the food the drugs, how do you get more muscular than a gym? You look for more resistance. You do the hardest thing. And through that pain comes growth, you know, through that resistance. Then in life, people look for all the easiest ways. Yeah. No, no, no, no. So, which leads me to do the thing, and it's something that I hammer at home all the time with the girls. And I love it. Because I'm sitting with two people that I can say this without question. If I can't live this way, which is how you do anything, is how you do everything. I hammer. But if they were here right now, they would be screaming, madame. Because this is something I hammer all the time. I'll see them do the smallest thing, and they think I'm just riding their ass. You know, the other day, we have an upstairs vacuum and a downstairs. They're cordless. And I went upstairs, and the upstairs woman was full, after they were done doing it. And not plugged in. Then I came downstairs, and the downstairs woman was in the closet, and not plugged in. And I was like, you're not done. That bothered me. And when you need them in three days to do it again, because that's your chores, they won't be ready. And so I send them a long thing. I know you guys think I'm an idiot. And you think it's a waste of time, but I'm telling you, successful people, finish that. All the way to the end, every single time, you know, if I asked Ronted, if I owned a gym, also, I said, hey, can you go take care of the locker room? I don't need to look at it, because he's going to make sure the soaps are full, the hand-hawks are so. Every single detail is locked down. The garbage cans are empty before he comes out. If you don't do that in every fast of your life, you will not be successful. It bleeds into everything. I have crazy thoughts in my head, and I sometimes think that I'm a mental patient. But when I'm like, I'll be loading the dishwasher. And I'll put some stuff in, and I'm loading the dishwasher. And then I'm like, oh, I started this wrong. I didn't know that big bowl had to go in there. And I'll take a bunch of stuff, and I'll rearrange it. And I'm, because I have like a obsession with efficiency. And I'm like, there's absolutely no reason I can't get all of these dishes in there. Right? Like I could easily leave a couple things in the sink and just run the load. And just, you know, get them on the next load. But I, I, I, to challenge to myself to be efficient enough to fit them all in. I know I can fit them all in. So I'll take a minute to rearrange a bunch of stuff on the top, so I can get that one bowl in there. And then I can get everything on the bottom. And then I'll stand back, and I have this like there. That's a correctly loaded dishwasher. I got everything in. Nothing in the sink. Perfect. So everybody at home who doesn't do that. Guys, I'm, I'm with you. I'm not on that level with Ron. But I have a, I have a person in my life that does do that. And so I defer to her because she's much better at it than I am. Again, speak selective of who you spend your time with. Right? This is where you can select people in your life that can come through one certain things. And then you can come through another. So that's good selection by Scott there. Thank you. Yes. I saw one of my, you know, of one of the memes it said in every marriage. I've seen a person who loads the dishwasher like a squirrel on crack and one that loads it like this Scandinavian architect. That sounds about right. Yes. See, but I have a different saying with relationships that we are all part of, which is never relationship. There's a richer and a settler. I've been reaching my entire life. I try to make up for all my fault by being good with the dishwasher. That's I'm desperately trying to keep my job. That's classic. All right. You got some more Scott. I got more waiting. So. All right. Well, I had to comment. I had to bring up. So we're still trying to figure out guys. We want to do a contest for the two acts mutant hoodie. We did get one idea and it's not a bad idea at all from county Richards says, contest idea for the hoodie. How about the the best person who triggers Ron? I don't wear a two acts. Yes. You're not allowed to participate. We're working trigger on the best. You know, I like that. When the hoodie, I think that's a good one. We could just let that run in the background. You know, I just like that. Okay. That's the contest. I might just announce it. I might just announce it immediately during the show. It was in finishes of rampage. Oh, I do get a pause once not a question. I've won you guys to see this one. It says, you guys are a positive voice last week. I created an LLC for a hobby that became a passion. Nice. And I know that's something in hammering. Nice. Here's an important picture. Right. Knoth lunch with his friends because they're talking about that business. Don't worry, cigars count to. Anyone who's keeping score. Yeah. Yeah. Welcome to the next level. Anyone that's got an LLC. Welcome to the next level. This is an important Patreon question from Phil. What's the most top tart flavor in why you're so very new. Very new berry blueberries like an emergency flavor. That's you're the gas station and the blueberry strawberry and blueberry. When you buy the four flavor box that has strawberry cherry blueberry and chocolate, blueberries like the extra flavor that they filled the box with. Blueberries the one that you mathed out and you decided it was still cheaper if you wait for the one to just have the other ones. This is the ones you trade at school. Yeah. I'm it's good to know that people like you're out there though because that way when I need a confetti. So when you have I can give you this crappy blueberry. So you know what there's to me that the grand champion still is the strawberry frosted strawberry. I like that one. Frosted strawberry pop tart is just home sweet home. And I like the raspberry one too. Raspberry's great. And that chocolate one chocolate one's good but I'm a strawberry guy. Yeah. Do you toast them? Fetty cake for sure. I toast them if I'm at home but I'll eat them cold. I'm not afraid. Oh yeah. You know what? You know what else I'll do? I'll eat both of them together like a sandwich. Oh, well machine 70 grams of carbs right there. My problem is the crumble on that maneuver. I just got to kind of suck it and then just smash half. You got to kind of like bite and then kind of breathe in a bit and you get the pop tart desk goes in your mouth. Have you noticed if you items that just piss like when I get them I think of you know having kids and you're like who came up with this shit? It's gonna end up everywhere. Yeah. Like a pop tart you got to actually know how to eat if you want to keep it clean and forget about like those. What are those honey bars? They're like. Oh god. Sounds messy and I'm demolitely terrible. Unbelievable. They're delicious. But you don't just say if you microwave a pop tart it only means like three seconds. If you go to like ten seconds then the inside is boiling. I don't know. Maybe you guys haven't really do a lot of toasting but yeah. If you microwave them there's a window in there. It's under ten seconds in the microwave. If you go beyond that the inside turns into a like literally gone like a boiling boiling. I'm like a lot of them. Yeah. But you'll take a big bite because the outside isn't that hot. Right. And then you get the lava right in the mouth then your own Kellogg's. Yeah. I think it's like six seven seconds is the right window. I had a funny experience of the day I've tell you about with the microwave. I bought a new faucet. We got a nice new tower faucet in the kitchen. That's nice. That's nice. Anyways, I bought this really nice faucet at home deep open when in bought it paid for everything. And as I'm walking out, as I'm walking out the alarm goes off. And I turned around and look at the grown she goes, ah it's okay. I got you and she just hits the button. And I was like okay. And I even made a joke. There was a couple leaving and they had a baby and I go, I thought maybe you stole the baby and they laughed. And so anyways, I just went home. And then about a week later, I was going to install the faucet. I was going to pay a plummet to do it. My buddy was kind of nowhere. Put that up boy. So I thought, well I'll take it out of the box. So I go to take it out of the box and I realize that she didn't take the little alarm thing off. So there's this little, you know, the little thing that's on there, the anti-theta device. So I cut the box open and then I, as I cut the band off of it, the little thing comes off and it starts to go, beep, beep, beep, beep, beep, beep, beep, beep, beep. Oh god, really loud in my condo. So I'm like holding it in my hand and it's like going off. beep, beep, beep, beep. And I'm like, oh okay. Well that's annoying. So, I was like doing. So I'm like, well, I think I might have to smash this. Ah. Right. I have to smash it because it was very hard plastic. It looks very, very durable. Yeah. Probably water resistant too. Like you couldn't just dump it. Yeah, so don't get or something. Yeah, so actually at first I took a couple water and I dropped it in there. Like you would have bugged. Like if you were bugged or something, you know. Yeah, so we dropped it in the water and it was in the water going. Yeah. Yeah, like the fuck. So I took it back out and it's like, beep, beep, beep. But it says gum like fuck okay. So I go get my hammer. Yeah, I go for a hand. And I put the thing on the counter and I start to hit it. Then I'm like, oh wait, am I going to crack my countertop? There's going to be an easy on the countertop. Yeah. Like, like, go to put it on the floor and I'm like, wait a minute. I got tile on the floor. Yeah. But what do I do with this thing? What do I do with this thing? Yeah. What do I do with this thing? I was just kind of like, kind of shit. It's off. I'm like, this is going to be a while for this battery to die. I have a feeling. Yeah. I thought maybe I'll put it in the microwave. Oh no. It's like, it's like putting in the microwave. I put it in the microwave. That clothes the door and the door. I thought I better only need to do like a couple of seconds. It's so amazing. Before it tells your microwave up, you may. It's in there going beep, beep, beep. I did three seconds. Yeah. I hit start and after like, not even the three seconds, it stopped. You're kidding. And I opened it and it was dead. Right. Worked. That's amazing. I never would have had the balls to do that for fear of blowing my microwave off. Yeah. Yeah. Fire up right. Twenty-sixth store window. I think it could freeze second. Yeah. If you're sick, it's gone. Somebody else is problem. The first floor now. Yeah. I was like, huh? Pretty. I know this. That's my little, I thought that was funny. It was my little. I didn't know what to do. No, that's fantastic. The dogs are all looking at you. Yeah. Well, they're looking at me. It's really annoying. Like, oh yeah. Fire alone. Territory. You don't? Yeah. So, that was fantastic. That was fantastic. I just love because when Ron tells me a story, I watch it happening in my brain. Oh, me too. Me too. You know. It's very key. It's a very key part of any good story is when I am in it. And I'm like, I've, it helps that I've been in this place. So I'm seeing all of these things take place. Why didn't what Emily to come home and go, why is there a smashed tile? Yeah, that's not good. Yeah, this counter's aren't cheap. I've heard. I don't know. Hard can I hit it. What about that question from our list that we had? What are some opinions that you had in bodybuilding, whether it be diet, training, or gear related that have changed? Oh, God, we can do a whole show. Yeah. Why said the gear, man? Earlier. You know, the amount of things that have changed for me are like off the charts. But I'll start with a really easy one that I don't even know if it's a problem anymore. But we used to be really big believers in the late 90s, early 2000s in the type of protein you ate and what time it was. So like when someone would come into the store, and I wasn't robbing him, I truly believe this. It was like, okay, you need a way isolate after you training because it gets in the system really, really fast. But you don't want to drink that with meals because it digest too quickly. And if you eat it noon, it's gone at one. You're not eating until three. You can become catabolic. I mean, this nonsense our heads. So it's like for there, you need a blend where you have the way first, then then the, you know, this and this and this, the egg, the milk protein, all digest slower or oh, before bad, you want to pure casing because it digest slow. We were really caught on all of that. And now I'm like, what kind of protein can you get? Yeah, does it digest okay? Okay. That'll, you know what I mean? Like it. It does it. Just have a bunch of sugar and you shit in it. No, okay, that'll be fine. Let's move forward. But that was something I really believed was important. And we were told it was, but nonsense. Yeah. Yeah. That's a good one. Because we weren't thinking about like the stake rate for meal two, it actually takes eight hours to digest. So those are, those are leaking into your bloodstream all through meal three. And all the way to meal four post workout, you got steak and me knows leaking into your bloodstream. So there is no, there is no period of time where you don't have a me knows in your bloodstream. You know, you might have had way isolate from meal three, but the meal two of me knows are still coming in from the stake. And like it's just, it doesn't work that way. It's, it's, I learned that thinking back to sports two when you were kids. And it was like you got to have a big post at dinner before you had out the door to go to the game. Yeah, yeah. I'm like, oh, shit. Yeah. Yeah. No, maybe you have some post at the night before the game. Exactly. That's encarboded. Yeah. Yeah. And I think we were super, I was super worried about training too far. Too far from a meal. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Like if I, if I was planning to train at three and I ate it, you know, 145 to 2 o'clock, you know, and then I had my hour. And then I was supposed to start training at three. But maybe I got stuck at the bank dealing with something or I had to, you know, go pick something up or, you know, traffic was bad or blah, blah, blah, life gets in the way. And I don't get to get to the gym till four. I would literally think, oh, I can't train. I have an eating for two hours. I've got to like have another meal and then train at five 30. And I would like move my workout. And then, you know, it's me someone to be like, oh, I thought you'd be at the gym at four, but like, oh, yeah, but I missed my, I missed my three o'clock window. So I had to eat again and I went to go home and eat again and then come back in five 30 to train. We used to do that. And I was common that was something like serious bodybuilders did because you're hardcore. And we also don't want to get the opposite, right? Remember, or after you trained, like you'd go shake up your protein shake before your last set. Yeah. And then I set it down and then do your curls and then pop it open and drink it because you're like, why got it? I got to get me. I got to start that recovery. Your your calves were still on fire from your last drop set while you were drinking your shake. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Way to obsess with timing of everything and and now like, and I used to be on my clients about that back in the day, you know, like, well, Okay, well, let's make your meal times like seven and 10 and a noon and I would write the times down and stuff. And now I just say, like, here's your five meals, spread them out. Yep. When you get up before you go to bed, have the other three spread out best you can. I know you got work and family and ship, but just get on them all in there, spread them out. You know, and yeah, way to obsess. Yeah. Yep. Scott. I said the gear thing. So that's definitely one thing, but you know, in the other part of that was realizing just how important training is and how much training can continue to evolve. I think that something that I was caught in and I think a lot of people get caught in is to think that you know everything you need to know about training. And I think one of our best rules would be to recognize that whatever you think you know about training, there is a little bit more that like, and that's because whatever we're doing right now, like whatever is working for us really well right now isn't probably going to continue working for infinity. Like, there's got to be some sort of little change. And I think that maybe I hadn't been open minded enough, you know, because I, I found things that worked and then I latched onto those and I was like, oh, this works really good for me. Well, it's like, this works really good for me. Well, it's like, this works really good for me for now, you know, and one of the problems can be like you get hurt and then you can't do that thing anymore that worked really good for you, but you can do a hundred other things, you know, and and work around it. Sometimes I think I was too closed off from changing from what I thought worked really well and looking for like the next thing that worked really well. So, you know, I think that that's a big place that I got held up at and I still see people get held up with that when they come to work with me and they say like, you know, definitely want to focus on nutrition, but I've got training figured out, you know, it's like, okay, I respect that if you don't want to work on training, I totally get it, it's cool. But I, I just want to be the person who's like, I never have it figured out completely. There's always another step and I haven't figured out what that stuff is yet. Yeah, yeah, I've learned in my retirement from competing, I have learned that hydration is like way more important than what I ate. Like I can literally have egg whites and not eat for four hours and go to the gym and have a really great workout as long as I've had like a few leaders of fluid with some salt and I'm like, you know, drinking some of my nose and I'm like, I've got lots of hydration in me and I might veins are popping on my forearms because I'm hydrated, as long as that's going on. And I've great energy all the time, you know what I mean? I would wait to have sex with, like, well, if I had carbs in the last 90 minutes, right? Yeah, you have a thousand carbs yesterday, where do you think it'll go? They're gone. Yeah, you know, they're not going to disappear. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, you start fresh. No, it is. I think that the majority of the things that we learn is in retrospect that I appreciate that I wish more people would do now is less is more was what I learned across the board. I think you'll last, I don't just mean volume, but I mean just less overanalyzation, less sets, less than worrying. The amount of thought that I put into every little thing and I credit Jose for this, he was the one that on the road, sort of teaching me really basic stuff. I'm trying to be at a phase where I don't want to lose any size, but I'm falling my diet perfect. But I'm not accounting for the fact that I'm on my feet all day and we're not sleeping that well and he's like ordering extra food for me and making me eat it. He's like just eat the fries. And then I would come home down two pounds after eating french fries with two meals a day for nine days and had I been perfectly on my diet. It would have been off or like you said, run the food timing. I tell my clients, I send them their diet and I say to be honest, you don't care when any of this food goes down. I don't care if you move the carb from meals seven to meal three to be a whatever. If you wake up and go to bed and between those two times all of this food goes down in a way that you can digest it and feel good, I don't care. And it's really blown my mind and I actually credit lane for a lot of that because I really dug into him about a decade ago. Why I said, right, really watching his stuff and I learned I unlearned the importance of a lot of the things I used to think that we're so valuable and I tell clients now to go with how they feel because I write their diets and usually my clients their last meal will be heavy and fat. They're like, oh, why is that? And I say, oh, because that's how I personally eat because I sleep better when I have fat before bed. You can move it anywhere you'd like to. It's just how I do it. You know, and he taught me a ton of that lane-norton in my opinion as popular as he is is undercredited with the information. He's brought out and the information that he's changed his mind on. I've learned stuff from him and unlearned stuff from him over the last ten years. Yeah. Another another good one that I learned because of traveling with mutant so much and just kind of being forced to learn it and then the retirement from competing and like loosening up on my rules and then seeing the results and what my body did. You know, I was a type of guy where when I was competing, you know, if we landed somewhere and we went to the hotel, I would hurry to like get an Uber, get to the gym before I closed. Do the most proper chess workout I could possibly do. And then maybe sometimes like I couldn't make it to the gym so I wouldn't train a big wall. I have to do chess tomorrow and all that stuff because the hotel gym just had like a pinloaded life fitness press and dumbbells to 50. So I think well, I can't train chess there. But now I'd be like, I'm just going to go to the hotel gym. I go down and I do the pinloaded machine. I'd figure something out. I do work. I do all my sets on it, maybe do the instead of doing eight sets of chess. I do on four different things. I do eight sets on that press with like different rep ranges and then I'd go hit the dips. Maybe there's a dip bar and that's all there is. And then next day my pecks have been sore. I'd be like, I'd a great chess workout. There's no way anything shrinking. Yeah. I'm fine. Like I'm going to go home this week. I'll look exactly the same. Like you know what I mean? Like I was way too fussy and obviously you don't want to miss workouts. And I would just make things work. Like there's way more flexibility and there's way more room to maneuver inside there instead of like the anxiety of being so rigid about everything. And being upset because you didn't make it to the gym. Why can't train the hotel gym in the gyms clothes? So I guess I'm not trained today. Like I have to make it up and I have to train. You know what I mean? Like all that stress. And now I just roll with it man. Like what do I got? We even designed a couple of times on the road. Remember where we go to it. Because Scott, you know what I mean? You've seen enough that the gym in town is really busy because that's where everyone is. Right. And run now walking with gym. We look around and we're coming in for back or something. And we're like, there's a cable tower over there. You want to do arms today. And we'll do the entire thing. We don't move. Bize tries one piece. Yeah. Everything's just slammed. All right. This will work. And even if somebody needs to work in good. All right. Yeah. You know, it's. Yeah. And it never failed to to work out like Ron said where you're like, where has you right? I mean, why is younger? It would be a problem. Like oh. Yeah. No, it's it's back day. Right. Like my boss in a lake this year. I've got to find a place with that arsenal lake press. Yeah. Yeah. It's pretty cool. Can't train there. Yeah. Yeah. Here's another one that I thought was valuable. There's. I've curious with you guys is what's something that you learned prior to become a competitive body builder that helped you as a body builder and where did you learn it? And I'm thinking like sports, parents, whatever. I have two that come to mind. And the first one is working on the farm. And my my my I don't know if it was my dad saying something to me that Clued it in but like I would often think of it before a lake workout. Like you'd have that anxiety before a lake day. You know what I mean? I like I got legs like and I had this thing I would say I was like, oh, just jump in. Just close your eyes jump in start shoveling. Don't think about it. You'll be done before you know it. And that was like something that kind of came from the farm like there'd be a big job to do like we've got to shovel this grain re out. Yeah. And if you think about how shitty it is and you know like how hot it is in there and how long it's going to take. You'll be miserable if you just just get it over with. And regardless you got to do it. So yeah, it's going to be done. Yeah. It's got to be done. Just get in there. Get going like don't stand around and talk about it and make it worse and how I'm in a hobboat. Well, I'll go in for 10 minutes and you go in for 10 minutes just both you get the fuck in there. Start shoveling get it out. Yeah. And I would often do that all the time like where I'd be faking like which exercise should I start with today. A little hacks are the be they're both going to suck doesn't matter. Just pick one and get in there and just get going and just get dirty and just doesn't matter. It's all the same at the end of the day. You're going to be trash no matter what just get it done. And so that sort of like don't think about how terrible something's going to be. There's lots of shitty jobs you don't want to do. There's lots of days you don't want to train. There's lots of exercises you don't feel like doing. But just get into it and the faster you get going and the faster you get the next thing you know you're on your second working set you're almost done. Yeah. You know like it's just so that's the one thing I got from the farmers just just get going. And then from football. I remember I don't know if it was my coach or someone else saying it to me but it always stuck with me. But one thing you'll learn from playing football, whether you're offence or defense. There's that feeling of chasing somebody down the field. They've got the ball and you're chasing them and if you don't catch them they're going to score. And then there's a feeling of having the ball and running down the field. And if you don't score you're going to lose. And both players get the same experience and it's running for your life. You're running for your life. Nothing exists at that moment. You got an angle on the guy he's going down the sideline and you better pick the right angle because if you get it if you get that math wrong. You don't get him and if you can get that guy and tackle him he doesn't score. And it's running for your life and that's a set absolutely all out like you're you're willing to die running chasing that fucking guy. And he's got the ball and he's going through the same thing. He's willing to die running trying to outrun you. And I think that that's a super valuable experience. And that's one thing that I think sports teaches kids is running for your life. It's a metaphor. There's all sorts of ways they can learn that and all different kinds of sports. But it's like right now in this moment you have to give everything you got. And I think about it all the time. It's like one of the most lingering things I got from high school football was running for your life and it crosses my mind all the time. And I feel bad for people who don't have it. Right. I like that. It's got. I've got two. They both come from my 12 step recovery program. They're two saying. And these things that like that 12 step program. They have like a lot of you know just for today kind of saying that stick with you. One of them is delay the gratification. You know, and that applies to bodybuilding that the other one is an enticing with it is trust the process. If you trust the process you delay the gratification, you know, you're not necessarily going to get the payoff today. But you will get the payoff if you hold on, you know, and part of that is like you've got to spend a lot of time growing muscle before you can cut down and show it off, you know, a lot of people want to get into it. And what they say is like, well, what do you want to do and they tell me, I want to get cut and I want to grow muscle. You know, they want to do both of those things. And you can really like you've got to spend a long time like around you spent years, you know, you competed and then you spent years and years growing muscle before you competed again. You delayed the gratification, you know, so you spend that time delaying the gratification and then you trust the process knowing that you know, you don't have to have it today. You just believe in it and you show up, you know what I mean, trust the process also means like not every workout is going to be your best workout. But you just keep showing up, you just keep doing the thing that needs to be done. Just like you don't always want to go to a meeting. They tell you when you first start going to those meetings that you that you should make 90 meetings and 90 days. And you're coming from a position where you don't go to meetings at all and now they want you to make 90 meetings and 90 days. And if you start getting in the habit of it, it becomes really easy to do it. I did 90 and 90 and then after that I did 90 and then after that I did 90 and 90. I did like every day for the first two years and that includes like Christmas and stuff because I wanted to, you know, and I guess the same thing I think applied then to bodybuilding is even on the days. You don't necessarily want to do it. You just get in there and like you said, Ron, it ties into yours then, you know, you just you just get out. You just pick up a shovel and just start shoveling. Yeah, yeah, like those. I don't know those were any of those are things that's so obvious. So mine, I got really lucky, but so I moved away when I was 16 to play hockey and I'm living on my own. So it's like your hand links from groceries and your handling school and your handling being 16 and so it was early on in the season and I was just off and one of the coaches like it's up with you. And I was like, what do you mean he's like, you're off. You don't seem normal. I was like, well, when I get done with this, I got to leave here. I had to go to the store. I got some homework to do and I listed all these things that I had to get done and he was like, oh, so what do you mean he just, you're here in this moment right now. And you're choosing to waste this moment you're in worrying about the things you cannot do until you leave here anyways, right? And he's like, do you remember when you first started playing hockey and the only thing you thought of all day was getting to the ring to play. And then when you were there, you're so immersed. He's like, do you remember just smelling the ice when you got there and you started kind of walking through all that stuff and I'm like, yeah, you have to get back to that. Like, don't forget how lucky you are to be right here right now for the next 90 minutes doing what you do best by the way, the thing that you moved out of your parents house to do. And you're being pulled down by the shit you don't like to do school and nonsense. And the reason I think that applies to me now is I work with a lot of clients out. I hear that they get to the gym and they're distracted. And now I truly, because I mean, I don't understand that. Like, when I get to the gym, I mean, my car could be on fire in the parking lot. And I'm like, well, I haven't insurance. Move forward. But it's something that I think it affects people both in training bodybuilding and in life, which is they're not in the moment. Ever. Be present. You know, like be present with everything. But with the gym, it's like, listen, I understand you got to get home and you got to do this and you got to do that. And that'll all still be waiting for you when you leave. So if you gave yourself 16 minutes to be here, then be here and like really leave it in the parking lot and find ways. Because I know some people are listening to this going, well, you have it. How you find a way to kind of set your mind up that you're heading to the gym. Example are when we got Nova the new pup. She and like the crate. She broke her way out of two of them. Like, the most two crates. I had to buy like one looks like a jail. But I refused every night. We just went through the routine. And now it's so routine that when we go out, when she has to go the bathroom at night, we have to make sure her crates ready because she runs in full speed to get into the crate and then lays down. So if you don't have her bedding all set up, she's in there and you're like, how do I get out of here? Yeah. And what I mean by that is you can set those kind of things for yourself. What do you do before you like say you go from the office to the gym? Okay. Office is done. Do you listen to music? Do you write out your training program on your log work? What do you do that tells yourself? What about to get to the gym when I get there at the gym time? And then lock into that moment. And I think it's wildly important not just for results, but for like living life. Because you know, the amount, that's the one that I hate about the information age is no one is present. Yeah. In anything, I'm like, why are you on your phone and your car? Why are you in the phone and the gym? Why are you, you know, I mean, we talked about that with my training partners before. I don't give a shit about your life outside of the gym and we're in the gym. Sorry. Can I, can I? Yes. All of you people, people, people. They're hand-watches. I really, really want to implore you. I understand you love your apple watch because it tells you how many steps you took. And it monitors your heart rate and all that stuff. But please, for your own sanity, turn off all of the notifications from your messages. Oh, yeah. Because when I'm talking to you and when the middle of talking and you look at your watch because it just buzzed, I think, oh, this person's not paying any attention. We want to show whatever. I'm just going to shut my fucking mouth and just walk away in mid-sentence. Drives me crazy. And I think of all the messages I get during the day, if all of those buzzed on my wrist. Oh, yeah. I would get nothing done. Nothing done. I can't imagine trying to, I'll just continue to blow you up with. I have to figure out something with ring. Because my ring app is, like, if I, that's the one that I have notifications that will go through. But I have to get in the settings because I also get notifications from other people that are like, Oh, we found a dog. So every day, like twice a day, I get a new dog. I get a picture of a dog. That's like what I get. At least twice a day, I'll get a picture of a dog. I have to figure out how to change that. But that's the only thing that goes through. Just simply put the do not disturb mode on your inner watch. Yeah. Yeah. Just turn it off people. You have enough going on right here. Like, I can't imagine. Hey, with the relief our phones on do not disturb all day. Yeah. And when it be able to bring through to my phone, our Nikki and the girls. Yeah. Because, you know, if you, in my friends now, if you want to get a hold of me, you need to call. Because you'll, I don't like phone calls. So if you bring, so my ghost shit Ron needs me. Yeah. He's ringing. He wants to use words. So, but no, I thought that was, those were, it's, it's fun to me the amount of things that I could list that hockey taught me. It's just amazing. That have applied to bodybuilding and just life in general. I went to throw in something and dusty about what you were saying. Because that, like, I looked at it as mindfulness. That's the way I was taught that idea. And I had my therapist taught me what mindfulness was after I got into recovery. I got a therapist shortly after I got in recovery. I did a lot of really good work with him. For good or a lot of stuff out. And one of the things was figuring out like how to be present. Because I would drive to the gym and get stuck in traffic at 4 p.m. 20 minute drive turns into an hour drive. And I would just be like freaking grip in the wheel. You know what I mean? Right. Can we just fucking move faster? And he, he really pointed out to me. It's like, you know, there's two ways you can deal with that. You can either say, like, hey, I haven't opportunity to turn the air conditioning on. Listen to my podcast and relax because when we're another, it's still going to take the same amount of time. Or you can behave that way. You know, and one of the things he taught me was mindfulness meditation. And so at the time, I thought meditation was like, where you clear your brain. You know, and all that kind of stuff. But he had taught me that mindfulness meditation, it's something you can do for five minutes a day. And you just literally focus on what you're doing right now. So you take that five minutes and you're like, like your coach said to you, like the smell of the ice, he took you there. You know what I mean? It's all the things that make you present. How does, where am I sitting right now? You know, how does the chair feel that I'm sitting on? What are the sounds that I hear? You start, you ask yourself those questions. And literally that's what that type of meditation is. And I found that by practicing it, and sometimes I'll have to get back to it, but practicing it just like five minutes a day helps me to be a lot more present just all the time. Yeah. I'm not perfect at it. Just saying though, I want to throw that out. That's very cool. I'm not perfect at it, you know. I don't think anybody is, but it is amazing when you, when you, when you strive to get better at mindfulness and being present, it is wild how much better life gets. Yeah, you know, like, I feel that half the time I don't post things I would like to on Instagram because they sound so ridiculously cheesy. But it's like simple stuff when you, when you haven't trained for a few days because I had the surgery, right? Walk back to the gym. I was just so excited. I'm like, I get to train again. I'm like, right. That's funny. I've been training for 20 some odd years. I'm like, amp down on my head. And it's not that I don't take time off. I'm not some of the has to go, but I couldn't go for three days. Which made me like very hyper aware of the fact that I was going to go lift weights and it didn't bother me that I could, my knee was an issue or any of these other things. And I have found that since the accident, like my awareness of those tiny little things really makes small moments cool. You know, we've talked about this before to having nothing to gym. We'll be out on the road and, you know, a big group of us are out at dinner and I'll just have like a pause in my head and go, this is awesome. And then I'm right back. But just whereas before it was awesome, but I was in it, but I never like registered like holy shit. You know, we're in Germany with all my friends. Yeah. Yeah. That's pretty cool. You know, hey, I had something I just thought of guys that I want to tell you about. I think you'll appreciate this. I didn't look at it myself up Victoria saw this. We were talking about it. I think it was last night. So now at plastic surgery clinics and the clinics that are doing those empathics, they have people that will coach you on how to do your social media. So this is how it works. Like six months before you get your Brazilian butt lift, you start posting about how you're training and you're doing exercise and you get a gym membership. And then you casually just start posting that you're at the gym. And then like six weeks out and maybe it's like two months. I can't remember the name at the time frame. But then like, you know, six weeks out, you hire a trainer or you say you hire a trainer. You know, when you post some videos and stuff like that. And then you bank a bunch of content so that during the surgery, you can keep posting that content. And then like whatever it is six weeks after the surgery, you do the big reveal. Here's my transformation. They're like they're totally gaming it. Isn't that crazy? Does your surprise me at all? No. I wouldn't have thought of it. Yeah. Right. Like when it crossed my mind, because it's just this bizarre level of fakeness that just doesn't occur to my brain. Like, but yeah, obviously, it's obvious. Of course. Yeah. But let me ask you a second. Because first off, I'm going to just say, I don't give a shit when anyone does with their body at all. Right. So I don't understand if I was, I mean, I guess if I was a guy, I was getting a BBL. And I wanted one. I'd be like, like this. I just bought it. Yeah. You probably posted the surgery. Yeah. I'll bring into the surgery. Like, yeah, I have a flat ass, my whole life. But I had some fat on my midsection. They're pulling out of here. So I'm going to be tighter and I'm putting it back. Like, I don't understand because you're basically wanting to lie. Like, why do you feel shame in that? And I say the same. And I'm going to say this on this channel to the drives me crazy. I despise when fitness people go, just work for it. Well, sweetheart, it's $10,000. They worked for it. And by the way, you're muscular ass does not look the same. They might not want to muscular ass. They might want to fat ass. So that's one of my, like, pet peeves of the fitness industry. Is it's like, just do this. And I'm like, I'm loaded up on gear. Dude, I kind of did the same thing. Let's pipe the front. I don't know. It's crazy. Something about fitness people where we refuse to notice the things that we do that are like the same. Oh, yeah. Yeah. God forbid you get a BBL. Hey, do you know where I get some good SEOs? I'm going to blow up these arms. Yeah. Or I take a lot of gear, but I got from that I'd taken SEO. Yeah. Crazy. I took a whole bunch of heat on SEO because they were someone who was jammed up that I had used a bunch. Because I used to hit my tries all the time with regular shots. Yeah. I tried SEOs, but because I wanted for my biceps, they couldn't, they hurt too bad. And I couldn't train. I was like, I think I'm going to tear a bicep dead lifting with this shit in there. So I couldn't use them. Apparently there was years of discussion on my SEO abuse. And I'm like, oh, if I was using it, I'd just tell you. I had no shame in my game whatsoever. It just didn't work for me. Why would he draw the line there, you know? Yeah. I'm like, but I think he has people live at it. I'm like, oh, no. I wanted it to work. And that's why my biceps were never great. My whole career was like, they wouldn't grow great. And I couldn't play anything in them. So that sucked. Normal people will shame people for like using an ozempick. They'll, they're completely like disqualify you. Because I've seen it. I saw it with somebody I know where their family members were like, Yeah, but you know how he did it, right? You care. You know how he did it, meaning like it didn't really know. You cheated. But they're saying, why do you as a person? What do you give a shit? I think the thought with that is that like, well, once they stop, it's all just going to go back to what it was before. And maybe it will. But I mean, like people shouldn't care. Like, you know, back to what Ron was saying earlier about the people that are around you. I, it's not because I'm better than you. I just don't, I genuinely don't give a shit. What you think about my outfit or my muscles or who I'm with. It's like, if you care about what someone's opinion of how you lost your weight, your problem isn't your weight. You got to figure a shit out. Yeah. Why do you care? You know what I mean? It's a wild thing to me that you teach your kids not to care. But you care? I mean, it's like, it's the same in reverse. I know you guys have done this. I've had some of my go to me. Have you used arrows? Yeah. And they're like, they're stunned. What? Did you ask? I mean, I mean, I, and if you think that that's the only reason that I'm big, That's fine. I won't argue with you. You know, for any guys or girls or fun, this if somebody writes a mean comment on your post for the love of God, don't repost it and then wine about it and show me you don't care. I know that means you do knock it off. It's fine. Like, oh, my favorite comment was when I was competing, somebody said that guy called you a walking chemical factory. It was like, I like that. That means I'm doing something right here. You know, so I look crazy then. Yeah. That's what I saw. It was like that means I look nuts, right? The guy who I bought the stores from, so actually you're like this, Ron, muscle factory. Before his muscle factory was a planet fitness. But years before that in the late 90s, it was a gym called Bovay's gym. And it was like a hardcore body of the gym just like it is now. But my friend that you see, this was after fact, he was telling about old Bovay stories. And you still always say that gym was chemical warfare. That's a great term. And I guess I mean, because I was like a young kid just getting into it. I was like, oh man, he was, oh yeah, everyone there was on something. You know, but, but I do that's that's so comical Scott that it's a people are so worried about doing what they want to do and other people's opinion know that they're willing to lie to display it. Like what? Yeah. That's how that's a lot of work, man. I'd rather just be like, listen, I make a ton of money. I spent 12 grand on the tits 15 on the ass. Oh, go off. Yeah. Right. Here's my only fans. Follow me or not. Exactly. Who cares? Yeah. My husband likes it or he doesn't. I don't give a shit about him either. I think it should be surprised in the filter world, you know? Yeah. That's my favorite thing is the filter is I'm like, yeah, pretty to begin with. Why are we doing that? Yeah. Yeah. Just blew my mind that that was a thing like that they're they're gaming it. You know, it's a hard part of I don't know. I would I would respect them so much if they were also making a grand off of that. I'll look into it. I'll look into it because they're coming back to me about this week. I did a quick search and it out the gate all I get is like all these different companies that will manage my social media for me. So it's going to take a little digging. I think that's fantastic. Gold. I'll never answer. Thanks for ended on that note. Okay. We should end it right there. Yeah. Yeah. I'll tell you where we're going to be. Yeah. We're going to get way to get episode today. Way to get episode. I like that. That was fun. Flu by gentleman. Yes. And if the last five minute crew's still with us, you know, they're here. They're here. Okay. Remember like share subscribe comment and bring the bell. Yes. And remember I am mutant.com. Dusty or big run. Use your codes. Get your ISO surge. Get your all in and everyone should get on the gear. And remember to think big body building Patreon. Keep your producer home. Go to the Patreon. Invest your five dollars a month or whatever you want to pitch into the Patreon. And yeah, keep producing our home. It really is a big help. So thank you guys. Yeah. Awesome. Very happy about it. And I guess we'll see you guys soon. Yeah. Remember it's just body building.