And he was like, you're gonna turn pro, you're gonna turn pro and fans like, okay, whatever. Am I right ahead, Michael Lockett? Yeah, she looks like that. And we're popping up and I look at Alexis, he's some miles, looking Michael Lockett's arm, I'm like, what am I doing here? I'm a pro, I'm a pro, and then, hop it off, John Meadows walks into the pump of room and it gets really quiet. And I'm never forget this. He goes to the corner and I always love John. He was a very big supporter and I was a teenager. He always helped me out as much as he could. And I remember if he goes to pull down his pants and he like kind of booms the whole room. And all you see is his hamstrings and glutes and I'm like, I was really like, holy. I'm like, what am I doing here? And at that point, I'm like, I'll just go up there to do the best I could. And I was already, you know, like, good, I've never just had fun. What's up, guys? Welcome back to Blood Sweating Gear with Coach's Skip Hill. Andrew Barry, I'm Scott McNally and today, we are joined by the one and only dominant Cardone. What's up, brother? How you doing? What's up, guys? Joining you for a second time this time with, was that connection, you said, I'm in the dark, but I'm here. That's all right. You get the mood lighting going. We appreciate it. All of our programming is brought to you by tuneetrition.com. You could use our code, think for additional savings. If you're in the UK, you can check out Strong Sports Nutrition for some great health supplements and health stacks. If you're in Canada, go to supplementsorst.ca. They've got great deals that change week to week. Thank you to everybody who's supporting the program through Patreon. And I'm looking forward to this. I mentioned before, this is our second try, guys. We tried doing this once. This time it's going to work. Everything looks good. Sounds good. But I had already told Dom before, man. I've known who you are, like, literally since you were a kid, and you had a better physique than I ever have in my entire life. Basically, as a child, you know. Thank you for joining us, man. Thank you, guys. Again, like I said before, thank you, guys, a family on. I've been watching your guys show when all your shows got for quite some time. And I haven't been a podcast in a while, so it's really good to be at yours. So this episode, guys, I literally just got back into town. And I'm not prepared. So I'm just basically here to enjoy with everybody else. And Skip and Andrew are going to run this thing. So guys, take it away. Where did he start? I got you. I want to start from the beginning because I've been falling you, Dom. Obviously, I'm in your friends now, but I've been falling you since I saw you win the Eastern's in 2014. And I say this before, but on the East Coast, that's like a right-up passage show. There's Atlantic States, there's Eastern USA. You're in front of Steve, Nigerian front of Steve Antiler. The judging panel's great. It's in a great venue. And Dom was a happen to win that show. How old were you when you went to the show? And even after that, can you tell us, like, what got you into body building? So when I won the Eastern in 2014, that was two weeks before the national, that was 21. That year, I didn't even plan on doing national, which I'll get into. I started body building when I was 15. You know, I was played football in my whole life since I was a kid. I was going to my sophomore year in high school. And I actually told this story briefly on professional muscle the other day and the form I had on the ones in the wild. And they just, the coaches opened up the door to the weight room and just said, like, I had that. And we had no idea what we were doing. But there was leg machines there. It was a leg extension. It was a leg press on kids were squatting. So my first ever workout was legs, which happened to me, my best body part. And I had no idea what I was doing at least I thought. And the next day for the next two days, I couldn't walk. I never worked out. And my mom didn't like that because I couldn't walk to the point where I couldn't go to school. Oh, God. Oh, God. That was something wrong with me. And so then I started researching. So I researching how to put on muscle, how to get stronger. YouTube was just getting popular at the time. And then I see videos of Jay Colon, Ronnie Coleman. And that was it. I said, I wasn't playing football anymore. And I competed in my first show when I was 16. I couldn't find that history. Was that a NPC show or was that like a different organization? Yes. So that was the NPC at the, I don't know if it still is. Excuse me. It was a Steve So Metropolitan's 2010. I was 16. I won the team class. I beat a 19 year old in the overall. And I placed top five in the open light heavy. I believe, and novice light heavy. Did great that show. I was immediately hooked to competing. And it was actually an interview I did with backstage at day for one boat and our explosive time. And I told them my goal was to do team nationals one day. Do you want to keep random on the driven other questions? Yeah. Remember that interview, by the way. I remember that man. And then yeah, by the time you were 21, you had like a legit physique at that point. You weren't like just a 21 year old kid who got lucky. I just wanted to throw that in there. Well, didn't you go to writing the team nationals in the process? So, so 2000, that was 2010, 2000, 11. I did the Eastern. So it was 18 years old. I won the team class. I won the light heavy weight novice. I couldn't have arguably won the novice over. When I placed fifth in the open one every 1000, my DIY marker variant doesn't bunch of guy was a very big class. Did good that show. And then when I was 19, 2012, I did the team nationals. But at that show, I was 205, 206. I won the heavyweight class, but I lost the overall to Cody Montgomery. That's true. I remember that. I didn't lose the overall team nationals. But I wasn't really that prep. I was work on Oscar Auditor, really learned that most of the time we did my body building at that point. I was a comm set major for like five minutes. And I was okay, onto the next goal. I was just happy to be there. And then the next time I competed, like you said, Andrew was the Eastern's. And then 2014 when I was 21, then national's two weeks later. And we all know about the nationals. When you showed up in that crazy condition, I remember talking to, I think it was like meadows, and like a few other people that saw you backstage. And they're like, there's a kid here with just the most sunk in in face. And like we don't really know what he looks like. Because you don't only had what? Three or four or five, maybe amateur shows at that point. So you weren't like a household name quote unquote. And I remember someone telling me, like I just knew that guy's gonna be peeled when he peels it off. In sure enough, the guy's job, I can't remember if it was John or if it was someone, they're like, their job just drops and holy shit. This guy is in crazy condition. What was that prep, like, and were you work with Oscar then? You know what's funny is, I was actually work with Chad and coach for that prep. But what funny is, everybody talking about how they crazy conditioned that show yet, I don't see it in the pictures. But I remember seeing John backstage, I was nervous as hell, I wasn't gonna do mash and was the chair was like, no, you should do it. I didn't wanna do it until it was like 25 or 26. I was like, okay, if you tell me do it, I'll do it. And then I was backstage and then I'll talk about the prep a bit. On my left, I had a Lexus room, we were following each other's prep on Facebook. And he was like, you're gonna turn pro, you're gonna turn pro and fans, okay, whatever. On my right, I had Michael Lockett. She was like, yes, and we're popping up and I look at Lexus, he's some miles looking Mike, Michael Lockett's arm, I'm like, what am I doing here? I'm like, all right, what am I doing? And then hop it off, John Meto walks into the pump of room and it gets really quiet. And then forget this. He goes to the corner and I always love John. He was a very big supporter and I was a teenager. He always helped me out as much as he could. And I remember if he goes to pull down his pants and he like kind of booms the whole room. And all you see is his handstrings and glutes. And I'm like, I was really like holy. What am I doing here? And at that point, I'm like, I'll just go up there and do the best I could. And I was ready, you know, like, whatever, let's just have fun. Yeah, I won't. I won't have winning the class and getting my pro card that day, which was, which was incredible. But the prep was, like I said, I had no intentions of doing national. It was just do-eastern's, try to win-eastern's and then improve for a few years before I even think of going to Nationals. But working with Chad that prep, I mean, it was all pretty damn basic, which was great. And it worked. I do think doing Eastern's two weeks before Nationals worked with my favorite because I came in to Nationals 10 pounds heavier. And he was also there in person, see me car bumping stuff. Yeah. But yeah, I remember when I won the Eastern's, he was usually doing Nationals. And I was like, okay, I mean, you can think so. And it worked out in my favorite. Well, for 21 year old kid, too, I mean, that's a pretty big expense, not to mention how intimidating it is to go to the Nationals. You can go in down. Yeah, I mean, was it down in Miami then that year? Yes, yeah. I mean, so for like, you know, a guy from the New York area, you're like, man, okay, I got to have a plane ticket. Like, this is a big deal. I'm sure like you were intimidated just like, I actually have to travel for a show for the first time. Was that a pretty big deal for you? You know what's funny is actually when I won the Eastern, it was either right before after one of the Eastern's got taken up as an athlete. It wasn't a paid contract or anything or at least they said not until I turned pro with that's another story. But they covered all my fees for the show. So they were like, no, go ahead, do it. So they don't get great. But for me traveling to the show, I wasn't really nervous at all. It was when I'm in any prep. And then we could even talk about my New York prep later on. No matter what prep I did, either was when I worked with my dad doing concrete, where when I was in high school, I always prepared for everything. So having to go to another state, I was like, okay, I have my food with me. What's the worst I could happen? I'm over prepared. And whatever happens happens, you know? And that's another thing too is, you know, even though I did get nervous backstage and nationals, I always put in my mind that all my shows. And I truly did whatever I could and all my preps. And whatever happened happened, that's why it wasn't a percent when I lost to a T national ball. Because I know training with Oscar every session was as hard as I could. And I know I never cheated my diet. I never give it to my cardio. So I was like, okay, maybe I'm just not good enough yet. But one day it will be. So going to national is it was color, right? Let's just see what happens. You know, I went there ready to, I knew I would be at my best, but the rest was out of my control. I got an asshole. I want to jump in really quick. I just before we get too far. I wanted to ask what it was like training with Oscar Arden. Because he is that where you're going? Yeah, because I dreamed of training with Oscar. Now, did you train ever at his house in his home gym that he had set up? Dude, so I've heard stories that like the police had been called because they thought like a murder was going on in Oscar's house when they hear the screaming. His basement was out, put it this way, man, when I put my home gym together in my basement, I thought about Oscar. Like to me, that was a dream gym. He had all the cool equipment was all just stuffed down in there. You literally trained with him. Like you were a kid at the time in that gym. The same gym where like he had great pros at the time coming down to. You know, I have to say Oscar is kind of, we had a fooling out. Okay. Nothing again. I hold nothing against him because if it wasn't for him coming into my life eight weeks out from team nationals, maybe I don't know, maybe wouldn't be here right now talking about, you know, wedding nationals and stuff. That's how much he impacted me when I was a teenager. And yes, I did train like this house and yes, those stories were true. And that gym was maybe three times a size of my office, which isn't big at all. But you had everything in there. And I have, yeah, we actually owned a gym together that never really got off the ground because of COVID. But we aimed to make a bigger version of his gym for our clients back in New York. This is years ago. When you're walking to that gym, there was just a feeling about it. I mean, there was there since the six to nine days. There was you have all of your birth victim Martinez. I mean, the list goes on about the guy you had in the guy. The guy you had in there. So when you went in there, it was like time to get the business and training with him. I, there is no, I don't think there's any coach any trainer on this planet that would push you as hard as that man does. No kidding. That is, and I trained with so many pros, so many guys. I mean, a lot of guys today may have down on and said it was overdoing it. Yeah. But you know what? It was, I can't put it. We're worried how incredible the feeling was. Yes, it may work. You had to make sure you ate for it too. But those leg days, I mean, that doesn't matter how many times you did leg days with Oscar, you had those butterflies going to the feeling because he's going to try to beat you down in some way. But what I had to say as well, as an artist, his training was. And it was the most incredible training I've ever had. He did teach people to listen to your body. You know, how did you wake up today? How do you feel today? I feel like you could mentally handle the training today. So I, a lot of my coaching philosophies really started forming when I met Oscar because his, his training philosophies were basic but brutal, his nutrition were very basic. But he did teach me incredibly about the mental side of things and listening to your body, learning your body and expanding your mind a little bit. And then we've heard Kai go in the ranch. He took it a little bit of a board. But in the properties where he is today because of Oscar, you know. And you know, to this day, I still, and we could talk with the New York pro pepper as well. We're being asked and kind of linked back up together for training. But yeah, if it wasn't for those sessions with Oscar and really teaching me, I mean, I didn't be able before I was pushing to my limits with my dad and Jim. But when me and my dad are training with Oscar together for teenagers, that's when I got to see a side of body, but I'm like, oh, wait, you're sad trained with you guys too? Yeah, so we'll get into how I started coaching my dad out of the 16. I was going to bring that up. I was going to bring that up. Yeah, it was going to bring that up. But I was actually getting ready for teenagers on the George Farrer for a really George Farrer. And to be honest, the attention just wasn't really there. And I tried talking to him about it. And then finally, told him, listen, you know, I called him up. I said, you know, Oscar, because my dad's on a training Oscar weeks before me. Because he was right there, somebody should do so then. And I had the opportunity. And so eight weeks out from teenagers, that's when I started when Oscar he took over everything. And that was it. And me and my dad were training with Oscar together. And we were just, I mean, we were just destroying each other and that, Jim. That's amazing. I just couldn't imagine, you know, because the bond you must have with your dad. Kind of like we had Carlos on recently, you could tell the bond with his dad is great. But the bond you must have with your dad, because I mean, it's just something that goes on said when you you've been in the trenches with a body or a training partner. Yeah, years up years grinding it out, pushing each other to these crazy limits that you just know other people couldn't push you to or couldn't handle. And you did that with your dad. Like that's that's that's really something man. That's that's that's pretty cool to hear to hear. Pretty awesome. Yeah, and that's we've always been really got extra close when he started a body doing it to my first show. And then, you know, we started training together. I coach him for a long period. Coach him through our role he shows that he did. And then obviously if my mom taught we started writing motorcycles and we've done everything together. We fought together. We trained together. Like we, you know, we've done everything. And if it wasn't for him, I wouldn't be in any of the positions on it. You know, that's that's for game short. What was it like, Prepping him? Honestly, I wish every client was like my dad. And I also for the record had no idea what I was doing. I was 16 years old and I first coached a factory and my dad, since it was week after my free first day, a week after my first show, he says, can you make me a diet? I just want to put on some muscles. It said, sure. Two weeks later, he was, I want to start training. You know, okay, a month later he was, I want to compete. This is a month and never bodybuilding in his life. Try to say, okay, he goes, but you had another thing at this conversation because it was at our kitchen counter and I'm going to lift you. He goes, I want you to do it. I want you to prep me. I want you to learn how to be a coach. He was just don't kill me. He was just, I don't know how I didn't do that because his first prep. He was working six to seven days a week doing concrete. He has his own business. He was doing eight to twelve hour days. I had this poor man on three hours a car in a day, zero call for six weeks. I was cutting his water three days out. And then he didn't think he was three-show. He looked in his transformation was incredible. But I couldn't have the time to grasp why he looks so good at the conversation. Like he was like he could have went into a master's qualifying show and sweeped everybody a week after. But my mind is cutting grass to concepts of why can't we driving him into the ground with the diet and cardio and diet, relics and stuff. But that's what started and then I did, I started coaching, you know, part time. For years people started offering money. It was all the guys and then eventually I went full time in 2018. But you know, I'm back tracking. If it wasn't for him having the conversation with me, I wouldn't be coaching people. That's amazing. In the funny when we think back to some of the first moves we made with like our first clients. And like, how we look at it now and be like, oh my god, what was I thinking? Like that's the opposite of what I should have been doing. Yeah. And we were convinced we knew what we were doing too. Like the hunters and you couldn't move me off my position back then. I'm just like this or that. Right. I was definitely over the years like a very like, this is my way that's it. But now I think that even from stuff I could year ago, two years ago. You know, but I really think back to what I did with him. And I was like, Jesus, what was I thinking? I think this I didn't have much miles. I think it was learning on the forums and on lighting from factory and guys in the gym. You know, but you know, he's alive and healthy to this day. Thanks. You know, it wasn't for him that when it sparked everything for me. He has an EGFR of like nine, but outside of that. Listen, he has his blood work looks like he's never taken a steroid or bodybuilding in his life. And even with all the toxic chemicals, he is, you know, inhale and absorb. And there's a doing concrete and stuff like that's just that stuff with genetic. But he has to be a tough guy too. He has to be a tough guy to begin with, man. I mean, if he's a blue collar worker working in concrete, I mean his own business. Like, and then it sounds like that's the life that you were raised in, too. It sounds like that's where your work ethic comes from is from him. Yeah, I mean, he even in those preps with all the work that he was doing. There was never he never complaining once he never asked for food. He never deviated. He never did it due less than a car to get home with you, which was incredible. Even on the day of the show, he comes, I remember the first day he competed. He comes rolling into the room, me and my friend Mike were sleeping in the same room. And you would think the day of the show, but what I think of this man, he would be half fed. He will send me a big smile on his face with food for us. Because you guys already go to the show, folks. Wow, but he had me and my family working since we were like five or six. Yeah. So, you know, that's how he came up. So that's how he raised us, you know. So you're no stranger to doing hard labor than and actually like working for a living, you know. I had to do it my whole life. We didn't have a choice like when they brought home, we were the ones and the, or weekends and sometimes it worked on it with him. If we wanted to buy something, you know, my mom would say, go work with you that. Yeah. We had to learn how to use our hands and if we wanted something we had to earn it unless it was a birthday or Christmas and even then, you know, my whole life I was doing concrete or construction. And that was for most of my life. Yeah. Now, obviously, genetically, we pick up, you know, both the genetic predisposition of both our parents. But usually, we pick up more of one than the other. As an example, I tell my kids all the time if you're ever going to get into bodybuilding, better hope like hell, you have your mom's genetics is not very good. Where if you have to who was more genetically superior, where did you get your structure from your your muscle shape, that sort of thing? So this is the crazy thing. It is my dad had a big waist as a part of life. Even when he started bodybuilding. But his legs are massive even before bodybuilding. Mm-hmm. He has wide shoulders, a big waist, massive, massive legs, very dense back. Very small arms, which he was blessed with. And the final thing I started to go to someone was, but my mom had even when she started training right before she got cancer. And right away, she started changing. She had very small ways. She had really good delts, good arms, good shape. So I kind of had a blend of both of them in a way. And my waist was always very small. But even my brothers, too, which is, you know, my brothers and even my sister. All of them, they'll have massive legs for what they do considering my brothers and me, my sister just trains once in a while. They all have some more ways, the pretty wide shoulders. So it was like a blend of the bowl. But I would say my shape definitely came more for my bonkers. My dad had a very rugged hard, you know, dense look. And mine was always like prettier and have better shape. Touch him. Where do we go from here? Andrew? Well, I mean, you brought up your mom. And I know that you were prepping for the New York pro during that time period that she was unwell. Did you want to talk about that at all? And maybe, you know, did that influence that prep? Did it make it harder for you? Absolutely, you know. So I like to share this story because every time I shared it on a platform, somebody reaches out with some similar story. And so she was diagnosed with leukemia October 6, 2014. That was about a month, month or so before nationals or six weeks, whatever it was. So she was undergoing treatment. And she was up and down for a few years. And then I always said to do my first pro show, made 2016. But six weeks out from the show, she went into a coma because they gave her two months chemotherapy before I had a new bone marrow. And she had this build up and her lungs and ask her joys in, she had to be rushed to the hospital. They put her under. And she was supposed to die the first night. She went and set the shot. A kiddings are failing. She wound up being in a coma for three and a half weeks, until we had to make the decision that she couldn't wake her up in the condition. And she was going to die no matter what. So I remember for that prep I was working with Chris and she used for my diet, I asked for a training me in the gym. We started our prep eight months before. And six weeks out, I was around 250. I was in very good shape. I would have been around 240 on stage. But then well this happened. So during the prep, we basically lived in the ICU. We found a closet where we stored our stuff and I would live in this closet. At times. So Oscar were bringing my meals in the Manhattan, training me. I was 50, I think the gym at Duivost 50, I think the gym in Manhattan. I think it was. So this went off a three and a half week. So every once in a while, one home, my dad would kind of do this shift. Because he wouldn't want to leave her alone with the doctor. So we would stay up in the room. So throughout the prep, it was actually a big learning experience. Because I got to see how true stress and lack of sleep can affect the body. There was so many, it was like, I remember very vividly going for a walk on the hospital. The other night, my stomach was just out to here. That's very abnormal for me, especially in a prep. But I wasn't sleeping. There was weird news every day. Either she was going to get better. Either she was going to die. It was very up and down. Then she went and passing, passing away two and a half weeks on, I believe. And at this point, my body was just doing the way. I should have put it off. But I remember calling my dad and saying, I don't know if I should continue this prep. I just don't know. He said, no, when you finish what you started, your mom would want to finish it. You started. So again, mentally, I don't think I was there 100%. Even though I was still pushing forward, doing what I had to do. I think I had to hit me after the show. But a week out, I was around 226 pounds. I didn't look good at all. What I looked very strong out. My body was very tired looking back. And then I think I was 206 after food and water the day of the show. I'm going to be a mound of 206. Wow, my God, bro. The amount of diuretics I was given and the water cut and the no sodium. I never questioned any of my coaches. It's not a thing. I was doing it. I was told, whatever. But I don't even know how I didn't go to the hospital the night before the show. Because I remember having such severe stomach pain that I felt like I was going to play something with static. Let the night pass, live in Europe, pro. Look, absolutely awful. Yeah, that prep. I had to learn and incredible amount of what to do and what not to do. If it came down to these situations in the level of stress and sleep and whatnot, just even the fundamentals of it. But after that show everything kind of hit me because I was kind of brushing off the death and whatnot. I felt away from bodybuilding for a few years and then two thousand and the two thousand nineteen they said, it's time to come back and shortly after I moved to Vegas. That was a whole thing. But yeah, that whole program went to a mental prep. It was just a disaster. Glad I finished with it because who knows what would have happened after or whatever. But I got to learn a lot that prep. See, two mentioned, you know, you got to train with one of the best training coaches out there and it sounds like probably one of the funnest place to train in our school is basement. We also got to train over the last couple of years and one of the coolest newest gyms out in Vegas. Also about the dragons layer and I know you've probably trained a lot with flags and a lot of it seems like a stopping house for like every good pro who's coming through their weather for the Olympia or a lot of guys who've moved out there. How's that been? I know you're in Florida now, but how was that for that time period? So it was, I mean, when I was at Flexus, a very good friend of mine, you know, a very easy he's become family to me. He's helped me out more ways and I can even say, but when I first moved to Vegas and he was to make my comeback in a bodybuilding, this was before the dragon's later was even the flow. And then he would want to move in there and bring in the gym. We became training partners. He was preparing for his comeback and going to the open. And I was going to come back next year and do the New York pro. But training there, I mean, it was it was incredible. Especially training with him, he reminded me a lot about Oscar and who he because he just goes absolutely nuts in the gym and it was a quick reminder out far away. I was from what I used to do. But being in that gym, it was the thing I had to say to him is, me personally, I like training in a gym alone, just my training partner with my coach. That's why I loved Oscar's gym. Could do whatever he want, not have to think about anybody, not have to talk to anybody. That's what we made a room gym for a short amount of time. So I'm that type of person. But being in Vegas and then eventually a half a brand now from Brazil, another good friend of ours, he was training with us for a while. So, troll the training together, it gave me a good feeling of when I first got back in a body building, that bond with my friends from the New York and I started a body building with. But that gym is absolutely incredible. I tell everybody if you haven't changed the stop by in Vegas, stop by it. However, if it's a limpier time, good luck walking around the gym. Because it's an absolute madhouse. I mean, it looked like an Arnold sports festival in there. But between the machines and the people that train there, it's a very friendly environment. The one thing they don't tolerate is, I'm going to say it's you have people being dickheads. And so that's one thing they don't tolerate there. You know, they try to make it as friendly even the environment's positive for everybody. But if it was a great time training there, you know, I was trying to make my comeback there. That didn't pan out through to some health issues that we can go into if you want. But it was incredible. I don't regret moving to Vegas whatsoever even though my body doesn't anymore. I know Skip, you had been wanting to talk about that, right? The health stuff. Yes, you know, I met you at Titan face to face anyway. And down here in Fort Lauderdale. And it was funny I told the other guys and I'm not trying to seem up sequester anything. But it was kind of funny how you right away within five minutes. I'm like, this guy is quite humble. He's quite personable. He's not the typical. It wasn't when I expected. Let's put it that way. You just were, you were just kind of open friendly and kind of, you know, take it or leave it. Y'all shoot the shit with pretty much anybody. So you spoke about your, and I didn't know about it. I felt bad because I felt like I should have known about it. But you were telling me about the mercury poisoning, you know, you were just finishing up at that time. And I was kind of blown away that story because I had heard about it. But I had always kind of blown it off as I've eaten enough tune in my life. And if there was any mercury poison, I'd be green by now. That kind of shit. But you legit did have to deal with that. And I think the listeners really would like to hear what it was you went through and how you came out of that. I actually remember that conversation. Because yeah, I was finishing up my treatment at that point. Going through that was probably one of the worst things I'd gone through my life. I've gone through a lot in the short period of time. So when I moved to Vegas March 2020 shortly after I started getting some weird stomach issues. I actually entered try to help me for a bit of my issues before I even knew what it was a mercury poisoning because I reached out to him. And I thought it was just stomach issue. I know like, yeah, maybe it could be seagull, maybe it could be this. I was consipated. I had to write diarrhea. I was consipated, distension, stomach pain. And then it started turning with the skin issues. I mean, even I'm not talking to tell even now, this is lying. Even now, it aged my face incredible over here. I started getting these bags into my eyes and these weird breakouts all over. It was very hard for me to put on muscle, which for me is extremely strange that there's never happened in my entire life. No matter what I took, no matter what I ate, I wasn't getting any pumps in the gym. I wasn't growing. I wasn't getting any stronger. I was exhausted all the time. Then it started turning with the mentally issues. The severe depression and suicide with the my focus was all over the place. And memory issues, my speech was becoming affected. And then flex moved to Vegas. I told him about my stomach issues. He recommended it work with his name as well in Pankoids. He's up in Canada. He ran since you know the testing and my mercury is off the charts. It was literally off the chart. And I nobody thought the testing, not even myself. But for years, I was a big sushi year. I would eat any one between two to three times a week, 45th of pieces at a clip when I was bodybuilding. When I moved to Vegas, I was eating two and a half a day, the flavor, two and a pack. I was eating a lot of it. We ran the tests and then I actually got in touch with Jason Hull because I know he had mercury poisoning and that retired him, which I was afraid he was going to happen to me. He gave me a whole run down over the phone on what the doctor looked for, what kind of testing to do. I basically took what he told me to hold his doctor and they did it. So all throughout 2021, I went weekly for intravenous DMPS. I took EVTA pill form. They had an active puncture, oxygen therapy from my blood and I did this from June 2021 to December 2021. And the levels went down to nothing. So throughout the time period, I was very up and down. I didn't feel right, but I was getting better as time progressed. But before that was absolutely horrific. Like just going day to day and just eating a thing at a bump on it, I was trying to find my best to come back. But just going through that, that was absolutely horrible. There had to be like terrifying too, especially before you even knew what what it was, man. Am I going crazy? You know what I mean? Between the mental stuff, the physical stuff. I could only imagine. Well, let me go one deeper because I'm wondering to the time frame that you're having these issues versus your your mom's passing. Did you have these issues after? No, I had zero issues after. So she passed away May 2016. I stopped bodybuilding, I was really training for a while. I was a very on and off. It was August 6, 2019. I said, okay, I gotta come back into bodybuilding. And then March 2020 is when I started, when it's when I moved to Vegas. And the guys you started right before I moved to Vegas. But then when I got there and I tracked back, I was eating enormous amounts of fish. Just almost 14 ounces of meal to an on top of the sushi and that things got worse and got worse and got worse and got worse and got worse. The last thing you're thinking is it's the fish. You know, it's like the last thing you're thinking, you know, at that time at least. Exactly. And that's what I'm thinking. And I'm wondering this. And I maybe just maybe I'm thinking differently than everybody else. But did you maybe think is this what my mom had or do I have the chemis or something? Yeah, it had to. All right. I've had because so another thing too is I still get scared to this. I still have a million problems from the mercury. But yeah, at times, that was like, you know, I was like, it could got to be because this would be a cancer, could this be a yes. Yeah, for me, and I'm going to be honest, I tried taking more steroids. Sure. I tried taking less. I tried eating more. I tried eating less. Nothing was doing anything like weight was just falling off me like I had never seen before. My moods were up and down. I felt weak. And I knew my gear and stuff was good. You know, that wasn't even my shoe. I looked up and down and everything I possibly could. But the skip, it was like some people even said, I think you're thinking, you can much of growing crazy. I was like, oh, I'm not. Oh, my body is something is fucking wrong and then when the testing came out, the mercury was off the charts. But that absolutely liked my body. And that doesn't just not. I'm from what I understand about like heavy metal toxicity. Like it doesn't just leave your body on its own like that. You could eat less tune in. It doesn't matter, right? Like, because that's just going to stay until you actually do something about it. Yeah. I mean, it depends on the metal, but mercury actually led stores in the bones, mercury for the most part stores and tissues and connective tissues in the brain. So Kulishy therapy is a must. That's what I went to a Kulishy therapy basically goes in and pulls an adetissue so you can excrete it out. So here in the United States, they don't really recognize it. So you got to be at a pocket and you got to go to a functional doctor. But yet, if you go to Europe, it's something that the medical system takes our research lately. But yet, here in the United States, so many kids are exposed to the many paints, even in the terror, clothing, mercury and food. I mean, it's all over the place and this country, they don't take it serious. The doctors don't know nothing about it. Unless it's a functional doctor. So you have to go through this treatment to pull this out of your bones because it will cause immune problems over time. There was even a story of a child online who couldn't find the help he needed. He was a teenager I believe, and eventually you want to committing suicide. His documents, his journal online, to raise awareness to mercury poisoning. Yeah. Wow. And then I interject. Yeah. I want to share because me and Dom work together for a little while because I assumed from all the symptoms I thought it was like CBO, like he had a small intestinal bacterial infection or something related to that. So we did a detox and I put him on an elemental plan and just to give you an idea of what the home was doing. He was literally four to five meals a day of just true nutrition weigh and either three to four scoops of maltodexrine per meal and one scoop of MCT powder every meal. So anywhere between like 90 and 120 grams of maltoe, which as you guys know, doesn't, you know, you can do that once or twice in a day, but four to five times a day is this is the length that he was willing to go to to try to like get this thing figured out for that time period and we, I don't want any other. For the time that we did that, I felt great. Well, because you weren't getting any fish, you weren't getting any mercury for that time period. So at least it wasn't getting worse. You weren't having the trillation therapy or anything else that was helping to crease it, but at least you weren't adding to it during that time period. And with what we did initially at that, with some of the supplements we did detox your liver, which probably played a small role in helping get rid of some of that extra mercury. But yeah, like, I'll be honest, I didn't think like, oh, he's got a metal toxicity issue. He's got a mercury, that was the furthest thing from my mind. It was really, I was thinking, okay, he's got a bacterial overgrowth that was caused because your symptoms were like, we're almost like textbook, you know? So, no, it's true. Everybody thought the same thing, nobody would have even doctors, I even went to a gastro, which we know how work was taken to be sometimes. Nobody knew what it was, you know, but for that period of time, they felt pretty good. What would you say, stoniopology? Oh, it's not enough. So, you find out that it's mercury, you start the therapies. Can you refresh me? How long did that process take? And how long did it take before you started feeling better? Like, after your first QLation therapy, we were like, oh, wow, I can tell the difference, or was it something that took a while? So, that's actually a great question because that's something Jason, how warm me on. So, my treatment went from June 2021 to December 2021. Yeah, I want to have to be here. Yeah, it was all year and I went pretty much every week. I skipped maybe two or three weeks because I was traveling. Yeah. But what he told me, he goes, when you get your treatment, you're going to feel as high a raise of energy after you're going to feel like a little bit jittery and jettic, maybe a little bit happy, but it's going to go away. So, when you take that therapy, it's pulling out of the tissues, bringing it out, but you're becoming more exposed to it in a way. So, you're going through these ups and downs, you're your screening it, but you're not excluding all of it. So, whatever it doesn't get your innate and out, or it doesn't come out of your bowels, gets redistributed. So, it can go any of the organs that were the brains. So, there was times I felt damn good, my skin would glow to the brain and then there was other times where I just, I couldn't really function until like the next treatment. It would just be the consistent up and down, but throughout the year it got better and better and better and better. And then once I, you know, the levels with that, they said, you don't need it anymore and I stopped, but it's interesting because I would still like to get tested to this day to see if any more has maybe come out because I still view it some of the symptoms, you know, mentally and my skin and stuff and my immune system. I know it's going to take a while, but throughout the treatment is very up and down, but for a while after I felt great. Let me see. So, you were, you were bodybuilding up into that point, you were going to make a comeback. Obviously, this completely sideline, not only that, but like really life in general, what happened after that, because, you know, you know, you had stopped that, right? So, from June 2020 to December 2020, there was nobody building. I didn't even take TRT most of the time. If I remember the shot was horrible. If I remember the shot, I did. I was primarily focused on just getting healthy and just getting this out of my body. Once I got told it was good to go. Beginning of January last year, 2022, I said, okay, now it's time to come back. And that's what me and Flex really started picking things up again. And things started working, again, you know, I went up to 2009, it wasn't the best looking for the need, but I was getting strong in the gym. But it looked like someone put an air hose in you. Because I saw you the second time. I told them. I'm like, I don't know what it must feel like to look like that one day. And then six months later, it looked like you put an air hose in every one of your muscles. I was blown away. I'm like, well, he certainly is feeling healthier. I was too when I, when we saw each other, both our ladies were doing the class show, Dom, and I did a double take when I saw you there. I'm like, Jesus, because I had only seen a picture of you online or video maybe like maybe months prior. And then to see you in person, I was like, Jesus has guys been trained and eating it again. This is crazy. Yeah. So that it was, I normally put a muscle very quick. But I do get very watery and inflating. It just always was that way. So matter of like a matter of three weeks, I like blew up. And then it just got more and more and more. However, looking back on what I was doing, I really should have slowed things down a bit. And I could have, but it was at let's keep training, let's keep eating more, let's keep taking this stuff. But then, obviously, about me, I came, and I obviously, about me testing. So from January to late May last year, that was it. I knew I was coming back. I was going to keep going. I was going to do the New York Pro this year. But I made a decision last. So, flex retired. I remember I got the call from Flex. Before I saw him in person, he said, listen to you. I want to focus on my family. You know, I worked with my health. This and that could be spoken openly about his stomach issues and having to eat. And, you know, kind of played in my mind. You just seem so relieved. Throughout all last year, I just did something didn't feel right. I didn't, I honestly, I didn't feel healthy. And then it was like, too, I spent all this money all this time, I'm getting his marker out of my body. I'm finally healthy. Was it a sign to stop bodybuilding? That's what I was thinking to myself. So late last May, I said, you know what? This has been great. I put all this size on January 22nd. I took my last progress, January 22nd, or June 23rd. I posted my last progress, no, no, no, water came off. I looked insane. But that's what I was like, that's it for bodybuilding. Let me focus on my clients. He deserves all my time and attention and focus on life. And, but you asked if there's no more competitive bodybuilding for me. Right now, right now. Right now, you're really into boxing, kickboxing, martial arts, like tell us a little bit about that because I see some your videos and I see you. Yeah, hold on. I don't want this to get lost. Any gear you have left over on texture. I did. I did. I did. Kind of. I listen. I hate to break your heart as soon as I made that decision. I gave everything away. I went back all the stuff. I was a test on the hand and right. As soon as that was done, I'm like, I am not going back from this. I don't need any of this stuff. I'm starting fresh because we haven't even seen it. I didn't see their whole or nothing. You know, and then once I made that decision, I'm like, I am done with this. So, keep still as you're going to fit yourself. I didn't think I'm like, no, no, no, no, no, no. Real answer. Did you keep the GH though? Exactly. So that I can't. That I wasn't giving that away. It's just too expensive to give away to somebody, right? I got $6,700 in my hand and I'm not just giving this to anybody. Yeah. I always can see that. I did you. So I came off everything cold turkey for four months. When I started on emotional arts training, which I'll get into. I just stopped everything. I was like, let me just stop. I kept a little GH in and then now I run 100 megs of tests. Like every seven to eight days. And then I used up all the GH and I refused to buy more. So. Yeah. So now once I made that decision, it was actually another thing because of flex. 2021, he brought me to my first UFC fight in Vegas. And I was never a fan of anything but bodybuilding. So I was like, he's like the ultimate fan there is. He's good friends with a lot of pop guys, all the guys that UFC know him. And I remember watching his fight in him's during the time my mercury treatment. And I'm like, damn, this is awesome. I love this stuff. I would love to do this one day. So one day when I'm done bodybuilding, I'm going to do this. But little bit I know that time came way shorter than I planned on it too. So making the decision to leave my competitors goes behind me, focus on my health, focus on my clients and focus on life and my living being close to my family now. I was like, this is, I need to go and something to put this energy into. And I didn't even know if I was going to like you because I had no more shoulder. So I was going to go back to what's the level. So I shot a training in extreme contouring Vegas, which is one of the most, one of the best gyms in the world when it comes to martial arts. I started with your gypsy and then I added in Moitai and then now we have wrestling so I trained your gypsy Moitai wrestling and it's one of the best decisions I've ever made in my life. So some days we trained three and a half hours, some days we trained two hours, we tried to train every day if we could, but it's completely given me a new sense of direction. Like I, has become obsessed with it like I did with body when I was a teenager. I just want to point out that you said you switched martial arts for your health. So a lot of people say to see some people should the same thing and they were like, wait, don't you know about brain damage? Don't you know when you can break or tear things? I'm like, yeah, but you know it's like, you know, with bodybuilding and having the best to have in the prior experience of mercury poisoning, I know it has a massive effect in the heart and brain. Yeah. So we know with steroids and weight gain, this isn't the most ideal and I'm not going to lie to you guys. I was a bit scared. Sure. I was trying to come back after my treatment because it was just sticking my head about what Jason always tell me because he retired because of his mercury poisoning and that's how he started his supplement business and focus on his family. So it was in my head, but you know, it was like, do I not do anything? What do I do something? So I was like, let me do this and I went all in on the on the aminane now. You gotta have some time for people like us. You gotta have something in your life that you love that you focus on. So I think we all totally get it, you know? And that's in terms of health. Yeah, you can risk bringing damage and see her as injury and stuff like that, you know, if you're not careful enough. But the one thing about me is I was always scared of a man. It's just been always in my head for years and it forces you to become a cardiovascular fit. Like you have no choice or you're going to feel like you're drowning. And for most of the quadrilists, you know, I felt like I was drowning. And now I'm going to point right to three and a half hours in a day, four hours in a day, whatever it is. And I can go, well, though, I still get gas now because I'm still having, I'm trying to get my weight down still. But my heart feels just healthy and strong in the summer. Been my entire life. You know, so that's been the cool thing about it is a, a definitely feel like I'm alive again, you know? Well, and you only really get hurt in M.M. if you get hit. So it's still getting hit. Yeah, yeah, yeah, I mean get hit is a lot better at it. Yeah. Yeah. That's the problem too. I like getting hit because it's like, okay, now I've got to adapt to the situation. I've got to come back with something. Yeah. So I'm still learning about taking the extremes down to a different level. You know, but it's been incredible. I've been wondering something like, since the start here. So because you've been around for, you've been around since you were a kid and you've seen basically body building evolve. Like, the days when you started compared to the today, you know, we were all there too. It's very different. And I think you have an interesting perspective because you were so young when you started. And when you see the newer generation of body building and see how much it's evolved, I would love to hear what your thoughts are about not necessarily just the pro level of body building, but body building as like a culture today compared to when you started. Because when you started, it wasn't as like mainstream as it is today. And we didn't have like Instagram like we do now. It was a different place. I'd love to hear your thoughts on that. Yeah. So I mean to some, I may come off like, what's the word? I may come off like, maybe a bit sour. But I have to be honest. I'm very upset with the state of body building to the and how people conduct themselves and on a general basis. So back then, back in New York, I was fortunate to have factors in my first course. My gym was full of body builders, but it was very welcoming. It was like you said it wasn't mainstream body building, but the body building was in it. It would help each other be brought each other up. It was a very conducive and supportive environment going to shows was always entertaining. I mean, you could go to an amateur show back then and I would remember working out so motivated for years these shows. You have guys just that you would see in the national ones competing at these regional shows and trying to get requalified. The national of a show is an even the way the media was back then. You remember Flex Magazine online and Musker Development in the forums. There was no social media like it was great to build up of not only the pros, but even the amateurs and seeing guys come up. And today there's no coverage of anything. You know, almost nothing except for the pros, even the way they do the pros is it isn't even because you have social media. But from the way people back then, I wish it were old school. I wish I was sometimes born in the 90s I were a body building. So I can see how well those guys were. I caught the talent and everything I feel in the way. I was a day late and I was short. But I just feel everybody from not everybody for the most of people trained hard back then. They died in harder. They did that cardio. Everything wasn't so over-complicated and most of the most part, most people didn't. There wasn't really any social media to do it for. There was my space and then Facebook and then eventually Instagram and that changed into what it does today. You know, people trained and dieted and competed to win and because they loved it. That was a thing to everybody loved it. But today people do it to feel like they fit in somewhere, which is that's okay to really eat that. But you know, put your body through such stress and spend all this money. You know, you have to love it. You know, you have to have passion in it. If you're going to put your body through all this stress and risk health issues and whatnot and you want to win, you have to love and have passion for it. And today it's like they kind of just do it for social media and Instagram. Like you say their body building, you know, it sucks to see because it's like, it's, it's not what it was. I always asked this. Like, I don't like ask this people. What am I mind? I kind of asked this when I see certain people or I see Instagram. I'm like, if Instagram were gone today, would you still bodybuild? That's right. And there's a lot of yeses and a lot more knows. And my opinion when I see people online or even in the gyms. I and I agree. And I do think over the years, I was kind of losing that fire a little bit because of insecure. I hate my hate social media. I hate it. If I didn't have my coaching business and I wasn't a bodybuild, I wouldn't have social media. I really wouldn't. I would like to live my own private life and it's a whole thing for me to post an Instagram. But over the last few years, especially coming back and just seeing the way people's mindsets have changed when they took a step back from the industry. And how people were conducting themselves, treating one another and the drama, it was always drama in industry, but it was, you know, in circles. And that was just all out there. It's become like, I don't know, it's kind of become almost as circus in some ways. And I don't know, I just wish that the kids coming up today got to see bodybuilding through my eyes when I was coming up. You know, I got to see that part of training, got to see all the pros in New York, got to see all the old true guys that could tell and because that's what gave me that driver, holy fuck, like those were the guys that gave me that passion, you know, aside from me loving what I was doing. And today, you know, don't really a lot of good examples for people to follow them for what you're eating or within the pros. Well, the reality is that I will say this that by having conversations like this, you are giving people an opportunity to understand that and you can see it just in the way that you carry yourself. Having not known you personally, and this is being our first conversation, I could see that in you and that's why I asked you that question. Oh, thank you Scott, thank you. Let's call it me that. I appreciate it. And the other thing I'm thinking is, you know, you've had a lot of great opportunities through the year, getting to, you know, work with Oscar. I is a kid, you know, and you've met a lot of cool people. You mentioned like your friends with flex, you know, everybody. And there's a reason for that. And that's because of the kind of person that you are, I can tell you, man, you're the kind of person that people want to be friends with. And I think that that goes a long way in life. You know what I'm saying? And I think that if people maybe the newer generation were to have some appreciation for that, that we can maybe swing it back around. So I hope so. I hope that anybody who's younger and newer can listen to this conversation and maybe take something from it and then put and look at what they're putting out into the world. I guess. I don't mean that as a lecture, you know, there were bad things back then as well. But I think there were some really cool things that would be cool to see come back around come full circle. You mean like doing a picture and posting about it? It's like, okay, it's Thursday. It's like great, you know? I would even say as simple as something like people working in. When was maybe you guys have had a different experience. But it's literally like people don't want that's their piece of equipment. And the thought of you working in is so 1985 to them. Really? I need to go back to my, yeah, it's an COVID may have made it worse. I'm going to be wrong because God forbid you're going to get your cookies on it. I understand that. But even before it was the same thing, it's literally like their room and until they're done with it, you're not going to, it's just bizarre. How many more sets in? Or you just get started? A bunch. And I just had to laugh. I'm like, God, damn, you just look at you. Like you're treating me like a piece of, and I didn't treat you like a piece of, for being a nobody in the gym. But you don't want me to work in. There's so many of those little things that are so subtle that you know, when I hear Dom talking about how it was, when you started that's how it was. It was like that in the 80s. When I started it was like that in the 90s and it was like that into the 2000s. And some social media, I don't know, we became a bunch of narcissists. Now it's everybody looking to sconce at everybody like, he's, he's not that big or he's not that, he's not that, he's not, it's just so different. It was always so supportive. And you just, you like took me back with that statement to like 25 years ago, just like that. And it is. It's very, will it come back around? I don't know. You, Scott, you're more optimistic than me. You think that people will listen and they'll be like, oh, maybe we should, I think they're listening. They're going, these four old heads don't know what they're talking about. They need to get with the times. Like other talking about what happened back in the 90s. That's me. That's the pessimist in me. That's the cynic in me. Get off my lawn. Yeah. Did you have some, did you have some rapid fire questions lined up? I do. I have some wrap. I've started doing this with the people who come out and I don't like to give them the heads up because I want to ask you some questions. It's basically the first thing that comes off your head or he comes out on your brain, comes off the top of your head. Some of them are serious. Some of them are not so serious. If you want to pass on one or if you want to pass, that's fine. But sometimes I have questions that when you pass, they're even worse. So it's okay. I'll break in though with the easier ones. Okay. Money is no object. What vehicles in your driveway? A Ferrari. Nice. Anything specific? No. For our school, but just what's going on? I don't know if you know. I'm a very simple person. I'm not even much of a car guy. But since I was a kid, I said one day I would love to have a phone with a little power. Nice. I would love to have a Ferrari. So yeah. If that opportunity is short, same thing money is no object. Dream vacation. To travel the entire world and try food and all different cultures. All nice. Just not fish. I would love to travel the entire world because I love to eat and just try, that was always my thinking vacation. Just try food. Every place I go and I'm just about to travel the world. Nice. Best school lunch. The cafeteria pizza or the cafeteria in Lasagna. It was pizza. Orange and sweet. It was definitely pizza. The $6 slice is that they gave us. Difference between, and this is going to give away whether you have clients in the UK. Difference between Daphne and Daphne. I don't even know if either of those are fair enough. That's it. That's it. That's it. I wouldn't have picked it up without UK clients. I got UK clients. I don't. You know podcasts with UK guy every week. You never heard of it. You need to know. Daphne is skilled. Like you're very skilled with your movements. Daphne is your cellular foolish. You're Daphne. I've heard that one a lot. What's your carry gun? It's a Glock 40C. Good man. Good man. It's a 40C. It's not really a carry gun, but that's what I keep on. Wait. Is it a 23? Is it a 23? Is it a C? So it's compensated? It's a 40C. I know that. I don't know the exact cut and calories of it. But that doesn't have the whole, it has the holes in the top if it's a C. Oh yes. Yes. Yeah. I've got one of those two. Don't show it to Andrew. Don't show it. You'll get us demonetized for King's Real News. Let me work it down if we're going to. I could. I could. Will it take a soul? If you need it to will it take someone's soul? It's on her beat. And I heard you. Yeah. That was my first time. That's a question. How does teacher in high school? Mail or female? What? I don't remember your teacher. I don't know. I don't remember my high school teacher's names. I don't know. Andrew, do you remember your high school teacher's names? Not the name, but I remember what she looked like. She wasn't my teacher. She was a teacher in my class. She taught Spanish. I know, but we were teenagers. So even if they were like smoking out, they're had to be like, they're had to, well, they were like, there was at least one that you think like, okay. I remember the name, but I remember they're being one in high school. There you go. Everybody in the school love. Okay, next next question. Did you bang her? No. Okay, next question. If you did bang her, would you lie about it on a podcast? You lied. Have you been to Sturgis? I have no way, my daughter's a fighting guy. Mickey. Sorry, guys. So no, I have nothing to start this unfortunately. So I actually, when I was trying to come back in a bodybuilding, I stopped writing because I was afraid of getting hurt and putting them on the side line. Again, sure. Now that I'm down here in Florida, I still have my bike. I brought for Vegas. I go out of here. Hopefully, I could take a star just start a ship one day. Fair enough. What's your dream bike? What are you buying first? You have it? It's a two thousand sixteen street ball with the dynamo body on it. So I figured it was. Because the heads we did the cams on it, I still have a lot of people. I go to do one of bad news. You want this? No, I love my bike. Sixty and eight handlers on it. That's what I started with. I have a ton of memories on that bike. I got it. My mom died. I will drag that thing out as long as I possibly can. I don't want any other bike. Even if somebody said, I will buy you the bike, whatever bike you would want. I'm happy with my. You're not a geese or do I kind of guy? I don't think. All right, no, not get at least. Eventually, we'll get there eventually. One of two, you have to pick one. Who do you want to see make it? Melania Trump or Michelle Obama? That's obviously Trump. Yeah. Michelle Obama's pretty. She's pretty good looking too though. Come on now. Anyway, my cheek is still not. You still have to pick two. Diane Feinstein or Nancy Pelosi. I know it's a tough one. That's I'm ending it with that one because it's a hardest one, but you got to pick one. Oh, we'll get it from California. Yeah. Thankfully she's the old man. He's the oldest member of Congress right now. She's like 86 or 85. I guess I'll go with her because. Can you have it? You haven't seen her, but I got to tell you. It's a tough decision either way. I want to be in the scene, honestly. Yeah, it's going to be paying for it. I'm going to pass it that way. I don't want to. I don't have a follow up. I can move for it. All right, that's been our new experience. Get to be coming up with the rapid fire questions. That's all we've got time for. This has been a serious pleasure. It's been great to meet you. I really appreciate you taking all the time to come on. I do have one more question. You've got three dogs. What kind of dogs are they? Mickey and Mickey, I had in 2015. There were rescues. They came from South Texas. They're like a healer dog. Mixed the kind of look like many German shepherds in a way that 30 pounds each. My girlfriends do a climb. Now that me and her lived together, so that's what we're fighting was Mickey and Clyde because they're too males. They're kind of glad it's sometimes. He's a French. It's a weird mix. Yeah. That's all we got time for. If people did want to reach out to you, Dom for coaching, just to follow you with Instagram that we just were talking about. What's the best ways to reach out to you and work and they follow you? My Instagram is IFBB Dom Cardone. It's IFBB DOMCAR DONE or my website, go nutrition.com. Awesome. I'll make sure to have that down in the show notes and guys, if you want to reach out to skip, you can go to teamskip.com, hit up Andrew at bodybarry.com. You can reach out to me, McNally, diets at gmail.com. Thank you guys for hanging with us and watching this. Check out our great sponsors, trinutrition.com. Use our code, think, supplementsource.ca for our Canadians, strong sports nutrition for those of you in the UK. And thank you to everybody from Patreon. We'll be back with a bunch more stuff. And Dom, man, this has been an absolute pleasure. I'm really glad that we got a chance to finally do this. Yeah. Well, thank you guys very much to have me on. It was a great show in my case. And I'll be watching you guys for a while. And it was a great conversation to have. So thank you for having me on. Hell yeah. Guys, we will see you soon.