Hey everybody, welcome to episode 78 of It's Just Body Building. Dusty Han-shan myself coming at you from various locations. Right Dusty? I'm always somewhere. We're gonna have fun and catch up with a bunch of questions from Instagram on It's Just Body Building. So Dusty, I gotta remember to say like share, subscribe, comment and read the bell so we can do the brand. Right on her front this time. I should tell you. Terrible at it. I don't know why I'm so bad at doing that. I must just drive Scott crazy. You know, Tree is trying to help us out and I'm not doing the most basic thing every time. I feel like you're just testing his skills. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Sure that he knows how to edit and slide things forward and I do the same thing. So you're in Jacksonville, Florida today. Yeah, that's just limited day. That's why we pushed a little late here because my flight to everything. But we're filming for Condemnance Weekend and then Labs. We're gonna do my first weekend series. So we already had the grocery store. We already had lunch. So we're gonna do some cooking of course and I guess we might want to see me try who knows. I see an Instagram. I got to give a shout out to our man. You know the deal Ryan Ben Thale from Metro Flex, Jim Marietta, California for just thinking that I needed a couple new Metro Flex shirts and sent him a five new Metro Flex shirts. I already showed it before. Well, because the big letters they add 20 pounds of the size of lost. It's back. So like I should have just, I should just do that and some of you know it's food. Right, right. You want to know what I weighed today, Dusty? Packed out to know. I was 249.9 this morning. So last year, you were under 250. Well, like. So I was 248 and a half before Christmas and then I like accidentally carved up for a whole week and it took like you slipped and fell and carved up for a week. I slipped and fell and gained like 15 pounds of muscle by accident just by eating and and now now I've managed to bikini die at myself back down under 250. Let's point it out to the tip you over a month to lose that bait again because that's much your body wants to be 300. Yeah, it's pretty funny. So what I even went at one point, I even went 14 days between my shots a test. And I took that weekly shot a test. I even just went 14 days because I was like, I got to get lighter. Yes. I love your logic. Throw my hormone level. I got it. Come. You want funny about this though. So I have a lot of bones. I have a long standing. That's with Dante that when I retire, I was like, I told him I'm like, I'm just going to get down to 240. He told me he was listening because he needed to get down for a life insurance. He wanted to get down and wait, he got better rates. And so he was dying. Like, didn't carry loss. I was like, what did he do? He had to come back. Yeah. And he's like, he goes, you know, you're cruising along. And then he said like, Justin Harris would come in the town. They've spent three years together body building eating, training because I'd stepped on the scale on Monday. Now I'm up 25 pounds. Oh, yeah. Because three days can't stop at eight nine ten weeks of work. And it's it's solid. Because he wanted to be that heavy, you know, for decades. He's been pushing up. And it's just so hearing tech. Absolutely put on 15 pounds. I just don't want to get any like death threats. So I'm trying to explain to people why it works. It's funny because what what my thinking was, is you know, I'm, you know, I'm really I really want to get better at my new hobby, you know, and and I figure I all kind of consider 250 like a much safer riding weight than 265. And, you know, the the the week of Christmas, the week of Christmas, I had started eating. And I was technically 260 when I fell in hurt myself. And I was like, I wonder if I would've got hurt if I would've been 250 and ever know never know. So that's what I'm just telling them I'm trying to be 250 now or less. And with top. So here's the problem. I like to lift weights. Yeah, and you don't like to you don't like to lift the training. There's a difference. I like to train. So it would be so easy if I was like not interested in training anymore. Like if I was like, I'm done training. I'm going to go do yoga and ride my bike. That would be easy to lose weight. That's still problem. You know, I'd probably be 240 or 30 or you know, it would just drop down. But just by doing like, you know, some sets to failure. Here we go. You're dropping a you dropping a yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, exactly. You know, whatever you do do not have two scoops of yeah, you're never going to low. I can't take creatine. Why not? I get too big too fast. Right. It's only funny. You can screw. That's why that's ever went. Creatine first came out. People like am I going to get huge on this. It's like, no, it's a long term thing. It's just a, you know, it's a systemic overtime. Making you better and more, you know what I mean? Like, you know how when you explain creatine to someone. And then now at this point in my life, I'm not over to big. They throw it. They throw one scoop in your shake on accent. You're best. I'm getting I take creatine every day because I think it's good for you. And a lot of other ways. Did you know there's some studies here. I am I'm going to say something that is totally possibly false. But I'm going to say it as if I know it's true. I go. I'm pretty sure. No, I'm going to pre I'm preface it by saying I'm pretty sure. And you might remember this study, too, but they have some really good evidence. Now they creatine might be good for long term cognitive health in old people. Like, like reducing your dementia odds and all that stuff. Did you read that, too? Right. Yeah, that was a bit of a go. Yeah. I think what's interesting, I was like most people didn't realize that, you know, like, creatine, you know, like that's what makes it out. If you're like, oh, I can't take it on my way. I hope you're not eating steak. Yeah, because it's technically a protein, you know. Yeah. I got tons of questions, but I want to hear how dusty is doing. You're strong as shit. Is this as strong as you've ever been in your whole life? I think might be. I think it might be like yesterday with one of those days. We took a month, once I got all my new toys, because you know, I had been back to the basics as all I had. So it was just barba, rose, floor, you know, dead stops, whatever. But once we got all new hammer equipment, and I spent like a month just playing on it. And then yesterday, I was like, we got to get back to Rowan. And I realized it, you know, it's funny, because you don't know when you're coming back to the movement. I put four or five on and I was like, you know, I was going to touch it. But you pull like four reps and it's literally nothing. You have a belt and yet you're like, oh, shit. This is going to be a good debt, you know, while you're dead. Well, that's a debt. You're moving good. Things are moving good. And I swear to you, I put it all back on my, my PT is got me healthy. Right. You know, I mean, I'm going in every single week. And it's not cheap. But it is absolutely worth it between that. And, you know, just getting back to eating. It's pretty wacky. I mean, it drives home when you when I already know, but it's funny when you, because I mean, I was eating my goal. What do we already know? Is that that thing about sletty girls? You know, that's always the case. There are things. Oh, no, sorry. I'm not. I'm not. I got to please. Well, but now the wrong side. Wait, never mind. Okay, we'll go back. Um, I got to imagine you find out how simple the food is like, and that's the magic. Because all I did was I went back to eating seven meals a day. It's like, oh, yeah. We're showing. That'll help. But I hate it. So, by the way, I'm going to need more videos on the bike. Oh, do you like that? I do. Because you've got to understand something. I don't want to, I don't want to insult you here. But dare I said you're getting athletic again? Oh, goodness. Well, I got a few moves, you know? I got a few moves. I see when you make a transition, all I can think of is how hard I would fall trying to do that. So, you know what the, you know what the main thing I've discovered about riding the bike is. What's that? I am, every time I go to do a trick and I like come off the bike because I'm, you know, I can't hold my center gravity or whatever. It's always because I relax my core. Like the core, it's all core. I am constantly flexing my abs when I'm on that thing. Like because you have to stay rigid, you know? But it's crazy because the guys look like they're flowing like water, but their cores are like totally locked and they know and every little twist and turn is core muscle pulling and yanking. And so like I'll do a little move and it looks pretty simple and easy. But I'll be like, after where it's in like, my abs are sore today. I rode for three hours last night with those guys. And my, and like my obliques are sore and my rib muscles are kind of sore. And yeah, it's funny. Have we seen someone go or size on a bike? Yeah, they were pretty cool. I showed up there and they were like, oh, hey, like, you know, you know, we're riding bikes, right? So that was the first time I met those guys. So I got invited to jam with these flat landers and they're like legit. Like you see the tricks they were doing? Yeah, so like if I meet a ride on my call, so at first I'm like, well, I don't want to get in your way. And they're like, well, no, no, we just literally need people to ride with like, like, just come down like we don't care how good you are. And I was like, oh, okay, you know, and then he's bugging me to go down last night. And I was like, I haven't been on my bike in a month. Like I was planning on getting back on it today, right? February 1st was my goal. And he's like, oh, what we're going there at 630, you know, show up if you want. And I was like, fuck, I should get down there. So I showed up. And yeah, we got a blast, but yeah, it just was awesome. And it was a funny part was, you know, I don't really like riding in front of people right now because like, you know, I only pull off like one out of two out of ten tricks, right? You know, it's all practice. So I don't really want to ride in front anybody. And they're like, oh, yeah, we're riding it to shipyards. And I didn't really know what that was because it's like in North Van. So I just Google shipyards and it gives me the address and whatever. And I show up. And it's like right in front of Joey's restaurant shipyards, which is like one of the nicest joys in Vancouver. And the shipyard is like this trendy marketplace with all these shops and tap houses and coffee shops. And and there's this like open courtyard area that's just massive and it's covered. So even if it's pouring rain, it's totally dry. And and and at 630 most of the shops close. So they just moved some of the picnic tables out of the way. And we have this big area to ride, but it's right in front of Joey's, which is like constantly packed. Right. There's like a lineup to get in. So we're like riding in front of people the whole night. There's like a lineup of people in the joke. It's exactly opposite of what you've been trying to do. Yeah. So it was actually it's actually, you know, like I think it's, you know, if it was up to me when they're written in front of anybody, but it gets actually good for you. You know what I mean? Sure. It's like, hey, buddy, if you want to do this, so what's going to be, you can always hide away in a perfect little situation where you're in a parking with no, like, you know what I mean? It was sort of like a little snapper reality. So it was like it was it was fun. So you know, it's like you can't train the gym alone forever. Right. No, it's going to be people around. Where you were you a little more successful last night at first. At first I was like, it took me a long time to pull anything off. I probably wrote for an hour before I pulled off single trick. Right. And then all of a sudden I pulled off trick and I was like, oh, okay, I take you break the seal. Right. You know, I'll take your work and really hard to bang a girl and you're not sure if you can bang her and then what you're bang or why? She's like, ah. I'm dead. It's good. We're good. How'm that guy? I need to bang her the next day and the next day. Yeah, I got a roll. It doesn't until later you found it true to support it in time. Yeah. It doesn't matter at that point. You know, hey, Dusty, the only thing I don't want to be is forgotten. So on either. In the spectrum is okay. I don't remember. Yeah. You know what I mean? I'd rather be like, I remember wrong. I fucking think you did. Oh, I was weird. Yeah. What's weird? I better not remembering, right? Like, did I? Oh, wait. You know, you don't want to pass in their friends. Did I? I don't remember that at all. So you got some questions? What? Q's? I do. I've got some questions, which I told you. I didn't really get a lot of time and thankfully the followers jumped in for me anyways. Save my save my day. There we go. Here's a good one. Right off the bat. What's your opinion on fat grips? Oh. So I need to get a hold of the guy from fat grips. Because he messaged me. Maybe someone can help me out. The guy who owns fat, I think is a guy that owns fat grips. He messaged me from his personal account. But I, I, I, I, I thought it. I can't, I thought it was his fat grips messaging me because I, so then I went to message him back. I was like, oh, shit. It was his personal account. I couldn't remember his Instagram thing. And I just wasn't spelling it right. So maybe you can send it to me. But anyways, he sent me a pair of fat grips. Unfortunately, there was a spelling error. They got the T in the L in my name flipped. Ah. Right. So, so it, you know, I appreciate the fat grips. Fucking cool. But I, there was a spelling error. And I was trying to get a hold of him on Instagram. And you know how it is. He got lost in your messages and I thought, oh my God. I thought it was, I thought I was talking to the fat grips account. And I just forgot. And then I just couldn't find the dude again. So maybe someone can help me out there. But I was going to let him know. Thank you for the fat grips. But I was spelling error. Anyways, aside from that, I used them on the easy bar. And yeah, very humbling and quite a miserable experience. Oh, I was going to wrap it. For our pump and pain. So, you know, I see J used them all the time. You know, having fun with them. Boom, boom, boom. So, yeah, I don't know. I don't know. I've only tried them a few times. I wouldn't use them like I see some guys at the gym doing like presses with them. Right. I probably wouldn't do that because I'm just like Mr. Safety now, you know. I wouldn't. Anything that goes because my argument is. And I guess I'm going to think. Well, then. Yeah, I, well, I think there's a lot of people. I know that it's on a curl. I know what it is. You know what I mean. What I do. I don't really get it when it's raxing on my, on my palm. Yeah. That's, that's, that's why I was wondering about the presses, you know. I imagine like, imagine doing rows of them. It'd be really tough. But yeah, I, you know, obviously holding a fatter bar is tougher. I remember the first time I encountered. I'm usually fat dumbbells. And it was. So, I was 19 and I had arrived on the gold coast in Australia. And I went to Arches gym. And Arches gym was like this. I was walking like all the gyms have ever been in my life. It was one of the most memorable places. I walked in there and it was just like 90% use heads. Like. Come on, go work there. Oh, it was just all the Aussie guys. From that area that we're training. And like all the Astros champions were there. The State guys were there. The Navig guys were there. The owner's name was Dave and he was like a national multiple masters natural champion, you know But but you know there were like trophies all along the wall and it was just a it was just a awesome gym But I remember the first time I went to do chess there like day one and I grabbed the fucking dumbbells and like that's where the handles were like that And it took a while for me to get used to the dumbbells at Archers gym and and some of the guys used to say they're like yeah We all have bigger forearm here because he's big fat dumbbells Right, just so so yeah, it's a memory I have of having to get used to big fat dumbbells at at one at one point And then you go to a gym that has like kind of skinnier than usual dumbbells and they're so easy to hold pressing them But I hate that I'm doing it in this levels my hand. We have a couple at Right, like there's your own Yeah, they get it there's pain. I'll usually it's funny, but once I use them a couple times and Tom and you're sitting out because If I need the one tens But there that's the small one I still want to punish right you just skipped because they don't all match Yeah, well, they're smaller and I'm just like they bug me something else gets stronger. I'll do one to one Right, right sense to me my logic is a little skewed Yeah, but I actually appreciate that question because I really really want to get a whole that dude Because lined up for how you can do this dumb. Yeah, yeah, I forgot I had this show I can use You know, you can use me anytime There we go. So I have a question here for you. I Think we could have a little more fun. I'll ask the question and then we can make a world-trikey Yeah, yeah, let's go this go that thoughts on mushrooms in body building. It's talking like zoomers I did it though. I did one trip and it really seemed to help my anxiety While I was on my cycle. I don't know about that part maybe get anxious stuff and stuff I've never really had that but anyways thoughts on mushrooms How many how many times have you done mushrooms dusty? Tons once a month And then my potatoes every day oh Dusty let's hear about So late gentlemen things are starting to make sense now all becoming there's all these little like like like little things I've picked up being friends with dusty where I'm like and now they're all just like coming together like it's starting to like okay Oh, good to the first So you were did you take him like back in the hockey days you guys party didn't took some mushrooms or no? It wasn't that long ago actually it was it was just because anxiety being busy things okay, just start to realize that your focused on Overwhelmed essentially all the time so wait a minute. So this so you're you're actually a part of this you're actually kind of a part of this new like Using mushrooms from some sort of mental Much so I had talked to a friend and she broke down for me. She was like look Here's what you're gonna do You know she was like get three and a half grams and Do half and then she sent me a playlist and she was like go by the pool or literally lay in the dark and just hang out And listen to this playlist and that'll be that so of course as I say okay cool half three and a half is out And really know what that is okay with the three and a half so I took those and You know what it was is truthfully what I can tell you would be on The story I got it might be because of who I am it was it was much bigger than it was for me It wasn't some life changing thing but I definitely realize that I think you know remember you remember the show office space. Oh, yeah, that was me the next day Oh, just realize Didn't really care and what I mean by that not not kidding as far as the show But you kind of realize how much your way over doing So now the micro dosing just knocks off the edge every day I don't even feel my credit. She don't even you don't even know you're doing so what's my credit was to you Why actually buy them they're already capsule right are they like hundred hundred milligrams to the side of it or what are they? Do you know do that? I mean know my guy makes me for it because he knows exactly what I wanted And I just take one a day and it just knocks the edge off and you know it is it sounds funny or like a kidding But it makes sure that the little the little annoyances in likes particularly in a gym They don't bother you right I Got I got a lot more in my life now But once a month I do like to do the full I Have found it every time it's a little more advanced and I'm a little more chilled and next day and I've only ever done them alone Wow interesting okay, yeah, I had a buddy of mine a buddy of mine gave me Just a big handful of psilocybin capses I was gonna say I'll like I give you an exact it's like I took a big handful no no he gave me a handful of caps I don't know how many caps he gave me but I put him in a bottle I think I must have like 20 caps, but he told me they're 250 milligrams So I got a like research I've had some people tell me that like hundreds are better for micro dosing So I'm not sure off the read I I don't have to look so I don't even know like I said I literally don't know my arm, but it seems like just mathematically that 250 you might actually notice yeah, that's what I thought anyways out So the most mushrooms I ever took once with six grams of once oh Yeah, we did yeah, that was uh, so I was cleaning out my freezer once this is like 2008 and it's cleaning out my With so there I was so there I was clean it out my freezer and You know, yeah, I was fine something in the freezer dusty You know You find like a bag you sometimes it's auto pops and sometimes it's my crumbs, you know bag of green beans It's like totally freeze dried like just unedible, you know or or like a bag of fish you bought because you're like I'm an eats and fish like you know, you're not gonna eat and you fish you fucking moron Why'd you buy fish? It's off season and the fish did to the bottom of the freezer So it's down there with fallen other pops It was like yeah, yeah, yeah, there you go and and a bunch of ice cubes that fell out of the tray and and I pull out I pull out this bag and I as soon as I grab it I see all this tin foil in it And I'm like oh my god No way and I opened it up and it's 12 grams of mushrooms and I remembered that my buddy had them it had been easily ten years since I'd taken mushrooms Almost ten years and my buddy had them and he gave them to me and I was like I'm never gonna take these and I put them in my freezer Right and I was like holy fuck so I Call them up and I said remember those mushrooms you gave me like years ago and then I moved and I moved brought them with you I moved yeah, I just you know And I'm like I just found them and he just laughed and I'm like we should boil them up So we boiled them up and we watched two movies. We watched hot tub time machine Great choice that was actually like pretty spectacular. They're pick Great choice yeah, and then we watched a Viking movie called Valhalla That was awesome And yeah, that was quite the night I took I that was when I I had a bit of a rough night because I wanted it to end And You don't really have any control yeah after a few hours I was like okay, I've had enough of this I got enough of this and now you're You're you're committed you're here committed so yeah, that was the last time I did mushrooms and I was I'm never doing them again But then you know, then it's my buddy gave me some some capsules So I don't know we'll see maybe that'd be a weekend. I'll take one and just see what happens It's the right thing to do It's not a drug that's why I do like to drive that home What we do in bodybuilding anyway, so isn't it kind of synergistic? I remember the very first time I took mushrooms was Canada day Like 1998 or something it was like Canada day, you know and everyone's gonna go fireworks and Remember I had one gram of mushrooms and we went to the fireworks arc and I was like awesome You know, you're like just like you know young kid just crazy experience You know watching the fireworks everything's awesome. You're laughing you're eating I had a big box of smarties I mean the big box of smarties big two hundred and sixty pound fucking He'd a big child Yeah, and then we go to the bar that we all worked at we go to the bar that we all worked at and I remember coming in the bar and I was like wow Everything's uphill Like I'm walking across the bar, but it's like uphill like I'm like walking up hill like an incline treadmill I'm like walking uphill like through the bar Everywhere everywhere was uphill and I remember just being fascinated with that and I knew it wasn't actually uphill But it when I was like kind of like wow it seems uphill like I was having this a craziest crazy experience You have a little difference experience every time the first time I did I remember I I So two things and one I was told that I wouldn't be able to function my phone Once they hit she was like you probably want to be able to so of course I was a challenge to me So I would be able to use your phone yeah like texting and yeah So of course I was a challenge because I'm a child so I was like I'm texting like I'm using my phone right now Like damn that this I'm working sorry clients But the other thing was is I just remember when I was just kind of waiting to see what's gonna happen I just started laughing alone remember Psychopath oh yeah, and then you're thinking about it because in the beginning you know you're kind of questioning It's happening. I'm like I don't even know why I'm laughing but then become like the in church lap where you couldn't stop But yourself the dog you're looking at me judging watching what's going on but yeah to answer his question I don't think any of those type of things coincide with a Link I should gather like don't try to make it about body This is its own Right if talking the edge off this helpful for you like it is for me Yeah, there you go interesting I also must say my best mushroom experience dusty was I took them For I took a little bit I can't remember I ate like a big like to have a big rat tail stems, you know And I ate one for the 2001 AC DC stiff upper lip tour show in eminent So we had like a big you know big most full of mushrooms had some chocolate washed it down on the car And in soon as we got in they came on and that was just like wild What a wild show yeah, yeah pretty hard to compete with like your favorite band in Concert with great seats and like you know a gram of mushrooms So I'm gonna have to challenge you a little bit all in hearing his best stories. There's no bad experience Well the last time when I did the hero dose the six grams that's when I was like my stomach was upset Yeah, yeah, yeah, well exactly you know you do stupid things and so don't blame them I think you need give them another chance as well. I'm saying get a shrimp's a chance. Okay Well, that was a good one. I was expecting to do one the show Wait never mind Halloween episode We'll say it now, but we won't mention it again all year and we'll just see if anyone notices on the Halloween episode Okay, you're turned Okay, let's see Ah It vise for new ambassadors on how to help grow within a company and stand out um well I mean Usually with ambassadors. They really want you to just be yourself and be active in show if your personality and I mean, I don't really know how to put that into words, you know I mean, yeah, they want their they want their one post, you know, whatever one post a week in a story Two stories we I don't know whatever the quote is right, you know, they get the social media and It's a give you the thing But then you want to find a way to rise above that like that's the minimum and if you do the minimum If you do the minimum then you're just doing the minimum and like that's not how you get ahead in life Well, how did how did you Catch meetings I to the point where they employed you I was cognizant Wasn't body Had that well I was constantly giving creative input Right So like they'd be doing it they'd say oh, well, you know, we want to do this thing with this thing and I'd go hey, you know what I think would be awesome if we did it this way or that way or we at least had a part of it be like this or maybe we did this or we should all wear this shirt Or you know and you like and then so then that that you know I don't know how to get put that into words that that knows that Let's them know that you actually Product like they're not not not not the product but like the product the Yeah, you know the video You know and I would remember constantly having ideas like mute not an emission was my idea You know I went to Ryan and I was like we should go we're traveling anyways Why don't we just stay in extra day or two and I'll go off and film a gym We'll find a cool gym and we'll just do do the show And and then you know he even asked what were you gonna call it and I said mute non-emission and he was like oh, he shit That's actually really good name Did you come up with that like all of the fly because he's right right there on the fly He said what are you gonna call it and I just I remember I didn't have the name but we had mutant minutes mutant meals and mutant mashups Right and so I just was like while the illiteration is just a natural thing so I just thought I'm the mutant and the monomission so the stone Yeah, you have to you know if you just do your one post and and that's it You know, I mean if you got good ideas tell me a good ideas bring your ideas fuck yeah They might get they might not use any of them But oh That's just how goes at least they know that you're like thinking and trying and you know I don't know is that what do you think No, I think I think you know that's funny. We actually just had this conversation in the car on the way from the airport and That was what Michael said is some of some of his ambassadors will just have a post that hits a chord or You know some of the times the ambassadors put more effort in the math dates on Executing an idea You know what I mean right and with the right company that gets seen and Use so then he turns around and now they're on condemns Payed you know what I mean being shared with some of storage or even even they the post themselves so I think it's you know I think you treat yourself like you're already Won't the athletes and you might become one right right yeah You know what I mean and another thing too While we're at it It's not necessarily always about moving up either It's out The reputation Right as someone who is invested in what they do Nope You know because like yeah, you might be an ambassador and you might have all these great ideas and you might really try and you might not move up But every one of involved everyone who's working with you now knows What you what you're about Right and other doors open for you when that starts to add up and accumulate You know when 10 20 30 40 people in the industry all know that you're hard worker and that you've been able to obligations and that you show up on time And then your name comes up with somebody about some project and someone goes hey He's great I know he used to be with this company and and he was really good and blah, blah, blah, like if that's how it works You know that's just how life is and So it's not always about getting ahead in your current Job or role or situation but you have to build your reputation With everyone around you and your coworkers and your fellow ambassadors and all that stuff That's what I think Okay my turn Yes, sir Okay, um What was the biggest challenge of 2020 in your personal life and your business life Hmm Okay, personal life was actually I had a lease on a condo and I extended the lease until the end of the year Knowing full well I was trying to figure out going to buy a house or what I wanted to Because I've bounced around with I kind of felt like I need buy a house Um So I extended it at least and then I get a call one day From the property management company saying that the owner would like for me to be Hey, Judd I guess Emily's home. Yeah, so Would like uh make me to be out in 30 days Right and I was like that's cute, but I'm not gonna do that Yeah You know um but long story short what it came down to was She was gonna stop by but this hold on for a second Yeah, okay, oh recording the show you can come in okay So I had to go I had to go human on it Because the owner of the place had moved with uh with a boyfriend and it didn't work And that was essentially homeless and staying on someone's couch more or less Trying to start a business back in Arizona should actually left the state Um and so it came down to okay, I want to do the right thing And and help this person out and get out of here sooner So I I started making moves to do that but she tested my patience by almost making it seem like I needed to Right that was that's when I started having a little uh Delem of a between who I am and and what was the nice thing to do So yeah, so that made that very difficult because I had I had both of my little my angel and my devil deciding what we were gonna do so I was able to get out for her Um, I made it a financially strong move for me with all the things I didn't pay and all the things I got back Right, so it worked out in so yeah, that was the that was the toughest actually we could probably not all that someone think and then Business you know it's crazy My business cramped Through all the 2020 Yeah, I and at first load down I got busier If anything my business surprised was that I have some of the most Resilient clients and customers on the planet They just found a way and in some ways even like inspired me when I looked at what they were willing to do To have you find a way to train and I mean I think I told you before like I have the one guy Who actually came up with a bit of using on brellis and says plates. They couldn't get plates And we love the whole story fit well now he's he's he's built out a shed now He's built up cable crossovers. He's built Half raises he has a whole gym That he has now built it from self because you know you can shut down again I mean his shed it's like it's a gym Yeah, it's amazing the majority of what is in there is not purchased equipment You know, so yeah, I done the business side I got lucky man everything Frank and you know it definitely as you know it took some work because now I'm One big change of course for us. I know you went there too as I was like okay, what do you have for equipment? I'm gonna build each single person's training around what they have Right which was right a pain but we got it done how about you? Um You know, I'd say the personal challenge like my life looking back on it I mean obviously the business challenge was COVID-19 a gym Yeah That's it flat out COVID owning exam You know, uh, yeah, you know I mean the business went through a lot this year. It was it was big deal but again The customers the support the the unwavering loyalty of the members Just you know the kind of verified everything that we were doing there, you know You know building a gym not caring about anything really but the gym focusing on the gym floor where the gym equipment is You know like like that's them you know like I've talked about how you know it was kind of COVID was I don't ever want to use a word blessing but COVID was really interesting and that it changed the game and sort of tilted the gym model in our favor at least for a while Like all the big chains that have you know Million dollar bathrooms with giant showers and all the locker room space and all of a sudden They're not allowed to have more than five people in your locker room at a time and you can't use a showers Right so now these gyms have like you know 20,000 or sorry like 2,000 wasted square feet Right, you know Of space that they aren't really able to utilize And they'll have like a giant group room like a you know like Jesus like you know 1500 2000 3000 square foot group room and they can't have yoga classes So it's just wasted space they got like a couple bikini girls posing in there And so guy doing abs in the corner and this the fucking empty room and then everyone's in the gym on the equipment And they can only have so many people so it just shifted the whole notion of capacity and space and layout And for a gym like us that's like okay, we have you know 90% is gym floor 10% is everything else It just kind of tilted it in our favor in it it made us fun. We were able to function And you know so obviously wrestling with you know capacity and you know payroll was a huge this year at the gym Because COVID required you to have more staff like you have to have two people on you can't ever have one person on So while that's how it was you're supposed to have two people on it. I get you know they had this thing for a while where you're supposed to have two people on so You know even if it was like 5 a.m. and we only need one person You know a sudden how double so that was payrolls an issue and like you're like oh geez are coming all these costs And we found out we spend 1500 dollars a month on paper towel now Right Those are things people don't think of so yeah, just like all that stuff it all adds up and it changed the game and the gym industry was very dynamic This year and you had to be able to you had to be able to To like make quick decisions and just go with you like you couldn't you can't waiver you had to make decisions You had to commit and it was interesting as far as the clients go I'm sort of in the same boat as you like I was really really shocked. I You know I like you know you have people that lost their gym and I'd be like well hey, and you know I'll put your payment on hold And they'd be like no, no, I'm gonna get a squat rack. Let's keep going No, like oh okay like awesome. Let's get a rack and sit down. I didn't know where you were at I thought you were like You know a bubble blonde You know just like you're letting no cause you were done. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I just their their commitment was extremely high So yeah, that was all awesome so the business actually turned out good but it was extremely stressful You know lots of stress but but turned out well. It was quite the year and You know on a personal level. I'd say the main challenge personally this year was Managing all the Crazy nonsense bullshit news and Fear mongering and all that stuff. I had to like because it first I was following everything on Twitter And I'm following everything on and I'm like I can't pay attention all this stuff anymore You had all like the election stuff plus yet all the COVID stuff Right And I was like I can't I can't I can't be paying attention because I like to know what's going on I like to have an opinion and informed opinion on stuff relative You know I know that you got to watch two different channels to form an opinion Yeah, anyone who's watching one channel is living in a fucking bubble so I would like watch the crazies on this channel Then I'd watch the fucking lunatics on this channel and I'd go. Okay, and I see what's going on I'd just stop Because I just I started losing my mind at like how they were both lying Yeah, you can do so boy Like yeah, you're both you're both Always taking the least charitable view of your opponent's Statement Yep Like someone will say something and the people on this side take the least charitable view of that statement and interpret it the worst possible way And when the people on this side do we do the same thing to someone on this side least charitable way You know So In the world of social media if you say something like I like orange juice People will jump on their girls so you hate pomegranates Yeah, yeah, that's essentially how So what you're saying is that's like I gave my senior viewers your Peter's since right So what you're saying is no that's not what I'm saying I didn't say it at all and then the very next thing so what you're saying is no again That's not what I actually said like yeah, that was That was the entire year on both sides entire year and and there came a point when I realized that I you know because I like to stay informed and I like to know what's going on and I realized It was it was a good for me And I stopped watching all national news So I literally for months I had no idea what was going on in Canada I only knew what was going on in my very local region for the COVID count So that I could estimate Estimate where the business shutdowns were kind of gonna go like fuck okay We're going up over going down okay. I think we're gonna be okay. You know like I was literally just watching the local COVID count And I know that that number is very largely meaningless because we're don't test a lot of people out in BC and yada yada But at least it's consistently either moving up or down Yeah, it's like a broken scale So you know, it's not the correct number but at least you know where it's trending So that's the only thing I paid in in literally an entire country Canada I paid attention to the COVID count in my local area. That was it And then I deleted my Twitter and I deleted my Facebook app off my phone And The rest of the year was pretty easy after that Yeah, I stopped worrying about it Yeah, and I saw so many people spiral down Into a disastrous mess on Facebook and stuff like that because I'd still check Facebook on my laptop once in a while Then I see these people that are just devoting every minute of their online time to like ranting and raving about politics and COVID and and how like horrible the other side is and You know, I just was like oh man you guys got to turn your face But go spend time with your fucking kids go to the gym like do something else You mustn't be person in the world to hang out with Yeah If you dare yourself in negative, what do you think? Yeah Raisinus hey what's going on guys thanks for watching another podcast here at Think Big Bodybuilding Media And thank you to our great sponsor True Nutrition dot com for making this all possible Trinutrition dot com is owned by Dante Trudeau the creator of DC training You wanted to create a supplement company that offered high quality third party test and supplements at a fair price High quality protein powders just about every type you could think of huge variety of flavors plus health and performance supplements Check them out trinutrition dot com and hey if you use our code advices you directly support our podcast and thanks guys Let's get back to the program Okay, you got one Now we're to the important stuff finally what you favorite deserves wrong My favorite dessert well Like Nice good piece of chocolate cake with some vanilla ice cream you can't beat that that's classic Do we let me rise very good in there just chalk and you could you drizzle some drizzle some strawberry or raspberry on both be good? Okay, yeah, I do like it depends you know the cake is what counts And a real like vanilla bean ice cream too like not the feet you know you don't want the snow white French you know what you want the one the fill black bits in it Yes I'd back that 100% I do Me I mean if I had the name of it dessert It would be carrot cake There's a place and there's a place in Phoenix. Well being excusted the whole thing Mastros and they have one that's Yeah, yeah, yeah crazy like yeah the hero size Yes, I took one home once I didn't really the restaurant's okay to be honest for a five-star place It's mediocre but I've been known to go there just pick up a carrot cake I think a home To one that I picked it up and I weighed it We don't have two pounds Damn and then I realized that That's why it was a love my way I also love lemon rang pie Woo Fucking love lemon pie my mom used to make the best lemon pie. She'd make it from scratch No mix should do the crust yourself and everything but crust is the game. No, that's the key Yeah, you ain't buying store by crust sometimes mad off properly. No, no, no, she's so sad good My my cousin told me the funniest story about my mom it was actually told me at my mom's funeral And my mom's service she told me a funny story about my mom So my mom was quite the cook right and she took a lot of pride and like her just like she made dessert it was like You know she made the crust from scratch You know yeah, yeah, she's like you know really really knows how to make dessert So anyways my my cousin my cousin Jenny always admired her cooking and and Jenny decided to get like a bit brave and make a lemon pie Right and so she like you know called my mom and got the recipe for the lemon pie and my mom gave it to her over the phone and And told her exactly what to do and you know that had done so she she she made it and she sent a photo of it And my mom my mom's reply was It looks pretty good. I see you bought a crust Oh Love it because she thought she thought it was just unspoken that she wasn't gonna make the crust like is her first lemon pie Yeah, she just wanted like the recipe for the filling because it's like a real scratch lemon filling, right? And so my mom said everything and she said when she got the recipe she even like saw the crust recipe She's like oh, I'm not gonna make the crust like no one expects me to make the crust That's a that's like an expert move, right So yeah, I was laughed I thought oh that that's a I hope I have a bit of that sense of humor I just love that she because that's how I would be like oh yeah, that you would do that Oh, that's pretty good. Yeah, I see you see you waste it you ruin the entire thing Why would you put my lemon in that shit box? Yeah, yeah, so that's a dessert That's classic did mine? Yes Okay, are you wearing pants in this photo? Oh, okay, that's not Where are you oh? I put up a shirtless photo with my ask questions. It was just like a close-up shot You're as you just said it's only use I put up a photo of my ask questions you need a An unsaid the cat my ask question. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah But if they have any ask questions feel feel free to fire away You can put in myself an expert I got you the heck to kids So here's one and I this is a good one because I struggled with this my whole life as a body builder I had some problem areas couldn't figure them out What are your go to techniques for trying to fix asymmetries and imbalances We're talking left to right or the whole body yeah, I think you mean left to right and I started take it to mean Visually, yeah, I would assume visually Partial to point because I've I've had interesting things where my smaller bicep is actually stronger hunger than my bigger bicep Those mine which is really fucked up and then I couldn't for the life of me get that the the smaller bicep to fucking catch up But it actually got stronger than the other bicep at one point and it wouldn't grow it's fucking couldn't get it to catch up You know what I mean so yeah frustrating what would you what do you think I'm I whether what what what are the things that might might help? Well, I mean first I mean I know everyone the media is a little more volume on that side Which is fine, but actually what I would be looking at is what's the tissue like Is that tissue tighter does it need to be you know? So now I've got a routine I do with scraping cupping and then needleing cupping when the cup is moving is actually Separating the muscle from all the other tissue in there If you hit a muscle this With a cup you'll know if it's messed up because it literally sounds like gravel Unnie the cup when you're moving you start doing that stuff on the regular it's gonna grow I always compare it to like the old snake and a cage routine it can't grow but as an order go right you know so oftentimes the Smaller side will be tighter I would say that You said first thing you'd look at is a tissue um And I would say right up there with looking at the tissue Based on all my injuries now later in life. I would look at the nerve supply True So you know you yet you know you're look at the so let's say you got a bicep It's smaller Or not you know not getting as pumped or some is just won't grow. I would look at the tissue But I would I would always say okay is there something wrong with my neck and something between my bicep and my neck You got to you got to get you got to look through here. You're you know your radio flexus You got to look through your trap under your shoulder blade you got to like you know Under your pack you got to look at all that stuff see if there's a nerve issue You know because now that I've older older enough had some nerve issues I wonder how early on I might have been able to help if I would have realized it was a nerve issue and not like a tissue injury Because there's a lot of things that you got that new fit, you know what I mean the new beat. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Those machines will find it for you help on the muscles I'm firing You know, so that's a that's a great investment is do pay someone To run through your body on that stuff if some of that stuff they can fix in one section Just wake it up essentially I mean it's like it's like oftentimes people have a muscle that's not firing Loot meat is a pretty common Dorn in muscle Firing of issues across the board that's are coming up We lost them so that one thing will same thing applies to the muscle of the fire You know if the oh connection between the muscle of brain whatever you screwed right Okay, so the drugs always doing There's blood I'm just watching things don't don't mind us No, my not slot they're doing some blood glucose testing over here and goodness What's here? Yeah, I can't find a body building. Oh, you're gonna get me Exactly tomorrow we're we're getting out for some deadlifts that didn't change Back in one day figured to get yeah Did you see my did did you see my One plate banded stiff leg deadlifts I did but Oh, I was just you know stretching the hands out. I was happy. It was happy to be able to do that You know how did feel though true, but you know I see a lot of guys doing the banded Dead's into the banded racks How do you feel so yeah, we yeah, so I haven't been doing stiff leg deadlifts lately obviously The for the past month because I was hurt but my partner Braden that's one of the exercises that I have him focusing on You know because I'm trying to get him huge right So one of the things that he's you know tracking and pushing is his stiff leg deadlift Which is a nice and and he and he got up to 405 he's rapping 405 now I like set a 10 real good reps and And So then he just you know that was during the blast then during the back during the back off I was like hey, you know He he goes instead of going to four plates. I want to see how three plates in a band feels and I was like yeah Fuck, let's do it not so good so that was so he's been doing those for like a month, but I just haven't been joining in Right so The other day he he when you know he's like finishing legs with with stiff legs and I was like I'll just hop in but we'll have to peel plates So I was just feeling it out, but yeah, it feels good. I like that band because I Like to come I like to come up straight and flex my glutes at the top Yeah, everything and That's one of my exercises where I actually want my glutes to do a bunch of the work and The band makes a huge difference because you know if you stand straight up without the band You almost have to lean forward a degree like just yeah Yeah, grab a little more tension with the band is like no worries at all It's like stays on you and the higher you go the more brutal that gets yeah Yeah, yeah, it's pretty good. It's pretty good. So I recommend it. We don't have banded like Platforms like with hooks on them, you know, she's stand on the band, but it's it's actually you know pretty good feel Um, is my turn? Sure Okay, well actually Sure, you seem to have one. Let's do this Actually, there's one wire wire so many people using resistance bands on everything and the when the old school guys didn't So That's actually a good I like that and here's why I like it specifically is I am about a old school base because you can get But I think you're a more on it from shut your brain off You know, I mean things evolved for a reason you know look at look at West Coast when they you know when they started doing chains and then bands and things that no one had ever heard of To get strength I mean West side yeah, West side. What's that? I'm everything's what's close to make it be Yeah, you know, I mean that guys creating things that Why would you do it make no sense we though the guys and guys were strong before that we don't need that Well, then they started dusting everybody and it's like oh yeah, maybe you're on something So I think that as much as I'm you get to use your head You know, I mean I think sometimes like I see some band itself and like what are you Doing that's people that when you're at this level or or you know or like you know You got I went on that rant what time closed doors you about the reverse fan But you can't use a 200 pound reverse fan on that actual I've now just doing the work that's not the point right you know But for example like another thing So I wanted to do the bands and a leg press you know you and I had talked about it It's a great thing I got hurt Because of where it was at I went on to my toe just to hair and then in my calf locked up I'm not talking like late. They thought I tore it Oh, and there was a couple mistakes number one I was in swatches So I was already on my toe Then the band that's heavy is point and I'm very strong so the amount of weight I already had on was a ton But it literally gave me like eight Hisions that change had to get out with knee-ling and it took multiple sessions to get them to like up I literally I literally I racked it and it pulled my pant leg up. I was like it's torn I mean it hurt like that So you gotta use your head but I think they're fantastic tool of you can correctly Just you can't be afraid of trying new stuff. Make sure you're doing it right also you can band incorrectly And hurt yourself a lot Yeah, yeah, yeah For sure. I think people over band stuff Because they don't understand what it's for so There's some stuff that you don't need to band because it's already on a flat strength curve It's like You know what I mean so like the pendulum squat is one the pendulum squats You know easy at the bottom while and eat relatively easy to the right yeah When you're at your weakest and then as you get stronger it loads Right, so it's already banded essentially Yeah, and so when you band it you actually fuck up the strength curve Now you have to take weight off in order to get it up because the band makes it so brutal But now that amount of weight is too easy at the bottom No, so now instead of using and they say three plates where it's like you know you got to push pretty hard to get out of the bottom and then as you get strong You got to push really hard to get to the top It's the you got to go to two plates because of the band The bottom now easy the bottom is easy and the tops just as heavy as the three plates was without the band So you wind up actually Fucking up the strength curve of the exercise by bany it another thing and some people might hate me for this But I see people banding hammer strength machines and The problem the problem with that is a lot of hammer strength machines technically Don't have great strength curves to begin with Right So like for example we have a plate loaded at Lantus press Seated plate loaded flat press And it has a proper strength curve on it so it's really heavy out of the bottom and then as you come up it gets a little lighter So you can lock it out Yeah, and as you come down into the stretch it loads So it's really it's a tough machine right and then it has band pigs on it so that if you want to Flip the curve and make it tougher top it's an option you band it up and now Yeah, it's heavy out of the bottom but then the bands you can band it so it actually gets harder going up if you want to do You have the option of both ways you can have the heavy at the bottom or you can band it enough that it gets heavy at the top Whereas a hammer machine Most hammer chest machines are hard at the top already and easy at the bottom. You think about the hammer in client So the hammer in client's really easy to move a shit ton of weight right here But as you come up it fucking loads like crazy Well if you band that you're doing the same thing you just did to the pendulum you're now fucking up the strength curve So now it's too easy at the bottom and just as hard at the top because you can only you know There's only so much you can do at the top before you just can't do it anymore So you're just replacing plates with bands and now the bottom is easy Yeah, especially we can be overall movement Yeah, whereas if you say let's say you band it a Smith machine That will make sense Right is now you're lighter at the bottom when you're at your weakest and as you come up and hit the lock out now it fucking loads into you know You know that I'm that I'm that I'm not an old school body really all the way because as soon as you say Smith machine I'm squatting in my head I don't really love you like you're so aggressive. Oh yeah, yeah, I always liked it for in clients I was like Smith because doing Yeah, I still do It's a must That's my bit on bands. I love Something right there you're turn your turn Okay, this is too easy for me. I'm gonna you're gonna you're handling this one alone Reverse for eight weeks post show I'm up four and a half pound two months despite various food increases am I playing it to safe? This is a guy or girl guy So he's only gained four pounds post show in two months that sounds like he's Like Was he shredded? I assume so, but I mean if you did the show and you're terribly out of shape then maybe it's not too bad to be only five pounds over State you know because you still had 20 to lose but if he was like in shape and pretty good shape And I'd say there's he's been way too restrictive it's by the sounds of it Who knows he should get a bloodwork check? I don't know. Did you go off you go off gear and there's 20 pounds of muscle? See I I mean I think because this is some that I've covered before it's by when come up on mine I think that the the new world went when When if it fits your macros hit everyone became this there was a fear mongering that your body was just gonna Freak out after show and you're gonna ruin your metabolism You know from being too restrictive and too loose and within a reason horseshit right you know my my thing is you know bluntly assuming he was in shape Yes, you wait too far just because you just spent two months of your off season Let's just say he's doing the exact same show in a year now I'm gonna be nice and say he only needs a 12 week diet All right, so we we're now down five months of 12 and you're up four and a half pounds Right, I'm I mean and you know it's it's this is back to how they all did I mean I remember watching a food show His video when I was just can roll in and he had just called by for the Olympia And the first thing Chad said because they had a certain amount of time was get your weight up Yes now now Get your weight up eat you know what I mean yeah, and I feel like there's too much fear It's a combo of fear of how the body responds and the Internet age that we all need to be pretty all the time Yeah, because for the grand like If you want to put on a pound before your show next year by all means reverse out for six months Yeah, yeah, yeah, you know I don't I don't want my clients up 30 pounds in five days But if they're 250 you want them up 30 pounds in six weeks Yeah, yeah You know yeah, so I know I know I know what you mean when I wait It's like yeah, you gotta get happy again. You gotta get strong again and if you're doing it correctly at that point You're off of everything So you need to use food and rest to start that growth process Yeah, I mean I never rebound hard after a show, but that's still up 10 pounds Yeah, yeah 4 and a half sounds like I mean j's that's that's just enough from like slight dehydration. This is water rebound like it sounds like it hasn't gained any real weight You're still peel your own for it You know Okay, I got one here This would be interesting to talk about we've never talked about this before you and I You and I dusty we've never gone down this road Oh boy, let's go down we got a public live show What are your recommended steps against acne? I assume this is from taking steroids But before going to acutane I mean Simple or all of my answers, I mean one would be Skincare and something simple as When you get done training I get to training and I throw the store and I think of my next meal and I go home and I keep and I check my email I was in blah blah blah blah and I shower If you have an acne problem, shout out for Jim Yeah, you gotta shower as soon as possible Get that shit off of you get that skin out you get that dirty clothes off of you A sap um another thing is food whole all You die you need to be eating quality foods and I'm talking all the way down to process You know I'm out against process foods. It's gotta go to I I think I think if I can interrupt you for a second I think the fast food and fried food and our terrible offenders for acne and Because there's and there's an inflammatory response going on and also simple sugars So exactly what you said your process food but I think it's important to know why and you nailed it you know I mean you have Those things because usually you know, I mean I'm fortunate that I'll never had that issue But but I find that most people do it's it's the nature of our I see our country but I guess our world The the acutane is the first gas Yeah, probably eliminate so much with those three things that you'd be shocked because I'd be willing to bet that Who asked that question is an offender on all the both right also too Figure out if it's just the compound you're on yep Like I knew a guy once he did He did some wind straw and He got horrendous cystic acne Like it was like go to the doctor and like doctor goes what the fuck like that sort of shit And it took him like a year to recover And then like a few years later He just used a little bit of testosterone And had no acne And he like it was like oh and he's like actually having gains and growing and loving it And he's like a campy of an owner of acne and I was like man I just because you know wind straws at DHT derivative And he just wondered if like him just in his body that was just a fucking nightmare and obviously testosterone can Cause that too but obviously in his body Just wasn't a problem and you know so his his his you know wind straw tab a day almost ruined him Where he's like a crazy that too because you think like easy You have to factor into what you just said which is biological I think a lot of people can't like We're in a world where we're so we're so knowledgeable we ignore the obvious yeah, it's a drugger on Had it one thing and everything when side was yeah Yeah, exactly you know that stuff a step one pull that out and acutane You know you you want to avoid taking acutane if you can I mean I know I have one of my best friends had you know high school acne You know and He did acutane and like great 11 or 12 and his skin just was like perfect afterwards and I'll think he never really had a problem after that So it literally like cured him But there's some studies it show like some it can be really rough on you Yeah, so Can be Everything goes back when you said to which is almost everything can be person oppression Yeah, yeah, I showed that I know issues yeah, I had acne I remember the first time I took steroids I I was like oh wow like I broke out on my back I never had like cystic acne, but I had like you know like young guy bodybuilder breakout Sign as shit going on and And then when I noticed I noticed when I died it from my first contest on my acne disappeared Because I was like oh Diet Nope, bingo that's it diet You know and that was it and I just knew after that it was diet related You know and I could only handle so much fast food and I could only you know and if I started picking out too much and eating my garbage I'd start getting the night since it's somebody there are couples. It's on my trap and one of my delt and you know In my my laptop I'm like fuck I'm having burger king three times a week. Let's fucking cut this back You know It also makes a difference too like let's say you eat really healthy and clean like I do And and then you have three junk meals a week That's gonna have far less impact than if you're eating a ton of fucking food And you have three shit meals a week because you just sound much over and above all them you know what I mean You know how dieting kind of cleans you out Oh sure So and being in a calorie surplus doesn't right so okay your turn Will you watch the Super Bowl and who will win? Yes, I will watch the Super Bowl. I will watch it from the front desk at the gym most likely and You know what I I Can't help myself. I'm I'm pulling for Brady I want the box to win yep, I just I Was never a Brady fan I almost wish that I could go back and appreciate and more when he was you know coming up from 2001 and onward You know when in all those Super Bulls and shit and there was a period of time over I was like ah fuck New England whatever was with an England fan right and then I can't remember what year it was was like That's like 2015 or something one of their Super Bulls that they won Where he just won me over that game the way they engineered the final couple drives and came back and not whole playoff They did that a few times in the playoffs. I can't remember what year if there's if I mean they had that's the story of them anyways It's not like it's not really did that but they're just came a point When Brady's ability to find a way to win right just won me over Like I was like I don't even give a fuck like this guy's fucking awesome this guy is like not even that athletic But he's just mind He's he's just better than everyone else. He looks at your defense and he goes oh that's what they're doing Right and he calls his own plays. He'll be like check that him calls him plays for like fucking how many years No, he says that said amount of just saying do what you do you know and then and then you know But else I got it man like remember a couple years ago when they won the Super Bowl Him and Grunk doing those stupid videos Did another one the other the other day the and I it was funny because I forgot about them and didn't they do one like every week when they want a game They do what they're walking Just got that cheesy smile and Grunk doing something stupid in the background and Then the other day I look and Tom got that stupid smile and Grunk pulls the shirt off and That boy's his plan. I just saw you fucking clowns and I just love those guys I know so many people fucking hate them, but I they've just completely won me over I don't a fuck I want to see Brady win another one and and just go down is like one of the all-time Greatest athletes to ever play any sport ever and when people talk about leaders and they say Jordan and You know, Gratsky they They have to say Brady Yeah, but I think you already have to but I mean already have such a bad one when you said sports up thing and well the all-time grids winners Winner it's just what you do You just win you know me because side going to this I think going into the Super Bowl you can't deny that That the cheese shirt better teen oh yeah and and the hone is like yeah I don't I mean that's what's funny is if somebody said to me okay, you know how do you say it's break now? I think the cheese you're gonna win Yeah, you know what I think the opponent actually had to get vantage yeah, well, I mean across the board and he's phenomenal also, but he's also It's got a better team But this is also the same thing. I'm on that deal good thing of like but if anyone could beat him Like you just you know I guess if I was behind I think he is a pretty as exactly who I'd want to come up against though You don't want to beat him Yeah, and if you were like if you were saying okay, we're gonna play him a home for the Super Bowl this weekend Who do you want and you're looking at all the 30 something quarterbacks that can get the job done and all this and then you got this 45 was he 45? Thanks 40 for a 244. I don't know Yeah, well, I will say 43 will split the difference You got this 43 year old dude who's not even that athletic and doesn't really have foot speed He's not running and Isn't he had a couple surgeries by now? Oh God, dude. I don't know. I would still pick him I'd be like that's the guy. We're gonna pick to try to win this game Because it's not even about your arm or your foot speed or anything. It's about like Okay, who can handle the pressure who can handle the heat Proveen themselves to be the type of person that thrives in Unwinable situations that's that's a characteristic in people that is so hard to find and so rare people that face absolutely unwindable situations and Repeatedly find a way to come out on top. I saw I saw a meme the other day it had bellot check and it's yeah Now the world knows that Brady was the system Oh, you got a system here in New England It's called he's the quarterback Yeah, just I was just looking it's funny like he was drafted 190 nights so I heard something really great about Brady. I can't remember who said it But he was drafted in the sixth round and Is 199 and they said what do you think makes Tom Brady? So great and what what makes why why do you think he continues to Want to win so badly And said it's easy Tom was drafted in the sixth round and to this day every single morning he gets out of bed It fucking pisses him off He's had a chip on his shoulder For 20 years that he was drafted in the sixth round And he's dusting people This time it's no piss. It's about I Could actually see that for sure. I thought that was awesome Okay Is that your question? It was mine I think we've had no anymore Yeah, I like that we get we get hooked on it I got I want to hear bad boys bad boys one more time with the I want to see them walking across the turf I walk in across the you know the parking lot with ground cold knit Brady smile in I want one You know what I mean Um Do you ever go camping dusty? Glamping yes Glamping yeah, he's ever gone ever ever ever you ever go camping as a body builder What do you do with your food but you go glamping Yeah, that is right Well, it's where you like stay in a hotel by the park It's the it's actually a thing you can like go on Airbnb and look up the camping locations and so you've got this Glorious outdoor thing but you're hanging on the middle and oh house Right that's more my style Okay, you know Yeah, it's like I had to be say like oh, you know how those how those tires you know how are they off road? Oh my truck and what fuck what I know I don't like there's dust on my car Right I was I would Like more Okay, there you go so do you need to take the supplies to cook s'mores on the open fire pit in the backyard in the million dollar house No, because he was the thing if you go to Vegas nine state house brings you fired at the table and You can have s'mores at a five star restaurant they actually bring you five this camping That's off off the rails We've established who I am thoroughly on this camping. Yes. Yes. Yes. How do you prep for camping? Well make sure you shave your nuts Sure, I'm changing got me nice and trimmed up ahead of time um Now I haven't gone camping in a long long time but my limit Would be camping where there are shower facilities right there like that would hear them You're not willing to do like the river shower? Yeah, no, no, I'm not doing that sort of thing It's like I want a shower. I want like a little getaway in the morning where life is normal and then I can go sit by the fire and pretend I'm Camping even though the city's just like ten minutes out wait Well, yeah, I mean I'm happy to pee in my campsite routinely but when it's dump time I want facility or at least a motor home I do a motor home motor home would be awesome Sorry, but you're up You just edge you have all the sudden we're in brown and dainus Right now we The little mini house it opens on the side You roll out the artificial turf sleep Okay, so the answer to your question. There is no my lowest camp The answer to your question is uh take eggs and stakes and burgers and a skillet and Enjoy some good old fashioned fire cooked food if that's what you're doing temperature sure well you need to worry about us. Are you gonna see your food going bad? That's it. Yeah Just I mean you gotta be sure you got coolers or you got a fridge in the motor home or something It's figured out and don't be like I mean come on now if you're on camping like come on like you know Have to camp your yeah your camping like take a couple days they just eat eat a lot and just enjoy your stuff Please do not be wondering I'll try to see drink some beers fucking the tent do your thing Take a lot of baby wipes Yes Nice You know I know what you mean and I absolutely do But let's just go this is more of a statement But I'm gonna just say it and we're in move on this guy made my steak and Mac and she's dinner for the lady the other night And he said she took the old defer ride She took the what? Defer ride afterwards so I basically helped him right on I had a friend of mine send me a picture of pink Oh In her that aircraft dinner and they say you think dusty would eat this with his steak I don't back at it all I don't even know what they were thinking They didn't even call me ahead and ask if that was okay. It's not so what did they do again? Is it a Valentine's day special edition and made it's a weird flavor at some sweet No, really it's a different flavor. I just thought it was pink No, it actually is some garbage tasting sweet macaroning cheese Damn Okay, oh I'm almost for both of us, but you can have a bad department first house unsure if I should continue my coat or not to save the money Well, I mean do they need a coach? What's their situation Little little complicated. That's why I was just toss it to you. I mean you need the coach. Do you need the money like what's your situation like Is your house payment a breeze to make and you're gonna compete soon and you're like your coach or is the coach just like a Ferviless thing that you're doing even though you're you know not really that serious and it's fun to have and everything But now the bills are really tight and your girlfriend's fighting with you like I don't know which is situation Think you got to decide what you're gonna spend your money on you know, that's why that's why you always ask your clients Can you afford this Yeah, I last people if they reach out and they're college student and they're saying hey, I'm gonna say if I said before you hire me You gotta make sure you have the money to buy the food right and everything else so if you can't do that when hiring me at all because I'm gonna be a waste of your money You need to be a league, you know Okay, here's one here's one top three pieces of life advice For 20 year olds You're not ready to be married don't move her in and Hmm Let's see, let's the last one Make sure that the pans are somewhere she can't reach and when you get an argument Okay Not ready to get you're not ready to get married don't move her in and remove weapons from her near reach Yes, oh, that's not that that's not bad. I like those three. I like those three I'm I'm gonna go a little deeper How do you do? I'm gonna say Make sure I don't care how much it is even if it's fucking $50 a month Make sure you're investing your money into something start now start yesterday I don't care if it's a mutual fund. I don't care if it's a piggy bank I don't like Do something with your money don't just don't Just not save Right You know what I mean find something to invest your money into Fuck put $50 a month into Bitcoin for Christ's sake do something with it Don't just not invest Because the years go by and every year that goes by now if you understand compound interest When you're my age when you're 45 years old you're gonna look at the amount of money that you have and your mutuals and You're this and you're that and you're gonna go Fuck my every cloud I started when I was 21 holy shit. I can't imagine if I had to start it Because that's just that emergency shit, right like you know things get bad There's that emergency there and you realize it adds up makes a big difference over time even if you don't invest much monthly You want a fun fact You want that on that subject real quick. I had I just learned to see the day you have you make one additional payment on your house Every year you'll not six years off of the total in your 30 year long yep Good Yeah, one one One extra that's how interest works. Yeah, it's crazy. I know I got it just I I like to select one of my things the frivolous like I like to do I just have all the payments to Get rid of them and I was having a conversation and I have my friend mode It's all similar to house. I just want extra payment. I was like oh, we're not paying you and not six years off. I was like Yeah There's been a couple times now where like at the end of the year I think I can put like 15 or 20 grand down without any penalty or whatever just like throw it on there, you know and I think I've done 10 a couple times Where I had it. I was like, you know, I'm just gonna throw this down on my mortgage And you know, it's yeah, it's a good to get a good idea I mean you just throw a few payments on there because you know you have to do just one you can do two or three like you can give five grand if I brand it The end of the year it makes a huge difference in 20 years Yeah, just why I think that's you're talking about If you did that over the course of a year in your brain, you know for most people let's say they're more just two grand. It's nothing Yeah, it adds up a lot Don't go to start Yeah, remember remember Elon Musk has just you know his 38 billion or whatever is just not buying 340 latte 340 million lattes remember that that mean whatever So so say try to save somebody do something with your money in best a few bucks Secondly, don't give up on your passion Don't Stop doing the stuff you love so that you can do the your nine to five office job that your parents tell you you're supposed to just invest all your Life into and and start acting like an adult Because if you do that you won't be 45 years old still working out at the gym every day and writing a BMX bike I'm actually not like that's anything you want to be doing no don't sell out your passions invest your money Don't sell out your passions and the third most important thing don't come in the front hole Which goes more online with what I would say Finally you're on the same page with me you went all this deep stop was confusing me Solid it like so I give you that I give you that Is this this your yeah, it's your turn Oh This is good this is just one it says not a question just one of the thank you guys for making me maximum results with minimum Animal X oh Did he DM you that No, just a question. Okay, because I had like a very similar DM I'm wondering if it's the same person Probably yeah, I do love seeing like that's a very common thing you might be getting these days Yeah, I love what I read that and my very next one I'm thinking about reading is Don't should take of this Okay, it is good one it's a good one because it matters the stage if you wanted to grow your fitness Instagram how would you go about doing it? You want to grow your Instagram? Yeah, but like fitness like not just to be cool Oh, Jesus not like I'm an expert. I know a bunch of stuff I'm supposed to be doing I see I do it's not that important you Yeah, but if they did it what did you say? Well, I mean you got a I think the key is engagement you can't just post you have to engage You know you have to be like answering comments responding to DMs You I know all the little stuff you're supposed to do like you're not just supposed to put up a post But then you're supposed to ask them a question right like you know Let's put up a post and you go how many people are trying to legs today and then you know all those people like there's all those All those statistical like those things that actually make a numbers difference, you know Right that I don't necessarily do because I don't want it to feel like I'm just trying to do that. I don't know what terrible with that shit, that's to you but But yeah, I engagement being yourself I don't know these are things I would do Not bombing people with too much stuff like there's a limit you know It has to be that happy medium you have to offer them some value You know you can't just not offer value like you know you see so many people like I don't pick Anyone out of a crowd of a crowd of whatever there's just millions of people doing it, but they're just kind of Post how great they are But it doesn't provide me value and it doesn't really help anyone with anything and you know that sort of stuff So right there is I think providing value is the biggest thing You have to provide some value and I have to plug my computer in well What are you going to make You're going to make Almost done and we'll crank I just like to write them a little bit by guest or top, you guys Totally normal like one second actually like one of these and You got it there we go Because we were late recording today dusty I let my computer sit on for a while and I missed time to my battery charge You know how worked well someone really blinds at it. I just calling you like I believe we were starting I was like oh well we were actually like 20 minutes late and I was like where's dusty and me and scarter sitting here and then I get a call from you like I just got off a plane That's not gonna work is it that's not so here's a here's a question dusty this was in my DMs But this is this guy's a good guy so I'm a reply to him name's Jerry I have a lot of people ask me this because you know you and I talk about rest dates Right and we talk about the importance of rest days He goes would you still go to the gym on your rest day for cardio? Maybe do calves do abs do forearms you know You're trying to do them not rest there Right so my definition of a rest day is No weight training at all I agree Right because if you're prepping you still got cardio or you might have cardio for your just offseason fitness or Whatever cardio is fine. I mean cardio is just life like What you can't walk around today? Because if you're just you know cardio cardio doesn't count cardio goes wherever you got to put it to get it done That's I tell everybody do your cardio all questions about when and if and how All boil down to did you do it a million percent of them Like all I give a fuck about yes, there's a better time than there's a worse there's you know But the above above above above did you do it did you do your cardio? That's all I care about but rest days Our food rest is no lifting weights and the reason I say that is because you're trying to give your it's systemic rest like you're You're trying to rest your nervous system rest your mind Rest your joints rest your spine rest everything You know rest your ankle joints for being loaded you know and you don't do 800 pound calf raises on your day off I think oftentimes what what people realize the reason they want to do all that is It's kind of really about being better bodybuilders. It's because they have a two hour hole in the day That they don't know what to do with that's very common You know because I know that was how is so my thing is is find something It might be an unbodybuilding related to do with your time yes Educate hobby something because I have found you know one thing early on in my career Suppose they helped me with this time was I was an obsessive bodybuilder Everything was way everything was measured everything was the same the same the same And he was like you got to remove that stick when you're asked It's off-season. Yeah, sure you can eat your food But you might want some extra sometimes and you might want to do this and I found that if I got away from bodybuilding a little bit still eat my food that's just living I got better and when I was in the gym it was better Yes, the day off and I also think if you want to train every day in some way you're probably not changing hard enough That's a true I don't want to go to the gym on my own No, I'm like I don't even want to think about that place, but guess what after that's 24 hours. I'm ready That's exactly the number one thing if you feel like lifting weights on your rest day Hmm like you know that's why like the day after legs I typically don't train Yeah Because I literally just don't even fucking want to yeah, and I never really have like Like I just wanted to grow and I want my fucking sore legs to recover and I will all fuck and my I feel like I got hit by a car and You know and there's a bit of kind of a haze like I took like a real long acting edible It's a sort of like yeah Like I remember those those leg days those those like when I was you know Size up and kill myself in the gym like I spent I tell me I spent 25 years with really sore legs Every week every fucking week and You know, so that was just how I was just my opinion the only thing I do after legs is I used to have arm day sometimes You know and but yeah, but you should want time off weights I think and you need the rest and that's when you're growing That's the magic For sure, you sit around to get bigger that day Hey Okay, let's do one more dusty and then I got a shoe like was I got a get to I got a shoot literally. It's funny you said that A few fun something really good jump that wanted to get finished with a good one Finish with a good one. It's like a real strong one supposed you You can finish the good one Damn finish on a high note Sure, do that too Some of the times we should just Finish the episode three questions in at the tone. I said that's a best question. Yeah, we're done And I've done here I have a bunch of great ones that I'm gonna do on my own That I'm gonna give me one of them because I don't really have a bunch of crazy ones there Give me one give me one give me like one of the one of the questions that I would have saved for myself Yes, and you can still use it here you can answer it before you they see this What's your favorite your favorite guitar solo of all time? I Don't have a great list because I'm not nearly as in depth as you But because I only have one I'm gonna go I'm going with slash In November That is so funny that you said that because that's a great pick That's a great pick dusty. That's like that's like a you could have you could have said that you thought about it for days Thought it's some hundred albums and you went through your vinyl collection You're that your fingers dance through your vinyl collection all the rows and rows of records I've heard so many records. I can't possibly think and I narrowed it down that'd be a good answer You could have played that off as a pro. That's a pro answer Good but I guess he'll do it now so there you go. That's a pro answer no member means pro answer It's funny. I've actually have a good friend his name's Bill from high school And he wanted to do a show once who's one of those guys that always had like you know He's all's athletic love does body building and played all the sports and he's like how to do one show Ronnie you got to help me And so I helped him for one show and he like fucking look good he had stridey glutes shredded quads He's got the athletic legs with the calves and everything did really well in his first show looked awesome Like I was so fucking happy that we turned out and His posing routine was the the best minute of note the November rain guitar solo And I remember he told me he's like I got a surprise for you. I got a surprise for you And then when he came on on this is your run He came on on stage and he was like and and I I said I loved your routine man It was awesome because I didn't help him with his routine. He did it on himself and he's like yeah Ever since I always wanted to pose to that guitar solo So it's funny that you mentioned that because I actually have that she happened That's classic but was out to your answer because you actually do have a final collection in 10,000 choices Yeah, there's a bunch of great ones man. That's hard to say Sometimes it's you don't man one choice. Well my favorite everyone always asked me I've heard people ask me Which your favorite acdc guitar solo and I always say it's from a song called riff rap And and it's from the 70s and it's an old like an old 70s acdc song and the song riff rap the whole song is like one of their best songs If you're just trying to listen to like guitar riffs and how fucking fast and amazing they can play The song riff rap is just a fucking ass kicker and they guitar solo and it's just Ridiculous. It's some of his fastest Most like kind of crazy playing and it just it's a nut solo But yeah, I like that I'll say I'll say riff rap. That's my favorite acdc solo There's a great you know the metallic a black album, you know, there's like an inter sandman album There's a Yeah, the one that like blew them up commercially. There's a great there's a documentary About the making of that album And They made that album with Bob Rock who's like a legendary producer He did like a bunch of deaf leopard records and the reason they hired Bob Rock was because they wanted it to be a commercial album Like they wanted to go up they wanted to get played on the radio Because they're the metallic wasn't getting radio play before that right they were doing eight minute adult songs Right and then they they go to the higher Bob Rock and he's like okay We're gonna do some four minute songs on this album Now we're gonna actually get radio play right and it this song the unforgiving Yep, and it needed a solo and there's a scene in the in the documentary where Kurt Kirk Hammett is like You know he's trying to fucking figure out the solo for this song. He just doesn't know where it's gonna go and he's getting frustrated It Bob's getting frustrated and they leave it for a few days in Bob obla and then Bob sitting in the sound booth and Kurt just walks in with his guitar And he plugs right into the sound board and he goes cue it up cue it up and Bob like cues it up and everyone just shuts the fuck up And they play the track and Kurt just lays a solo down and they fucking get it that's it Yeah, just took a while and then it just came to him and he's like I know where I'm going with this fucking turn it on Let's go play the track play the track and they recorded it and that's the solo on the album And it's like that's a great one the unforgiving by Metallica. That's a great solo But it it's even better if you know the story behind it, right like they kind of right it out So Yeah, Bob rock is the guy Who got the crazy reputation for like producing like perfectly sounding albums? Right and one of the things he did was when he did an album with Death Leopard I think it was hysteria or Pyramania. I can't remember but one of their massive like You know death leopard had those albums where they had like five number one hits He actually did the guitar solo is he would make the guitar player Take all the strings but one off his guitar And record all the notes perfectly on that string only then the next string then the next string one string at a time So there was no possible interference or like micro sound of a finger dragging on a string or anything And then he laid them all over top of each other and that's the guitar solo on that album It's It almost makes it not real So yes, it's like it's like piece together and also You know the thunder struck riff that Angus plays like dino nana nana nana nana nana nana nana nana nana nana nana nana You know that that's all that's all hammer on's on one string So he's like he's hitting the string and letting it go zero And he's he's doing it all down but it's only one string so when they recorded in the studio They actually took all the other strings off the guitar So there was no like slight little touch or anything and Angus was just playing it on one single string So it would be be absolutely perfect Yeah, yeah, cool shit like that makes albums cooler to sound listen to when you when you listen to them And that's why when you hear thunder struck on the album and then you hear thunder struck live Thunder struck live sounds a little rougher because there's little like Like mutes and little Yeah, like so you listen to a live-less-to-it-studio and it's it's different But yeah, it's cool when you know stuff like that about music it makes it more interesting so Yeah, it's a well-known interesting man in the world I don't know what okay, that's Thanks everybody remember like share subscribe comment tell your friends Play this in the background while you're making breakfast and you girlfriend goes by the fuck do you listen to this shit? Do that trust And and and I'm not just saying this for the attention dusty But love here in from our female viewers True It's awesome Because like we honestly week after week I came believe we have any and YouTube says we only have like 2% female viewers, but that's real They're awesome Thank you to you ladies You know the ladies of iron listen to the show and Missy I commented on Missy's Video the other day where she's practicing in her yard Oh, wasn't that amazing? Oh, it's still scared me even though I already know I was like ah It was it was awesome because she told that story and I just said hey like this this is awesome You're neighbors say you said your neighbors must take your crazy or whatever and and then she replied like oh my god You're shows the best so it's it's good to know she remembers being on Yeah, but yeah My parents that I'd rather be terrible infregotten And we definitely are okay. Thanks everybody and remember it's just bodybuilding