So, have you guys used this an anonymous app thing? No. No, yeah. Okay. So this is the last time I'll use it, but I wanted to try it for the show, right? So I used it once myself, and I just got a bunch of normal questions, and the only thing that made the anonymous, like the only element that changed, was I had several people asking me directly about certain coaches, right? And they wanted to do it anonymously. They're like, hey, I'm working with this guy, and he did this, and I think it's really a mistake. What do you think? Like that sort of stuff. And I don't want to fucking get involved in a lot of that. But so that was the only thing that changed for me, as far as anonymous. Right. Nobody. Dusty. You lied. Dusty said he did it, and all these girls were messaging. Like, I want to set your deck, and he was like, it was a real pain in the ass. And then I did it, not a single fucking dick-secking offer. You don't want to understand. That's what I get when I do non-anonymous. Oh, sorry, Dusty. I could ask. So, I mean, how much more stuff do you call? Right. It makes life easy for you. So, yeah. So anyways, and the thing is, as you can't answer with a video answer, which is what I like to do on normal questions, right? You have to like ask. Yeah. So, it's not as cool, but I thought I'd try it for this just because of the anonymous element. You know what I mean? But I just kind of got all the regular questions we would. There was nothing like extra spicy for, you know, no one's saying, you know, what it. How they've been watching Dusty's beard for years, and they just can't wait to have it between their thighs. Oh, wait. That is one. What was her name? Damn it. It's anonymous. Tell me. So here's one. I don't know who to listen to regarding digestive aids. How do I start to keep it simple when bulking and in prep just to keep me regular? So digested aids. Well, I mean, it's it's person. So, like my go to with digestive things. If somebody came to me and they had a question, be on my realm for digestion, I said I'm the crystal. Okay. That he knows that shit. Only promise, crystal is slammed and most of the time is not taking someone. I had somebody that really did, like, she explained her situation. I was like, look, I need to get shot. But if I were you, I would hire him and she reached out to him and he wasn't taking clients. And like six or seven months later, she's like, I started with Chris and it's been amazing. That's cool. So, you know, he's definitely who I would suggest for talking about an individual. Because there's been a few people that I've talked to that have had very complicated digestive stuff. And he he knows, I don't know. Right. Okay. Well, as far as trying to, you know, I don't know. I would start with a scoop of fiber before bed. That would be like the first thing I would do if I had any digestive issues. If you're not doing that, like, I just find that is this my favorite thing in the world. My pre-bed shake has a scoop of fiber in it. Like 25, 30 grams of fiber. Like a pretty heavy dose. And I'm like, I love it. And so, anyone that's having digestive problems and they want to, like, look at prebiotics and probiotics and the digestive enzymes and all that stuff. Knock self out. There's lots of options. But I would make sure, like, like, what's your fiber? Like, are you eating enough fiber? Some people don't realize how little fiber they consume, right? Who knows? Stake and rites four times a day. You know, the basics. You know, like, you know, so that can be something to start with. But yeah, you know, I'm digestive health isn't my wheelhouse. Because I've generally always had pretty good digestion. Like, you know, people always complain about, oh, my stomach hurts. This and that. And I'm just like, oh, yeah, I don't really know what you mean. Like, I'm so bloated after that meal. And I'm like, oh, yeah, I'm pretty fine. So I never really have a lot of problems. Okay. Victoria is really good with that stuff. She's not taking clients right now. But she's, so she's up no help. She's, she's a wizard with that stuff, though. And I've learned a lot. So you'll always know that she would have your answers, but she will not help you. I've learned a lot through her because I started learning how much of our digestive, how much of those enzymes are related to our gallbladder and our liver. And how making sure those things are running smoothly. If you're having issues that those things will help to also improve digestion and clear it of things like estrogen, you know, so interesting. Yeah. So you, they can hire Scott and get. Victoria somewhat. But when you call, make sure to mention Victoria's, so Scott can raise his prices. Okay. So be available soon, but yeah. What's the sloppiest condition all three of you guys ever let yourselves get into? You want to picture? I got one. I would say, what's that? I want to say it was 2013. I took about six or eight weeks off from training off from gear and off from bodybuilding. The best part is I did it three of those weeks. I was touring in Australia. So I was like, white, fat, small. And it was a planned thing. I was just tired. I was like, I'm going to let roll until I have to go back to the gym. And the 180 in conditioning and everything when I got back was awesome. But to say it was a pathetic starting point. Isn't an understatement even for some of my piss portion addicts. So onto the next. What do you guys? Um. Well, I mean. The most fat I ever had on my body was probably when I was 330. But I wouldn't call it my sloppiest because I was also like my absolute biggest and strongest. Yeah. You know what I mean? So I almost think that it was when I started my prep for my last show in 2015. And I started my prep in like, would have been like March. And I had been injured and cleaned out completely for months. And I was like, you know, just under 300 pounds. But with small arms and legs because I just hadn't been training because I was injured. I was trying to rest my joints. And I remember my pictures were just fucking terrible. Like, there were the worst photos I ever saw myself. Like, I couldn't believe that I'd been bodybuilding for so many years. And I could have pictures that look like that. Like, I remember just thinking like, how do I expect? How do I expect to win anything when I start like this? Like, this is too far. And I remember Chris Asito. I tell that story all the time. I say, I sent him the pictures and he goes, you have 20 weeks and you need every single one of them. And I remember when he said that I was like, fuck. He's right. I didn't realize how bad I looked. Yeah. But I was like 298 or something like that to 97. But it was just not being able to train like I wanted to. You know, I was doing all these super light, like, you know, fuck around, leg workouts trying to get my knee better. And you know, it was couldn't really train arms for a bit. I was trying to rest my elbow and like just bullshit, you know. What about you, Scott? I got a picture from Dusty here. That's not bad. This is the... This is not... Look at that fat ass. What are you talking about? It's not bad at all. God. Is that bad right? You know, monstrous your legs look when your ass is that fat. Wow, he's pretty smooth, but I've definitely seen worse. You know, definitely. I remember taking those pictures and being like, okay. We don't work to do. Yeah. Yeah, that was for a minute. Scott, you're true. I never got this. Really too far out of shape that I've always been able to maintain more less. But when I have... Here's small guy problems. When you are a guy that competes at around 200 pounds, then when you go into your offseason, you run into like not even looking like a bodybuilder anymore. Because at least in your own head. You know what I mean? Because if you're a guy that's 330, say, you're jacked. You're massive. If you're wearing four extra, your arms are even if you don't feel like your arms are a strong point, your arms are crazy. You know, your legs are the size of one and a half cold. Right, right. Yeah. Whereas like a 200 pound bodybuilder who's at 230, just looks like a fat guy. He doesn't have any shape to anything. His waist is big. It's just that. It's not a... That was... I remember that was the problem I would run into. It was like the bigger I got, the less I would look. Especially earlier on, like competing in middleweight and then getting up to like 220. You know, that's a lot. You know, you just... You stop looking like you even lift. Like the smaller of a bodybuilder you are, the more in shape you have to be to look a big. You know, your waist has to be tiny so that a 16 inch arm looks big against, you know, when you're doing a side chest, right? Right. I get what you're saying. Oh, he lost Dusty. Yeah. He's... I bet he did that intentionally. His connection was looking weak. There he is. He just likes to stop sometimes. I'll be so much clear now, too. I had a huge lag so I wanted to wait for you to finish answering before I just hung up. I was just waiting. I moved my head and I was like, well that's like six seconds. Yep. We'll go ahead and hang it up when Scott is in answering. It was after you sent the text, too. Interesting. Yeah. But I don't know why. But they're both that. But there are both. Matic. Apple. So who knows? My computer knows that I sent the text. Yep. So that makes sense. All right, moving on. Okay. Okay. We're looking for another one, right? Yes. You are. We're doing nothing. I forgot what Apple was using. Not porn hub. What are your thoughts on Ivy drips for vitamins and all that stuff? I'm not sure if it's worth the cost. So that gives me the impression that maybe he's like, like a young bodybuilder on a budget. Then don't do it simple. It's like $300 to do those. I have done them during preps. I'm lagging again. I don't know. And your video is off. But you sound great. Yeah. Yeah, well it sounds a miracle. It sounds all that matters on video looks like shipping was. So I know your it's just not worth the money. Simple $300 dollars. If you're to me, it's very simple with bodybuilding. If you ask yourself that question, you don't need it. Same thing. I say growth is growth, worth it. How much money do you have. Three at one. Yeah. människ honest, no, it's not. He's like should I throw growth in for the last six weeks. the last six weeks of my prep and I'm like, well, how much money do you have? Is that nothing to you or is that like a mortgage payment to you? Yeah, you know, because there's like, yeah, that's that's it all this depends, you know what I mean? So, okay, for sure. So here's a, so this question's funny, but I want to ask you anyways, just because we never talk about this, but this is like kind of interesting. A lot of people don't know this stuff. But the question is worded this way. Some of you talking about side effects from steroids. Is that because, you know, all these steroids are really old from the 50s, 60s and 70s, why are we not coming out with new steroids that don't have side effects? So I get what he's saying. He's saying, you know, we have all chemistry ability. Why are we not making perfect new steroids that are side effect free? And I guess that's what like that's kind of the attempt. That's what the idea, that's what they were trying to do with sarm's was this selective androgen modulation element of the drug, right? Where it only selectively modulated the the androgen receptors in the muscle tissue. That's the goal. Right, strip the drug of side effects just activate the muscle tissue. But that's just really hard to do, but that's essentially what they've been trying to do with sarms. That they just, you know, we've talked about that before, but, you know, there's still nothing beats the actual steroids. But so he's just kind of equating the age of the drugs with them being old, but there's still all the best drugs. You know, all the testosterone derivatives and all that stuff are still what all the body builders are still using. So I don't know what you guys think of how people perceive that. That's got man. I don't have much more to add than what you already said, because I mean, I think that that is what they're trying to do. Yeah, I'm with you. You said it all. Wasn't it wasn't debald that debald was invented in like 1957, wasn't it? I don't like that. I think it was 1957 and then testosterone was actually used by the German military in World War II. I mean, they've talked about how they were given testosterone to soldiers to help them like recover and just, you know, a labor given a man fed it means too. So that's a good war stack. Yeah. And so yeah, that's a dome as well. That's a dome really. Yeah. Like when they were out in the woods and they didn't have as many certain excuse me, they didn't have as many supplies and they were cold. They started because they were trying to create their own synthetic morphine since they were cut off from the opium. So they came up with method done, which, you know, didn't work the same. But they were like, yeah, I remember to the guys and they'll be less hungry, less cold. It'd be good. Okay. Okay. Thank you. See, he's got some shit too. That was like a run fact, wasn't it? Hey, got it. And run didn't know that. That was a run fact. So you say in the German military invented methadone, Hitler's people did. Yeah. In fact, now like the main way that they detox heroin addicts, right? But they try to keep them. Yeah, it's a safe part of the it's an older part of the treatment. Yeah. I think it's a better effect. There was the the name. I can't remember the chemical name if it's dolphin or something. It had something right with like an honor of Hitler, something like that. I could have just made all this up. So there's also that. This is disclaimer. Yeah, I could be making this up. But the German military designed this. It just goes into detail. And they even worked his name into the into the chemical name of the other compound. I could be making this up. Exactly. Exactly. Okay. Here's one story if you are. Here's one. Why do we have a TV show about 600 pound morbidly of these people? And we don't have a TV show about 275 pound jacked people. It's a good question. It's a good question. Why don't people want to follow dusty around in his prime other than on YouTube? They should. Why aren't the big channels doing it? Why does an MTV follow it follow them around? Because I'm not a hoarder and those people usually hoarders, which is awesome to watch and be disgusted in their life. And it makes me feel as the viewer good about yourself. What's the is hoarders? Let's talk about hoarders for a second. That's probably like the sickest show. Like of all those reality shows that like show people at their at their mentally most unwell. Would you say hoarders is kind of the king? Is there anything worse? Yes. What's worse? I don't want to know that shit. No. Are we losing dusty? I think so. I think the leg is yeah pretty rough still. I was having a conversation with him and he was like 30 seconds behind. Yeah. It was kind of rough there for a second. I can't watch those shows, man. Like the hoarder shows and stuff. No, man. It's too much. It's fucking crazy. Was especially you, Ron, because you like to keep everything really neat. That would be like your absolute nightmare. No. Absolutely. What if you had a really good friend? And you were like, hey, I'm going to go and visit my friend and stay with him for a week. And then you found out that that's what this house looked like. You know? So yeah, I've never had that happened dust to your back. They're in clear. Right now. I mean, I love this apartment so much in the service for others. Okay. So we're talking about hoarders. We're talking about hoarders. Yes. Have you ever gone to visit someone? Grandma like, oh, I'm going to crash at their house. And then you get there and you're like, oh, I can't crash here or their hoarders. My grandmother. Grandma. For sure. I'm talking like papers like I's in like the newspaper as in mail just piled up in the house. You need it. It was like a pathway that you could mend you away through to get somewhere. And mind you, you know, I like clean. You can't clean. There is shit like everywhere. So yeah, it's it is absolutely disturbing behavior because what I find the most disturbing is the fact that they don't see it. Right. Like, like, if your house is dirty for whatever reason, it was messy and someone dropped it. Oh my god, this is fucking embarrassing. And I'm talking like, you got a few plates out. Oh, shit. You know, this is years of effort of laziness. And then I come on in. Have a cigarette. Sorry, that's what they would do. And you're like, oh, no, good. Good. Yeah. This is morning. So yeah, no, that's that's bad. I couldn't watch that show. It would be disgusting. I went over to a guy's house once. I remember I was like, when I'm going to pick something up, and we're walking from a restaurant. He said, oh, it is dropped by and pick it up. I was like, okay, so he's dropped by and he was with his wife. So like, walk up to there. But we go in. And their apartment is like the hottest sweat box. I like, I've ever been in. And the windows are all closed. And I was like, Holy fuck, I can't believe they don't have a window open because they're on like the 10th floor. They could easily just open the windows. And they're like, oh, no, we got cats. We don't want the cats to get out of the 10th floor. There won't. Yeah. And so like, they kept them closed. But then once I came inside, I was like, oh, this place feels like cat piss. Like, Greeks like cat piss. So it was like a hot box of cat piss. And they were just like totally fine. They were just like functioning normally. Like they didn't even notice it. And I was just like, so it's fine. But then you wonder, like, am I just being judgy like normal? Does it have some cap people live? They invited you into the house. They should not have done that. I would at least know them. Like, dead serious. Like, if you had a puppy and you knew like, all right, these brand new and you know, I left them in a room. You know, that room has shit all over it. And guess whatever. So like, I wouldn't invite you in even with that. He's been in close to area because I'm like, I have to clean up piss and shit as soon as I walk in the door. You want to come in 15 minutes? Come on over. Right people should they know their house smells like cat piss. You have to. That is a smell that will wake up dead people. Yeah. Sorry, bro. I'm going to judge that into the conversation. I'm going to go. So it's fine. We're gaining up on this person now. Hopefully there's nothing to show. Open the window. Well, I'm going to have to floor the cats on suicide. Let's find him. And if it does jump out, that's it's decision. He wanted out this. That's just cats deciding. It's just cats deciding. That's all that is. I've got a little research for you guys. Okay. About campus? No, about dollop theme. That was the chemical name for a fact. Eight all. Yeah. So so it was thought. So I guess dollop is the Latin word for pain. And then finesse is the Latin word for end. So dollop pain. Right. Pain end. But there was rumor or thought belief that dollop theme is an Adolf. Yeah. Right. There you go. Oh, because it wasn't crazy. It wasn't it didn't just make that up completely. It wasn't made up. It wasn't just made up. It was not just made up. It was not. It was not. It was not. It was not. It was not. It was not. It was not. It was not. It was not. It was not. He loved us. I got that up. I did not make it up. I simply regurgitated an absolute rumor. Which brings me back to remember if you're in the US use my code on I am even done. I'm wrong. There you go. It's all over for me. I don't know if this one will be finer not. It gives us an opportunity to be fine unless we don't want to be fine. We don't like which which fictional character do you think would have the most successful only fans account? Oh, this is fantastic. Fuck. You think we're gonna go like wonder woman should just straight to marvel? Do you sign up for Wonder Woman? Wonder Woman can do. Oh man. Thank you. Come on. You don't want to see Wonder Woman. You want to see just what? It's gonna be about. We'll see if I want to go further. I want to go further because like what if I went under the sea with Ariel? Oh Ariel. Yeah. I've got some sort of fish fuck going on here. I mean that's a different thing. That means that's an animalism. Right? That is. I feel that that would probably do well. You know. You got to have a word. You got to do it. It's rich as a niches. This is interesting. You know, I was thinking did like a laden's girlfriend also have a magic carpet ride? I mean that'd be cool. I don't know. Maybe. Maybe. See, I went marvel and he went cartoon. I don't know what you want to what we're all the way down. Definitely cartoon. I was thinking like no creepy. Paris Hilton. Because that's a pretty much a fictional. Pretty much a fictional character. She's not even real even. But real that way then Kim Kardashian. She's already done it. Yeah. Yeah. She's 82% man-made. So it's fine. And by the way, I support that fictional character. What about like what about like you know like just think of all the girls on all the TV shows too. Like you imagine if like imagine back when friends was popular. Oh, like Rachel had an only fans account. Oh, yeah. I don't know. I'd say about the blow-up today. Yeah, like 90's Buffy the Vampire Slayer. She was really popular. You remember that huge huge. Bye, Skirls. There you go. Those were fictional characters. Yeah. Yeah. That gay good point. Good point. See. Okay. See. There we go. That was fun. What's fun? Okay. Any other questions? Do you have any other questions? No, well, that's it all on you today. It's on you. Then you just do a question box, Testy. I did that for our selfish reasons. You know, though, here's the truth. Because I'm not getting as many views because I don't know what happened to my Instagram. I just get kind of the same questions really often. Or like my opinion questions. But like not a pin on fun stuff. Like they're on like, why do you care what I think? It's been proven many, many times at most the time I don't think. And they still ask, you know. I get questions like, you know, I'm having this problem with my relationship. I'm like, you come to me. Wrong with you. I want you to go back a few years. It hasn't always been solid. It was. Oh, actually, I had very good. I just remembered I had one. So if you guys have used this anonymous app, what you'll notice is that there's questions that are fake that get sent to you. Oh, really? These are trying to make you feel good. Like if you put it up and no one asks you any questions, it'll generate some fake questions. And they actually just were forced to change the way those ones look so that you kind of know that it's a fake question. So for example, like I'll pull up a fake question here. I like this. I like where this is going. Yeah. So we're going to thought that we need to fake questions. Yeah. So like I didn't put up a confession link. I put up a anonymous comment link. Okay. But I got a confession. See this one. Oh, it's one away. Like where? Which one was it? I'm trying to find it. Yeah. Like this one says, I know you had a crush on me. But it's a confession box. And I never put a confession box up and it says down here Rub from and from the app sent with love from team and GL. So it's a question team. I'm GL. Yeah. So but then when you get a real question, when you get like a real one, they look like, let me just find a real one because they're like all mixed in here. And you could tell the auto bot ones did it. Yeah. Like this one is like an actual question. Our meeting products available in India. You know what I mean? So they look different. So just pay attention to that stuff. Are we in India? We aren't India. Aren't we? Do you have a distributor there? Yeah, we are. Yeah. Have you guys ever been to India? Either of you? I have. But I've been to leads and eating amazing Indian food. Is that kind of it's close. It's close enough. I freaking love that. Oh, I have been to India, but I've been to leads. Actually, I didn't have a bunch more if we needed any questions here. Shoot away. I say, you need to get up. Let's get up. Let's hear around. What about this one from Brody? A very regular listener of our show. She says tremendous gentlemen, respect to you all. Question for the next podcast. Big round. Please tell us more interesting stories with mutant crazy experiences at the booth or maybe an interesting dinner with other bodybuilders, cheers. Oh, wow. I mean, I wouldn't even know where to begin. I have one. You know, okay. You continue. See, there's not even me, but it's not me. I'm going to have you do it. Text. Just get it going. Get it going. No, the dinner with the chair and rich. Oh, yeah. I told that story a few times, but I don't remember if I told it on the show. It's good. It told it here, but it was a long time ago. Do you know what we're doing for you? That's a good story because people's rich. We were shooting with Rich Piano in LA, and we went to this Mexican restaurant. It was like a real nice restaurant. Like we we all went and like showered and put our jeans on, you know, dress jeans or whatever. I think Rich probably still wore shorts. But like we, and then we went, we went out to this Mexican place. And they were seating us and it was a packed restaurant nice big open room and everyone's staring at us. Cause like there's this big team of giant guys, you know, all sitting down, middle of a busy restaurant, everyone's staring at us. And we all sit down and rich sits down and it's chair breaks. And he fucking collapses backwards. And everyone goes, oh, you know, like when the silence kind of like the sound gets sucked out of the room, like, oh. And then he just jumps up and holds a chair up broken chair up over his head and he goes, I win. He's the biggest. And then like everyone laughed because like, because you know, this big guy's going to be mad. Where's a manager, you know, like that sort of thing. He wasn't even remotely upset. He just, you know, he's probably thinking all down. We didn't get that on Instagram, you know. That would go in million. It was was he with mutant before you runner after you after I was already there. I remember my my boss at the time sent me photos of him. He's like, hey, do you know this guy? Do you know of this guy? And I recognized him from when he had won the California as he had just had the flame tattoos on his forearms. That was it. Yeah. And I was like, yeah, that guy's a beast. I've seen that guy like I still think I saw rich at golds when I went there in the 90s. I still think that I saw him because like I remember when I met him later, I was like, I think I saw you at golds back in the day, you know what I mean? He was big. Yeah. So yeah, I was there already. And then they were like, oh, we're thinking to bring in a morning. He's got a bunch of tattoos now. And then they sent me like a newer photo of him. Because in all I hadn't seen him in years, right? Yeah. You know? So yeah, I don't even think most people, including myself, knew him as a competitor. I remember seeing a YouTube video of him like showing his cars and his dogs and like just got you there. You know? Yeah. Yeah. Because he won the 99 California. He won like the Mr. California 99 and went to Nationals and I think he was fifth. And like the super heavy, like back in the day. Yeah. And he was a radar dente and you know, fucking like all those guys banging away in the supers, you know what I mean? Yeah. Yeah. Here I got one for you. It was I work all day, eight hours shift. And then I get to the gym and I want to get my workout done. I love training with my training partner. But he's the type of guy that wants to wait for machines if they're busy. I would rather just move on and go to something else. That's the best way for us to reach a compromise. So it sounds like he's training with someone who's pretty stubborn and they want to like, you know, we're using this, you know, like, you know what I mean? We're squatting in this rack today. Like that sort of thing. Yeah. I mean, I've followed to me. It's pretty simple. I mean, if you set on what you want to do and he's set on one and away for the machine, maybe he's follows a certain program and really wants to. I would just say, hey, no offense, but I got to give my ass home. So if you want to roll that way, no problem. I'm going to be in here. But when we get to that piece, I'm moving on. I mean, I wouldn't worry about someone's feelings. Then he can make he can make a decision. If you want to train with you more, they want to wait for that piece of equipment. He'll come with you. You've made the decision that you would rather get the hell out of the gym than train with him. I'm going with that. It's not right. Right. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. What about you squat? Yeah. I'm trying to win somebody in a busy gym and then you're like, go let's hack and then there's someone on the hack and they're like, oh, I got three sets left. Are you going to take me out of the gym? Yeah. Yeah. You just do. You don't want to get used to it. I remember I have clients who'll tell me, like, oh, hey, I couldn't do this exercise last night because the gym was packed. And I'm like, oh, yeah, I remember that that happens at gyms doesn't it? Because I just trained a lot of the 11 AM. Yeah. Yeah. There's that too. What do you do? Like, let's say you're not in a rush. Like, let's just say you're just training normally. But your training partner is like, oh, he's got three sets left. Let's wait. Are you the type of guy that would wait three sets? Like, just typically not being in a rush. Or would you be like, I don't know when three sets. I'm going to do pendulum today. What do I think you'd typically do? I'd change it. I just like if three sets, if I'm going to lose my pump, you know? It's like that's the worst thing in the world. When you're in the middle of a good workout, your heart rates up. Everything's going smooth. Then you've got to like stop and get back into it. You know, I would unless it was early. Let's say it was early. Let's say like, we're going to do hamstring curls first. Get the hamstring good and warmed up. And then we're going to the hacksquat next. And I'm eyeballing that. And that guy's saying he's got three more sets. And I'll be like, oh, yeah, we'll take a little bit more time on the hamstring curl maybe. Right. Um. Love it, son. What about you typically dusty? If you're not in a hurry, would you wait with your with your buddy or would you say, hey, I'm going to go do something else? It depends. Like back in the day, when I was on a strict program, I would have waited. That's also, I mean, also the surgery, but why would train when I did? When I had the business, I would train at 10 30 at night to avoid that. I don't know if kids are going like that. So that was fine. But now, no, I would just do something else. All I'm trying to do is find a way to create pain for the body. So. If there's another choice, I just walk over, come back to it later. Sometimes a great opportunity to be creative. You go do something else, then you come back and I'm not going to quite as strong. I'm going to up the reps. And I'm going to slow the negatives and make this hack harder than usual. So it's not a mind-fuck that I'm not doing as many plates. I don't know. Next day, you can barely walk just because you did a different order in a different reps scheme or, you know, speed. Right. Okay. I'm pretty easy going now. So it would just depend on the circumstances. I could see myself doing both. I could see myself doing off. You're going to wait for that. I'm going to go do like three sets of this because I just got a killer pump. Or just depending on the day, you know, I could see myself like, hey, no problem. I need to, I'll take a breather. Fuck. You know what I mean? So he's pretending to be with me on that day. Oh, this is a good way for us to do one fucking set. I got another good one here. Another YouTube question. Question for the next one. If you were a superhero or villain, what would your power be? Webs like Spider-Man, etc. And what would be your name? I think, again, for the continued entertainment. Oh, it's tricky. You're super power. Have anything to do with panties? I'm trying to work around it. But then I get nervous because like, from doing extra evis, and I got to see everyone. Kind of selective attribution. Oh, God. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You know, uh, funny. I'm watching the boys now, right? So you know, you're watching the boys now and there's all those. Like, B level and C level D level superheroes that have like one skill, but they're not like bullet proof for anything. And you think the other superheroes all think they're a joke, you know? It's like, I think I would want to try to think because I mean, all can you decide that? The one thing I'll enjoy about those kind of things is your super power also is a bit of a problem. You know, like in other ways. So, man, I guess I would have to go. What about what's the, um, what's this, what's this, the guy that Ryan Reynolds plays? What's his name? Uh, do you want to hire Reynolds? Yeah, yeah. What's his little D? Oh, God. Oh, you mean dead dead pool? I would be dead pool because I feel like his greatest thing is he's funny. Right? And that's how he was picking up chicks all the time. There you go. He's going to a crisp though, Dusty. Did that, I love that show. That's fantastic. Can tell I'm not a true superhero person. Right. It's offensive to someone else right now. They're not using my code no matter where they live. I was, uh, teleportation would be the one you'd want because you could just kind of go anywhere you want. And you could like, you know, you could use it to your advantage. So, you know, financially you'd be able to do so many cool things because you could just go wherever you want it instantly and all that sort of stuff. So you'd be alright. It'd be a good superpower. You're not hurting anybody else, but you're just really efficient. Let me kind of cool. Like think of vacations. You could like literally travel anywhere you want. It's very inconvenient. It's not just fly. Yeah. Yeah. Well, you know what I mean? Well, the trips we'd be like, hey, let's go to Thailand for working now. Now, you know, yeah. That would be cool too because I'm not looking forward to the flight to Dubai. That's a lot. Yeah, like that. Yeah. Yeah. So that was funny. That's like the one thing Dustin and I are going to do by for the muscle show at the end of October. Yeah. And I got my flight. And I'm like, uh, what are we talking about? Remember this? Like how many hours? Well, we're talking, I'm talking 945 from 9 hours 45 from Vancouver to London. Yeah. And then it's 6.5 from London to Dubai. Mine is basically the same. It's, um, I go in hour the wrong way because I'm coming up a small place. So I got an hour to Atlanta. Uh, eight hours and something to France. And then six and a half to Dubai. It's a long trip. Yeah. Exactly. And I go there. I leave Wednesday and I come back Monday. Cool. So it's a fast. And you, and you get there. Whatever. I think I leave Wednesday but I don't get there until Thursday. Yeah. Yeah. Hey. I'm coming back a slower, by the way. Add two hours to both of our trips coming back. That's what it works. I thought I'd tell you guys a story about time travel. I just thought of this one the other day. It was the closest thing I ever had to time travel. And I knew this guy in back in high school and like post high school. This guy was always kind of wild. His name was Dave. He was real folding. What's that? I'm not going to do it. I thought about it. A big heavy set guy. And we called him skinny. And he was always a terrible driver. Like I remember he had this like Ford tempo. And we were going to this bonfire party in the snow. And he literally took like a 360 in the car. And I'm just in the back seat. Just like I was just getting it right to the bonfire. It was crazy. Well, after that he got this is like, you know, mid 90's. He got one of the Mustang 5.0's. Like the old 80's style, you know. Yeah. And it was fast. And he was a guy who shouldn't have a car like that. And we were at my friend Chuck's house. And we had been there until like real late partying and all that. And I was like, hey man, can you give me a ride home skinny? And he was like, yeah, sure. And Chuck lived. It was on a like one of the major side streets. So it was like all the neighborhoods connected to this side street. But it was still 25 miles an hour. And there's a stop sign every, you know, couple hundred feet. And there was a light. So between Chuck's house and my house. It was probably like six to seven stop signs. It was one mile and one light. And it's like two o'clock in the morning. He was like, sure. I get in the car with him. And he drove like he literally put his foot to the floor. And he did not let it up until we got to my house. Like every stop sign, the light, everything. It was the weirdest feeling because I literally like just left Chuck's house and like one minute later. It felt like one minute. I was at my house. I was like, holy shit. Don't ever ask skinny for a ride again. That's fine. It was crazy, man. It was nuts. Good. Okay. Okay. Is that it? Thanks. So. I think I'm out of, I'm out of everything, guys. What's left for today for you? I've got to go train legs early today. I have to eat a lot behind. Okay. Can I check this for me? Client checkins for you. Okay. Remember everybody like share subscribe comment. Ring the bell. Ring the bell. Scott. There you go. There we go. There you go. My bell. Thanks everybody. Remember the code's big Ron 20 dusty 20. And remember it's just body building.