Well, what my Wi-Fi is good because I'm not an Airbnb. I'm not. I'm not. But where are you on it every story I'm on the island? Huh? Anybody? Did you bring a bike? No, I didn't. Come on, bud. Come on up. I don't even know who you are. You brought his dog, then bring the bike. Come on, Jed. There we go. Is he coming up for the show? Let's get him in here. There he is. Get the chair of his own. He's his own man. He don't need to share chairs. Ronson, his Airbnb right now. Yeah. Yeah. Hey. Look at this guy. Look at this guy. How's he like the island? He loves it. He loves it. He thinks his holiday is all for him. So proud of his. Mom and dad giving him a tour of the island. Felicia, you guys could do with all he does for you. I know. He's very aggressive, liquor, and requires hugs and constant attention. There's absolutely no one around. Okay. Episode. We're not allowed to say it because Scott hates us. I've had my wins clicked. Yeah, exactly. We're all the time. Ron, don't you dare. I'm from higher ups. I don't think that people know why. I think they just like maybe thought it was like a creative decision. We just shouldn't do it. Yeah. Because sometimes we have, you know, we might, well, like, we were trying to get a guest for today that didn't work out. If we had that guest, that show would go out before other episodes. So then Ron would be like, hey, it's episode 165, but it wouldn't come out for like two episodes. So yeah, whatever. There you go. Jed, do you care? Or does that just? Jed, just how many do you do? I just want to see the star. It's like a collar. It's a sharp collar. It's a good one. I didn't see the collar. How'd you miss the collar? It was like a blue and teal. Oh, yeah. That's nice. That of course has got his tag. It says, Jedi. Where is it? Call Ron if lost. Yeah, Jedi. There we go. Okay, too. Okay, buddy. See you, bud. Good. And here, make us just not have his headphones on. But what if no, no, I, he's got a lot of it. Real good hearing, though. You know, valid. He might actually have a good, right? Probably hurt about it than Ron did. I'm sorry about that. I am, of course, where am I, dusty handsha, fuck attention, earned respect, shirt. Did you know, fun, that night, that that shirt is being reborn from you and soon. Really? Oh, yes. We did a little co-branding. I like the sound of that. Yeah, it's nice. It's, we, we update a little bit. Just got a little bit. Just got a last week, very happy. You'll be able to use my code for a better discount. Dusty 20 when ordering. Ron's will not get you discounted all on that. I, even though it would, if you're in Canada. Think Ron 20. No, I know it would be in funny, but I actually have to make sure people understand. I'm a, my code works in, United States and Canada, everywhere where the website works. My code works. You've done that. There's somebody who's like, oh wait, I'm in the US. It's like your client for 10 years. That's why there's two codes. It's a US code in the American code. Yeah. Oh, but order enough dust. You all this time. I didn't think I could even order up here. It would, it would make sense too. If you like, all they must have two codes. Because there's one for the US and one code for Canada. That's why they have two. That's the thing is, Dusty, Dusty's really good at lying. Dusty knows that a good lie has to be believable. Yeah. That's the key to a good lie. It has to be believable. And a little bit of truth. You know, like, you're in Canada. You're in Canada. You're in Canada. And this blend in the coffee, right? And, and, and he knows that people will just swallow those lies. Go. Just boom. Why, just a distributed, evenly throughout the whole question them at all, though, this immediately turned around and spoke to them about their friends. Dusty's code works. Ron's code doesn't work. We couldn't work because it's Canadian money. And we're talking about US dollars. Because, like, obviously, that makes sense. Yeah. Sorry, Jim. I've now ruined everything about the mutant codes. But anyways, no, we're good. We're good. Okay. So, yeah. I'm even supporting the show. Get on the website, order your mutant stuff. Order your ISO surge and your gear. I love saying that. Get on the mutant website. Order some gear. Yeah. We're here. We're here. They're doing the gear in the IST now, so I'm really happy. Oh, I think they're working on an IST for a while, right? That the old BCA IST flavor that I love. Oh, it's back. Oh, okay. So, I didn't even know. I didn't even know. I could pop guy. I love the market. It took much less. I threw a couple of cups and the tiger's blood. Kind of a needle poking at punch flavor. Wait, the what the what blood? Teggers blood. It's like, I, it's not just mutant, there's like other brands use the tiger's blood now, but I'd say, you know, straight from Charlie Scheme. Yeah. They mix the HIV in there. I just, I just love the rod. Isn't catching the word trying to get him to say tiger. Is many times possible. Yeah. Well, he just teegers blood. Tegers blood. You spelled the two of these the way he says it. Yeah. Don't, don't, don't. That's what talk about how it's in about. Well, those are allowed. Those are strong. Cause, you know, if I spend a week up in Canada, I come back and, oh, yeah. So I make a self-part Canadian. Yeah. You're not going to make a self-part Canadian. It was a bad stick. We insert a clip right there. The bus is about taking our citizens. It's a boot, not centering our up. It's a boot. It's a boot. It's a boot. It's a boot. It's a boot. It's a boot. It's a boot. It's a boot. It's a boot. It's a boot. There's a boot. So, as a Canadian, we all love this self-part Canadian. Like mock character. Yeah. The bull. Like that whole movie where they have like the blame Canada song and all that stuff. We were so proud of being a Jew. I guess, but I just freeze up a little bit. But your voice stayed so we just let you roll. Having a. Oh no. Oh no. Uh oh. There we go. There he is. We got a little bit of a lag with a little lag. So I'm going to get my phone off the Wi-Fi. Did you a question box from? No, I did not get a question box. But I have some questions. Cool. I've got some YouTube stuff. And I also, I had to mention something too. Um, I don't know what happened. But last week, well, first of all, last week, I was on a rampage with the podcasts, including the YouTube short that we put out for the sodium loading, the the the the the the trend of sodium. Yeah, clip. I put out seven videos six podcasts. No, wasn't. Yes, seven altogether in six days. Um, I don't know what happened. But iTunes didn't pick all of them up. So there were a lot of it. We did like the the second episode I put out for us. Like a lot of people didn't hear it. I see the numbers on it. And it's very, very low. I don't know what the deal is. I looked at the statistics in the statistics like went through the roof. I think there was some sort of glitch in some system somewhere. Somebody hacked us. I don't know. Uh, whatever it was though, one of our episodes didn't get a lot of lessons on iTunes still got plenty of, you know, feedback on Spotify, SoundCloud, um, YouTube of course, YouTube's a whole separate thing. But for for our friends that are listening on iTunes, understand that their episodes, you may not have heard or seen. So go to YouTube or something in chat with those out. Or you can always just go to like one of the other platforms. But iTunes isn't isn't being our friend right now for some reason. Is everything for some. Yeah, I've never seen that before. What's 2022 now? So it's time to grow up and get off the iTunes and get on fucking Spotify. So hello, not really that complicated. We have only a small portion of our people are unspotified. It's it's growing, but it's still it's not a lot. It's not a lot compared to what's the most popular audio platform? Probably iTunes probably. I do still. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. I use Apple music all the time. Yeah. Well, that's what I mean. Yeah. Like Apple, but if they don't even call it iTunes anymore, they call it podcast app or whatever. Yeah. Okay. I don't know that. Okay. So we got a like share, subscribe comment. Ring the bell. And go back and make sure you didn't miss any episodes. There you go. That's a good one. I got a sneeze. Whoa. It's a sneeze. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. He doesn't fuck around. And then those squeaky sneezes from wrong. Wow. You don't get those ones out of me. I was laughing those people. You know, they'll go like. And that's not satisfying at all. What was that? They're like, oh, there's a sneeze. You're like, actually a sneeze? Yeah. Like I've just been over at the that the waste or else I'll like hurt my back. I've done that a lot of motion in Ron's sneeze. You actually want to. Yeah. I'm like, if I'm standing up straight and I sneeze real hard, I'm like scared. I'm going to hurt my back. So whenever I feel sneeze coming on, I was like bend over at the waist. I don't know something about like just tightening everything up. What was it to get the experience of the first time Emily saw that. Here's like walking down the street and then all of a sudden you just leaned forward. What was she like, what the fuck? Or she understand. She do that also. Emily's big in the same way. Like she burps loud. She farts loud. She appreciates a good sneeze. Yeah. She's not like a pain. She's a big like she's contact with her right now. If you're listening to this. Yeah. She doesn't go like, she just feels like that. She says it's like, yeah. I don't do that. I'm beginning to err on this mic, but she's talking. But yeah, like, you know, she's she appreciates that I have a man's sneeze that let's fire his safety precautions because I like to think the muscles on my body are so powerful that when they involuntarily contract, I can injure myself. I'm a risk to my own structure. That's a lot of compounded trend over the years. So yeah, it's the repercussions of all my previous decisions. Story of life. I make sense. You've got to go with it. Perfect. You know, okay. What else is going on? We've got to give people the update. Are you going to start because you're on holiday? What's happening? Why are you on the island? So I came over to Vancouver Island. It isn't my dad. Okay. Yeah. My dad's moved into a retirement condo. He's got himself a condo here in like a senior's village, you know, and and he's in like the the independent building. It's like this giant really nice giant facility, right? And he's in like the independent wing with like his own condo and he's like, you know, just got him out of that big house. You know, he was in the big house, I'll buy himself, right? So yeah. And he was living, you know, an hour away from two hours away from my brother and sister. So like, you know, that he wasn't getting a lot of visits, you know? But now he's down here in Victoria, they live, you know, 20 minutes away tops so they can drop by weekly multiple times. They've been visiting him a lot. You know, it's easier for me to just come and see everyone now. Like see my whole family in the same city. Right. And so I can just come over on the ferry and, you know, kind of complicated, but to go see my dad had to take one ferry and then to go see my brother and sister to take another ferry and their, you know, the cities were two hours apart. So it wasn't easy to visit my family, you know? But now they're on same city. So here I am, boo. And we're just doing the Airbnb thing because we got the dog right. So, you know, I look for hotel rooms that let dogs, but there's not really a lot of those around and they're all booked up so we did there. Being with our like this cool little bungalow, it's really Bohemian. That's the, we had this thing last night. We were trying to describe it and we decided it's Bohemian. And it's like random, you know, like there's art from like 10 different countries and like, you know, deer antlers on the wall and like, you know, just kind of interesting stuff. It's a cool place. You'd like a dusty because it makes money. And that's what matters. We're going to be like, oh, yeah. It's a good Airbnb like, you know, when you stay in an Airbnb and they've got a lot of nice touches. Like, yeah, you know, there's a stack of blankets there for us with a note. It's like these are for your dog. Put them on the furniture, you know, and then, you know, just that sort of thing. Yeah, no, that's that hand notes. That's my hand notes. The hand notes, you know, there's like hand notes everywhere. Yeah, yeah. And it's like, oh, and I'm like, all like thinking, oh, this is like, I would come back and stay at this one. You know, it's nice and clean and, you know, I'm looking to get into this business eventually. I love that. I'm just my favorite thing about traveling is checking out a badass Airbnb is like part of my trip everywhere I go. That is good. Yeah. I really like this place. It's kind of like a, like, you know, the type of thing you'd see like near the ocean in California. You know, like there, there, there's no, there's no cupboard for your dishes. There's just shelves. Yes. With like four plates, four bowls, four mugs. Like, yeah, like, you know what I mean? Really like rustic and like kind of wild. It's cool. Nothing matches either. Like nothing at all matches. And I like, you know, kind of makes me feel like I'm really good about that. I feel like you're cutting loose. You know, yeah, like I'm cutting loose. Like, you know, it's like a real relaxing thing. You're not, you're not uptight. Yeah. It's good. Yeah, it's a good feel. You know, I live in like an ultra modern condo, right? So to come and stay and like, you know, like the house is like overgrown with forest, like you can barely see the house from the road. I like that the yard's full of big plants and there's leaves everywhere and the fucking, you know, there's just kind of, it's kind of jungley actually. So kind of like it. Jungley Bohemian, nothing matches answers on the floor. Surf cottage. Yeah. Like I wouldn't be surprised to see five surfboards lined up on up front of the house. You know what I mean? It's got that feel. Yeah. It's awesome. What do you just got? What do you want to go on? Well, I was dealing with all that last week was a blur because I, I don't think I can do like seven videos and six days anymore. It just takes away too much time from being able to like do my real job of coaching. So as nice as that was, it doesn't, it doesn't quite pay enough. I'm still going to try to do more, you know, push it and do as many as we can. But like I think four, maybe five at the most, we went to a wedding over the weekend. That was cool. It was an Armenian wedding too. So it was like, it was, it was different. It wasn't like, I'm used to go into weddings where people are really reserved and polite. Why it. These people were like, wow, and dancing and it was, it was actually Armenian and Greek Orthodox together. Oh, yeah. So there's like the wedding was like literally like singing was happening there. Basically, the way that they were, it was interesting man. It was, it was like a whole, I don't know. It was just a whole cool experience. And I, I got a video for you, Dusty. I got something, a video at your request, Ron. You're going to like this too. Thank you. Thank you. Check this out. All right. A little five seconder. Oh, wait. I got to move us. Hold on. I got to move us. Let's see the explosion. Yeah. So the muzzle break off, well, the booster off. So that you can see the fire. We're getting like a three foot fireball here. Nice. I love it. It's good. It's good. I feel good about the fireball. It was our class. I feel like you don't used to call in and you would put your request on the radio and then wait and wait and wait. Yeah. I waited one week and my request came through. I literally just got back. Like my hand still smell like gunpowder. My gun's probably still hot. No. No, no. Fresh delivery. Yes. What up to the two times in life for you? Is it like high school or around someone? The guy I just did. It's tossed up there. Like, hey, your friend's like, oh, at the range, huh? I just hope I'm never in a position where the police need to like swap my hands. Because there's like a 90% chance that I recently fired a gun at this point in my life. You know what I mean? I heard some like, I'm going to get this story wrong, but the story doesn't really matter. It's the absurdity of it. I read some hilarious breakdown of the TSA and how inefficient the TSA are. Yeah. Right. And just want to charade airport security is just completely made up nonsense at 99% of the public. Never question because they think it's a good idea. But it's just completely stupid. Those people are, they do nothing. And there's way better ways to handle airports security, right? If you look at how Israel handles it or how some of the Middle Eastern countries handle airports security, anyways, that's not the point. The point is how this one guy, this writer, was telling all these stories because he traveled so much. So he had his like, top 10 dumbest TSA stories. And one of them was there is this group of soldiers that I don't know where they were coming from, but they were honest civilian flight and they were all in their fatigues, right? And it was during the Gulf War and there was something that were moving some troops and they like had to put them on a plane. Yeah. And I don't know what was like, and they started swapping their hands and they were all positive and they were like holding them. Oh, God. And they're like, dude, we've literally, like we've literally all handled our weapons today. Yeah. Like, fire guns and helmet are weapons. Like, within the last couple hours, like we were packing our bags and all this great. And they're all testing positive on their hand swabs and the TSA's all like holding them and won't let them board. And they had to get like commanders and make phone calls and just hilarious shit. Like, you know, but just a bureaucratic inefficiencies of someone who's completely untrained in a matter running into this weird incident and just, I don't know what to do. You know where people really get screwed is when they go to Vegas and they go to the, they have a few of those ranges out there. Wow, dude. Yeah. Yeah. And you can shoot machine guns and stuff. And there's people that are literally just, you're covered head to toe. Like, if you shoot a mini gun, you're just covered head to toe. It's, uh, yeah. That's amazing. You either get the range or bathing in powder making bomb. You are the bomb, you know. Yeah. Yeah. The brim of your hat test positive, everything test positive. Yeah. My aunt worked for, well, my aunt worked for company in airline and they did a test. They gave her a fake bomb that she put in her luggage and they're like, yeah, just try to get on the, you know, try to go through security with this went through and we'll probably know from. Say like a fake bomb in her bag, you know. You know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you're going to have a nice day. Yeah. Thanks. I'm going to go blow up a plane now. That was a while back, but I've seen some some stuff on people that like, audited security. They were sent through to audit security. Yeah. Yeah. That's what that was. Just this got through with like crazy shit, like all sorts of stuff. You know, there's just, but yet they noticed my meal. Yeah. Look at my mom. What, my shaker, they go, what's this? And I go protein powder and they smell it. So I was like chocolate. Like yeah. I'm so fluttered. Sorry. Yeah. It's a flavor. Do you know your coat or in the United States you tell mine? Anyways. Yeah. So you'll love this rod on this note. I'm going to go into a show with a friend of mine. And she had a tupperware with two tablespoons of peanut butter in it. So you go through and the guys like, oh, can't have that. It's liquid. And I was like liquid. Drink it. It was really can't drink it. I go, well, that's not liquid. And he's like, well, it is liquid. And she goes, well, either way, I have to have it. She's like, I have a medical condition. And he goes, what? And she goes, yeah, I go high, but look, I see Mac. I look that her and he goes, oh, sorry. I'm in hand in a tour. And we took it through when I was like, this is good. How did it go? It's good. She goes, I just simply wouldn't know what that word meant. I was like, well played. Wow. This is a gamble. Yeah. Just took a shot real quick. I'm arguing whether it's liquid or not. I'm way off track. Yeah. Just like bring a medical emergency into play. So you know what it is, technically. It is technically a liquid. If you look at the scientific definition of a liquid, which is, as a liquid can take the shape of its container. Huh? Okay. A liquid takes the shape of its container. That's the definition. So something doesn't take the shape of its container. Then yeah. I think that's it. Someone can correct me. You know me. I just make this stuff out of it. It sounds good. No, I'm just like, perfect. So is a gel a liquid then? Interesting. Well, gel, though, isn't because it's already, you could take a piece of gel. A gel, those are liquid when you dump it in a container, but then when you take it out, it's solid. That's a, that's a, that's a state change. Oh, right. Here we go. Gel, sugars. Oh, yeah. Was that a time you get a gel, a shooter? Was the last time you guys did a gel a shot? Probably my first wedding. I've had a few. I've never had a gel a shot. Never did one. Never did one. Never had a shot. Never had a shot. I just went straight to like, not a few of the shots, few of the weddings. Yeah. No, it's like straight to like some bottle. No. But you know what sucks is? Anything sweet, if you ever drink too much of something sweet, as the end, the sugar fucks you. Oh, yeah. I've only been sick from alcohol once, and it was actually from, oh, I can't believe I've been getting this house young, sour apple puckers, which is like a sour out-bro jolly rancher, basically, in a drink form, or the pain, not good. I didn't drink to Kila. Like, I'm trying to kill myself and wake up the next time. I'm fine. Not that. So fun fact, but jellish is a great. I mean, I have you. I can't have one. You can just take a regular gel and do it just with jell-off. So you understand. Bam. Amazing. You can oyster more or less. Back in oyster season. So that's why I bring that up. I'm so afraid to be disgusting. I think I had a 12 last time. I think the last time I did jellish, I was like a bush party in the 90s. I don't know. There was probably some barn jell-be playing. I guess here it would have been really 90s, something going on. Something going on. Something going on. Something going on. Something going on. Something going on. Something going on. So I never did the chain to the wall that thing. That wasn't my thing at the time. I came later. Okay. That was like, I think, or sure in my era. Yeah. That was like something that I thought the chain to the wall that thing was like a skater thing. That's where I came. That was like skaters and motorcycle riders. Right. That was chain to the wall. Pump makes sense. Sounds like jell has one on his wall right now. He's running around the house. I don't think it's fast. That's good things. He's allowed. I just enjoyed it for that. Add in. Well, she's taken him for a little walk right now. So he knows that because he sees her like getting ready. So he's like, whoo. Oh my god. I'm going somewhere. Oh my god. I'm fucking going somewhere. He's losing it. That's awesome. I saw a guy put up a video at one point. So a while ago. But he would tell his dog, who's like, hey, going for walk. And the dog would start to lose. And he's like, go get your collar. And the dog would run away and then come back with a collar. And he'd put it on. And he's like, what we need your leash. And they'd run out and get the leash and bring it back. I'm like, this is the greatest trick ever. Put it on him and then take off. I saw a good real the other day. This guy had 10 dogs all sitting on the sidewalk together in a group, like, perfectly trained. And he opened the van door. And he named each one to go in. He's like, hey, Billy, Ted, go ahead. Dave, on. And like one by one, he put, he let each dog get on and they all just sat there perfect. And I was like, oh, man, I've jealous to that guy. That's like sometimes my dog gets one on this intuitively. You know, he still runs that place. I know. I know. I feel yeah. I tell Emily, it's her fault because she lets him get away with murder. Oh, I just froze. But he still, he was just good. So it don't matter. It's a good facial expression. So it's fine. Oh, there you go. You're back. You don't come food now. Did my audio freeze or just the image? We could still hear your image. OK. OK. OK. I did an episode of, do you guys know the muscle doc? Yes. Do you know the muscle doc, right? What was it? Yeah, yeah, I'll show you the muscle doc here. Let me pull up his Instagram. You guys are recognizing him. He's got a podcast and he does his podcast out of pure muscle and fitness. Oh, yeah, yeah. Jordan, chill. Yeah, yeah, yeah, Jordan, chill. Yeah, you know, Jordan. He's going to help that stuff. Well, he was just at my gym because he was in Vancouver for some seminar thing he was doing. Yeah. This is whole crew. So he said, hey, do you want to do an episode? And I said, fuck yeah. So we went upstairs in the gym in one of the offices and we set up his podcast stuff. And we did like an hour and a half. That's cool. Straight. And it went really well. It was a lot of fun. Which I found out. He was really, he asked me questions that no one's ever asked me before. It was kind of interesting. Like, it was very interesting. I had a really good chat with him. And one of the things I liked was how they started. I noticed it because like we sat down and started talking and they just sort of set up and like turn things on. And I realized after me in Jordan, we're talking for like five minutes that there was no intro at all. Like this was it. Yeah. Yeah. And because there was zero intro at all, you are just really conversational already relaxed. Yeah. Right. I mean. And I was like, and I remember about halfway through the podcast. I was having a really good time. Like we're chatting away. And I remember thinking, I wonder if they beginning of this is a big contributor to how relaxed I generally feel. You know what I mean? Because there was no like beginning or acknowledgement of anything going on. It was just me and Jordan. He's like, man, it just doing good because like they had already, they had just trained, right? Or whatever. You know, so they've been training at the gym for a couple of days. And so we just started talking. And the next thing I know, the cameras lights are all on and everything's going. And I'm like, oh, I guess we're just this is it. So it's full way to start. But yeah, I've watched his show before. He's good. So you guys can check it out. That's at RX. It's called like RX. I just got a, I mean, I like they need to got lots of their own followers. But if you want to send it to me after I'll drop it in the description, then we people can clean this one here. RX radio. Okay. So RX radio, see check them out. So they've got lots of episodes. And they've got a lot of guests. So yeah, anyways, I just wanted to show those guys out. Thanks for having me on. And it's Jordan and Jordan. And that is his business partner, Jordan. Nice. So, you know, really good guys. That's easier for me because I only have to remember a hand or forget one name. Just good. Yeah. And then this is the other guy that hosts Red White and Jordan. Really good dude. So yeah, they're great together. So I appreciate everything those guys did having me on. So, and the whole crew, we had a big crew of guys with them too. So are we doing YouTube questions or what? I have a question first. Okay. What brought on the no more flip flops or bare feet or crocks at your gym? What's the crocks part I added myself? That's it. So, you know, it just comes down to numbers and complaints and people not having any sense as to what they're doing. Like if everyone would just deadlift in their socks, we wouldn't have said a fucking word. But what happens is the deadlifting in their socks, then they walk all the way across the gym to spot their buddy in their socks. And now you got somebody staying in the dumbbell area with socks on, spot his buddies, do some 150 pound dumbbells. And then you got people complaining because they see a sweaty sock print all over the floor following this person around her, like this fucking gross. And then you get five guys doing it. And now five guys are walking all over the leg area going like they're not just taking their shoes off for their set. You know, that's the trend. Take your shoes off, do your set of hacks, whatever. But now they're just, their shoes are off. So now they go over and spot their buddy on the leg press and then they go over and super set with this. And now they're just walking around their socks. And then the kicker was I come in one day and two guys were training arms in their socks, like full on bicep workout in the dumbbell area. What? Just no shoes on. Like, fuck is going on. And then the best. I saw a guy come out of the bathroom in his socks. Oh, that was the end. I see guys get out of the shower and walk over to the urinal and pee out. And they're there barefoot. I about puked when I've seen that. I've seen that before too. And we have been getting because the gym is busier than ever. So the gym is busier than ever. And the trend of training in your socks is bigger than ever. And it's was compounding. So guess what else happens? The complaints get higher than ever. Oh, yeah. So now you got people coming up to the front desk to like, what's going on? There's like five guys training legs in their socks, walking all over the fucking place. It's disgusting. There's like wet sock prints wherever they walk. Yeah. And then that dude comes out of the bathroom in his socks. And it's like, OK. We're fucking done. No, mind you. I don't mind people walking around in their bare feet in the bathroom. But I just couldn't personally. I've heard the shower and shit. Like I would take it. But still. But what? Yeah, yeah. But like, still walking up to the urinal. You know, but like, yeah. There's, yeah, there's no way I would be like, no. That's just so good. And it's nothing personal. It's just like guys. We're running a fucking business here. Yeah. You know, and plus another thing is it's in the waiver that it's a liability. You have to have proper shoes on. Sure. That's why I want to make all the big changes. They don't make you wear your shoes because they actually care. They make you wear your shoes because they don't want to ever get sued by anybody ever. Yeah. Yeah. And, you know, people just have to understand that they, you know, oh, what about JP? JP owns his fucking gym and it's like, what, 3000 square feet. And he doesn't care if anyone's ever in there ever. Yeah. You know? Yeah. Only different thing. And then also to the junior house. If you look at like that Chris stuffin' is it Chris stuffin' the, that's Robert Matt scientists guy. Yeah. Yeah. I wanted to get him on the show at one time. He ended up doing an interview with him myself and stuff. He's awesome. So he's like the barefoot deadlift guy. He's like you. And he designed a barefoot shoe. Yep. Because he knows that like, gyms are just gonna let everyone just walk around and fucking bare feet. Right. You know? And then also to, I have to remind everybody, like, I don't give a fuck if you want to train your socks. Like, there's barefoot shoes out there. Like I went through that phase. A barefoot phase is nothing new. It started member 07 bent to call skewer in vibromes. Yep. Those are pretty cool. Yeah. And everyone was like, what's going on? Like I kind of credit like, I don't know who came before Ben, but then was the guy that I remember who was like barefoot natural movement of all the, blah, blah, blah, blah. He was like the guy that brought that into body building. It didn't ever, everybody got a set of vibromes. And everyone was trained in in vibromes. Because none of us, it didn't even darmon any of us to walk around their socks. Yeah, that's gross. Like you're at the gym, right? You want something? Sometimes I'm kind of shoe. Yeah. So we were all wearing barefoot shoes. So we went through it before. If you want to drink barefoot, you can barefoot shoes. You know? I'm so, yeah. You know how it is, Dusty. It's like, hey man, I don't mind if you guys do this or that. And the other owners don't mind if you guys do this or that. But then what gets what happens? Then all the kids start doing it. Now we have 20 people in there. And that's why there's, that's why gyms, I had to help a gym with this before where they were fine with gym bags. But then the problem was, guy started bringing in duffel bags, then hockey bags, then golly bags. I mean, the bags got, like I'm like, you have a dead body that you're dragging. And it's, they're all over the place. There's 82 members in the gym. And so I actually convinced that gym, I was like, listen, I think what you should do is make your own drawstring bags. That's the only bag you can use. It's got your logo on it and you charge 20 bucks for. So you can't carry any bag you want. That eliminates that option. But you can carry this one and by the way, it's $20. You profit. I mean, I was like, I would do it because I fucking hate not having my bag. So I'm good with that. Because it was. I mean, I literally watched it and you see people coming in. It's the same way I feel when I'm on the airplane. And someone's coming on, like, oh, this is a check-in. I'm like, that's a body bag. How are you going to bring that on? I don't need to check this. I don't need to check this. It's just a carry on. I'm like, that's eight feet long. It's the same in the gym. So yeah, that's why I asked. Because I knew something it had to have been a progressive thing. We did it. It is something. It's a one person. We just, I just had this, yes, we're watching a girl squat. And she's on the platform, which ours is like a new slippery wooden platform. She takes a shoes off, but leaves her socks on, like, whoa. It doesn't sound good. I was like, let's maybe bear foot this or leave your fucking shoes on. Just a thought. So I let her go on her own rest because I didn't feel like getting into it. But she survived. I'll let Ron look so angry right now. Please move me again. I think. So I kind of lost you guys, but I got what Dusty was saying. There was a girl on the platform and her socks and you were thinking like, that's too slippery a squat. Is that what you're saying? Yeah. Is that what you're saying? It's not a great idea. Yeah. I've seen people on that. Because we have one squat rack. Two squat racks have rubber mat under them. Which is like, yeah, you're trying to do that. The one squat rack has a wooden, like a wooden platform attached to it. So I want in your socks on that one. It's like, I would be trying to do that. Yeah. Guys, I come and buy a saw guys squatting in the socks once you squat in three plates on the wooden platform. And I remember just thinking like, oh fuck. You know, or a gym has to walk over and say, hey, I don't want to get sued today. Can we not do that? Yeah, so it's just like anything. The last thing we want to do is make rules. Right. We shouldn't need to make rules because everyone should just your head, but when things get out of hand and people in those trends, especially trends like, you know, when things get trendy on Instagram, watch out, you know. So we had to deal with a couple of guys last week about their tripods. You know, like, there's people in there that have one of those, we have members that have one of those little tripods, you know? Yeah. And they'll set it up to squat or deadlift or something. And we get zero complaints, right? Because they know where to put it. They put it somewhere where it's out of the way. Right. And they set it up. And it's on the short tripod or whatever. They wrap it around a post and they have it shooting. But then you get people that come in with like a four foot tripod with a ring light. Oh, God. With a ring light? You're kidding. With a ring light. I've no see. I stopped going to commercial gyms. But I've heard that more and more people have got their tripods now. So no, no, no, no, no, no. This can't be on the floor. Like ring. This is, you know, what do you think? Like 20 people get a ring one now. And then what? The ring lights the best, especially in your gym because actually the natural lighting and wrongs gym is so favorable. Yeah. Anybody who would fuck with that tomorrow? Well, so it just, it just like, have you seen that dusty? Have you seen people ring light? Because it's not too light. I haven't seen the ring light. But at muscle factory, it's becoming Instagram gym. So I'm not exaggerating when I say 50% of the people in there have their camera and a tripod and I'm talking like an actual camera. Like yeah, these people everywhere you're just trying to make. You're trying to run a safe gym where like, you know, it's a big thing that you have to factor in. And I do this too is me wanting to film my set is no one else is problem. Right. Yeah. So I had to adjust my thoughts on that too. It's like people are going to walk in front of it. Yep. Because it's a fucking walkway. It's not a video way. So try your best to put it somewhere where it won't be walked in front of a father's you. And that's about all you can do. You know, I mean, I don't actually use mine very much at all because I prefer Nikki films it and she's always in the gym. So it's a quick, you know, my sets are 26 seconds. There's no big deal. It's more in film this real quick. Yeah. Yeah. That's, it's the, you know, you don't want to make a rule. You don't want to have to make a rule. No, try mods. But, you know, but the, the rule should be you guys can do whatever you want, but we don't want to fucking hear about it. Right. Yeah. Like when you generate complaints and cause issues, then of course we have to do something. Like what do you think that, you know? So yeah, I know. It's, it's interesting. Interesting times. You know, I never would have thought that I never would have thought that like, you know, asking what people to wear shoes would be a thing. Yeah. You know, it's cool as you can with your, and I know you already have that with the shoes, but like in Lance's contract, it's stated in there that people are filming and you might be in videos and touch it if you don't like it. Because people will do that. I don't want to be like, as videos like I would do one of the contract because we allow that here. And it's actually like he has signs and then you dim now that say that it can be done. And obviously they do their best to keep it at bay. But yeah, in a world that's, me number one, he's on ASU's campus. So those are his members that are going to want to film that. You know what I mean? So you keep that out there. Because it is important. I mean, I had that other James where somebody come up and told me like, you can't film because someone might not be want to be in the video and I'm like, what's filming me, but okay, I'll just cancel the membership then because that's how we paint my bills. Right. Right. Yeah, that's fine. Yeah, that's all good. It's, it's, it's funny, you know, every business has to do what it's got to do for it's, you know, for it's all good. Yeah, one of your target. So yeah, anyway, a lot of yes, I knew it had to have been. I'm like, because you're not a rule person unless things are out of it. No, it's like something had to have went off. Yeah, I just was a culmination of like just constant barragement of the staff with complaints and us hearing about it and then asking people not to do it. And then they, you know, months later they do it again anyways. Right. Just that sort of thing, you know. And then just the trendingness of it. So then you get a bunch. It's one thing when the guys you know are doing it because you can talk to them, but then it's like all these new members, you don't even know who they are and they're walking around on their socks. Yeah. Okay, this is just, you know, if then you've had socks that didn't match, I would absolutely cancel their membership though. So yeah, yeah. And then it's funny because like I went on Instagram the other day specifically to look for socks like just in other jams. I was like, I just want to see like one of my scene and I saw them everywhere. And you're like every gym every gym is dealing with a certain level of this. It's either not at a control or it's going to be at a control or maybe there's only a few people at their gym that do it. So it's going to be deal. But you know, every gym is dealing with it at some level. You know, I'm so I'm don't hear. I bring a second pair of shoes to switch into during legs and then switch back into my other shoes. I want to be very clear when I take my shoes off to put on my knee sleeves. I am in a hurry to put my shoes back on. Right. Like, and I do one shoe at a time because I don't want my sweaty sock, stinking up the jam or putting a big wet stain on the floor. So I pull my shoe off, put my knee sleeve on, put my shoe back on, pull my sleeve up. Right. Like, that's me. Like, I can't imagine wanting to be in the gym without shoes on. Close my mind. And it was my fucking mind. It's like wanting to go to the mall with no pants on. Like, I don't even fucking get it. I don't get it. Like, I don't get it. I have this plan, right? You like totally, totally set them off. Just let's get it. Just let's get it. Just let's get it. We tell the truth came all the way out. You know, I just don't get it. But I think it wasn't. Well, yeah. And then, so here's the thing is, like, I personally don't like it. But I was fine with tolerating it as at a certain level because like a lot of the dudes that want to deadlift in their socks are like my buddies and stuff too. But then when the numbers just got too crazy, that's when you have to do something, right? Yeah. So I get that. I get that. It's not about me dusty. It's about the business. And I am the business. Okay. There you go. Question Scott, because I'm done with my thank you. It's good. That was really good. Yeah. Where was Robert Taylor? Ron's entire vacation. He, if they cut that whole chunk out by the way, this is still like an asshole. We're going to make that part of real. That's what we know about that. I don't just have to be 15 minutes. I want to be reminded for another week of a whole thing. All right. Okay. Robert Taylor now, I'm under the obligation out of try to make a better moment than that so that it will be the real. I'm going to put that because you got through anger on that one. Go ahead. He is a long time watcher of the podcast's older guy. So I believe he is over 50. And here is his questions slash comedy says, I'm still going balls to the wall for an upcoming show. First, one ever. What do you do when life keeps taking a dump on your path? Six weeks out. Which is the closest I have ever been. But life issues are starting to raise its head again. How do you deal with the frustrations if you have to pull out again? Hmm. There's so many questions I have. There's so many possible answers depending on the variables. So it's going to be really tough one. Yeah. Just like the hard love way, you know, like maybe the issues are all because you are good at prep. Right. Right. Hey. Like you get too grumpy, too irritable. And then everything seems like an issue. That's one possibility. Wait, one second. There we go. Good. Now number two, you got number one through. Oh, you got that, eh? Yep. Yeah, we got number one. Hey, miss. Give me one sack. Tell that man to get out for life. That's what it was, is that? Because she came in and I heard the dog. Yep. Yeah, she came in and then it got slow. So that's the wife I think. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Stealing all the energy again, Emily. She's stealing all the energy. That's what she's doing. Stealing of wife I's attention. Okay. Well, that made a difference. So the wife I's like that level of quality where it's like one device. Yes. Okay. So where was I? You do the first problem. But I could be as follows. Yeah. So it sounds like every time it gets close to a show, the issue is appear. And that sounds like it could be wrong. But it sounds like maybe he gets unable to deal with the other things because he's so when golfed in the prep. Right? Or just coincidentally, all the stuff starts happening to him when he's close to a show. So it's one of the two. But right? How do the first? Well, we know which one is more likely, right? So maybe he needs to ask himself. Because he's like overstressing himself. Some people just can't handle prep. They're just in their heads so badly. Like, oh my god, I look like shit. Oh my god, I don't think that's six weeks. Oh my god, like they're really, really like that. And it makes it really hard to get the other stuff done. You know, maybe it's just a mental approach thing. I mean, I don't know. What do you guys think? I'm not agree with 100% what you said. But let's, I'm going to assume the fact that it's just the universe landing this way. Yeah, okay. Let's do that. So let's say that that's taking place. The thing that I have found in success and in life is that right before you reach a goal, I find that you're tested the most. It's kind of like, in my opinion, the universe is way of making sure you really want what you say you want. Because if it's pushing back and then the thought process is to quit, then maybe you don't want about enough. Because I have found in almost everything I've done that's been monumental to me, there was typically something that would take place. And how you deal with it determines the success or failure of that moment in life. And I would hate to see someone never reach something because you've said again here because things are in the way. There will, yeah, if you're thinking that you're ever going to get ready for a show without some shit hit in the fan, you're out of your mind. I think the difference is when you're living normal life and you're eating and there's nothing else taking your time around a G, you just handle shit hit in the fan and keep moving whereas right now the initial thought is, oh fuck, I don't have time for this. I got to do this. I'm already stressed out. It's tired now. I'm going to handle this. It's like, no, just look at it, handle it, move forward. I think that we've any high level bodybuilder can share a story or 10 of a shit show that took place during prep. Absolutely. Yeah, yeah, I guess that's great advice. Yeah, calm down. What do you think Scott? I was going to add that you never know like just kind of what you're saying to us to be like, you never know what it's going to be, but every prep, there's going to be something that you didn't expect that's going to be a really difficult to overcome. You know, I mean, I've had a couple of preps that didn't have that and when it happened, it was amazing. But I pretty much expect that like you plan for any disaster to possibly happen, but there's going to be that one thing and you don't know what it is, but you expect it to happen and being able to overcome that is part of being able to be a competitive bodybuilder. That said, I think that if he's repeated this, he was like, am I going to have to pull out again? I can tell you that before I had ever competed, I tried to compete and I didn't have the insight and I didn't have anybody helping me on my side and I didn't have, I didn't even have the know how of getting into incredible shape. I just wanted to do this and it did not end up working out. And a lot of it was like my own life, I figured out a lot of things. In fact, I had to get recovery and get my life straight now and when I was able to do all that, then when I tried it, I was actually really successful at it. But I would almost wonder if it's been a repeated thing, then what about your approach isn't working? You know, like, just because you're really knuckle down this time, if you have an approach that's going to, like, I would say my thought, my suggestion would be, okay, let's say it doesn't work this time because I don't know and I can't help him on that. But I will say that if you do, if you can't do it this time next time, just focus on getting in shape first. Don't even worry about a show. In fact, if you can't make it for this one, hopefully you've kept the gear low, you haven't been like burning the candle at both ends and taking everything you possibly can. Like, just getting to shape. I think that one of the things I've tried to do with clients who have never been in shape before is let's just get you in shape first and when we're like eight weeks out, when we can see, okay, we're getting close, then we pick a show. It's a lot more stress to have that date, how do you looming? Yeah. And then be like, let's hope I can get in shape by then. You know, so it's not like, you know, you have an Olympia contractor or something and, you know, you got to be at the Arnold Classic. Like, just keep dieting. You know, keep dieting and getting shape. If you're on a bunch of gear, you can come off of that. I'm sure that he's on TRT at least. Go back to TRT, keep grinding, keep dieting. You know, eventually you'll be able to get in shape. That'd be my thought. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, it could be the approach. You know, it's like, it's the, the old thing like, you know, you bang your head against the wall endlessly, but don't search around it all and there's a door like 10 feet down. Yeah. And you can say, like, man, every time I try this, I try so hard and it just doesn't work and I just can't sustain this and it just falls apart. But maybe that's why, too, just the approach. There's no shortage of effort. I say that a lot. I see these people in the gym that are training really hard. But they don't seem to make any gains. Yeah. And sometimes that's just a misdirection of energy, you know. Right. All right. I got a fun one here. Uh, questions, two questions. We'll just start with the first one. See if we can get through that. Because there are a lot of questions. What's the most awkward, hilarious, or weird date that you've had been on? Oh, dusty. You got to give him for this? I have, I have a, I have a shared story which I think I don't know. If I've shared it here before, but I'm going for it. Because we've got 100 in God, most of the episodes. We're doing it anyways. I've never had any weird date things because at my age 700 years old, you kind of know who people are before you go sit down with them one-on-one. So even a bad date wasn't that bad. But I did have a girlfriend that she went on a date with a guy and she told me he'd been bothering her to go on a date for a while. And she finally was like, fine, and he said, all right, well, let's go to this steak house. And she was like, whoa, it's an extreme start to a date. Like, it's like a five-star restaurant. She's like, cool. So she goes and they sit down and she said the date was, okay, it wasn't going great. It wasn't going bad. And then the bill came and he opened it and he closed it and he slid it across the table and said, I don't have that much. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. And she's like, that's amazing so that she being the type of person she was picked up the entire tab because she was too embarrassed to even take the step. And I said, you know, although I know you think you took your feminist stand, I think that might have been his move. I've not used on this before. Because you don't pick a place like that, where it's 70 and 80 hours stakes if you don't have 500 bucks in your bank account. So yeah, I don't know that was a, like, I was so happy. Still the store that was like laughing in her face. I'm like, this is the grit. I want to meet this guy. He should probably come over to my house and hang out. I just had the visual of him opening it and closing it and just stoffly sliding across. Like I love the arrogance of just you got this sweet heart. So yeah, it's crazy. That's that. I don't have any of my personal ones. How much you guys? No, I told the one story before I went on a date with a girl and she got like hammered. Oh, yeah, remember that. Yes. Like hammered. And I was just like, oh, that was an interesting date number one. Yeah, you know. What's behind door number two will never know. Well, she was like, well, why don't you meet me through a drink. And I'm like, I don't really drink. But, you know, I was a young body builder. And I thought, well, you know, I'm not a drinker, but I'll go have like happier and like, you know, hang out with this hot check and just see what happens. Yeah. You guys are all frozen, are we doing? I can hear you, though. Yep. We're good. We'll just give it a minute to catch up. We hear you. Okay. So, so yeah, so even though I'm not like a drinker and I don't typically go to the pickly go out for a drink with anyone. I just went out for a drink with this chicken. I ordered a drink and it was like going well. Like she was like, we're laughing and she's having a good time, but she's pound double gins. And like she goes like four or five double gins. Deep and like we didn't eat. Like, I think we went ahead and happier something. But like it wasn't, you know, we weren't like eating a big meal. And I don't remember, I don't remember eating much anyways, but she's fucking hammered. So I just remember thinking like, oh, well, probably not like my type of check. If she's just going to get a bomb out of her face on the first date. So, that's just freaking to paying for the alcohol. And I'm not sure, probably. So you got, you got the same move that she got. Interesting. You know, play, you know. But she was just thirsty and you were the payment method. She became a lawyer. Make sense. Yeah, yes. Those lost students who just boozer. They're just like, and then later on in life later on in life, I met like way more lost students. And I was like, oh, they're off. Double gin, right? Yeah, I got you. Yeah, double double double. Yeah. I had to cover love for them. I'm going to tell one, that one of them would be like a little bit more recent. So I'm going to tell one that was from a long time ago. I was, I met in both cases, they were somebody that I met online. And this one girl she was just like, it was just like randomly, I don't even know how we connected. But we both were into photography. And we kind of had like a similar aesthetic to our work. And it was kind of like dark and weird. I should have known, you know, that there was something up. But she moved to Anna. Right. She moved to Anna. Right. She moved to Anna. Right. She moved to Anna. She moved to Anna. She moved to Anna. She was like from Iowa or something. She moved to Anna, and our bird in their graduate program there. And so we ended up deciding to meet up. So I went out with her. And we met in downtown Anna, and we were like, we went, I think we went and got some coffee. We went to a coffee shop, and we talked to stuff walked around a little bit. And then she was working on this project, this, that they involved audio. And then she needed to do like these little interview things. And so she offered, she was going to interview me for this thing. And the equipment was back at her place. So we, we got in her car because it wasn't far. And, um, but what was it? I can't remember what happened. But she wanted to run in the restroom or something. And there's, it's really hard to find parking. Keep in mind, there's a long time ago now. But it was really hard to find parking. She, she was like, hey, there's this coffee shop at the stop sign here. She was like, well, you take my car. I'm going to run inside, go to the bathroom, and you know, you drive around the block, and then pick me up. And I'll be all set. And I was like, yeah, sure. So we do that. I go around the block and I went up like three streets. Because I figured like, it's a girl. She's going to be a minute, you know, and all of this. So I went up like three streets, and then I turned around, you know, went around the block and I'm coming back into my phone rings. And I look at it. This is like before taxes even popular. And she was like, hey, where are you? I'm outside. And I was like, oh, well, I decided to take your car. I was like, I was like, you finally fell for my ploy or something like that. I had, I said something like I had orchestrated this whole thing. So that if you get away with your, you know, you're 91 Honda Civic. That's like all rusted out. And I was like in it, and you, and it worked. And I was like, don't just around the corner. I said, I'll be there to say. And she, by the, I didn't even get to the park where like I'm just around the corner. As I was saying that, she just started flipping out. She's like, what are you talking about? What have you done with my car? And she just like literally melted down like melted down. And I was like, whoa, there's a lot of drama for someone that I have literally just met in person for the first time. And I literally like pull around the corner. And she was like, live it. And I put the car in park. And I got out of it. And I just kept walking. I didn't say I weren't. I didn't say I weren't. I didn't say I weren't. Oh, wow, that's the headphones. It's a smart play right there, though. Yeah, that was the story. I just kept walking. I didn't say it weird. I just like turned in life. I think it's psychopath. Yeah. Wow. Oh, that's funny. You, you ever hear Jim Jeffries stuff early stand up. He's got a great story. We'll get in a ride from a girl at an acting class. And horrible. He, he's such an asshole. If you ever watch, he had a TV show that went like two seasons, I think. And he turned the story into an episode. OK. So, because it was one of his favorite stories ever. So he turns it into an episode so you can watch it. But I want to wreck the story. But basically, he was at a connecting class. And he's got an Australian accent, right? So he's in LA. And he's at an acting class. And he needs a ride. And you know, L.A. So crazy people give rides. You know, like, oh, where you headed, or you can drop me in long beach or whatever. And there's just girl leaving his class. And he's like, you know, he really needed a ride. And she's like, well, I can drop you there, like, half way there or whatever. And then so they get into the car. And she's like, I need your driver's license and you need to call my mom and give her your information. You know, because it's like a security thing. And so she, she like calls him like, hey, mom, you know, here's his name. And like to all that stuff. And then she gets it back to him. She starts driving. And he goes, wow. He just made this rape really awkward. Oh, God. She didn't laugh. She didn't think it was funny. And oh, she liked lost her mind and dropped him on a bridge. And he was just like standing on a bridge. Oh, God. But he's such a fucking, but he, he turns it into an episode of his show. And it's like one of the funniest episodes ever. Because you know what's coming, right? Yeah, yeah. That's amazing. You know, that Australian that really like twisted Australian, you know, yeah, the real dry has. So, wow, it just made this really awkward. So yeah, she didn't think that that was a funny joke, you know. And he talks about how that was when he realized, like, certain words, they're like way more like, raging in America, like how they use the word tongue. So that's amazing. Yeah, that's sort of stuff. All right, I got another one for you guys. This one is from Nick and he says, could you guys talk about your different preps over the years, your different starting points at each prep trends that you notice, trends that stopped anything that comes to mind? So maybe if we thought about like one particular prep or something, you know, like he said, you noticed over time with your preps, just we'd take it in a lot of directions. I think one trend that is easily, I can easily take it out. I did 20, 24 shows. It makes pretty even more than that. And if you, if I look back through all of them, the ones where I was mentally just in a great spot and fresh and energized. And you know what I mean? The ones where I was really like excited for those were I was the ones that were the kind of the resulted in the best look at the end. You know, and also too, I feel like I had a lot of success when I was lean and clean starting my prep. You know, I felt like that yielded a better look overall. You know, there's the odd exception, like some prep drop the lot of weight. It got rough fat and still came in ripped. But for the most part, yeah, just the less extreme sort of like, I don't know, but mental approach, huge. You know, I had some tough years where I was going through a lot. And I was like, broke, like, I, you know, those early prep. So now as in my 20s, or it's just working in the bar and like, you know, like, there's a lot going on. But the ones where I had it really together, usually the best ones. But that's pretty much, I mean, for me, life and prep's were always pretty similar. I've always kind of lived groundhog day to the best of my abilities, just how I prefer to live, which made bodybuilding very easy. But what I will say for advice that I think a lot of guys miss on is financial preparation before prep. Yeah. I don't think you should start a prep broke. I think you should have, I mean, seriously, like, I don't think people think the end. But I don't think there's a lot of plan that goes in and saying, I want to do the show. Well, if you're in a position of life or your tight, then pick that show with enough time to put yourself in a financial position to make it possible. Like, have $2 or $3,000 sitting there additional because things happen. Not just the prep, not just the drugs, not just the food, not just the travel. I mean, all that's real too. But things pop up during prep as well. And you drive none of the rodeo flat fucking tires. So we're going to box. Like, you can't be on a shoe string and add the additional stress of finances on there. I feel the same thing about relationships. Like, if you're about to enter a prep and you're in a rocky relationship, either end the relationship, fix the relationship or don't do the prep. Like, you're crazy if you're going to enter a prep in that space already. You just, you can't be there. So those would be the main pieces I'd look at. You know, Ron, you said something a while back about putting as much focus into your pre-training rituals. As you do your pre-training drink. I think the same can be said about beating in preparation for a show. You know, financially, mentally, emotionally, and also physically as far as like, you said about being clean. Like, I love guys that run in a 20 week cycle and then take four weeks off. And then I'm like, oh, I got to start prep. I'm 16 weeks out. I got to go on. I'm like, you should have planned for that. That cycle should have been cut off at 12 weeks. Yeah. You should have been clean as hell that whole time, but you didn't. So there's a lot of preparation that goes into before the prep begins, that I think most people miss. So if you want an easier prep, think about those things. That's really money. Money does buy happiness when it comes to prep. And anything. Prep is true. It's so much more expensive than you think it is. Because I just remembered like $30 for this. Okay, $30 for this. Okay, $30 for this. And when you're not making a lot of money that all adds up, and then we need another, how much is the tan cost back then? It was well, you get a bottle of it for $30. But oh, shit, I probably actually need two bottles. So there's another $30. You know, and it's like, how much are your trunks at the time? They were $30. But like, man, that keeps going. And he's going. It's true. I remember in 2011, Chris had me eating a pound of cooks salmon every night. Yeah. So that was like 20 or so ounces raw to cook into a pound that I would eat every single day. And I don't like farmed anything. So it was fresh salmon. I don't even know what it costs. But it was a lot. And that was daily for I want to say six weeks. So, you know, that's what I mean about the preparation for those things. I remember when I used to think that it was the drugs that were expensive and you get into buy that and you're like, oh, drugs and cheap food is expensive. Yeah, got it. I remember that year I made the jump from the cheap tuna to the white album, Cortina. Ball in. Yeah. Yeah. And then I stepped up from like the cheap, generic bags of frozen broccoli to the florets, the little gourmet made. This is the broccoli florets. Like, ooh. You know, he went to the checkout and she's like, Ron is made it. You're going through the checkout and you're looking at the other party builders and they're buying the cheap tuna and you look down at your white album, Cornea, like, oh yeah. Yeah. On that guy. I noticed that after the first contest, it was never as hard for me to get into lean shape again. Like, after that first time, because it was really a struggle for me to get shredded. And then after that, I got leaner than I had before and like the detail looked better. That would be a trend I would say is that I was able to continuously get like, nastier nastier looking every time that I competed. I have a feeling because it's been a few years now that it would probably not be the same, but I was competing like every 18 months. So I never got that far out. You know what I mean? I was never in that far away. But I think I did notice that that was one thing. I also noticed more progressive joint issues through about you building every year. You know what I'm talking about a trend? My elbows hurt more. My knees hurt more. Yeah. Yes, Malin. Someone asked me the other day. They said, what was the first exercise you lost? As you go over? That's amazing. It's a great question. Yeah. And I think the first exercise that I lost was straight barbell pressing. Right. That's kind of like the first thing that I just had to give up on it. I remember even like into like 2012, 2013, I would like go into the jam and get on the incline barbell and I'd want to start with that still after all those years. I still want to do some incline barbell. And I remember just they can like, these feel so fucking weird now. There's just so many things wrong with me. Like, like, you know, fucking this wrist hurts and then a sharp pain shoots into this shoulder. And then this fucking, just you feel crooked on the bench. You know, my body doesn't move like this anymore. And you go, go grab the dumbbells and just, oh, there we go. You know? So it's just things like that. What about you? Do you guys remember like losing an exercise or just deciding? I'm done with these now. Like, oh god. I'm trying to think. There were, there were extra. The only thing that I realized I had to do differently was actually when I started getting a lot stronger, I had to do the things before getting to those main movements. So like, you had no one before I could hack squat. Like to open everything up, open up the hips, open up, you know, every part of the body before you go. And so that used to be a part of my warm-ups was 120 lunges before I would start training like that just got things moving. You know, I was fortunate because I didn't really start losing exercises until I tried to die. And that was that. So that was a different man. Yes. You're reborn like John Snow. Exactly. I don't remember this. You're like it as well. I did an air in singer men impression because I don't remember the impression because we were talking about Luke and Aaron, one of the pictures, I'm going to try to think how I did it. He was like, oh yeah, you were saying like that. He was like, he was like, hey, let me something. He was like, hey, Scott, Scott, let me get take one of the scop, take a picture for me. I can't remember how he did it. He was something like that. For me, I was a big brother. I wrote a little here. Yeah, yeah. Was that it? Was that good? That was pretty solid. Yeah. I can't remember that. Yeah, that was in bad. Yeah, it was in bad. Before you leave, let me get a picture with, let me get a picture with my athlete. Yeah, there we go. Yeah, I didn't get better in your warm-ups. I'm warming up. I'm getting to it. I'll have to maybe have to practice. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. All right. Oh, here's another comment. Was, uh, because I said on that at the one of the last episodes, uh, I said it's not just body building. Is it finally a name for the podcast? It's accurate. The next step. It's just a podcast. It's just a podcast. It might be taken already, but it's not a bad idea. Yeah. And someone, someone did ask me, what's your show about? I heard you have a podcast. Is it just about body building? And I was like, ah, that's okay. This is a really long story. All right, Brian's got another one for us. He says I question for the next show for all three of you, please. Um, what is one thing that surprisingly did work for you and one thing that surprisingly did not can be anything in body building diet, training, subs, or life slash business related. Thank you gentlemen. Oh, I'm trying to make these are surprising. Did work for me. He just wondering. Okay. I know what that did. I thought was surprising was the very first real body building prep I did was with JJ Marsh. And he made me funny. I just said this, but he made me lunge laps around the gym three laps. I have no idea how far that was, but it was a lot of steps. Every single day. And then as the show got closer, I think this might have been an old school thing. Maybe it was just a him thing. Um, but I would do three rounds of lunges that I would superset stiff leg dead sets of 20, sumo dead sets of 20 with the same weight and addoctor sets of 20 like all on a row and then start over all on a row and then do it again. So three sets of all those. And that was every single day. And obviously, I think we were using just like a three to side. Like was it like just like 135? I think I might have done like one, I might want to one 85 by the end because you just get the condition to do it. But really exaggerate. Like what do the sumo dead, it was more about driving the hips forward and firing the glutes. You know, same thing. The the stiff leg, it was firing the glutes forward, the lunges. And it doesn't even really make sense to me. But I remember realizing when I came down like the amount of detail that I had in my lower body was absurd. And the whole time I was doing it, I mean, I just I never hired someone in question what they were doing. But I had a lot of other bodybuilders that were like, why are you doing that every day? Yeah. And it was one of those things where at the end of the day, if nothing else had burned calories and I got peeled. And I also am not sure if maybe the the mentality was more about the mentality. Yeah. Just go wash it was part. You know, old school boxing coaches make you do stuff just because it's mentally hard, right? That's a run. That's what the road work at five a.m. is. Yeah. Right. So that's why I felt like it was some of that stuff was was mental stuff. And it makes sense because then for the rest of my career of bodybuilding, I never thought it like I never looked back at a prep was like, this is so hard. It was hard. But it was just you just do it. You know what I mean? Like I hear people describe what they're going through emotionally with perhaps and I'm always confused because I'm like, I've been way harder than you. And I never went through any of that. Yeah. Like, yeah. You know, because I think that that was again, possibly part of that was preparation. And then I guess the other part is just the fact that I never lost track of the fact that it was a privilege to do this. So you know, so that's I guess that was surprising, you know, and of course, it's something that I have used a couple of times on some clients that needed to burn more calories. Right. You know. Yeah. So that that's something I've done. But not often and I never did it again. And I have been in better shape after that than I was with it. So yeah, who knows? I need to piss. I'll be one minute. That does work. I need to just, I'm trying to think Scott or something that didn't work. Everything always worked for me. I'm dusty and, yeah. We know what's funny about it. Like for real, is I feel like when you work with when you're bodybuilding correctly, everything does work. Because if you do something and it doesn't give you the result you're expecting, you have data and you just move on. You stop. Yeah. Yeah. You need to move on. Yeah. Because you don't, so there's no time for like, oh, that didn't work. If anything, that tells you what might work. Yeah. Yeah. And we all know that there's preps. One thing that I think people get away that they screw up on is they like to keep the data from a previous prep for a future prep. It's all. This work last time. I'm like, don't mean shit no more. It's good to have it in the back of your head. But yeah, you can't, you can't rely on what we're going to do this. And I think early on, I remember learning how to grow muscle. But I didn't see a lot of information on how to cut. And I think, I mean, I found the basics and I understood what carbs cycling was, stuff like that. But I didn't understand how to apply that and how to continue getting lean. And I think it's because it is going to be, you know, it's going to be something that you have to continue. It's going to continue evolving. I don't know. It's going to be just for everybody. You can't just say like, all right, start out with 200 grams of protein, you know, and 300 carbs and add from, you know, take away from there. Yeah. Exactly. What did I miss? Did everything works for me? Well, that one of my favorite lines old friend of mine, Dan used to say this. He would say everything works and nothing works. True. I was like, that's like the deep philosopher bodybuilder lying, right? Everything works and nothing works. And I remember just thinking like, yeah, you're right. Sometimes what you have to do is the thing you're not doing. And that's the reason it works is because you're not doing it. Yeah. That's the shock. What's our son Scott is like, I think it's hard to describe what doesn't work or didn't work because anytime you had something that you attempted in a prep and it wasn't going as planned, you immediately changed it, which means you don't even remember. You didn't do it long enough to say, oh fuck, that didn't work. I have an example of something that didn't work and did work for me high intensity training. I tried it. I tried DC training and I got hurt like every time I tried it, it didn't work. And then guess what? Later, it worked. I wasn't ready. I wasn't ready for high intensity. And I'll tell you what, I have a, I have a, I have a, a Ronism, a pet peeve of my own here. I got my own, I've got my own soapbox. You know, Ron gets like worked up. He's excited. He's about to get you out of the fucking clip Ron. Here we go. Here we go. I'm going to, I'm going to, yeah, but seriously, this is a thing that's been kind of irritating South the right word, but it is something I've been noticing is that right now, it is so, so popular to do a top set back offset. And I see so many people that are not at a point where they can harness the intensity to get everything they need out of one set. There are so many people I see that should be doing four sets per exercise and probably we do in like 16, 20 sets, 16, 20 working sets, but they're doing like three or four. I guess what? They're also not making any progress either and they're not going to make any progress. And that's not to save like, oh, well, you're not hard core enough because you don't know how to do that. You just haven't been doing it long enough. You know, I think there's an element of needing to needing to train doing enough sets to figure out how to build that intensity up enough. If you can finish your top set and just get up and walk away and have a conversation instantly, you know, like if you're not like gripping and you know, like if you're not trying to like bring yourself back to the point where you're human again after a top set, you're not, you're not pushing hard enough to be able to say that your workout is all hinged on that one set. Like it's got to be the most brutal intense thing that you that you've ever done into the point where like you physically. Yeah, but to be yeah, to get that it's like you have to train hard. You have to it has to be a Dorian like set and if it isn't that's okay, but it just needs that you need more sets than if you want to grow. I just that's been a thing I just seen so many times where people don't able to harness enough intensity yet they're still doing the top set back off set. I don't know. That's my thought. At least it's one solution. One solution is you could do more sets to make up for the fact that you're just not there yet and with time maybe it'll make sense. I don't know about for you guys, but for me I was doing multiple sets and then it got to a point where I was like, you know what I really got everything I need out of three sets. I don't need to do four and then eventually it was like, you know what I really got everything I needed out of two sets. I don't need to do three. It didn't just like it wasn't just for me at least that's the way it worked, you know. I have the same in reverse because I have a torn labor right now and because I'm retired, I've just decided I'm not going to fix it. Oh, because I don't need to at least not right now. It's not an emergency. And had this happened earlier in my years of bodybuilding, I wouldn't be able to get good workouts because the only way I knew had was heavy a shit. So if it wasn't brutally heavy for a certain number, you know, for a rest pause or whatever, I wouldn't have been able to step back and say, okay, how do I make this tax the muscle beyond belief? While protecting the shoulder and making sure it's not the focus of the movement. Now I'm destroying myself like chest is getting beat up brutally, but it's because I can I've found where my elbows need to be. I'm going to have six count negative, a full pause, but I'm also going all the way to the stretchers. I never used to do because I didn't need to before. Now I'm like, okay, I got to stretch some muscles far as I'll go now. You know, there's a lot more thinking into it and then I'm looking in the mirror and I'm like, oh, my chest is starting to look like it used to when I was doing this with 455. Only now it's, you know, at best, three, 15. You know, so there is something to say about like you were saying about time because again, I was extremely advanced, but it was a one trick pony. Like if you were able to take that away, it was like, oh fuck, because the answer was never going to be for me do more sets. So it was like, how without weight can I maximize these two max three sets? Yeah, you know, so there's nothing wrong with what, you know, by point of that was just there was nothing wrong with accepting you're not there yet. Yeah, I think a lot of people it's an ego thing. I'm hard core. I didn't say you're not hard core. Right, you're just not there yet. You know, Ron has said this to me before in conversation just about that intensity progresses over time. Like you were intense when you were first training, you were going as hard as you knew was possible. But five years later, that wasn't intense. It's your at a new level. And I feel like that progresses over time just like anything. You stretch the mind, you stretch the body, you understand what it's capable of doing and you realize that you haven't hit it yet. It is so well said. That's exactly what I'm getting at. It's and it is something where I and I guess that's something I would just like to encourage. I feel like on the content with the channel, I really do try to try to push the idea of being as intense as possible. But I also want to say, you know, the other side too, that there are places to add more volume if you need it. If you're in an even late spear, he's done a really good job this past year growing as legs. And I had asked him a while back, like, well, what did you do different, you know, in your offseason, and he had said that he added more volume. He was like, his tense as I think I am. He was like, I know I'm not door-in. You know, and he was like, I knew if I did like maybe a little bit more volume that maybe I could make up for that, you know, so good. That was my soapbox. Did I do that? Did I do that? I did not do that. I did not do that. Number one. Okay. I was tried. Now you were, he was warm and fuzzy. Brought hates people that don't or shoes, he hates them. No, no, no. Now that California isn't a thing, do you guys think Texas will have the next Venice Beach or bodybuilding culture hoard? No. No one, well, we have the internet. I mean, I'm serious, but that's, that was what it used to be, as you, you had to go there because that's how you went to be seen. Mr. Olympia can make a, or not, Mr. Olympia, Mr. I'm the best social media guy in the planet can do it from his garage. Yeah. Wherever that garage is and we will never know where the garage is. So it really doesn't matter. You know, I mean, I understand the idea, but I think it's past because there's just not a need to do that. But I think more and more guys are learning that, and I've definitely learned is you don't need all the shit you think you need. Like, I would love to go train at destination or some of these places and enjoy all the different equipment, but at the end of the day, I need like a Dorian Jim. I need this, I need the 13 pieces that I choose in a barbell and some dumbbells and wait, I'm good to go. So I just don't see people moving their life to do it because you just have to move. Like, if you wanted to make a break in bodybuilding, you had to move, you know. But now we only have further from you to continue success. Like in the past, I mean, like, well, I got to move to Vancouver that's remittance. That's where they film. I should move to Canada. Right, right. Or you, I know you mean like when bodybuilding was smaller, it concentrated itself in order to progress. So everyone went to Venice, you know. But now, we got what was probably 20 different Venice around the world now that have their own culture. You know, you got, you know, a Francis, you got destination, you got dragons there, you got buy-in-ass over and Dubai and oxygen, Jim and Kuwait and you got like, you know, you got ultra flex in England and you got all these big, you know, big awesome gems that are at their own culture and and, you know, you don't have to move to Venice now. You just have to go to like the city closest to your town. You need to be around a bunch of other people, you know. But that's crazy too, it's like in some place like Arizona, for example, I mean, some of the, there's some of the best and really well-known pros that don't train the same Jim that live 30 minutes away. Sure. I mean, Dennis James, trains in London because he lives in Glendale, you know, and all the guys that come to see him are there. I live in Scottsdale, I stayed over there. It's 20 minutes away. But there's no reason to drive to a different Jim because they're there, you know what I mean? It's, it's really changed and I think people if you, if you start looking around, I bet you a lot of people that are listening to this can think of their couple of pros that train at their Jim. Yeah. Yeah. You know, he's totally named Jeremy Poppin trains in our Jim and he's one of the best men's physique guys or he's got a insane physique. I don't know if you know that is Scott. But if you look him up, he's bonkers. He's with Seth's company, Axon Sledge. I don't. I know what I mean. And it's a small, I mean, we're in a little last town over here. I'm like, I looked over one day and I was like, hold your shit. What are you doing here? It's like I live here. Oh, weird. Why would two people live here? You know, so yeah, I don't think it ever has to happen again. Yeah. Yeah. I talked about this on that podcast with Jordan that I did on the weekend. You know, like we were talking, you know, I said, I didn't want to sound like an old guy that was like our generation was better because everyone, everyone takes their generations better. That's a trademark of every generation as they age. But I just said, you know, I don't necessarily need this stuff to be replaced or come back. You know, I'm just happy that I was a part of it. And I know things change and things are probably never be like, you know, rock and roll will never be just like it was in the 90s and gold's Venice will never be just like it was in the 90s. And you know, everything changes. And I don't need it to be the same. And I'm just feel like I'm lucky. I got to like experience the era I did. And you know, hopefully keep the stories alive and the history of life for the next generations, you know, that's all. That'd be something really cool. Come along. You know, that's fine. Oh, yeah. He's incredible. That's been set me this picture. Yeah. Yeah. It's nice. That is crazy. Small town USA right there. Yeah. Yeah. That is crazy. All right. I had another one here. One year where we're running low on questions on this up. Yeah. It was to be then I got to go after this one. We'll do one more. All right. I haven't been able to bring my deadlift back up since the pandemic. When the gyms locked down and I couldn't go. Question is how often should I be deadlifting and along with deadlifting? What other exercises or techniques can I do to develop a strong low back? That's like I don't know. I'm not. I mean, I don't even it sounds funny because of course, because I sent that picture of my things all slow. Yes, your frozen. Can you hear me? I thought you were confused. You're like, I don't understand. I'm just going to talk though. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Now, I'm not talking leave it so as you can hear me, but here's the thing. I actually don't feel qualified to answer because what I did was I got strong deadlifting by deadlifting. And my low back was strong because I just did everything that would make it strong. I did RDLs. I did deadlifts. I did high rep dead's for hamstrings. You know, just up and down real quick with like 405 for sets of 20, but I don't know that that's the right answer for anyone else. You know, so I look at it as what I would my recommendation would be the same way to get strong with anything, which is very your numbers that you're using. I hope you're not going to try to do one every day. Go in there one week and do sets of six to eight and a set of eight to ten and then next week, you know a few sets of five and next week three sets of three and then back up. There's the only thing I can think of because I really think that when you get into like straight power lifting questions, I'm like, is much as I am strong at that. I'm not qualified to get a really good answer. Yeah. I feel the same way when people ask me strength training related stuff. I just it's not it's not my area of expertise or so many power lifters out there that could like give you a 20 minute answer for that question. Which it's kind of like I guess them, if I could leave if I could leave us with one thing, it would be that I talked to a few people this week about we see a lot of coaches giving complicated textbook sounding answers to stuff that they really have no business commenting on from an expertise level. You know you'll get a guy who's a coach maybe he's one a show like a local show or a state show or whatever. It doesn't matter. Place the nationals wants or something. It doesn't matter but it's good coach maybe his clients are good and he's good coach or she's a good coach. But when they give an answer to something they try to sound like they just stepped out of like a biomechanics class. When you know we should leave that to like can we leave that to Joe Bennett? Can we leave that to like can we leave can we leave the technical cellular metabolism questions to Lane Norton please? Because you're not fucking qualified. You know like I give all sorts of bodybuilding advice as a bodybuilder from your perspective using my voice. Yeah. But I don't co-opt some some actual experts voice on mortgages and then start giving mortgage advice. Well you see the government recently passed the CPD but the one percent and then this is going to happen and like no no like I'm not an expert. Yeah you know so that bothers you know you know that's my thing I don't know. You guys got wrong to rant again. When it looks good that's good. Yeah I know the state of wheelhouse like like I said I have so much respect I appear frozen and hope I'm not. We are. I have so much respect for this fuck man like the coaches I'd worked with because I feel like I was lucky enough to work with coaches who said I don't know. Yeah and then I learned from that like Chris Chris is the ultimate example Chris is I don't know like a lot and I have a ton of respect for that because he still gets crazy results. You know so you don't have to pretend to know everything to be successful. In fact it's a good way to close. Okay how choppy was that was I all broken up? No. You clear? Okay guys like share subscribe comment. Bring the bell. There you go. He just hangs out like yeah I hangs out like a drummer that just went for that last just that little bit of a stall. You play like behind the beat a little bit dusty I like it. He's lagging too so that is lagging too which adds to it. There you go. Okay I remember Dusty 20 big run 20 on iamutin.com Equal discounts both codes work everywhere that the site works and yeah like share subscribe. I'm going to comment. Okay we're done.