What's up guys? Welcome back to Muslimines with Scott Stevenson. I'm Scott McNally. All of our programming is brought to you by Truentutrition.com. You can use our code, thank for some additional savings and great supplements. Hit me up if you want to ask about flavors, anything like that. If you're in Canada, check out SupplementSource.ca. You can get blowout deals, close out products, short dated label change, all sorts of good deals over there. Also brought to you by Patreon and listen, I appreciate the hell out of everybody who has been supporting the show over there. This program as well as all our programs are brought to you by this book, be your own body building coach. You can go to bbyobbbcoach.com and you can put this up on your shelf like I do because it makes you look like I have fancy, nice things. Actually this is a great book. I highly suggest to take anybody for literally 100 bucks or 60 bucks for the ebook. You can literally do your entire season, your entire year, yourself all the way from planning to off season to getting on stage. Scott, what's up, man? Someone says who's your coach? You just pull the book out and say this is my coach. Yeah, I just kind of know the brain. Yeah, my own coach. Actually one of the topics, one of the topics for today, I think the more we're going to lead with is covered extensively in the book. Talking about essential amino acids and brain tissue amino acids, protein synthesis, et cetera. Yeah, it's like huge, just a monstrous. And you know what? We're speaking of John. That was one of the topics, one of the things I miss about John was getting together and just, you know, we do videos. He doesn't say anything with everyone but for his business or everyone. But it's just when your topic is there, what should we talk about? Yeah. Like one of one of my favorites was literally, I think we got to a training and he's talking about Mark Dougdale, had been doing sonas and he started doing sonas and he likes like, I literally don't want to hear about him so much. I'm like, like, well, I'm about to write an article about him. Because I really about him. So I wrote an article with a song, not Doug Dahl. It's been up for a little while now, a few years. And this was a topic like that. Okay. He's like, what's the deal with Branch Chieno Acces and Essential amino acids? Yeah. Because Branch Chieno Masters are such that they're like one of the the biggest old school supplements. Oh, yeah. You know. And that was it. You're rooting to this question we had gotten in the previous episode, which by the way, guys, if we use any of your questions for the show, they get entered into a monthly contest that training tradition is helping us with. It's got. Every question we use from YouTube or from Facebook or from Patreon, I'm entering them into a raffle. And if you win, you get a three pound bag of proteins. So I'll be using a random generator to pick one lucky person per month. And yeah, I thought that was kind of cool. Them to do. Yeah, that's very cool. So have you tried the cricket protein? Just not to get it too far off. Does he still offer that? I know it was a thing for a little while. I don't know if anybody bought it. I have a bag, but it was sitting. I got it to try before the pandemic. Yeah. So it's been sitting for a while. It's been in the heat. So I think not be so young. Me. I just wondered. No, I have not. But here is the question, though, that Scott was mentioning. Question for the next episode. What does Scott think of BCAA's versus EA's? Scientists say BCAA's are more important because of M. Thor activation. On the other hand, I've heard John Meadows recommend EA's or do amino acid supplements matter at all if enough complete protein is consumed. Okay. Yeah. And I forgot that John was mentioned in that question because John had sort of suspected the EA's. I think just from kind of experience and sort of made sense. And then I helped clarify with the article that I wrote, which I then expanded upon. So here's the deal. There's such a really fascinating, I think. This is a, I haven't really gone into it because I knew we wouldn't want to spend too much time on the area. But if you look at what happens, and this has been attested, like literally one of the essential amino acids at a time, the most important sort of the king at the top of the Hill is loosing. That's one of the branch-tuning amino acids. They're named that way because of the chemical structure. In particular, that our group is called the part of the amino acid that's not the amino part that could be stripped away and then used to produce glucose is readily available in the branch-tuning amino acids. So one thing that happens, one reason I feel like I've got to use BCA's, because we know that during endurance exercise, you preferentially oxidize the branch-tuning amino acids, because they are very good fuel sources. So you see those stripped away from muscle. So you're in that scenario where you're working out, you're starting to carate out, you're fasted. And if you go really, really high in exercise intensity, I've seen that I think up to close to 10% of the energy can be derived from amino acids in a fasted state. So they're going to take the BCA's to prevent that. And you can, some degrees supplement those branch-tuning acids that would be derived from your skeletal muscle with what you're taking in. So that's part of the detail. The big picture, if you covered many times before, I believe, essential amino acids are the ones your body can't produce, and you'd be taken from your food. There's some conditionally essential as well. But those nine essential amino acids, the body is very, very smart, and those are the things that are necessary in order to really initiate muscle protein synthesis. Because those are the essential supplies, the components of building the house, on our quintessential construction site, the muscle cell, and without it, you're going nowhere. You don't have what you don't have the nails, you don't have the tube, I force to build the house, you have to have those things. The other amino acids can be produced, they can be salvaged, perhaps. You still want to have them all. If you just take essential amino acids and nothing else, you'll turn on protein synthesis. The system is set up to, okay, check, check, check. We've got all those EAA check boxes in line. We can start the protein synthetic process. But if you don't take the other, if you just took EAA's all the time, well, I think eventually, you're going to have to come up with amino acids to build the muscle somewhere else. So you go too far, and this has been studied Church Ward, then is the name of the first author on this paper, really good one. You'll end up shooting yourself on the foot because you don't, you're protein synths will turn off, you just don't have to be able to do other. So, the essentials are essential, they're the ones that trigger the protein synthesis, the looseene, the branch chain, looseen, the nice, looseen, those with the three branch chain amino acids. Loosing does the best job of turning on protein synths in terms of magnitude, and then if you look at some of the downstream, molecular signals that get evoked, looseen sort of stands alone as being pretty important. So it's kind of like you get your deliveries of all your essential supplies for turning on the construction project, and you're looking for kind of looseen to be on the package label. Oh, it's got looseen, a good good good. It's going to be looseen? Yes, good good, ready to go. Here's the thing though, because, well, let me toss this out because it's kind of an important point. There's actually a, I found a meta analysis on this, it was done recently too. There's actually a good amount of literature, the meta analysis supports this idea, that branch chain amino acids do indeed, in other themselves, you just take those, reduce muscle sornus. So that fits with the idea of reducing muscle breakdown, because there's deploying those branch chain amino acids. Part of metabolism that happens when you're in exercise situation, let's say without the branch chain amino acids. Here are one of those for there. There's a branch chain amino acid dehydrogenase enzyme, basically, that is the sort of the rate limiter for breaking things down. If you feed the muscle branch chain amino acids, you will tend to turn that on. The system is highly regulated, but the branch chain amino acids turn on proteolis as to some degree. So while you do indeed reduce breakdown and reduce sornus from the branch chain amino acids, just feeding the branch chain amino acids tends to increase turnover in the muscle. In doing so, you can shoot yourself from the foot and that you don't create a scenario where you've got positive protein balance. You turn on protein synthesis, you turn on breakdown, you can actually go the other way around. So just the branch chain amino acids is sort of like, I'm going to use an analogy, I'm just coming up with this. It's like you send in that big, powerful world, but would normally be, because you wouldn't find just a source of branch chain amino acids in nature. The system is going to set up to think, someone's trying to trick me here with just the BTAs. Normally, you've got all the EAs, right? Yeah. So, your worker start getting the work and they're like, it's almost like you're trying to pound invisible mammals because they haven't got the essential amino acids. And there's nothing's happening, there's just expanding energy. So you set the system in motion. This is very generalizing, not being very specific, intensely with the bio-optimistic degree. But you set the system in motion in a way that has some effects, which of course would contribute to the seablo effect. If you've got a reduction in muscle sornus, that is something that you notice specifically, that's something that's pretty powerful effect actually. That's something that could lend you to think, to get you to think, hmm, something going on here. And once the placebo effect, well then you can just roll with that. You only need a couple of exposures to something that you know because you've been very consistent, you've kept everything the same and you've added and taken out the branch chain amino acids. It's something going on here. I just notice that I don't feel so wiped out. I don't feel so sore from my workouts. But in terms of muscle protein synthesis, you're not going to get much out of that. In fact, it goes the opposite direction. There are only two, there are only a couple of studies. And the first time actually, there was demonstrated that you'll get an increase in protein breakdown. What's I believe in 1995? These two studies were with branch chain amino acid effusions. They were even oral. And it was showing the negative effects. So we've known this for a long time. Somehow BCA is to sort of slipped in, probably because you've got all those bits and pieces that get to broke down preferentially if you don't have incoming food, insulin to inhibit this or branch chain amino acids or another protein source. It sort of slipped into the idea, like, yeah, we need the branch chain amino acids. We don't want those to break down. We don't want to catabolize our skeletal muscle into being like you just take BCA's. And once you start spreading an idea that idea was spread, especially if it's got an actual physiological effect, like it does on muscle sereness. But the problem is you haven't got all the tools that you haven't got the other EAAs in place. So I found a, it's a kind of, an idea that you haven't changed to go and check all of these references to double check. But I'll just read this, this is from, they sue as a Santos at Al. I say to branch chain amino acids and take muscle protein synthesis in humans, a biochemical review from 2019. And this is very, very interesting. So there is a study that Bob Wolf had apparently missed in his review, but. So muscle, I'll just read directly from this because it's, it's, it's, it's, it's be sure to the point of muscle protein synthesis synthesis response to isolate intake. 5.6 grams of BCA's, we'll perceive a following resistance physical exercise was recently investigated human junk fitmen within four hours muscle protein synthesis was 22% higher in the treated group. Remember that's just protein synthesis. That's not what happened. That's not what is happening with overall protein breakdown. We have this issue of increasing breakdown. But protein synthesis is 22% higher in the treated group as compared to the placebo group. In spite of statistical significance, this increase was six times lower compared to muscle protein synthesis of similar duration in response to the consumption of way protein containing similar amounts of breached in amino acids and essential amino acids. So you compare it just the BCA's with a whole protein source, like way, with the other essential amino acids. And you're getting six times the increase in protein synthesis and there are three studies that are cited there. So which would you go with? Given the fact that basically you can almost as much protein as you can get down, it's not going to cause fat beef. So that's if this calorie is just like spill over if you would like somehow be risking from let's say 50 grams of protein getting 120 calories loaded into the fat cells. Doesn't work that way. So you're getting more protein synthesis and you're avoiding the protein breakdown that comes with the chest feed and the brain routine amino acids. So the branch chains will help with sornus but these are back to another important concept. Is that you may want the sornus. You may want some of those some of that breakdown to happen. Not everyone uses this terminology but here are lots of people now getting on the idea that you have got an opto a lot of training that you want to do after we're volume, opto efforts, some people can do 15 sets and leave a few reps in the tanks. Some people can do like they can only do with seven or eight sets in a week let's say and but they just like go bonkers and just take every set in failure. Maybe add some intensification techniques. So you go beyond that and it's too much. So you may be getting this effect on sornus in a scenario where you're taking the branch chain amino acids just in hypothetical situation and it's reducing your sornus and you're actually getting a negative protein balance out of the deal because of feeding the branch chain amino acids turning on the degradation. You're reducing the sornus so it's lunch and you think, maybe I should just do more. So now you're training, then as you're optimal because the BCA's are having that effect. It's a different mechanism but it's an effect that is similar to taking an unskilled amount of time flamotory or to using a mechidos of an antioxidant like vitamin E or vitamin C and those things can reduce muscle growth because they inhibit the the whole inflammatory response or aspects of the signaling that comes in literally to tell your muscle cells there's a disturbance in our and our homeostasis. We've got some inflammation going on. There's a need to remodel in in particular to remodel hopefully with with muscle growth in mind. So you start inhibiting the the the aspects of those the stimulus from the treating session that you've had. You're going to end up inhibiting what you're actually trying to invoke you want the stress you don't necessarily want to have zero sornus necessarily. So that's a potential issue depending on the person's lot of variability there but basically if you look at the data the branch team to me and I'm so super important there's no doubt if you just if you even had to say the which are the most important of the EAA if you'd say the BCAA's and then the logical leap that you take is like I'm going to just use the BCAA's you know maybe I want to cut the you know 15 calories I get from Jacob full of those of EAA's. No you just take the BCAA's and now you've gone too far because your system isn't the system isn't set up to negotiate just that input because it doesn't have all the building materials required for the building but that sort of signals the building and it turns on breakdown in a way that would normally helpful if you if you want to have the accumulation of muscle protein you're going to have to have some breakdown as well as some some growth there's actually an animal model a transgenic mouse model I believe where they've I think it may be that dehydrogenase and time that I mentioned they've eliminated that so basically that the animal has very little muscle breakdown and you don't get muscle growth in response to the animal models of muscle growth you just you need to have some breakdown so yeah if you just you know blunt everything by you know having no breakdown from a training about doesn't make any sense you got your remotely the whole thing you're trying to build a bigger house you need to knock down some walls you can make bigger rooms more myofibrals larger myofibrals etc etc etc etc so the breakdown needs to happen there anyway that's that's my take on the BCA's it's it's an interesting and that's still sell because they do have that effect and you know and the thing is it's also a smart let's I mean it's I'm not trying to like you know speak disparaging about someone used the BCA is there if it's working for you it may be just fine it may be in a scenario like these these studies are where someone is fasted having any food for 10 or 12 hours and then they just use the BCA's yeah it may be that someone has eaten a meal before they train a lot of people like they weren't even bothered when the train if they haven't had two or three meals they got those other amino acids in the bloodstream already so then they take the BCA's they're taking looseine there may be an effect there that they're having just in that there there's there's a there's a turn sort of retry and I haven't seen the study directly but they may be retry green the proteins that synthesis and they don't have these mutations in terms of the EA's because they've got a meal with a complete protein and that they took in around half of our training so there's no problem and now they've got a placebo effect they're taken they're they've got their free workout ritual and part of that is BCA's they've been taken you know since day one or since when they first won their first show or got their pro card or whatever it may be yeah and yeah do that you know because that that system works you know that's then that that may be very different than what's being tested in some of these studies where they've got very particular conditions that are set up chest to that evaluate the scenario where you're fasted postive sort of you take in chest BCA's compared to whole protein source so can't just take the sciences they all that applies to me because it very often might not a lot of things that are done in in studies are just proof of concept which is what these studies basically are very few some people might get up and just take BCA's when they do morning cardio but many people who take it as you know pre workout or they they bolster their their intro workout with BCA's maybe no issue because very different riddiffin scenario than what what's going on the studies I mentioned yeah so I remember my first the contest I I used BCA's with my AM fasted cardio and I I believe I was taking like 10 grams and then as the prep went on I was running out so I started cutting it down to five and I didn't really time it out too well because then I ended up just playing out running out so I went from 10 to 5 to none with my fasted AM cardio and I saw a noticeable difference in how fast I made progress and of course the diet had changed along the way too so it's not like that was the only you know variable to the to the the mix but I started seeing myself getting leaner faster as I took less and I saw myself actually like really getting lean fast when I had taken them out altogether I definitely for me at least I noticed a difference and so I'm kind of hesitant because I used to think to myself like oh there BCA's they they it's almost like they they they didn't have calories they didn't have to worry about it I I saw it as being this thing that wouldn't have any impact but then I discovered that it I think it may have had an impact yeah it's interesting I don't know I mean you're right it's first calories go that's that's nothing calorically yeah it's 40 calories you know when you had you had your full dose yeah there may be a little incidentally but then we're going back to this you know the insulin theory of you know fat loss which you know that's a whole other whole other cano worms yeah that's fascinating you know the the thing is like to some degree you've if you've got something that's working if it ain't broke don't fix it yeah you know and it's almost you just have to start when someone's starting out you just do whatever one else is doing right you know you're looking people there that are successful and then you try to mimic those things or parathost things or or simulate what they're doing as best you can it makes perfect sense the real question is whether you should use EA's or BCAA's yeah and you know in a scenario where you've got nothing or you've got those two choices I go with EA's yeah if you have the choice of the whole protein go with way you know go with the whole protein source that's you know it's complete that's got you know the high biological value or you know that's an animal source of protein basically I think the thing is you look I'm sorry I a little timing issue with our Mike say yeah yeah progress going it's just if you leave you breathe down the cost of the EA's that you get in way versus just EA's you're getting basically the same it's usually with cheaper last time I did it if you go to true nutrition for instance you can you can check that out so you're paid for the isolation of the EA's and that's like what you're not getting the other I mean you're asking so when it's in a source like I mentioned before in a situation where you're fasted you want those other amino acids hmm won't necessarily make is not going to make a break you but imagine if all you did was take EA's you'd have none of those other non essential amino acids coming in they're going to have to come from somewhere else in order to synthesize any protein that you might be turning on the synthesis for with those EA's some kind of real body proteins but eventually you're going to you're going to have been a protein deficit so to speak because you don't have those non-essentials really calories of course to make all this happen we talked about that a couple podcasts ago but so you'd want the whole protein there's really I mean there's very little scenario I remember John for instance one time when he was he was really pushing down he's tried some different things that we pushed down for the last time I think the light heavy and except for maybe when he did the article classic and looked just like outrageous where he really had to push he may have done this a little bit then to you know people would have just protein only you know protein of edges you know for a long periods of time he was he was doing like I mean essential amino acids in between his meals partly just like have something to do I think partly that they try to try to at least keep protein synthesis to float to some degree and and even like just to cut cut down on calories just like just a little bit just a wee tad I don't know that you know he probably would say I probably didn't get difference but you know sometimes just having the right I think there's something to say for picking a strategy feeling like you're in the driver seat doing something even if it may or may not make a difference because then you have a sense of control as opposed to and your diet all your eyes your diet your teaser cross I am running this ship right where I want it to to the finish line as opposed to imagine if you had no idea like you're working with a coach or you know all your sources of supplements and foods are just completely top-seater you have no control whatsoever he sends that oh shit you'd be stressed all the time that's not a good place to be for it is always not a helpful thing in the survey amounts when you're dieting down so sometimes it's better to have maybe you know a plan that isn't physiologically perfect so to speak but one that you believe in that reduces your stress levels the crusade so as possible effects get you like like I'm going to do one of my workout I know I'm honored by this supplement that supplement this strategy and that strategy I'm doing all the things to make sure I can train as hard as I want to and I'm not going to like bury myself an undo you know I'm going to drop two pounds of muscle during this workout where I'm on really little calories because I'm doing all these other things so it gives you a sense of security so to speak to attack your workouts and what you need to and do the other things that you need to to make sure you're your successful as possible so there's something to say for like doing what works to do what you believe in even though you know it may it may not be the smartest thing from a physiological scientific sense necessarily yeah yeah and I know we talked about this before if you were to use EA is there a a certain amount that you would say it would be a was a enough but maybe not too much because I've I've experimented with everything from five to twenty five grams of EA and I know that like going up to twenty five was probably a little bit on the the high end yeah you can get an effect just from six grams okay similar other stage which just using six grams I think if you take to go and check the numbers I think if you looked at like what you might get is it's interesting if you look at just the muscle protein synthesis you know 40 maybe for a big person fifty sixty grams of whole protein pretty much is top to out you're not kind of getting anything any more more higher doses of protein there's even it's actually a Bob Wolf who wrote the nice review from few years ago on on EAA's that I referred to earlier he's got some interesting data like on a whole body protein synthesis that's the kind of shows like that doesn't seem to be any whole plateau there like you just taking take a more protein of course that's not true you know you can look at that sort of metabolic data here's the thing that gets people you look at some of the whole body metabolic data on like increasing protein doses and what happens with protein balance and it kind of suggests like you know the sky's aluminum or something like that yeah but we don't have to have the case you look at Jose Antonio stuff with you know 3.6 and you know like massive amounts of protein and the one study it was like a thousand calories almost on average for an average size bodybuilder per day of extra protein and there was no muscle growth now they did they did and there's no change in body composition compared to the other group yeah and but they so didn't add bad fat but it didn't enhance muscle growth anyway they didn't combine that with massive amounts of food there's a there might be a difference scenario where you took someone and put made them put them into a massive caloric surplus such that they may be getting a good amount of fat of the total take that same study and then and then add another thousand calories of carbs on top of that or a mixed macrodiet so they're put them at like instead of 3,000 calories put them at 4,500 we probably get some fat spill over which you have plenty of energy around to fuel the muscle growth haven't seen that study done that's in one 010102 episode 1012 we talked about nutrition yeah and some of the the massive feedings like those are the studies that you have a hard time getting people to commit to a subjects because there's so many that eat so much food those are hard those those have an adherence issue because those are brutal you know just take some pills or drink a supplement and you know maybe you can tell it's there hopefully they've hidden it so there's no placebo effect but take a study like okay we're going to we're going to overfeed you consistently for the next three months and you know you get drop out from gastric distress you know all the things that happen when people just don't want to bulk bulking is very difficult yeah so you do like a true bulking study and you do this in a scientific context where you like tip like the way that it's done obviously with coaching most of the time not not almost does this is that you add calories given the feedback you're getting how is the person strength changing how you know you don't want to gain like three pounds every week you know that's too fast yeah you know almost every situation let's you're like you know you're just putting on water like in a few days after a shower something so you tie treat things you you adjust things you know in a very individualistic manner well if you're going to test a condition in an overfeeding study like that you have the the question is if we take this very specific approach and apply it to our sample from this population of highly resistant strain body builders what happens and can we say that if we add 2,000 calories to their caloric balance diet that they get X amount of muscle growth and we've also added an extra 100 grams of protein something like that so everyone has to do that and for some people they might grow like weeds they got good genetics based on you know how far they are along their lob diminishing returns spectrum like I had they grown you know only 10 pounds since they started they have a lot more left in the tank because they you know really have an air push to food before maybe there's someone who's already put on 70 pounds you know and for them to get two pounds of muscle is like just a miracle so you end up with the scenario like the like the studies that we've talked about here it's also in one of one of those one-on-one or two one-on-three where they the first study they looked at frequency of training and they saw those no difference it mattered two or three or five times a week and they looked at the individuals and some people did better with higher some people did better with lower some people just grew like weeds some people didn't grow with either so you're answering a different question with those group studies as opposed to what might work best for the individual so so anyway as far as the protein goes I think I lost my trade-a-thon at too many times it's an original question I'm just taking it all in yeah so oh as far as yeah your question as far as the central amino acids once you get to the maybe like you know 10 or 15 that's what you're going to get in a protein dose of you know maybe 60 something like that 50 to 70 you're already at a protein dose that's that's plenty to maximally turn on protein synthesis I got you where we want to rise talking about this whole body protein synthesis idea and the limitations of the studies because there aren't studies that just show like what if we just massively bulk someone's lots of protein while they're training you know there's like there's the studies that we talked about but that's just about it there's like three okay so the essential amino acids in a dose of you know let's say 15 grams that's plenty to turn on protein synthesis and almost all situations if protein breakdown is very rarely measured it's methodologically very difficult to do so that's kind of the assumption is that it always is about one third of the protein synthesis I believe that's the number that I've read is that they sort of based on like two three studies that they just sort of presume that's the case it's sort of that sort of presume that's a constant but that's not been in in skeletal muscle but it's not been assessed regularly across a range of the protein intakes to know what the true protein balances there's just kind of underlying assumption so it's hard to say whether you know if you took in 25 grams of essential amino acids if that would have a differential effect versus just six like on protein balance that's what matters you got breakdown in synthesis so whether you're in a positive scenario positive protein balance or negative protein balances what matters so 25 might be you know that's good insurance you know there might be the effect on breakdown I don't know so that's why body voters do this they you know they they figure out you know what might make sense and they just add a little insurance they take a little extra the course in terms of protein with healthy kidneys and this scenario the calories are minimal if you go from let's say 10 to 20 that's an extra 40 calories something like that you know it's not a big deal it's probably not going to hurt you except maybe in your wallet so it's not a bad a bad thought but the data aren't there that that I'm aware of to dig in and say oh yeah like when you you don't get started having a massive effect on limiting protein breakdown until you get you know up to 20 grams of essential amino acids okay and the thing is you you don't necessarily want that because you want some protein breakdown and some stimulus for protein turnover so that you can continue to have the remodeling from your workout the difference would be off season versus trying to limit that breakdown pre-contest so I still think that the protein we know this pretty solid we need to get whole protein and someone's dieting down they're in a chloric deficit there's even a pretty cool so short study from Stu Phillips group where Ash knows with women and there's only like four weeks maybe but they loaded them with loaded them up with like oh guys was it three three or four grams per kilogram so higher than that like 2.2 is sort of the upgraded the range that comes from various ways of looking at what you need when you're training in terms of protein but they were dieting down they're in deficit and these women actually grew muscle while they're in a really severe they're in calories a day it was like hitting it was it was it was really wrong I could look it up real quick but yeah it was a rough color deficit so the whole protein still a a better choice you know unless you get like unless you feel like you know you're you've got you're being blessed by unicorn when you use essential amino acids it's supposed to whole protein um then yeah the whole protein is the way to go it's just what your what your body set up to to metabolize it's what's it's what you know the system needs in terms of all those amino acids there's just there's very little reason and this goes for also like studies this is in my book and on the article on John site it's just to like try to soup up your protein source was with more protein with a start with more essential amino acids if it's if you're if you're taking an vegetarian protein that makes sense but you've got a whole protein a complete protein with good amino acids score then protein digestibility corrected amino acids score let's say that's what is for a long time been sort of the main way of evaluating protein value if you've got a good score you've got a good animal source of protein then you're not really doing anything and you're taking it off yeah you're not really doing anything you're kind of like um you're splitting here is like what if I took in 15 grams away protein and then I added like six grams of yeah it's look hey I was thinking it already you know like what did the advantages well it's the advantages could be a placebo effect just like ooh I got to be the evil scientist like I could together this perfect pre-cont or pre-training ritual of this this this this this this I only do this I got every supplement known in mankind I had a someone message you had to form to like to be a few weeks ago now and he's like I need help like there's almost like you know he stood up at the meeting he said you know my name's John and a bodybuilding supplement addict you know yeah I mean the business like I'm really like you know you're like exactly that kind of phenomenal source yeah you know there's literature suggests all sorts of things can be effective so you start with that you know yeah that and like that and next thing you know like holy shit I'm spending just like a lot of food and both of those exceed my rent like what's going on here I've gone overboard so I mentioned this in regards to just supplements in general like like heart care supplements those sorts of things is that if you look at like so let's take you're gonna take burbery and curcumin and risveratrol and you start adding all those is eventually end up having overlapping mechanisms so kind of a plan so you're with a whole protein source and essential amino acids if I take in way protein which has essential amino acids in it and then I take in essential amino acids to get essential amino acids is this like she's just taken where way protein or just use the right amount of way protein yeah well because it feels cooler to use a bunch of little things but you do got to run and you got to watch out for the fact like I'm just you know it's like I'm I'm using a nail and I'm using a screw you know and yeah both do the same needs of you know they're basically holding the board down you don't need the use both types fair enough influence fair enough yeah all right listen so I know you had a couple of the things here that you'd picked out from the the previous episode we one of them was elevating the bed during peak week I know we talked about that not too long ago had down tilt is there anything you wanted to to brush up on with that one I couldn't remember because I talk about these things you know we did yeah we talked about it not too long ago we did a whole segment of on it but about you know what I've got one that I didn't I didn't mention to you it related to left ventricular vs gives me left ventricle hypertrophy and it was from one of our patreon guys not sure if you have anything on this and if not we could always come back to it but basically he had found he had some mild left ventricular hypertrophy six four two sixty so he's a big dude and he's been doing bodybuilding for the last 20 years the doctors told him that it was minor and that it would be expected for someone to hit a size blood pressure while on cycle has never gotten extremely high 140 over 90 in the past but now he's been using a little bit of cialis at times five milligrams and he got his doctor to put him on tell us martin and he said that his blood pressure is 105 over 70 and he adds at what reading should someone cut back on blood pressure medication assuming the person feels good and doesn't get dizzy. I always say a question for his doctor. True yeah so it's the interesting thing is that I don't see this mention to us so it's like this is a big barriers repeating just like he mentioned he's got it like a bigger person should have a higher blood pressure. It's typically what you'd see if you look at like you know you can imagine the blood there's some variability across species but the blood pressure in an elephant is going to be a heart of the blood pressure in a mouse. You're going to you're going to you're expecting those things you know so there's some scaling with the body size it probably scales with body surface area or something like that but in terms of the tissue what we're concerned about will couple things you got your kidneys and then you've got also the theleons as far as cardiovascular disease and those sorts of things that are associated with having high blood pressure. You don't want to be if you if you have larger person it doesn't mean like I use a truck example you know you get an F 150 you get an F 350 and they're going to have different size leaf springs and different size suspension on them because there's a bigger truck. If you're a human that's 100 pounds versus a human that's 300 pounds it doesn't mean you get kidneys that are cooked differently like the the two different trucks have different size leaf springs. You still get a pair of kidneys that there's going to be bigger kidneys but the working parts in those kidneys the glomeruli are going to be the same and the filtration in the glomeruli it's going to be the the same the Bowman's capsules everything else that goes into the how the kidney does its job is going to be the same and the end of the union that you have generally speaking it has you know very abilities because of their genetics but you still got human and the theleon tissue in your vascular chair and so one of the issues is that you can just stretch your kidneys out of the high blood pressure kidneys are they're sensing this and producing running in the part of the running the angiotensin system a dosage room system and also if you're someone who's got high blood pressure and you've got shitty blood lipids part of the mechanism whereby you're going to get a claw or atherosclerosis is that you've got more blood pressure driving the blood through the system and you've got these lipids if you got a poor lipid profile you've got little you call them like you used to use the term microtairs you've got inflammatory process that can happen there because the blood's constantly rushing through the vasacature and the cells and all the components the proteins are any of the inside the blood is banging up against the inner tube that vascular endothelium within the blood cell and you can get plaque plaque he streaks laid down there which can then basically become sort of kind of a scar so to speak you get infiltration with macrophage you can find some really awesome figures online demonstrating the whole mechanism is there involved there but the greater the pressure you can imagine which which hose is going to have the greatest wear and tear it imagine this hose is pumping concrete let's say so there's you know it's pretty rough which's coming through the hose a hose that is under high pressure or hose that's you know just sort of like pumping out an easy and easy great yeah so the higher the pressure the the greater the stresses the physical stresses and in that environment of inflammation being generally inflamed and the wrong kind of lipids in terms of those those fatty streaks being laid down you end up with a scenario where you can have a clot formation you have an ants cardiovascular disease when you get you know there's actually the sort of craziest pictures or studies where they've taken um they use macaxe they use other primates not humans and they give them an atherogenic diet you can look up like macac or you know simian and then atherogenic and you see like literally like you know the the controls have like they look at one of the arterial vessels the coronary vessels and the controls look like this and then and maybe there's like it may be a little thin streak like nothing there as far as atherogenesis and then the ones in the atherogenic diet like you know the basically what humans who die on macadons and and typical you know standard American diet it's like a little bit of a hole for the blood through yeah they've got some major inclusion there that's where you get that you know as she and your in your heart so anyway he's a big guy he should have hired lip pressure because he's just because he's bigger but that doesn't necessarily mean that it's okay to have a higher lip pressure because he's still got the same vascular endothelium that other humans would have so lowers got to be general and the that epidemiological data tell us this without it out it's so variable though is to whether someone's going to end up getting atherosclerosis or be at a risk for a heart attack based on their blood lip and those sorts of things you don't I've looked for this and almost I'm not going to conspiracy theory here but I've looked so many times to try to figure out statistically and maybe someone out there has has found this was a study that I've just missed or review or something if you look at like your major factors for cardiovascular disease so being overweight, high blood pressure poor lipids family history would have you family history's going to take up a big part of this but if you eliminate that and look at the things you can your controllable factors as they're known what percentage of the variability in risk for heart attack or a cerebral vascular event a stroke deep vein from brosus what have you what percentage is accounted for by those factors so can we say you know if we know these things we can predict 50% of your of the variability in risk among individuals I think it's a relatively small amount there's a lot of which just happens or we're not quite sure why who necessarily it's probably genetic you know if you're crappy crappy diet if there's things you can change and the extent to which can change those varies kind of like you know why do some people grow so well as bodybuilders well they've got genetics for it there's a bunch of things go into it you can take any two clients to put them on the same diet and like you're going to get highly variable results from individuals so back to his question then the main thing with low blood pressure is going to be your risk of passing out you know I have to look this up but as far as I know there's you know as long as your your blood pressure isn't a physiologically functional range I'm thinking speaking out not as a as a doctor but as a physiologist so I'm sure physiologically functional range then meaning you don't like like I had a I had no friend years ago who used to have low blood pressure she'd have she'd have low blood sugar too but everything was kind of low and probably because she'd like work all the on the non-drink anything especially get dehydrated because she didn't want to go and peek because she was so busy you know yeah yeah yeah yeah the situation she's like she I think she's working at one point behind a desk and she literally was only customer service person there yeah so she literally should as my as my mentor Dr Dudley would say it sometimes I want passing the hall you know we're both kicking asses doing this thing and I'm doing my thing and I'm like I said what's happening doc he's like to busy to take a shit I love it because he says it to mehrewent you know and sometimes there'd be like you know students walk by her on tour you know and they'd be like I'd say what's all right and that's what I said I said hard Dr Dudley and he said I said that's Dr Dudley he could be my teacher and you could see some of the students be like like oh fuck yeah I'm going here I like these people yeah some of the parents were like we're paying for this yeah I think that's in state tuition you know anyway um so as far as low blood pressure goes you know that's that's probably you know my blood pressure tends to does it tends to run like yeah like a hundred over sixty okay um you know something like that like actually even it's even it was like 80 or I'm once I took it and I was this was when I was probably at least 242 50 yeah and I was measuring my own blood pressure which I'd done for years but I was preparing for a lab exercise this lab measure my own blood pressure while is writing an exercise bike at rest and and I kept on measuring it and I'm like the damn cuff is broken just the right size this is the big cuff I need this cuff and my blood pressure was like seven over 45 oh really crap wow and I was I wasn't like you know feeling like a film a woozy or dizzy or anything like that so he's probably probably okay but check with his doctor that's he mentioned a sea Atlas um and like my anger one of the things you know with biagro why is it actually you know causes that's one of the side effects particular is low blood pressure people like you know starting to faint that sort of thing yeah um during I mean the only I can think of other sort of throw out is that if you I haven't seen this as far as resistance exercise goes but there are data showing the overall being exercise training doing endurance training reduces your risk of cardiovascular obviously you know most of the risk comes from just getting out of the couch potato category you know and just being you know recreationally active and not being somewhat of just you know Netflix and chill with you know take out or whatever of time yeah but once you want your exercise that's a stress on your cardiovascular system and there is an increased risk of I saw that's depicted once in a years ago in a in a paper and like the drop the day the risk let's say the risk is cutting half on average you know for someone who's cardiovascular who's endurance exercise you know runner so they might have it's on on average show 24 per year they might have they might average at like 40 or 45 percent the risk except when they exercise the risk goes up you know to above the average and then it drops back down with the overall 24 hour average is less okay so that's good if you do if you do like leg press and do a valve they've measured blood pressure like blood pressure it's like 400 over 200 holy shit at the femoral artery yeah which is not typically where you measured but it's you know it's represented what you get to break the artery relative of speaking so yeah you get super high blood pressure so there's a risk you know of a of a cardiovascular incident you know by him by exercise training so he's taken a sea out of to bring it down I don't know you know I have to see like mechanistically I don't you that may bring his blood pressure down like some degree during those lower blood pressure points during his workout like between his sets but during this all out go for broke set you know like a deadlift or a bavarore and that's what you're doing about solid if you're breathing it it helps substantially but he made that the sea out of this may not be doing anything in that regard you know during those times haven't seen that study directly because because it's sort of like um and it's analogous to you know taking in carbohydrates this isn't this isn't this is a whole story to this but you can take in carbohydrates while you're exercising and and there's some data that suggests if you're doing endurance exercise you know it may slow the rate of glycogen use but if you're doing all out exercise like that's don't for broke you're just calling upon that glycogen because the glycogen is there doesn't matter how much glucose you have in the system they're just you're gonna use the glycogen at the same rate so if you're if you're doing like a leg press or a squat and you're you know and you're holding your breath and you're just going after it your blood pressure is going to be high maybe it's instead of 400 or 200 it's 390 over 185 or something like that but it's still sky high this sea out of this is probably made no difference potentially during those high risk moments of during the exercise section I don't know I'm guessing it probably is completely overridden by the fact that you've got all that weight on your back or you're moving all that weight around and you're holding your breath doing that that's how it's so he might if he tends to that'll sell you know he might be be best you know pay attention just to that as you're good breathing as far as bringing your your blood pressure down as opposed to you know taking a drug like like Seattle sir Viagra yeah he also he was using the blood pressure medication too yeah Thomas Harton yeah that's you know that's that's a strategy obviously that's Victor Black has made that very very very well known you can you can use ARB blockers as well I don't know if that's good you're any during the workout if that's one of the that's a side effect too of your blood pressure going too low on those so you have to look into that but as far as he's as far as he's being you know physiologically as long as he's in physiologically range and he's not not blacking you know talk to his or getting dizzy or what have you had haven't talked to his doctor about that okay I he did he didn't mention what he is on or off the tell the sergeant did he you know what he might have let me see he really quick because it was a long message I think he did no no oh wait he says usually he was 140 over 90 okay yeah blood pressure on cycle was he said yeah he said my blood pressure went on cycle doesn't get extremely high usually 140 over 90 and then he said I've convinced my doctor to put him on the medication to help hopefully reverse left ventricle hypertrophy that's that's what is overall goal is here he said to possibly not that to change so I think they made a good decision based on the blood pressure if he's got I he did he probably had an echocardiogram done so to to know I don't want to you mention that at all but so you know you look you guys look at his his ejection fraction from the echo you see there's any issues there you know that would be the kind of the the problem you're running into it's normal to get you've got an overload stress on the heart from training from your breath and just the fact that your blood pressure's going to go up it's totally normal to have some thickening of left ventricle from resistance training that's a normal adaptation to the deal depends on how much it it is and what you see with someone who's got a pathological thickening there is that they've had the chronic blood pressure elevation and they've got poor ejection fraction so you've got pathological functioning of the heart you can junction with the thickening as opposed to a positive adaptation that's just helping the means as hard as has adapted somewhat to the the high blood pressure stresses of the training and it's it's normal and so far as that goes you know that's far as I know there's nothing there's no adverse consequences to that normal amount but that's kind of the thing is like you need to look at the echo and echoes can end up being you can get different numbers you know there's different ways to estimate the ejection fraction based on the images and I can't remember the details there but that can give you different values I've had clients corresponded with people talk with John about this a good bit you know back when he had his heart attack and trying to figure out like we know what's going on because he had some and I can't remember the information but he had some times then when you know he's like what's going on you know with his ejection fraction and trying to tease that all out and he was like asymptomatic yeah I hope no issues whatsoever he was he was like he's like I've got clearance now everything was good things are getting better he's going into the gym and they just buried people you know even say it that was like yeah we trained man like I'm just going like he's just kicking ass yeah so yeah there's there's so many details there that I can't even like sure I can't even take much of a stab at without having you know an echo to look at and I can't interpret those things legal anyhow but yeah sounds like his doctors you know they're on a getting the one 40 is sort of the breakoff point you know the 140 over 140 over 90 like he sort of at the you know border line even beyond border line hypertension for he was and now he's back down to you know 110 over whatever he said so that's that's good to me I'd be happy with that personally what about Nick Wary's with us competitive eater Nick Wary one of the best in the world he's he was asking about our our jwana he said is that possibly a nice adjunct our juniors I know this supplement but he said I think that it's been shown to increase left ventricle ejection fraction yeah it's that's a himaly wellness um himaly herbal supplements go to one as heart care or our our juniors is in heart care um yeah I was actually funny enough because I have some in the other room and I was I thought about putting a post up I mentioned that to somebody came to ruin yeah it all kind of the consults and any all kind of blends together but that's a great that's it's in my book actually if you if you buy the um the PDF or the or you just go to the references in the back dig through them there you go yeah that's a great supplement if you it's kind they've got like multiple versions of their website but you can find the scientific documentation there it's it's a really good supplement yeah heart um kind of credit chain card of tone oh yeah one of the lot of people use for blood pressure that seems to work pretty well yeah it's been around for forever um so as far as our juniors has some effects on life approach teams too so it's a good it's a good great good supplement for heart remodeling um I've heard from Dante that you bickwin all or coins I'm cute 10 could be really beneficial um I started experimenting with it and I started running it at what I think it was kind of a higher dose because I've seen people using it like 100 to 200 milligrams up they say up to six for some things and I started about a month ago this experiment with 400 milligrams of ubiquitous and as far as like long COVID symptoms I feel like it's actually been helping me about a month and now like that and the injectable alcarnity or like the two I out of all the supplements I've been experimenting with this past year I feel like those two so far have been really helpful and then there's another um what is it he suggested it was a stronger form of uh curcumin stronger but it didn't super buy it I guess starts with an m oh um yeah but anyway I've got a conchining article yeah I've got it I've got that on order so that should be here in the next couple days I'm going to try to ramp that up to throw that into the mess with I get out of it yeah I just got a question um actually just an email question people find me all sorts of ways they said any questions and I have you know multiple corresponds is going to about co-cute 10 because it's a free because it's an antioxidant but it's also in the mitochondrial chain so um yeah has sort of multiple functions and the thing is with in your situations got um the thing I you know we talked about or one back and forth is that you know does this work like cysteine or vitamin E or vitamin C what's that is at Mariava that was it oh right yeah that's a name but yep um and yeah it has going to have free radical quenching um actions and you can run into that situation where you sort of limit your the stress that you're trying to vote with training by using co-cute 10 but it's all a matter of how much it's and what rate it's getting used up so you've got this situation you know if you're looking at like D-dimer and um you know things that are involved with inflammation and clotting and like the scenario with your long COVID like people are just untangling that we don't know what the house going on there necessarily yeah so yeah so you you may have an elevated need for quenching free radicals your antioxidant status maybe categorically different I think it is like just just to mean just as things that we've talked about like that you know the relative E's or difficulty which you go through your average day yeah is substantially higher than it was before this happened oh yeah you know so like all sorts of things and I don't know how much you shared on the podcast but it's just imagine someone yeah um because you ain't a complainer that's for sure but it's like imagine like if everything like also you got a hundred pound you know a weighted vest on you know and you have to run everywhere you know it's in the rock like you and you recognize that that's there you know it's like I'll kind of go to the grocery store like it's going to be like you're in your you know you're before like the the light at the end of the tunnel is the contest almost there you know like that three week out period we were totally dieted down which is not close enough to contest you're getting excited and like everything is just like monumental it's like I got to get up and go to the bathroom oh my god what if I want to do that's hard that's stressful yeah during the stressful so you may have a higher a higher need for something like co-cute 10 you know in your case especially because of it's it's it's rolls in an energy transfer and the heart is a heart is just such an energy badass it goes all the time it's constantly active you know it took until the end you know and it's it is an oxidative machine if it take whatever you feed it they they do like one way that's the hardest study it is um with an isolated heart model where they they take the heart out like a rat you can use different animals to rat us what I've seen done and they take the heart out and you can feed it like um an artificial blood basically and you can give it glucose you can get it lactate you can get free fatty acids get it ketones get it give it anything that's got a carbon chain limit and it will oxidize the shit with that motherfucker no it's just it's just it's like it's like military multi-fueled vehicle you know the one thing about like the pockets of the vehicle you could put you know chicken grease in there and motor oil and gasoline and diesel fire the it doesn't matter it just you poured in it will use it you know it's kind of the heart is so your heart even despite the fact of the hearts you know amazing like heart your heart is part of what's going up what you are trying to evaluate and get up to speed here with your scenario so it makes your heart's getting more stressed than the average person yeah and just by nature like the one of the primary sources of free radicals is super oxide radical so if you look at the energy chain you look on transport chain and um ATP production oxidated phosphorylation and muscle cells you've got electrons that are being moved around this electron transport chain you have oxygen that's being used up and you've got watered being produced and there's about like on average I think it's like a three to five percent kind of air rate and that you get some sort of get sort of like a packing air you know like Amazon's pretty good they don't even have that much of a rate but everyone's small you just get the wrong thing you know it gets missed deliver what have you that happens with in the mitochondria and you get an electron loaded onto an oxygen and you get a free radical that needs to be quent so literally exercise this is one of the ways in which exercise is increases free radical stress and stimulates the need for in this case thinking particularly about a mitochondrial biogenesis is that you need that stress comes from this air in oxidative phosphorylation you make free radicals the system is ah shit we need this is a stimulus for having more mitochondria because obviously we're going to be making more free radicals that means we're making more energy at a faster rate when you bore mitochondria you also upregulate enzymes like catalyst and superoxide disemutase and glutathione peroxidase all the enzymes that are involved with with free radical quentions your your body adapts but you're also using up the endogenous free radical quentching molecules that you can't produce things like vitamin E and vitamin C vitamins you know in co-cutin is right along in there as a as a as a has multiple functions but right in there as a free radical quentcher so you there's just no doubt my mind or how much but you or someone who can certainly benefit from having you have a higher need I believe for antioxidants in your diet or coming in some way shape or form so it doesn't surprise me whatsoever given the way all your sort of past converge to energy production and stress free radical production that the co-cutin would be helpful for you without it out that makes total sense man and that's kind of what Victoria was thinking too that's exactly yeah yeah yeah she was thinking as well and that both of those things would help the coins i'm cutin and BL carnitine they'd both be a benefit mm-hmm yeah anyway we have anything else here in our our list Scott you had mentioned YouTube factoids but I wasn't sure if we're going back yeah no it's just kind of a simple a simple thought so sometimes you know YouTube is it's a it's a free for all a comment wise of course and we get lots of awesome comments and questions and but sometimes people say oh this is the answer to this question that she didn't even answer for what have you and I don't want to know like personally I like to know where that information comes from so that's someone I've seen this extra couple times and it happened on one of the videos I was digging around some old videos looking for questions for today and I saw a couple times where people said oh well this is why okay but I have no idea where you found that because I haven't found that and I've looked so if you have a scientific factoid yeah you know this is does this I would love to know where people found that just so I can dig into it and like it because in in my quote unquote line of work you got a backup as Dudley would say you know show me the data yeah you know if you're going to say that this does that or this is metabolizing to that or we know that this you know this happens when you do this and it's a very you know science it's not like well I have found this to be the case it's like this this is a biochemical process well there's going to be some science somewhere that came from absolutely no and if you if you just say you know I've always heard that this is the case like okay that's cool because that like that's totally but if you say it black and white if you have the the data if you have a paper back it up it doesn't hardly ever happen and in the science world actually as I've mentioned many times before if you don't cite things cite information they can be considered an academic integrity violation oh not to properly yeah literally it's it's not the same but it's a long line to plagiarism vision you're making you know unsubstantiated statement you just need to say like give a source you it's okay to make an air like oh I thought it was in that paper or that paper like the paper could be fraught with errors you know with the least you're saying you know we know that when you do this this happens and you if you back it up with the paper that was just awful that's you know full holes and really doesn't very well substantiate what you're saying and at least you said you know this is what you know this is the source of this information yeah if you have no source like okay well I'm not kind of like try to track that down because I've looked and I haven't found that so I just loved to know so that's just a request to a viewer and everybody you know but YouTube seems like that's that's a kind of a common common theme yeah yeah I don't know I've got one more here Scott this is from our live feed here and he also said it's kind of long so if we want to skip it I get it he said from Anthony he says I am simplifying a lot here so please help me out NAC allows the introduction of 16 in the neuron thus producing glutathione this happens in all body cells but I will focus on the neuron so far so good while 16 enters the neuron so glutamine glutamate also exits it and tithers to the m glue GLU to not sure of the name a receptor specific to glutamate that is uniquely an inhibitor receptor having activated the m GLU to now the glutamate is unable to reach the adjacent what's that word there synthetic synthetic synthetic space synaptic space okay and ultimately excite the neuron cells as a cascade of non excitement this should be extremely relaxing and allowing for beneficial sleep in my correct can you can you kind of go over what he's saying here because I'm not sure I'm trying to read it and understand it at the same time so I don't feel like I'm doing a good job here yeah I mean I have to see where he's this is this would be actually a great example of where he just is information because he's not sure the name of this receptor okay so so he's just sort of remembering this so basically he's asking about if entity will system provides a source of system that has an effect in the brain the glutamate receptor that would lead to someone being more relaxed to be able to fall asleep again so the thing that's so interesting about brain research that I found is that it's almost we're still we're still sort of in the dark ages a little bit in terms of looking at neurotransmitters and things that bind to receptors because so often people are not paying attention what areas the brain that takes part in so it's kind of like it's kind of like I'm going to take it's looking whole body for what he's in this versus the muscle protein synthesis or looking at you know we see this effect in bone so it must happen in muscle this way or it happens to skin you know like you've got different structures in the brain that are responsible for the extent to which you're awake you know your emotions like the all the various structures the limbic system for instance so it's going to depend on you know where where in the brain these effects are happening I don't know about that particular receptor what he's referring to to be honest like that's I have to go let's see he posted something else here let me see he says insure any c is a relaxer slash sleep promoter via this mechanism of anti-excitement of neurons haha I know that I might have made a massive explaining that no no I totally got that yeah it makes sense no I I understood this question so I'm but I'm he just reported to help me because I didn't get it yeah I got you got you got you okay so yeah it's it's a good question so here's this that's sort of my take on like the science and like how come well can we take that mechanism of binding the receptor and extrapolate that to basically the conscious level of perception you got to know where it's happening so can we take an effect on skin cells and extrapolate that to muscle cells not necessarily I see but you can you take that effect on receptor at the receptor level and extrapolate that to brain function not necessarily I don't know where he's pulling that information from because I don't even I don't know what you know about that mechanism for which receptor exactly he's talking about per se there's so many receptors there's finally receptors in the brain for neurotransmitters and find who things are transmit neurotransmitters they didn't know they were all the time it's like it's more the more we find out we know the more we find that we don't know which is just beautiful but here's here's the bottom line whether there's one thought before I get to that you know and a single cysteine like it's a is an antioxidant it does there are some studies showing it has has those negative effects if you take large doses on muscle growth the way that way around that potentially is timing so if you train in the morning you set in motion on those molecular signals for the muscle growth you initiate it all everything you might be able to take something like this at night and not have an issue yeah it's got like a 10 or 12 hour half life or something like that I mentioned in my book I note the value there so maybe it's six to eight anywhere it's not it doesn't you don't take a dose of anosylisistine it's not hanging around for days or weeks so there's some times that you could do to get around a mega dosing effect but the other proof of this in the pudding is this will make you feel tired really do you need to know necessarily that it's going to do that because it's actually can you get anosylisistine they could that was taken off the market because no it was never take up the pudding no yeah no never take it off the market it not yet at least the FDA is making a push to take it off the market and make it a profit you know only and so because Amazon wants to be politically correct and wants to be good so the government and be a little bit it took it off of Amazon but you can still get any see everywhere okay okay I didn't know not an Amazon but just not on Amazon you know this is my best guys all right keep on yeah the show out of it as an American you should you should let's see we get this one taken down let's just all people I know someone who works for Amazon anyway give them the finger for me about any okay well yeah I'll tell her in German to go screw herself yeah there's some really funny ways to say kiss my butt in German yeah can you name one of them right now yeah it kind of twitch so I can can speak about sports and scrub for me I'm off that what do you said you mean you can kiss my ass crossways and by making a spiral you look my butt so it's kind of like that too it's pretty it's very visual so but you know not saying you're like you know by a bottle of you know or like a big packet of an AC powder and like down it and see if it knocks you out yeah but we could take the dose you know try it I don't know there's variability as a extra weather having taking with food or with food increases absorption or bioavailability so you know he might try try taking it like a night when he's you know hasn't eaten for a while or in the mornings when he's not going to train where he might have a nap you know it's Sunday you can take an apple on a Sunday don't miss the podcast of course but could do it that way and test it out and see if it has an effect you know on on on a sleep you know not potentially you know bad thing if you're going to take you know something like that not a bad time to take if you train early you take it away from your training and helps you sleep the help should through through recovery you know sounds like could be a pretty good deal but I don't know it's not but I know I don't know of anyone who's said you know I love to take the AC to the system but it makes me tired yeah yeah I've never heard that and I think you're getting to a I think an interesting point here that you you you've you've find things out just simply by just by experience and and that people would say across the board like like you could take like p5p on the other hand and be like hey I find that it it helps me with rest whether you realize it or not it's like you know you can start drawing those conclusions just by taking it if that makes yeah I don't know yeah yeah no you like literally you know that's you know there's so many things to me there could even be biological to the visuality there you know some people like a dash of hydramy benadrill yeah you know that's a lot of people real the amount of one though I know people you know it doesn't take making they take it because for the allergies and I like to just plug them like I would be able to do I mean I wish it would be better but I should be long and bed asleep because that's not made to some tired so yeah so that that's that's something to consider you can go and look and see find those papers that they haven't been retracted or would have you on they should report side effects hopefully and you can see if some moments or fatigue is a side effect of dosing that because I don't know what those as they used and any of that research but that would be way to look and see if someone else has reported that because I haven't heard of that before but I like you digging in like way he did that's very very cool you can see you get so deep in the rabbit hole you're looking for it's like it's like it's almost like you like you go to your electrical panel you start checking your breakers and like you call the electrical company it's like come by lightning come on like did you try and switch it's like oh yeah that's fine it's just taking you out you know because what the research is saying that's a solution on a danger yourself yeah you know just try it out well with that said we should get out of here scouting know you it's Mother's Day as we record this you've got some stuff to do you got plans for the day I'm going for this for the day too so yeah in any mothers out there happy Mother's Day to you thanks for watching yeah Victoria's a dog mom so happy dog mom I will I will pass that message on to her guys go to be white OBB coach dot com you can find Scott's book over there you get the hardcover go over to don't go to Amazon go to you can go to Barnes and Noble it's there too isn't it yes Barnes and Noble yep and you'll see a Amazon today you'll see a picture of this amazing dog trying to get my finger there rusty you're seeing the picture you're seeing up he's there when that front someone asked you know if that was my if that was my Tinder picture I saw that I saw that I'm like no Tinder's the only dating site I have not tried there's my boy yes there he is because that's that's not what I'm not at all what I'm looking for but I may have used that picture on a dating site who knows I've tried the wall strike strike strike well with that said to go to trunutrition dot com you can use our code think which somebody mentioned in here yeah you can get E a's from trunutrition they've got a couple different things they've got like the flavor D a a's or you can get like I go the just raw bulk method which you got to understand they don't taste good E a's are not easy to flavor but you can flavor them yourself with some crystal light I find that works out just fine and you can you want to mix it real thin anyway a lot of water a lot of water was you would use some ties to the right yeah yeah they do yeah that works by the mix is better yeah I think that yeah they have the instant ties and then they also have like a like a product E a plus it's called and it has like a really good mango flavor so you can go that right if you want and of course go do supplement source dot c a in Canada where you could buy an a c or e a c you get whatever you want over there it's Canada land of the free kind of and effort and yeah there you go all right guys we'll see you soon thanks got