Well, what do you think monsters do? They do monsters think they do monsters there Eddie cone oh my goodness the goat Can we get Eddie to join us can we get Eddie to join us for five minutes? All right, so we want to sit down It's gonna You know like in a camera the goat for Eddie the goat Hey, tell his wife come have a seat. You're welcome to get Not a guy she doesn't want everyone to know that she's married me You got five minutes go play the field out there It's not my Amazing Eddie cone. What's your guys? It's great to have you man. It's been good to see I've seen you like three or four times as we kids So far haven't fun wandering about aimlessly are you are you yet that stage where you like why the hell am I still here? Only when it gets crowded on Saturday right the rest of the time it's fun because you're around all these cool people Right anyone that would really know me knows about powerlifting and isn't a fucking idiot Yeah, who do you still like you run into your old competitors and guys are you? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, but I love some of the old school My people are still yeah some good conversations with Sean Sean Ray, yeah, and Johnny Jackson Oh, yeah, it's great. It's great. Yeah, we went through all the same stuff Right the real real hardcore dirty ass gyms and just training your fucking asshole off and the stuff we did Enabled everyone else to learn off us right. Yeah. Yeah. No, no I know a lot of ballia because I I read your Wikipedia which is all fast But when was your last meet? 2007 2007 and is it is it did you set technically you set up? 170 world records they say 71 but there's so many records that I rebroke my own I really didn't give a crap about it. Yeah, I just was out there for me Yeah, right as long as I could get better I kept getting better and that was it That's all I cared about yeah warm and up with the The final lifts of some of your the competitors in the class ahead of you back in those notes my last warmups were higher than their lifts Yeah I remember that's a legendary story as he was doing warmups in the back Yeah, with him he had to go out to the platform to finish his to do his last warmup because they have enough weight loaded in the back Yeah, that's true. I think my last warmup was like 892 and I walked out there without my shoes tied or anything like that just did you just did your rep And then what does that do you imagine that I come out to do mine? I asked him to take a hundred off. Yeah, so I could jump in and do my my hopeful Green light squat now power lifting nowadays deep. It's pretty I mean it's grown yes immensely incredibly all over the world all over the world and the women coming into it Like back when you were power lifting how many chicks were in the gym chalk and early as many the first time I went to Australia To do some seminars they had their nationals over there and that was the first time I saw women's only day and it was packed And they all got a long fine in a lot of the women trained a lot of power lifting stuff because they liked the way it makes To a place and but them right yeah, and then they start competing a little bit and it's all the fun for them That's all I know it gets you know a girl's day Yeah, shit. I know it seems like I mean with Instagram now like do you do you sometimes scroll through Instagram and you're like How are what is power lifting become? As long as judging is okay. Yeah, I love all of it. Yeah, because you're you're like The cement floor that all of this has been built on and there was great guys that came before me I mean I first I I told you the story of when I first met Arnold because I tried to do body Well, I came up to his chest. I was like shit. Yeah, I'm gonna try to be Franco right and then Franco with the strength stuff that he liked I tried to grab a tweet straight where's that and I saw Kaz lift on TV. Yeah, I was like wait a second You could be that big that strong and not have to die it and pose on stage I'm gonna try to do that like the hardest part was for me was probably trying to get a tan Yeah, but in that what right when I started power lifting I just freaking loved it I was like a doctor what I knew that was my stuff. Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely how long how long did it take before everyone else? Like what was it very first jam you started power lifting in like here what you call years or It's old Chicago health club that ended up turning in the ballies And then from there I went to a garage gym with some people remember the movie Rudy. Yes I and his brothers garage out in Julia Yeah, and then I went to Pods gym Yeah, that's what I'm known for mostly quads and now I left that a little gym called lances and just in this Right down the street from where Chicago lights I explained in the basement like when Rocky went back to Russia Yeah, like like remember the old you have been to Metro Flex gym over there. Oh, yeah, so you know You bump into something you need a tightness shot What what at what age and what point I mean? I know it was really early, but when did the other lifters around you just go oh Shit your different your different well my first meet was in 1980 when I was 16 I was a very light 165er and Four years later in 84 when my first World Championship said one 81 really four years. Yeah, that's insane So I'm pretty fast How many guys like back in the day when you went to the world so many guys were there? We all they're from the other countries. There's tons of lifters right a lot of countries They don't have all the sports saturation that we have in the US right so choices of what they do So a lot of them a lot of their countries the government backs all the sports even power If you can a little bit left or power left or something yes, yes, so they all whoever's not gonna lip-aclifting We'll probably do power lifting right. Yeah, right. Yeah, right. You're not gonna go to your official Olympics Well, it's like the craziest country that you went to lift in like just the most unique experience Russia Russia back in the way you pack did you 3000 seed auditorium in 40 minutes now really be sold out So really what year would that have been like you went to Russia or was it still Soviet? It was still Soviet still Soviet. Yeah, that's not Russia. Yeah, that's old school us us our US It's all right. Yeah, yeah, yeah, that was very very cool But that first meet they ever had that I competed in they had a lip-aclifting bars and plates Yeah, so on the way down you're shaking like a leaf praying to God that nothing happens I made so many deals with God that day that just for me to be alive. I'm part priest right now How are the guys there? I mean, were there anybody you could communicate with them? Yeah, sure they speak English Yeah, and they had people that did speak English. Okay. Yeah, okay, and how are like the competitors there that you talk? They're all great. Yeah, everyone's great They're always nice, but you know the Russians will find a way To beat you to people with records, you know hook or crook They will find a way to be on top That's a very wise. Yeah, they probably say the same thing about us Yeah When you say find a way you mean they're blasting music outside your hotel rooms. You can't get it pretty much Yeah, yeah For their you know the old trick. I think I think I think there's some famous hockey players that used to send like Pukers to the other teams rooms and stuff like that Whatever it is still lost It's still lost Yeah, whatever it takes or the other guys lost with a smile. Yeah When did people start calling you the goat? I don't even know do you remember the first time you heard it? That was 85 the year 85 was a second world's yeah And I went from 181 to 198 to 220 yeah the only time I moved up was weighed with when I got to lean Right, and then it didn't it felt dangerous Okay, yeah, because like remember a John Fowl Paul Fuchs Yeah, he was getting ready for a contest. That's the right idea He was still too lean. Yep. Yeah You could I remember that shit and I was like no way when I when it felt dangerous I just went up a way class. Yeah, so you would get to point you out of nothing muscle that you had to go up You have some back and go with that. I tried to get fat. I just couldn't eat enough I could never eat enough that's insane Do you feel like any of the new guys are feeling more inspired? Just to kind of take people back for a minute We talked when we had you on the show about how you did a lot of bodybuilding exercise Is a new try to train like every muscle with the back So you were doing bent over rows and bodybuilding exercise Yeah, and you basically looked like a cross between a power lifter and a bodybuilder and maybe a little WWEWF mixed in there That's especially with the craziness, you know, you feel like there's been any type of like a Resurgence of going more for the look that you had besides just to see it wasn't The reason I did the power bodybuilding stuff was because I didn't want to have a week this anywhere Yeah, no matter what exercise it was I did not want it to be weak, right? So I figured if I got everything strong all around I'm gonna have a bigger platform to lift off of the pace Right the problem now a lot of guys do so much only squat pinched at lift that they forget the fact that there's gonna be weaknesses Oh, yeah, like all of us have to say a different strength and weakness is here in here Right, but if all you do is squat pinch and deadlift in your strength go up this high that big gap in between We've got to show it up. It's gonna show up in a snap crackle pop and your body or you won't Make any progress anymore and you'll be fed up with it and you'll say all this routines socks and all this stuff when you sock because you didn't do what you're supposed to Right bring up all you wait So that was my off season high bar closed stance squats because I was strong my hips and back So it was all quad stuff deficit deadless, benching with my feet up in the air everything that I could do harder that would transfer over I did right I would I would like train like a squat or a high bar squat a deadlift a deficit that lift a bent row stiff like deadless shoulder presses Dips in clients close grips all the same way that I trained getting ready for a contest all the way down the triples No kidding. Yes, I have a triple on a dip. Yeah, so all my I got strong is hell on while you're doing so there's no weakness anywhere Why no I describe it like you know you see the guys over there with the suits to armor Yeah, yeah, so wherever you hit there's a chunk of strength and muscle right so you're gonna last longer What I love that you were obviously the first one to think that all the way through to did anyone Start asking you like why are you wasting your time with this or now or in reverse say why am I not doing this? What should I do if they did I didn't pay attention to them? Right I was in my own world I just wanted to get better so as long as I could get better I kept going right I just got better a whole bunch of different times for a long time Yeah, that's what the guys don't realize that every time you get that every single exercise a little bit stronger You'll be building a building a bigger base to build a pond right and that's what they don't understand You take your time. Yeah Like you're not gonna be the greatest bodybuilder in the world if you don't take your time If if all's it was taking a whole bunch of drugs and pumping all the time everyone would be mr Olympia all the time right it's not that you got to put in the time in the effort and a lot of people don't take the time to do that anymore Yeah, it's a race. Yeah. Yeah. You don't want I'm thinking Ron Remember we did that that reaction video to Tom Haveland. Oh, imagine he's awesome. Yeah, that's what we had to go down with us. What do you think of that guy? He's amazing Josh Bryan helps him. Yes, and I helped Josh Bryan since he was like 15 years old Okay, he's the call me he stole my number from a friend of his friend of mine His dad and started calling me when he's 15 years old He's a good student and he's taken a lot farther even than I did wow, but he's he's great And he does a great job with Tom Tom just a freak how leany is it still benches like 650 and yeah It was a crazy shit with what I heard is it appears to the cow all the time It's a lot of rush. Yeah, yeah, yeah crazy, you know, but he's a super nice humble guy. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah What when you come to the Arnold now? I mean how many of these have you come to? I think I missed two years in a row and I missed the very first one every other one I bet but other not like 30 years. Yeah, I know kid You look I get to see you guys. I get to see all kinds of cool people. Yeah. That's my choice to see Yeah, right and I decide where I go and who I hang out with so it's always fun the people that'll come up with me Our guys that are like all tattooed up Have piercings and look like the ruts your refugees as society those are the guys that I love and I trust more than You know what I mean You know what I mean they're not like all made up and show and all that other stuff. They're just real people Yeah, I like that. Yeah, what do you think you're watching that you know He saw Thor pull a thousand sixty on that like play. Look at nothing Like nothing but that was the second attempt. You didn't have to take a third that was like I told him I go they could have added fifty or hundred pounds. Oh, yeah, well, what do you think monsters do they do monsters think It wants just there. I mean what do you expect? I told like you got to watch it moved I was like Look at it was four o'clock. Yeah, I was really easy like a thousand six or something Yeah, yeah, what's your favorite thing to watch here? Do you like you know the strong man that someone's dead I got the mic running to straw man. I like it all if I can be close I'm not gonna sit way back in the crowd and right me the concert No, yeah, yeah, I don't want to do that and my favorite thing was just to walk around and mingle Yeah, and get grabbed when you're walking by and there's a road chair Better than they get to sit down There you go with with all the with all the ladies all the all the ladies powerlifting There's no ladies that like me maybe women but no lady okay I'm just gonna say does the there's a wife ever have a laugh if like a young girl wants a photo with you Oh my god, she has fun. She'll take the picture. Yeah. Yeah, she'll rip on me and make jokes about me to the girl That's amazing I see oh my god your hands are big my wife would say yeah, and we're not everywhere Yeah, she has a good raise great she doesn't let you get she she competed for Norway on the national team when she was like 16 years old Oh, no way what she holds over my head is she went in her first powerlifting meet six months before I did Wow, oh she got you forever So she says while when you've been lifting as long as I have yes Then you learn things that you learn some things. Yes. That's amazing So she's been with you through all this yeah, and you know she tried to sort of travel around with a bunch of guys And national team and see and how guys are idiots So there's not like to get over on her either. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's just worse from the same era She knows everything about all the old body builders and even like old little poems that were muscle and fitness and all the nick names of all the body There's and yeah, that's pretty awesome. Yeah, hey Ron one other thing if you were I know you were talking about stem cells a while ago If you were still considering that you should definitely talk to Ed as me because he's a guy I thought it was a lot about it. I first went to Columbia and added them yeah, then I went to the doctor a deal con That's very popular now. Yeah, is that you by Dubai and Low's cobbles Mexico. I went to Low's cobbles last year. I was okay, and he did see bum. Yep, and I actually talked to see bum and I talked to Who's the other bodybuilder from Canada over there? Oh? Yeah, or Ben Arab Arabish. Oh, what yeah, I thought I talked to him too and They both been having a lot of good things happen Right, so when did you go twice? I went to Low's cobbles four years ago and I went or no last year And I went to Columbia three years before that. What did you notice? Yeah Clarity of thought first. I need that dude You get a IV of 200 million stem cells you wake up the next morning and you swear to God you're the smartest man alive You can hear a pin drop there all gray matters gone It's like that's a holy crap your clarity of thought is out of the squirrel and how long does that last? Still to this day. He's a genius. It's grown your way better for a We have no idea way better forever and like those you know the Meshcomolar, whatever is I always say yeah, yeah, yeah, those those are good for like an IV or in the joint Yeah, and then for like soft tissue injuries the doctor con caught me a fat stem cells are really good for soft tissue injuries Okay, and then I had which is really cool. I had what they call implant placenta in each side of my abs There was an implant that dissolves over time right and then I had a big huge monster Fala stat and shot stuck in my cell What do you get the smallest that but that's to be seen yeah, yeah, I think it's more like you know I don't know how good it is or You or they have to up the dose if you weigh a certain much okay Yeah, for a regular person, I think that's the proper dose Okay, for a trained athlete that already has muscle. I think they they have to go a little bit higher Yeah, but it's getting better and better this doctor con He goes everywhere in the world learning where the best the harvest the best stem cells like a friend of mine So I'm in Dubai last year a friend of mine from Australia and Dr. Con said no don't do it now do it next year. We're coming out with a new new Generation stem cell that's gonna even be even better. No kidding So then I know the guy is like not money hungry. He's out to really Sure people yeah, no he's like genius Because you don't like it's West when he was at Swiss yeah Eric Serano yeah Serano got up there to the mic and started trying to read off his phone trying to Let's see what this guy knew and Dr. Con was incredible right on top of these two He's young. Yes, he is yeah, well, you know a couple years ago at the Swiss Can canacan you know Dr. Ken Ken was supposed to come by he was he really he texted me He was with Eric and I but I told him it was busy. Eric still talking they didn't want to come He can't understand Eric anyway But Dr. Ken told me how intelligent Dr. Con was yeah, so me and some of my buddies went out to Los Cabos last year Hell yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, you get some joints done. Yeah, I got in in my shoulder joint A big huge shot and in both shoulders and then three little injections all around it With the fat themselves the difference themselves all right. Yeah, and now I think they're pretty much healed now. I work on the dysfunction because they were so dysfunctional for so long That even though you're healed your body doesn't know how to work properly Yeah, so now I've been working with Dr. Andrew Lock. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah That's Swiss and he's one of the best guys. There is When you say function like you had no rotation or no, it's like Terasure arm when you're injured your body will fail to find a way around that right it up Yeah, you create a new pattern that's wrong right, but you have to teach your body how to get that right pattern back and use the muscles in a way that you're supposed to again Or you'll redeem it. Yeah, yeah, yeah, you'll never feel good again Yeah, you can't feel it right. That's why well get that page on crank Scott, we gotta go to see the best themselves We gotta get round some stem cells. We gotta do it's just bodybuilding goes to lost cabos for just five dollars a month You can save Ron Bring cat under this get that page your little white boy. Yeah Yeah, I said five dollars to pay tron grow on the lost cabos help run get a new bike Oh, with the bike here we go It's funny. I love the people I mentioned that to me when they see me I've got a lot of that this weekend is fun Let's go. Well, you might be the most jack I ever missed a lip of bike riding with that. I think there you go Yeah, I don't think I've asked around like you know anybody that's like, you know Bigger doing this I haven't found anyone yeah, but no, it's uh what what about what about the go to the finals Are you gonna go watch the bodybuilding tonight or anything? I got to dinner with a bunch of people in a fun. Yeah. Yeah, you probably seen a bunch of those and I did but No one walks around and gives me a ticket You know, we're kind of like Noon power lifters I like it that way. I don't give No, you never did give much of a crap. No, I'm around you guys. I have fun. Yeah, we're having a fucking ride here. Yeah, yeah, it's great I go hang out in the cage Yeah, that's awesome man. Hey, can't beat it. No We all you guys have a choice. Yep, I know you hang out with who we have on your show You're not gonna have a dick or a bitch on your show True, that's not gonna give you info that you're not gonna have fun with yeah, cuz they're not gonna open up. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah No, man. I'm real happy to see you again It's like what you're I'm happy we're all school I use a lot of people that are missing every year We get these things true. Yeah, I know I I tell everyone the first time I met you I did I found a little bit when I saw you the first time I I was like holy shit. You were big then though. Yeah, I was like I was like 300 plus when I'm first met him Yeah, it's more like no and I don't be in the bodybuilding. I don't get to Retired law of you don't be doing this. Shut up some front of the mirror tonight Yeah, but I remember I was like oh, I got I got to talk to Cohen and then and I knew you'd torn your quad So I had to I had to bond with you. I was like I tore the same quad and we had our quad I tore my my peteler 10 and a half. Yeah, yeah, yeah, like me. Loan and I bonded over that because he had it done But then he didn't have a good surgery afterwards where I had my cousin who's an orthopedic surgeon fixed me Okay, so I was able to do everything again no problem. I mean I still I went up to like 800 pounds still below Pearl out without even any knee sleeves or knee wraps or anything No problem Just put your right back to get a fix the six. Yeah, I was my quad 10 and was good. I mean I train you just take your time Yeah, yeah, same pull rush it. They don't realize what they're doing Yeah, that's fine. That's cool man. I'm glad you're I'm glad you're oh no problems. You're good. You know I'd love to see I'd love to hear in six months that your shoulders are even better and another level up Do you think you're gonna go again? We'll do this at the Olympia? There we go. That'd be great. Okay. I will see how you're doing that. Yeah, you're gonna go to last capos between now and then probably I think just for a little tune up my buddy Um, I one of my best friends ever has a private jet and stuff. So we go to those cops I know it's nice to have buddies I have red chips. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Yeah, do they give you a good you get a goat discount at all? They give you the goat price from Dr. Khan. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, if you do multiple injections He gives you a really good discount. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, do you have a code like They give a code yeah, go 20 You know like like we're with Merrick health. Yeah, and they wanted to give me a code Well, you can make money when you get people that I said I don't want it I do not want to make a dime off you guys you guys take care of me and keep me healthy in a live Yeah straighten all my bad shirt out. Yeah, what I've done all my life. I don't want to damn things for you guys Yeah, just do that part. Yeah Gotta give back to people who are nice to you absolutely it's not hard. Yeah for a few bucks here in there It's not worth it agreed I'm not gonna sell my soul Well, this goes right back to what Andrea said about Jay. Yep. It sure does you know We asked Andrea Andrea Shaw Four-time missile. You know, right there. We had her on yesterday and we said what's the best advice you ever gotten? She said Jay-Coutler told her don't change on people No, they do you a favor. Just be nice. Just be nice just like stay the same. Stay the same You know how many people that are dicks are happy. Yeah, yeah, nobody yeah, nobody But if you're nice to someone you never have to look at over your shoulder and everyone always talks nice about you and You don't have to remember what you told them right? He just told him the truth You know what I mean It's easy to remember that. Yeah, does he learn this last I choose I choose to be brutally honest and have fun I don't remember how brutal I was but oh, well, yeah, yeah, the coma straight into our buddy So yeah, man. Well, we're really happy to have you on that. Thank you very much, man I have a lot of fun. We were just we were just doing a time filler episode and then the goat walks up Ed Colette said all the time Yeah, all of a sudden the show becomes interesting now Scott's got to edit it into an Ed Cohen only episode right everything before Yeah, yeah, no problem. Oh, remember everybody like share subscribe Comment and ring the bell. I am mutant calm go to I am mutant calm and get your all and get your The passage and everyone should get on the gear. How's it? Ed Cohen love having you on the show take thanks, buddy You're you're like you're the type of guy that you could just roll in on top of anybody and we just bump them So thanks for coming by now you're one thing I did notice your wife was very happy to leave you here in Disappear you Anywhere and talk to anybody and I never have to rub me hanging out and it tells you as with Jay yeah, probably I'm top there Okay, okay Eddie Cohen on the show. Thanks everybody. Hey, care guys remember day two at the Arnold We're wrapping it up here pretty soon and remember it's just bodybuilding