I've sought a kept half an eye on bloods and people that run a cube. And I have without seeing people with low-eachedogen on a cube and no other reason for the estrogen to be low. So from that, I have to assume that the cube has an anti-eachedogen effect. But I have also seen people who are in the cube where their e-suggestion is elevated. What's up guys? Welcome back to the podcast with Dave Crosslin. I'm Scott McNeilly. All of our programming is brought to you by you. The people of Patreon. Thank you for supporting our shows. We're also brought to you by Evail Blood Analysis.com. You can get your lab work done by Jolly Old Dave. If you're in the UK. You can also go to truenutrition.com and use our code. Think of the US to get high quality, third party test and supplements. And we can't forget Strom sports nutrition for those of you in the UK. Great health and performance supplements over there. Dave, we're back. How's it going? Okay. You gotta bring, I know it's early. Well it's early here. We're recording like this. We're doing the morning guys. Wake up early. So I can hang out with Dave. You got to bring the energy Dave. We're doing YouTube. You gotta talk with your hands and stuff like that. You know? Do I have to? Sounds like that. Yeah, yeah. You gotta feel like way too much. We're excited. You know? That's what we do. Yay! Yay! Yay! Hey, what's up guys? Yeah, like that. Alright. Today guys, we're gonna talk about a bunch of gear. That's what we always do. But, and I have a special favor to ask of Dave later in the episode. Okay, go. But I'll get back to that. I'll get back to that. So if you guys want to take part in the show, then definitely comment below. You guys filled us up with questions for the last one. Just comment on YouTube on the latest episode of the podcast. We'll next time we do the show. We'll get to your questions. That said, Dave, you're going in for a procedure. Next week. So we're gonna have to take a week off, aren't we? No, I'm going in and I'm Friday. Now we have a lot to go. We go. Oh, okay. Oh, okay. Alright. Well, there's that. So listen, we had somebody ask us, and it's just kind of a vague cycle question. I figured this would be a great place to just jump in. He said, a test, pre-mo, EQ. Is that good to go? Is that a good cycle? It's a vague question. You know what I mean? Just overall, is that good to go? I think the problem with that is potentially going to be, who of a suppressed East region. Hmm. So we were going to dive into EQ at some point. And I know that there's a lot more people talking about potential, estrogen-suppressive effects. Can you tell us a little bit about what your experience has been with that, or what you've learned, what you've gained in recent times in that situation? So from a science perspective, my understanding, and I haven't had a super, super big look at this. So my understanding is that EQ produces a metabolic, there is a very powerful antisuggestion risk only produced in a small amount. So there was a lot of original when it came forward, probably, I mean about six months, maybe twelve months ago, there it came forward. EQ may be East region-suppressive. There was a lot of people that were very mixed on it, and whether this metabolic could actually in the real world impact East region levels. Yeah, I think it was more placed in the big deep dive on it a while back year or so. Since then, I've sought a kept half an eye on bloods and people that running. And I have without now seeing people with low East region on EQ, I know of a reason for the East region to be low. So from that, I have to assume that the EQ has an antisuggestion effect, but I have also seen people in EQ where their East region is elevated. Now, obviously, there's no testing on whether the compounds that people are ringing are correct. So I don't know if the elevation ones were EQ or whether it was some testing there, or vice versa. All I can tell you is that I have seen a occasion where EQ has worked as an antisuggestion. And it's actually, Master on is a similar one where I've seen Master on lower East region levels, but I've also seen only act as a swim. And where Eastern levels actually be quite high where you'd expect the person to be suffering with Eastern related sides and their report in no size whatsoever. So yes, does EQ have an antisuggestion potential? I would say now, yes. Is it widespread? Doesn't appear to be boards? We come back to that. Are they genuinely using EQ? I don't know, because obviously there's no testing in any of this. There's only the blood testing levels. There's no drug testing levels. Yeah. But yes, it would appear to do. So there is the possibility that if you're going to run Primo, which most definitely is anti-Eastogenic, and EQ that you may over suppress East region. I could see that. I think so I have I've seen a little bit of this. Now, any more, though, I've tended to run EQ lower lately, the last several years. And I think part of that might be a lot of the people that I'm using it with are newer guys. Guys, they're not at a point where they're ready to take multiple grand cycles, right? So if we're doing 600 tests and we added in 300 EQ, I haven't noticed anything with that. Where I'm going to say, oh, yeah, that's going to smash your estrogen. You know what I mean? But if we were to get that EQ a little bit higher, let's say we did 600 and 600, then I might be a little bit more concerned. So I guess what I'm kind of getting at is I think that the dose is going to be one of the factors that we have to look at here. I know that a lot of guys lately, they've been tending to want to run their test a little bit on that lower side. Versus 20 years ago, you know, test is best was the main attitude and start with test and build everything off that. Now I'm seeing guys that are doing like, you know, maybe 300 test, right? In 500 450 EQ, you know, and then another 300 pre-emote. So if you had a cycle like that, I'm feeling like sure, you might get more estrogen suppression. But if you're doing like 600 tests, 300 EQ, then I'm not as concerned about it. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, obviously, the dose specific, but I was just basically on all the compounds being the equal dose. Then the venue could potentially run into low-extrogen issues. Yeah. Yeah. And I guess I'm just trying to take it a step further because then then I'm asking myself, okay, well, how do we apply this in real life? And how could we potentially avoid these things, right? You know, how would we go about avoiding a problem? And I think that that's where we get into the dosing. You know, what do you think would it be a dose that might be safer on estrogen, not completely leveling it, say low-dose cycle with those three compounds? How low? We're saying, let's say somebody who's maybe done a couple cycles in their lives. And they have kept it around, you know, 600 milligrams, 750 total, and they're looking to step it up a little bit in this third cycle. So I do two grub of test. Well, you said step it up. A little. I said step it up a little, Dave. That is a little. Um, okay. Probably, I'd probably look somewhere around the 400 tests to 250 EQ to 250 creamer. Okay, okay. Yeah, yeah. I think there'd be a bad thing. I think there'd be a bad thing. I think I think, from a point of view of cycle progression, I try and keep it a gram or round it. Yeah. Total. I think that would be enough. We have, uh, somebody in the stream, he says, um, I run 500 tests, 500 EQ currently with 0.5 ADACS. Monday and Thursday in his E2 E2 is 45. That's state side scale in it. Yeah. So that means it's a little bit on the little bit on the outer range and but not much. Like that's totally acceptable. Heck, if you had a 45, even a T RT, I like I wouldn't say we needed an AI for that, you know. I'd consider that to be a decent place. Hmm. Depending to where is test level, where's your free test at in total test? That'd be my next question to him. How's it going, Dave? Yeah, I mean, that's, that's, that's probably equivalent to about 180, UK, um, which, uh, I would probably have run it a little bit lower, but it would depend on the individuals, personal sensitivity to each region as well. Yeah. I'm just trying to think, um, yeah, a lot of the pens were at the point in his test level as well, because, uh, then I'd have a real fine deal of how much the AI digs is affecting it. Right. And then, because some eyes to the EQ was having an impact. Yeah, yeah. All right, let's see what else we have here, because we do have a bunch of them. You guys freaking left us a bunch of questions. By the way, if anybody in the livestream has any questions, we're hanging out just at the Facebook group, we're recording this at the Facebook group. If anybody wants to join, um, we, we do a lot of stuff over there like, poke fun at Dave and the group. Oh, he says, uh, let's see. So he tested out it, uh, over 1500. So it's, it doesn't give him, he didn't get an exact reading. He just topped it. I don't know what you're talking about. Yeah, he topped it out. All right, let me see what else we have here, though. And by the way, guys, if you're new to our content, we'd love to have you along. So, uh, you know, subscribe, hit the bell plus comments and likes are huge. That stuff helps us a ton. Uh, if you're watching the show, if you're getting kind of value out of it, then please leave us a comment and definitely hit the like button. Thank you. Um, so Scott likes comments and likes what I prefer, cash. Yeah. All right. Uh, he says, uh, hey, folks, I always have low HDL. Can this be genetic related? Whenever I take gear or not, I always am between uh, I always like it. I've always been between 0.8 to 0.9 um, Enmal. I take 550 tests in HcG, only cycles. Um, LDL and the rest of the biomarkers are absolutely fine and within range. Based on what Dave said in the last episode, does this mean that I'm going to have uh, heart issues due to low HDL? Right. So the first thing is it doesn't mean it means there is the potential and there is a very big difference between those two. Uh, it is definitely not absolute. It is definitely not different, definitive. Um, but there is the potential of an increased cardiovascular risk. Yes. However, your HDL adalctoration is not dramatic either. Um, 0.8.9 is not super super low. But it is low. Um, test only would definitely produce that amount of suppression. Very easily, particularly on doses of 550. Um, it all depends on what HDL support you're running uh, in order to try and combat that. Uh, sometimes HDL support has to quite aggressive and even then, it's not necessarily going to keep on top. I, I, I, I, I, I, I, the UK at the moment is all pretty now. It's all pretty moment. Everybody just wants to improve your own mass. Um, I mean, obviously there's a test based there, but I see low HDL levels on a regular basis and even with quite substantial support, we're talking, you know, a grammar such as burger, like 34 grams of acrylic oil. Yeah. And various other mechanisms like polling therapy, they still can't get their HDL into range. But the thing is you build up that HDL in between cycles. So you have a buffer so that when you go on cycle, it inevitably is going to come down. But because you've built a buffer, it doesn't get as low and to the point where it's creating major risk. So, you know, I don't start thinking you're going to drop dead in 10 years. I'm going to heart attack that is most definitely not the case. Um, and as I did say, when it talks about HDL, that the science around it is very disputed. Yeah. There is a lot of argument about how impact in it is on hard or not as the case may be. I know somebody who springs to mind who has continually had low HDL in every blood test with a dump for them. Um, and as far as I'm aware, his last set of checks, he came back. Perfectly fine. So there will be people that naturally are lower in the same way. There will be people that are naturally higher that will occur. And the risk element is debatable. But my old point of view is I would rather err on a side of caution and try and prevent it because I'm not having to do anything super super complex to present it. It's just a bit of supplementation. Yeah. And then find out it wasn't needed. Rather than not bother than find out it was. Yep. I would agree with that 100%. I'm right with you. I can tell you my personal experience was that for good 18 years while competing and pushing hard, my HDL was 25. Okay. Flat out it was 25 forever. You know, bringing it up to like 40 would be ideal, right? I just assumed okay. This is just where I'm at, you know, and and everything else is looking good. My house is looking, you know, pretty solid overall. That said, coming off cycle basically long term now in just running TRT. With the case in a little spurts here and there, maybe a little injectable debuff for a few weeks here and there. My HDL is at like 40 now and it's just holding solid. So I did have, you know, there was a point where I started thinking like, well, is this just genetic? You know, before I ran a lot of gear, we consistently, I didn't do a lot of labs. You know what I mean? It's like, you don't normal person isn't just walking around doing labs all the time. So I wasn't super aware of what my HDL would have been. All I knew was that while I'm cycle, I am off cycle, cycling on and off for a decade, I was at 25. Come off cycle, not at 40. So I did have that potential though there was a period of time. I just treated wondering, hey, maybe I'm just genetically low. Now I was just for an out of gear. There's it. Yeah, and that's it. I mean, but don't be surprised if you can't get it above a certain level. Why you're on cycle? Right. Yeah, no matter what I did, man. Yeah, that wouldn't surprise me in this light, but just make sure that when you're off, you push it as high as you can. Yep. Yeah, I'm going to agree with that. Okay, we had another one here about, uh, let's see. Okay, yeah, yeah, I like this one from Venom. One, two, three. He says, great show guys. Scott, you guys touched on this a bit on the show. What's thinking about competing again in the master's division? Not trying to get a pro card, but uh, do you think just doing my TRT and bringing in some far, farmed grade var for the last four to six weeks? What's a face for to be a good enough look? Um, I'm really trying to keep on the safe side. I really, I just really am falling in love with the idea of prepping again, but not so much the gear. Now this guy messaged me actually with this question. Oh yeah. To which I answered, um, I just said that the inclusion of anava would help with muscle preservation, but I don't see it being very particularly dramatic on the look. Um, I don't think he's going to get a huge amount out of it from a prep point of view in the sense of muscle mass, but it would help with preservation of the muscle that he does currently have. And obviously I don't know where it's physically, so I don't know where it is from a point of view of competing and and standards. But, um, I mean at the end of the day, if you enjoy the process of prep and you which means you are mentally or disturbed and unstable and you're putting in an asylum, but if you enjoy starving yourself and covering yourself in marmite and standing on stage in your underpants, then, um, enjoy it. You know, does it matter then what you present as long as you present the best version of you? And if you stand there knowing that I've done this on just TRT or I've done this on just 40 milligrams of unavail. You're not going to get any medals without nobody gives this shit. But apart from yourself and you can take pride in yourself that you got to stage with minimal drug use and you present the package you presented. It's not going to be compatible to the guy stood next to it. He's been hammering a couple of gram in the off season and, you know, a bagload of trend to get on stage. It isn't compatible, but that isn't the issue if you're just doing what you enjoy. If you're competing for the pleasure of competing, then that's the bit the important, not the where I placed and how many drugs he took and how many drugs I took, that becomes inconsquentially. It's really just the process that you're enjoying. Yeah, I've got a few thoughts. I'll share to first one is that every time that I entered a contest prep and throughout the years I've worked with a lot of people helping them do shows. People enter the contest prep with one idea in mind. Oh, yeah, I'm going to keep it conservative this time. I'm going to keep the test slow. We'll just add in that 25 viral last four weeks. Sometimes as a coach, I've had to step in and say, hey, are you sure you want to do this? Because this isn't what you said three months ago. But people start getting competitive and whatever you were thinking about doing, then you want to double that and then you want to add into other compounds and then you say, hey, I'm doing all this work. So, you know, let's add in this this and this if it can take me further. So, I'd have to say watch out for that competitive nature, because I think you can get yourself carried away. I know I have and basically everybody I've worked with, there's some point or another, is there anything else I should be taking? You know, I don't care how much you're taking, what you're taking is anything else. You know, we want that edge. So, there's that. Second thing is, I mean, cost to benefit 25 viral, for last, what do you say, four to six weeks? I mean, realistically, virus going to be, it's what's an oral, it's 25 viral isn't much. So, I wouldn't expect much damage from that. But then, like, cost to benefit, what would, what would that be compared to say 300 mast damage wise? You know, and I mean, cost to benefit wise, is it that much more detrimental to do eight weeks of 300 mast going into the show? Because personally, I would opt for that. I know Skip, he loves var and he loves it as that finishing touch compound, whereas Andrew and I both agreed in Nate Spear was with us. We all agreed that Winnie has just, in our opinions and our experiences, a much more like nasty, grainy, drier, harder look. So, I'd personally go with Winnie over var in that scenario. I just thought that conversation with somebody was morning, and when you look at the action of the drugs, Winnie off his far more for a last four weeks than vados. Yeah, and that's what I've seen in my experience. But I wonder, how bad off are we? Let's say his test replacement is high in. Let's say he's doing 200. What if for that last eight weeks, he bumped into 300 and had in 300 mast. That to me, that's still a pretty mild overall cycle. You know what I mean, 300 test 300 mast for the last eight seconds into the show. Are you encouraging this gentleman to take more? Don't say those, don't say those words. Don't say those words because that's not like that idea. Explicitly stated he doesn't want to use a lot. Well, what I'm asking myself is like cost to benefit, how damaging is that? I don't see that as being like the end of the world. You know what I mean? Like I don't see that as being taking big risks, you know? No, I think the thing is there's a danger there as well. And we use this opportunity about this and that we rational risk to the point where we see no risk when in fact, it's always it's. But I think there may also be an element in this particular case and the gentleman can definitely messages back if I'm wrong here that it may be a little bit of a case of it's not just the risk element, he just wants to do it whether using 300 mast is safe or equivalent of a low dose of anava from a health risk point of view. I don't think that's so much is the issue, which way he is mentally in the he wants to do what he perceives as being the lowest risk. And naturally most people, if you said 300 megamast 40 megamamava, which is the lowest risk, most people are going to say anava. Most people are going to go that route as if you asked them to pick which was the lowest risk. Whether that's correct or not is irrelevant, it's his personal perception of the risk he's taken. So I think that may be an element to this as well, that it's not just the reality of the drug risk he actually poses to himself in what he chooses, but more than mental perception he has around what he's doing risk wise. I guess kind of what I've seen lately in the last few years has been, it's almost an opposite effect. So you mentioned that and I agree with you 100% that we go into things and we make ourselves believe that there's zero risk. I almost feel like people are trying to people feel like if you did a real cycle, if you were to actually get big, then you're guaranteed to have health problems because of that. Because I have worked with people that we've done things moderately, we've been conservative, we checked labs all the way through. They've never been actually big big before and when it actually starts happening and things start coming together, they get a freight. I've seen that happen people nowadays it's a perspective that didn't happen 20 years ago. They start going, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. I kind of want to back off from this. I do want to get as big as possible, but then they start they start associating poor health with actually reaching their goals. You know what I'm saying? Well, I think the other thing as well is as you start to get bigger, there is that period you go through where you carry your weight badly. And there's a bit of a adjustment to extra muscle mass and there's a period of that settling. And I think that often freaks people out as our shit, I'm super unfitting now, I need to pull size down. Not, I need to do a bit more cardio and get fitter so I carry this weight better, they automatically go, I need to and that's not necessarily the case. Don't get me wrong. Yes, all things being equal, the bigger you are, the more strain on the body, the bigger issue are created. But you can offset that by making sure you're functional at these bigger sizes. And I think a lot of people panic before they get the opportunity to actually correct that and become functional. I've seen a lot of guys and I've worked with guys like you said they get to a certain size and it's like, oh, I'm uncomfortable. I'm struggling to bend it's like, right, get your cardio to do this, do that, get functional. Oh no, I'm just going to drop size. Well I thought you wanted to be big. I thought you wanted to get to a size where you would be impressive. Right. And now you're panicking at the first hurdle of it's a bit uncomfortable. And the reality is if you're going to push a 150 pound above your natural body weight, it ain't going to be comfy when you first go there. You know, it takes time for you adjust to that weight. Yeah. Agreed. And it takes work as well. I mean, he's one of the reasons. The one of the big shifts we've seen in strong man is this increase in functionality at higher body weights. And we now have a lot of strong men that aren't big static powerhouses, their mobile, their functional, they're running around at 200 kilos and they can jump and they can move and they're very functional and that's where strong men's got. I think that's a result. That was a result. Their fits are in healthy authority. Yeah. All right. That was a good question. Good topic. But yeah, get away it out for yourself. I guess at the end of the day. How about this one? How do you prevent existing gyno from developing further? Once you have it, is it more likely to keep growing? Also, is sensitive, nipple really a warning sign that it's further developing? Can it develop without this symptom? Thanks guys. And he said, happy Easter because he commented this on Easter. Happy Easter, by the way, Dave. Did you guys do it like an Easterlycon? Anything did the bunny come? I worked. Did the bunny come to your house though? No. The bunny didn't come? No. I'm going to have to have a talk with Mrs. Crossland then. Did Mrs. Crossland work too? You guys just, uh, guess we're there in the office? I worked too. So don't don't. Well, the problem we had was it was a burnt holiday on the Friday and the Monday. So we had to spend satty running around collecting blood from various clinics to get them to the lab because we have no other way of getting them to the lab. Oh, no kidding. So you were kind of like the Easter bunny, but you were collecting blood samples basically. Oh, that was folks. What was the question? I forgot. I can't remember. Gaino. He said, um, yeah. Yeah. So generally what happens in the process of Gaino is you get information. That information causes sensitivity. That's where you get the itchy feeling. If that information isn't dealt with, then you start to develop the actual tissue. Once you have established Gaino, yes, you are going to be predisposition to get it worse. So you are going to be slightly more sensitive and your risk of increasing does increase. So you do have to be a little bit more guarded in regard to how your manageries should do and protect yourself from Gaino. I don't believe, but I may be wrong, but I don't leave because of the information that you will get progressive Gaino without getting sensitivity. But I'm not fucking, I've been proven wrong so many times. There's, there's every possibility that there will be someone out there who's grown a pair of absolute full-blown double-dits and it's just walk out when they're in there. Yeah, and just and never had any sensitivity whatsoever. So, but in general, it's information sensitivity first, then it's time to submit the tissue. I believe that once tissue is formed, you can get the information anti-sugarov simultaneously because you've already got an existing growth there so that can increase without going through an information stage first. So yeah, I mean that's basically where I'm at with it. I mean the idea would be surgery, but that's not always successful. I've seen a few people have surgery one more recently and they still got very large swellings post surgery that don't seem right at all to me. But they are responding to certain medications we added cable in because we weren't getting anywhere without an yeast for a total which I found really straight. I've this has been really confusing to me. I really don't know what the hell's going on. So, is yeasting wasn't particularly high? He's supposed to have all the gland removed, but the swellings are significantly larger. I mean we're not talking, you know, we're talking big. Yeah. Oh wow. Yeah. And then no joy. Proacting wasn't particularly out of range, wasn't really concerned about it. And so we put in cable and that seems to have had a really positive effect on swellings, but his issues had been in range, it just just didn't make any sense to me whatsoever. I really find it an odd one. But we're able to check other forms, other issues like astron. No, fortunately we're not. We're stuck with E2 which, which yes, there is that. I mean we've tried a combination of A-decks and Nova. Yeah. He didn't seem to have any impact whatsoever. A very mind. His test levels are not pretty. Yeah. Okay. So, everything sort of out. I mean, I was at one point convinced there was some sort of infection going on. About as soon as he took the cable, the swellings dropped significantly. I'll tell you what, I think that there are far more cases of gyno than people think. And when I say that, I mean, some level, some tiny amount of growth. If you were to check everybody build their out there, even if you don't see it, there's been some level of development. Even if it's very small, even if it's unnoticeable. And once you do have that, then you are going to be more sensitive in the future. But I still, I still do think that I'm with you that you're, you're going to, you're going to feel symptoms before that continues to become a problem. I think that once you've, once you've got it, you're going to be more sensitive. And then the key, and this is regular situations. I'm not talking about your specific case, Dave. But once you got it, then you just need to be more careful moving forward to make sure you stay on top of it, make sure that you're vigilant. You know? Yeah. It does require more sensitive management. Once you've got it, yes. So I don't know who this is because it says Facebook user. It says Guy Noe for Natural Guys, as well. So I had Sudo-Gina Commastia as a kid. All right. So I didn't even know what it was. In, in, in fact, it wasn't until I got into bodybuilding that I, I recognized. Oh, wow, I had Guy Noe as a kid. But I, I noticed like, I just remembered like I'd have, I'd put a shirt on, and it would brush my nipple and it would hurt. And sometimes my nipple get real sensitive. And the, the males on my dad's side of the family were like, heavy or chested too. So one of the reasons I actually got into bodybuilding was I was like, man, I don't like the shape of my chest. Because it like, I had like fat down on the lower part of my chest. And I was like, I want to get in shape. If I were to do a bunch of bench press, then that will make my pack look the way I want it to, you know? Lo and behold, it did help. But I just had a fatty deposit. Sudo-Gina Commastia, though, there's no gland. So I got fat development, but I didn't have any gland issues. I don't have any swollen glands. And that happened as a teenager from natural testosterone level. So yeah, you definitely can get it as a natural guy. There's no question about that. I ended up getting LIPO when I was like close to 30. I got into bodybuilding and, and I saved up my money and I was like, you know what? I just want to get this sucked out of my chest because it really had changed the way I felt about myself. It wasn't expensive. But if you do, if you do have a gland, you need to get that cut out. And generally people want to go to a good plastic surgeon. If you go to your general surgeon, they're going to see that as a tumor. And this is going to be a tumor removal surgery. Like they're doing that to protect you, to protect your health. They're not doing it for aesthetics. And you can end up having issues with the look after work. Versus a plastic surgeon is going to remove the tissue. But then they're also going to contour the pack. So you're not going to have like a crater where your nipple once was. All I took from that was Scott used LIPO to prep for coma. I should go back, man. Let's get sucked out of the lower back, crush the abs. I'll tell you what I did notice Dave, when I'd get in shape after that. Like a decade later, I didn't compete for like another, seven years or so. But when I would compete, my chest would get in shape first. I would see striations in my packs long before I had striations anywhere else. But it was worth it to me. You know what I mean? It was worth it to me because it really affected my well-being and stuff. And as a kid, nobody tells you about that stuff. You know what I mean? It's like nobody tells you about those things. And the 90s are just like, hey, just live with it. It's just part of being a kid. What else do we have here, Dave? Okay, so guy who's doing TRT. He says, doesn't matter if your test is dosed at 250 or 350 or 400, assuming he's still using his actual dose. No, I would say the only thing I'd be wary of is I'm always very wary of test doses when he start the claiming to be the round the 400 mark. Yeah. Because generally that high-level concentration is going to hurt like fuckers. If you did a full meal. But as long as you lower your volume to accommodate for the higher concentration, then you're taking exactly the same dose. It makes them a difference. But undoubtedly, I'd be concerned that anything around the 400 mark is actually not dose to what it should be. And I would generally go for a lower dose test as a TRT product because you've got more chance to be correct. Yeah, I'd agree with that. We had somebody the livestream say, I had a buddy when light heavy weights and overall back in the day using 300 tests in 30 var. He built his base years earlier on much more. But he looked damn great at the low doses that he prepped on. One thing I didn't add is it's all going to come down to body fat. If you get absolutely peeled, then you're going to look great on anything you take. It sounds like that was a case with this guy, the light heavy. David, would you do a flat barbell press? Where does the bar fall on your chest? Above or below the nipple or right on it? More or less on it. I would just wait, depends on what part of the pack I'm wanting to focus on. Really, you would change that? So yeah, I mean, if I want to do incline on a flat, say it for argument, say, let's say I've got a chin, you know, because obviously I'm in poor old England that we have no kit and no electric and no running water and we still shit in a box down the bottom of the guard. I thought that's the lead list over there, but I never wanted to offend you by talking about it. Okay, yeah, wow. So, you know, it's fascinating. I trained in only had one bench and that was flat. So if you want to do an incline, you want to just barbell to the neck. Yeah, you could get a rock. You could get a rock and put it under the bench, Dave. So you just benched the neck to get your upper pack. But yeah, no, I would generally aim for sort of mid lower sort of nipple and lower third of the pack. That would be sort of where I'd hit my bar. Yeah, I mean, you go lower than that. I think it's too polished in price. It dominated. I also like to keep the elbows wide as well. Yeah. Yeah, I'm with you. I'm like above the nipple bottom third of the pack somewhere in there. But I think a lot of it as well is I think this is where a lot of people go or don't spend enough time doing this is to play with movements to discover where your sweet spot is. Yeah. So you get a moderate way. Something that you know is enough resistance to feel but it's not over taxing and then you, you know, you go right, whether I come here, what have I come here, what have I tracked there, what have I put me over there, whatever go out and inch on my finger grip. And you play around until you find the spot that really hits it and then they are, you know, you just use your brain and your body's feedback to work out where you need to be. Yeah. Part of the reason I bench the way I benches because it doesn't hurt my shoulders. You know what I mean? It's like that's a big factor right there. What doesn't hurt? I mean, I used to be really weird with Benching and I ended up carrying over into all sets. Not all, oh, sorry, all exercise, not all sets. When I go heavy, like on my heavy set, my first rep would be a half rep. And that was because of the torn peck. There's so much scar tissue in my left peck that as it came down, I could feel it pulling. Oh yeah. So always a bit nervous. So the first rep was a half rep. Then I went back up then I'd come down and touch. And I wouldn't count that first, right? But it would be almost like my staging rep just so I got the feel and then I'd go. Yeah, look at further. I ended up starting, yeah, I ended up starting doing that in Scott's, when my first squat was a half rep that I went full depth on the second one. And I got that ended up creeping into a lot of exercises, but it was actually born of the injury to my peck. I had something here, had a big favor to ask you, Dave. Okay, you want me to read something, don't you? Yeah, yeah. So guys, here was my thought. I feel like Dave could be really good. If he could just, if he wanted to, he could start doing evil. Although you guys would still need your blood worked on, so he needs to keep doing that. Just basically he could retire and he could start just like reading books on tape, but you know, for audible stuff like that. So there's a book in a movie that I've never seen or read, called the Hobbit. Have you heard of this? May, how? Yes. You may have. I was wondering, would you do me a favor? Can you see this here? This is the first line. This is the first line from the Hobbit. Can you, can you read this for me? Because I'm, and I'm going to just sit back and I'm going to pretend like I'm just like relaxing. I've got a half hour off and I'm going to, maybe I'm going to read it for a bit. I'm going to listen to my book on tape as read by Dave Krosslin. In a hole in the ground, they're lived a Hobbit. Not a nasty, dirty, wet hole, filled with the ends of worms and they knew they smell. No. Yet a dry bear, some de-hole, with nothing in it to sit down on or to eat. It was a Hobbit hole and that means comforts. That was good. That was really good. What do you think? Are you solved? I think you're being sarcastic. No, that was really good. I mean, maybe we got to look a little more base, a little more base to your voice. We could do another take and I think we could even get a better but just as a dry run, I'm fucking solved. That's all I got to say. Okay. Well, on that part, you owe me a hundred pounds for that reading. Actually, we probably, we probably owe the people who have that book. I think we're going to get demonetized now. We also had another comment. I could see Dave with a double-headed battle axe if he takes up the mid-eval doing. That way he doesn't have to run around that much either way. No, what I want is I want the axe, where he's an axe blade on one side and he's a hammerhead on the other side. Oh yeah. So I've got both sharp and blunt attacks depending on who I'm buttered. Okay, because you spin it around, right? Yeah. Do you have your big hammer in there somewhere? Still? Do you keep... No, make millions and it won't monster gyms and monster clothing? Yeah. It is now in his possession. Oh, no kidding. You gave it to him or he stole it from you. Yeah. No, no, I love it to him. I was a president because I knew we would appreciate you and get it for it. That was a very nice of you, Dave. He has like a Hora museum. Oh, really? Bainey film, I'm a member of Illya, so he's been added to that collection. Guys Dave was in a movie. It was a German film, was it? Yeah. It was in a short German film. We should revisit your television commercials again. We haven't done that in one time. Your appearances. Yes, I was in the man with the hammer. Yep. And that was the German film. And then I did something full, Lemme say, which is still available on you, shape. We did watch that one and that's where you were like running around and stuff. Yeah. And then obviously there's my two films. Yeah, of course. But you've done other stuff too. You were on there's a... Oh, the pig might have rowinook. The pig might have rowinook. Although you didn't get a good look at Dave. You just saw this big opposing figure. And that was released in the U.S. I saw that. But there was on travel channel. There was like another commercial. It's not like audible. It was something... I can't remember what you were doing in it. I've thought there was the readly odd what I actually did. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, readly. I wonder if we could find that one. That would be a good one. I should look for it and we'll bring that up guys. If you can think of anything the best one was the bounty advert. No plenty. So the total, the batch, the kitchen tissue, kitchen top. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. I wonder if I could find that one sheet. That got banned. No, it got banned. I can't find it anywhere. Oh, why did it get banned? Sexual in Uganda. Oh, really? Yeah, it's because Dave had a moody helmet and one sheet needed to polish my helmet with the kitchen top. Okay. Honestly, that was the biggest laugh ever filming that. Because we must have done 50 takes because every time we did to take someone cracked up laughing. Yeah. So the guy in the ad sheet is a Spanish guy called one sheet because it only takes one sheet of this kitchen top, the clean and premise. How do you hold down a set? Let me, let me just go to YouTube by you tell the story. I'm going to look. How do you, is it like J. U. A. N. Yeah. And he's accent sounds like he's a put on Spanish accent. It's not that's how he really talks. Okay. So he, they did a series of adverts. And one of them was how tiny Dave has a moody helmet. Okay. And he stood facing camera. I'm dressed as a bike and I've got a bike a helmet under my arm that's got basically a lumbar bird shit on the front of it. Okay. And the wheel me in on this platform and it was so clunky and an amateur issue. But it was supposed to look like that. It was supposed to look really stupid. Yeah. So they wheel me in and the rope pulling the platform broke. So they then had to lay on the floor and try and push me in at a camera shot. And just everybody just crack up laughing constantly. And then he says, this is my friend, tiny Dave, even tiny Dave has a moody helmet. And it only takes one sheet to polish Dave's helmet. And every time he delivered this line, somebody in the crew pissed themselves laughing. We got to find him. We just have to kept and then we couldn't do anything for laughing. Anyway, got banned. And I cannot get a copy of it anywhere. I've tried. Guys, if you can find that, the one sheet, with Dave as a bicycleist, right? That's what you're saying. Like that kind of bike or? No, no bike or bike or mobs or bike. I love a jacket. Big helmet. Oh, about. Okay. Okay. If you guys can find that, let us know, send it to me, make the alley dites at Gmail or send it to Dave. We got to get that on here. We got a couple more questions. Has it been covered on he said, D and stuff. And it draw raises blood glucose. Right. Now this came up in, where did this come up? Might be on the page. That's where I got it from. Yeah. Yes. So looking at there seems to be too, too, almost opposing sets here. When you look at research around antibiotics, generally they will lower BG and increase insulin sensitivity. I thought it was the weird noise. Hang on. No, no, no. Just listen. Okay. Okay. However, with the case of anobotanodrol in diabetes, it has the opposite effect. But there are studies that show an increase in, because I actually bought a study on the page that showed an increase in BG sensitivity. Okay. Yeah. I've always heard the opposite the antibiotics will lower sensitivity. Interestingly, so I'll tell you what. I mean, but if you're seeing research, there's that. I spoke to him. I've a look on the page. I'll take a look at it. I spoke to a client who has type one, former client, worked with him in the past. And I asked him what his experience has been. And he said that he noticed the opposite effect. And he said that NPP was the biggest standout that he found that he was getting a lowered blood sugar. Yeah. That's what the research I was looking at stated. Yeah. I've always heard and thought that antibiotics would interfere with blood sugar. But I'm not saying I'm right. You have to look at the, uh, I'll pull that up. And that would be a good question to get Dr. Scott to weigh in on two, I think. We did get asked that a while back. And we never, we never dug into it. Yeah. I mean, I had a quit look and there was, there was definitely data around worsening people with existing conditions. But there was, there was a study showing an increase in insulin sensitivity with the use of animal weight. Okay. Okay. I believe. And I pulled that, I pulled that study on the page. So if you pulled that up, and hopefully, now you've got me thinking, did I, did I fucking make this up in my head? No, no, no, I mean, I, I'm taking a word on it. Let's, let's, let's, uh, let's come back to it at some point. I can't pull it up at the minute. Why don't they? Um, because people don't want to see me just sit here as scroll down. That's what you know me. All right. Does anyone use a mouth guard for sleep apnea? If so, what brand do you like? This is from Brandon over at the, uh, the Facebook group for Think Big. He says, I'm not big enough to need a CPAP yet, but I was told recently that occasionally I stopped breathing and gasped in my sleep, hoping a mouthpiece will help some. I think it needs to get a sleep study done. Yeah, I've never had any experience. I went straight to a CPAP machine. So I've never had any experience. Um, to, um, to the mouth guard. So I don't know if they're any good. Yeah. Here's what I noticed is I thought that I, I, I'm much like him, I would occasionally wake up gasping or I'd occasionally snore, but it was minimal. And then when I got tested, they're like, oh, yeah, no, you, you woke up like 250 times in an hour. You know, like you just don't, you don't know it because you immediately fall back to sleep. So it's like you just come into consciousness and back out and you're not even aware that it's happening if you have sleep apnea. If it's bad enough that you actually wake up gasping, those are like the worst moments, the absolute worst moments, but generally there's going to be other moments, you know, that that you don't really register. So I would say a sleep study would be the route to go. And if you need to CPAP, then that's more important than just for bodybuilding. You know, that's for your health as well, right? I've got that study by the way. Okay. What you got? So it says Oxymethylone emelorates insulin sensitivity in maintenance, he medialisers patients. And it looks at it and it basically says that patients by increasing skeletal muscle function is stimulated in myocyc glucose, of Jacob Metabolism, through the use of Oxymethylone, HD patients treated with short-term oral oxymethylone showed an increase in insulin sensitivity when compared to the placebo group. Okay. The way I'd always understood it was that even if you have, even if the pancreas is releasing insulin, that the antibiotics will trigger the liver to continue releasing glucose. Okay. I believe there's some action around the gluten-corder-coated receptor as well. And S-S-S-I-B-G, but I'm not sure exactly what that is. We could have a look at Eve, you want for next week. Yeah, let's do that. Let's do that. Remind me. Dave? She's an odd question for the new Game of Thrones, prequel. What for? The fat. I'm bastard of the city's in the corner. Dave, you've got to be nicer to yourself. I am nicer to myself. I'm just honest, that's all. I'm very nice to myself. I'm having a ginger coffee. It sounds terrible. When I just drink regular coffee, that's a ginger coffee. Does I have like ginger in it? Or is it for redheads? Yes, Dave. Dave's just looking at me now. I feel uncomfortable. We've got one more. We also have Uncle Dave's advice for the day. We need some wisdom. Scott, do you have a neighborhood watch scheme where you live? I don't know why. Just one. All right, one more. He says um, question for the podcast and the audience. Oh, okay. Have you guys ever experienced the feeling of warmth, heat while taking gear? I don't mean compounds like it's clean, DNP, crazy stuff. I mean regular basic gear. In my case, I'm currently on 450 tests, 400 EQ per week, and I feel as if it's summer, and it's actually not. Outside, it's about 15 to 17 degrees. But when I go out wearing a sweatshirt or jacket, I still feel like you'll go outside wearing a sweatshirt and jacket because he doesn't feel like he needs to wear a heavy coat, basically. He's hot all the time on cycle. Yep. Yeah. Yep. My wife didn't, my wife just turned the heat enough in the house and just used me as a radio. Yeah. You ever noticed, you can, if you close the door, like you can heat the battery up overnight. Like you get like hot and musty, especially Dave 350 pound man, it would be like having like some sort of one of those anabolic, um, myhosted and negative cows, the big, the big bulls all beefed up, you know? She, she used to actually complain. I made the bed too hot. Yeah, I've heard that myself. Yeah. So yes, it does my friend. Don't worry about it. It's an increasing your metabolic pathways, your metabolism of everything, an increasing energy turnover, which has a side effect of generating heat. Yes. So wisdom of the day, Dave. Oh, I haven't really got any to the, you can't, but you're just, you're filled with wisdom, I know. You're really, really, really pleased to meet today. You've just uncle Dave's advice, you know, this is, you, you have one thing that you need to prepare each week, Dave. Other than that, you just show up and then you blame me with anything goes wrong. I'm lucky you look here, show it up today. Why? I don't know, just, you know, I just, I don't know, I'm just, I've got a soul recently, Miller. The people in this year, Dave, by the way, and we did get a lot of messages to people saying, like, hey, we hope that Dave is well and covers from his, his personality, so, so, just, just, just, just for this, into context. A lot of these. The procedure I'm having is actually as a procedure, very, very simple, it only lasts 20 minutes. I'm in hospital for a total of four to five hours. That's it. The procedure's not particularly complex. Yes, there is a risk of infection post that needs to be monitored. But, over the, that, that, the, the, the problem element is whether this bastard machine starts firing or not. Because if that does, then it starts to impact me quite significantly. And we won't know how the machine is going to read me until it's in me. You don't want it to fire, right? No, no. If it fires at stage one, I'm not allowed to drive for a month. If it fires at stage two, I'm not allowed to drive for six months. Let me ask you a question. Real, real talk. That is it. But, will you, will you actually not drive for six months? That actually can I? I would, I would find it very difficult. Yeah. Um, though I must admit, Boss Lady would probably be very strict on trying to enforce it. Yeah. Do you have to hide your food? I would find it. I would find it very difficult. Yes. There's no denying that. I don't for one second pretend that. But, so, the, the problem is potentially just getting a thing tuned into me, which can take a bit of time. So, we are above that. It's, it's not something I need now. It's something they want in now. So, it's ready for when I do need it in 10 years time. Um, so that's, that's a, please guys, though I appreciate the, the concerns I genuinely do and thank you for them. Don't stress, it's nothing major. Honestly, it is not a big deal. As long as I think doesn't start firing afterward. Well, that just makes it really inconvenient for me if it starts firing, because we start firing stage two. That fucker. Yeah. Yeah. Can we try it just like once? Is there an external button that I can press sometimes? Just try and keep on doing. You can fuck. You can fuck about with it if you put a magnet in there. So, we can, I'll get a magnet, we can play around. Get a good couple strong magnets and here we can do. Um, and the other inconveniences that this is as high as I can take my arm. I'll do it on this arm, but it's my left arm. This is high as I can take my arm for eight weeks. Jesus. Get your sugar, your cardiot. Yeah, but it sits in a pocket. They create my left back. So, and the wire goes from the machine down into my heart. So, if I lift my arm, it lifts the back and then pulls the wire, the wire will get moved out of position, because it needs to seat and root and obviously flesh the around it scar tissue all the advice. So, you're going to basically be a cyborg. I'm aiming on it. I've always wanted to be a cyborg. Yeah. I think that's a very wonderful. Yeah. I would happily lose this wrist at the moment. It is give me some shit today. Really. Dave's advice. Let me think. You can't say keeps winning. Why? Yes, my default one. Can't say it. He said it so many times. I didn't even know about that movie until you told us. And then I cut, you didn't know this because you never watch our show. When you actually did that one, I cut out, I got that video and I cut out the part where that little fish says that and I added it into the show. It's the best advice I've had given on any film in the history of mankind, isn't it? Yes, it's win. It really has been a nice. It's simple, but it's true. So, there you go. I don't even have to tell you this. I may have done this in passing. I'm old. I'm losing my memory. I think I'm going to see now. So, I forget your shit very regularly. Blame it under deck. Yes. Blame it under deck. You'd definitely. What was what's decker? Who used decker? What? Dave used to be a bodybuilder. Yeah, he did the movie. That's why my dick's so small. Ah! The... everything in life has a cost, has a price. It's always worth taking the time to make sure you understand the cost. Everything. Everything. Everything. Everything we do. There's no free anything. There is a price somewhere long-line. You may not immediately or directly pay it, but come a day where it's due to be paid. Yeah. Yeah, I'm with that 100%. So, when you're looking at things and you're trying to make decisions and this is about anything, the old adage of it, the deal is too good. It probably is. It's true. Everything has a price. Yeah, I go with that. And where we usually come on stock is where we agree to purchase whatever. And I don't mean purchase with money. I mean purchases in time, investment, effort. Whatever we do. Yeah. Without fully realizing what it's going to cost as long-term. Yeah, I'd go with that, man. There's no question. So, names are just financial. So, names are the other words. Yeah, yeah, no. Sometimes it makes sense. It's otherwise. And I find the only other thing I would also say, and it's a very old saying is don't put off for tomorrow what you can do for today. Very old saying, but very true. If you have the time and you have things to do, do them. Yeah. Because the sooner you clear your sheet, if this shit does happen to it, the fund and next day, you're not still trying to do with a crap you should have dealt with the day before. Yeah. Yeah. I think so. There are two things. Yeah. Yeah, but I'll work with you today. Probably about 10 reports. So, it's not too bad. Two submission reports. Review and finalize a police report send out. And I think that's... Orders from Kenologue. Some water, some water, canologue. What's Kenologue? It's a... Heavy-vid drug. So, you do one shot and then it stops you getting heavy-vid all year. Oh, no, Kenny. Is that for you or for a client, customer? For me, but it also works well with arthritis as well. Oh, no, Kenny. Let's go do now. So, you had just little bits and bats really, a few clients, bits and bats and stuff like that. So, it probably another four hours. All right. Probably tell me about seven or seven. Yeah. I've got, uh, I'm just getting my day started. So, after we get done, I'm going to do my, uh, my check-ins and edit the shows. Keep things rolling. We've got to get you on, um, we've got to get you on, uh, it's just bodybuilding one day soon. Are they allowed? Yeah, we wanted, we wanted you there for a long time. I didn't think I would come up to standard to be on such a steep slope. Yeah. We've wanted you ever since the start day, since episode one. So, you see, when it comes to think of bodybuilding media people, you have, Scott Stevenson is like the penthouse. He's the top floor. He's the posh stuff. Okay. He's smart. He's a smart guy. Yeah. Then you've got the bodybuilding nerves and the other one. Well, bodybuilding nerves doesn't happen anymore. That shows over. Oh, okay. I don't have another name as it is shows, but you've got the other one we'd run and dust in everything and that's like your midrange, good value for money, high quality product. And then this show is like the basement where it's all stuff from two seasons ago that nobody wants. You can buy a full wardrobe for a pound. You know, this is where we sit. This is, bargain basement, everything pile. It's like when there's still selling cassette tapes at a service station and then they'd like 25 bands for 30. You know, because that's the other end of all. That's this show. Yeah. That's the show. Well, it makes for a good crossover. We got a funny comment, actually. I think I was trying to say it and it didn't come out, but somebody said it for me. Remember that picture of you and Ron and Dusty and Christmas cabbage together, this one here? Somebody said, Dave looks like a kid from the Make a Wish Foundation. I do look very special needs. I can't even argue with that. That's why we love you, Dave. You have a good sense of humor. You can make fun of yourself. That is definitely a full blow show, boss window-looking fucker that's a shout out. Well, we got to getcha in that show. So the guys are going to Kologne. I'm not going with him this year. It was not invited. But then again, though, I don't feel like I really connected to a lot of people at Kologne. The German audience and the England, excuse me, the German and the European audience, they were different than the UK people. They're like a little bit more standoffish, versus UK people were like, oh, hey, Scott, what's going on, man? I love the shows. In the US, they're like that, but even more. You go to Europe and they're like, oh, hello. Yeah, what's in that product there? Oh, yeah. Yeah. Okay. Well, have a nice day. By the way, I like your podcast. They say it as they're walking away. I'm like, why don't you just leave with that? I didn't even know you knew who I was, you know? Oh, yeah. Um, my reserve. I've never been to Feebo. I saw what I've wanted to go. Yeah. But at the same time, I'm not sure if I can cope with that much bodybuilding. It's only one room about a building. The rest of it is like, dude, we would have so much fun if we just went there to just go and walk around. I, in fact, that would be like a solid fun day. I wouldn't want to go back for the second, third or fourth day. But if we just went there for one day, we could go to the bodybuilding expo. And then there's basically like, you know, the Arnold is this in the US. It's huge, right? And that's just one building, one room. The, the Feebo is like multiple rooms just like that. But they're all different. So like we could go to the gym equipment, why didn't go look at all the machines, go get some lunch and then go to the other gym equipment, why didn't we go to the gym equipment? That's what I mean. It's all sort of bodybuilding issue. And I don't know if I can cope with that much bodybuilding. Yeah. So I'm going to have a day in this week. Oh, yeah, yeah, you mentioned that. Yeah. So we drive up for a day, um, seven hours a day. And then we've got the show on Sunday and we're doing a stand at the show on Sunday as well. So they're low key for us, point of view and not pointing anything up or anything. Okay. Are you guys doing labs there? Yeah. Yeah. What's it doing? Let's, uh, and then the weekend after we're in Glasgow for the PCI Scotland. Oh, okay. And when you guys set up something like that, will you do like bloodletting right there on the spot too? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's great. We, we, we generally for event like that, what we'll do is we'll take a few runners and we'll just screen off round the chair so it's semi-private. Yeah. Um, we don't bother with 10 or that side of things. It's too much hassle for the venue and it's too much hassle for us to be quite fair. Because it means taking a van where we can just take a, oh yeah, we've ordered our new. Stund. Oh, really? Yeah. Custom built no stand. What do you mean? Like what's a new stand gonna be like that? Oh, God, don't you? It's right. But it's like the background and stuff, like the booth. You're me. So, so yeah, what we're doing, we're sticking with our lava inflatable. Okay. But what we've decided is so the big, big tent, the two, the two, TD 10, it's just, it's just too big and it's too impractical. So we're, we're getting rid of that. Complete, we're gonna sell that. We're keeping big red because it's still a good tent and well known and recognised. We have a white box that's for me as by for me is that we use for small events to create a clinical room. Okay. Yeah. And then we're getting a new stand, but we're getting stand elements as well so it becomes modular. Stand on, man. Yeah, so I know that sounds a bit weird. So what we're gonna have is we're gonna have a main stand part which is gonna be like six by four. Yeah. Yeah. That's really not for me as high. Yeah, and three and a half meters high. But then we're gonna have, now that will work for the Arnold's because we can't afford to go any bigger than that at the Arnold's. But then for like fittings where we get more space. Yeah. We've got over elements that we will then fit in that extra space that becomes sort of modular. And then if we're doing a small show, we can take one of these modular elements and put it at that show as a part of marketing piece. And there's all sorts of mud stuff we're doing. But it's all a bit fun. It's all a bit of a laugh stuff. It's not serious stuff. Okay. Well, like the sounds of this. So all being well because fittings mantis are in five weeks. So all being well they're trying to have everything ready for fittings mantis. Okay. That's fantastic, man. Well, I hope that it works out in time. And yeah, guys, go to evellblutonalsys.com. You can get your lab work done by Dave or show up at one of these events. If you're in the UK, you can literally, you don't even have to make an appointment, right? You just walk in and be like, hey, Dave, I need to get my lab's checked, right? Not the events. Yeah. We don't do any booking system at the events just turn off. There you go. Plus like vitamin IVs. You guys do that kind of stuff there, too. We do. Yes. We do. Yeah. You need to book if you're going to a clinic. But if you're going to one of the events, not the chimney vents, all that expi events, these holes just walk in. You go to www.trudetrition.com. Use our code, think over there for everything you need, high-quality protein powders, carb powders, and basically at wholesale prices, use our code, think to get additional savings, strong sports nutrition. You're going to need to shop at strong to help out rich because Rick had the the pectare, which I don't want to put the picture up. You showed me the pectare. It's all down as arm is purple now. But he's going to need to pay for that surgery somehow. So buy some strong products to help Rick out, right? Yeah. And he's not that good at sex. So he can't work it off. And supplement source.ca for our Canadians. Guys, comment below with questions for the next show in for another episode of the D& Stuff podcast. Guys, we'll see you soon. Thanks Dave.