What's up guys? Welcome back to Blood Sweat and Geareth Coaches Skip Hill. Andrew Barry and myself, Scott McNaley, all of our programming is brought to you by TruNutrition.com. Use our code think over there for additional savings on high quality, third party, tested, supplements, some of the purest cleanest. One of the most transparent companies that is out there today, check out TruNutrition. And of course, we are brought to you by SupplementSource.ca for Canadians. They've got great deals that change week to week. Thank you to everybody for Patreon. We got some Patreon stuff lined up today into Patreon, physique critique. Before we get into that, Andrew, you were out at Tampa Pro. I mean, that was kind of in your backyard. But you're going to do some traveling this weekend. You're heading to Dallas too. But what was going on at Tampa? Did you get to meet new listeners and how did everything go, man? I'm going to tell you, if I met listeners, I have to apologize. It is a whirlwind. Like from, and we actually, even though we only lived 25 minutes away, we stayed at the Host Hotel from Wednesday through Sunday just because to go back and forth. And I had five athletes in the show. Nice. Yeah, it was just a busy weekend. Let me start off by saying, I made a major mistake. One that wasn't good. You know, you tell your athletes, when you hear about like coaches like their athlete, missed their class and you're like, oh, what an idiot. How did you now have her in on stage? You know? Well, so this is the first time I've ever seen them move wellness to like right after bodybuilding in the any amateurs. And typically wellness is right in Fort Bikini or towards the end of the show. Show started eight o'clock and I told my wellness girl first time or two, be backstage ready to go at eight thirty. You know, have you drinking hand all the stuff, the preparation stuff that we have. I'm big, just be ready to eight thirty. Yeah. So, and I was like, I'm going to get there right at eight thirty because I'm upstairs looking at my prose because I had four four pros that were going on right after that. Okay. I come down. It's eight thirty and she's standing there and I'm kind of looking around. I'm like, where's the other girls with big glutes? I don't see any. Like what's going on? So go to the expediter and I'm like, yo, how long do you think till wellness girls need to start warming up? And he's like, well, they were done 15 minutes ago. And I'm like, is one of those like hits you in the face. I'm like, oh my god. Now, luckily, there was like seven girls that were in that situation because, you know, they had hair make up points and stuff and, and, you know, typically you don't need to be ready right at eight o'clock when an amateur show starts because wellness goes later. Is it? Is it? Did they change the, they did something weird? Yeah. Yeah. So they did something weird and they're like, well, we told people those casual events at the athlete meeting at at seven thirty. It's like, yeah, I'm not going to the athletes meeting when I'm running up and down, you know, taking elevators back and forth to people's rooms to look at them, you know. Yeah. So anyway, they did let them, all the girls walk at night and they actually did a re-judge, which was nice. So, oh, you're kidding. Yeah. But because of that, when I make a mistake, I'm going to do everything I can to, to make it right. I told her, hey, I want you to have the full experience. There's another show on Saturday. I'll be there for you. So it's here and forward. So I'm going to go to a show, an amateur show on Saturday. This is after, now tomorrow, I got a cut to plain to go to Texas. Oh, it's a safe. Yeah, go to Texas. Dallas. Yeah, go into the Texas Pro to peak a first time figure pro, getting on stage for her pro debut. I'm going to make it through pre-judging for that one and then catch a flight back to Orlando for the amateurs that the mistake I made put it that way. But no, Tampa Pro was good dude. You know, I had, my master's guy, Brandon Alexander got second place in the 40 plus. He looked excellent. His best look by far, he was up. I think eight or nine pounds from when he turned pro at North America's last year. And the same condition. And then on Saturday, I had a wellness amateur and then two pro bikini, my figure pro, in her pro debut, got fourth place, which was excellent. And then Brandon also did the open pro, open body building. So okay, to say it was a lot of lack of sleep, lack of meals. I think I lost about eight or nine pounds. If I look like a age like seven or eight years, that's why I did. Yeah, I mean, I saw you fight your dog with YouTube. Yeah, he goes with us everywhere. You know, he is a service animal with an asteroids. And he goes with us everywhere we go. So he was backstage with me and kind of hangs on my side the whole time. So I mean, full supported that you're getting more eccentric like skip as you age. And I was like, oh, yeah. So genuine that you know, did see me. You know, I, I, I hope I wave back to you. I was in the zone just focusing on athletes all weekend. Like we do when we're out shows and stuff. So well, hey, at this show, there is one person you have to meet. And I told him to look for you. And that is our very own UC summa. Matt Marshall will be doing his second show of the season there. He's already there to him and Kate Denonzo both flew out. They've been training at the gyms going to destination Dallas. They said like 24 of the 26 open bodybuilders were there at destination yesterday. It's it's looking for getting credible man. He saw Jordan there and said, everybody is looking, you know, lights out. So this is going to be a massive, like if Tampa was big, this is going to be a massive show. Tampa was good. The first call that was excellent. You know, Jordan Hutchinson. Yeah. And my mind, I thought he won both pre-judging and finals. You know, some people thought Samson looked a little bit better at times. Samson's been talking. I'm sorry. Quentin, I'm going, I'm going to my next point. Yeah. Quentin's got a better shape and structure than Samson does. So if he has the ability to put on the tissue, you might be looking at a Mr. Olympia. Just he needs to put on like another 20 pounds, like Samson did a couple years ago. And he might be that guy because his waist is just non-existent for an open pro. And now so the listeners were telling us too, in the comments that he did, and it's just bodybuilding this week, that he did his own prep too. Like he did his own diet, that his own peaky nailed it. Sounds like it. Yeah. I was watching some of his YouTube videos and I thought, man, I think this guy's out of shape. And I'm always happy to say when I'm wrong, you know, because we just want to see the best body builders on stage, right? We want to see everyone peaked, looking 100%. And I was just looking at some stuff going into the show and I'm like, I think he's behind. I don't think he's there yet. But now he was in shape and it was a very close show between the two of them. I definitely agree with the judge into decision. But the cool thing is we get to see a rematch this weekend. So yeah, it's going to be incredible. Hey, speak it real quick, speaking of being wrong. I think we got some bad intel. We had like the worst picture of Joe that we could have had in that show in our last episode. So he looked absolutely incredible on stage. Like we watched that. I know it's just bodybuilding this week. That posing routine posing was incredible. Condition was incredible. The dude is absolutely massive and he nailed it. So yeah. That's another one where I'm happy to say we were wrong with our projections. Because again, we just want to see like we weren't, we don't have any dog and if I we don't we don't we right malice towards anyone. We just want to see the best bodybuilders in the best quality show possible. And honestly, he probably stole the show in terms of not going to say newcomer because it wasn't his first show. But everybody was talking about him and everybody was talking about him. This guy could be second or even first. If he had maybe since slightly different structure from the front, his side shots lights out smoked everybody. His rear double people were walking around. He was like, this is the best back in bodybuilding. Yeah. You know. And he was dialed in. I think he's coached by Justin Compton. And okay. They did a great job. Yeah. He looked incredible. So this upcoming weekend, though, man, I am freaking pumped. I'm excited for Matt. You know, I'm excited for him to get to do this. So we were in that position. I showed you as picture of the morning injury. He was just like, we're not doing anything different. I don't think there's any reason to change anything. You know what I mean? It's like, we can ride that in all day long. Also too. You know, yeah, go ahead. I was going to say the picture sent me his skin is thin. Like paper thin. So he's in the great condition. I wanted to give a shout out to to I.B. Pro Jason Low. He listened to the podcast. I've got I pulled up one of his videos. So he was at Tampa. And now he is going to be at the show this weekend. And this is posing routine from last week. It you guys realize, too. He was a men's physique competitor initially. And then he's like, yeah, I think I'm going to move up to classic. I'm just like, yeah, I think I'm going to move up to T12. Any had wrapped a last year talking to him at the Olympium, man. So he's apparently gone to that arms. He's got the kind of arms like an only dream of. Oh, yeah, right. He always had those arms to I think. He's one of those guys who probably had like crazy arms since a team. He was a teenager. You know what I mean? Yeah, he looked great. Yeah. So shout out to him. Here's that look at the arms in the shot. They get almost looked like a photo shot or something doesn't it? Yeah. Yeah. That's like the night after the show I had a or the day after the show. I had a burger and fries in a nice cream. And I went into training just to see what I look like. And then in those things are full blown. Yeah. Incredible. So anyway, you're still going. Yeah. I'll go ahead and say we also have another listener, Mike von Roz is making his protebio out of Maine. So okay. That should be cool to see. Hell yeah. Hell yeah. That'll be awesome. Shout out to him. And shout out to everybody else. Any of our listeners and staff who are making it out there. Look for Andrew, pastor, him, bother him. He'll be there at least through prejudging. And then you got to fly home to do the I'm on the street. I'm on the street. I'm on the street. I'm on the street. I'm on the street. I'm on the street. Yeah. Because it's a two day show, right? So I'm going to be able to watch classic 2012 and figure. And then I think wellness also. I'm not going to get to see open unfortunately. Because I got to fly back out to Orlando. Okay. Okay. Okay. All right. Well listen, we do have a bunch of stuff. I know we had another physique critique. We had a bunch of questions. I guess I could jump straight into that critique. All right. So Jake says this. He says, hey, Scott, I just wanted to say, again, how much I love the shows. They've certainly become my daily staple in prep. Current physique shots. And here's some details. So he's 24 years old. 228 pounds, five eleven. He's in classic physique. That's his main goal. He's also going to do open at the state show for fun. He's five point five weeks out from show one. Current cycle. He says can't include if you like. This says 300 milligrams of test E per week, 700 milligrams of mast E per week, 70 milligrams of trend ACE per week and 20 milligrams of wind stroke every day. No GH because I'm trying to make weight, LOL. He's also on two milligrams of redda per week, 60 milligrams of clen every day, 25 T3 every day, 125 T4 every day, five milligrams of Eohin vine and 400 micrograms of SLUPP332. He's been training since he was 14. Let's see. Do do do do anything else we need to go into. I think that about covers it. I mean, bring these pictures pretty mild. Yeah, overall for a sample. Yeah, yeah. I agree with you, man. Check this guy out too. He looks pretty good. Yeah. He looks like good condition for five weeks out, right? Yeah, what shows you doing? He didn't say state level show. Oh, okay. Wow. That's the question. He'll do well. Yeah, he says first show is the state level show. So I'm assuming that means he's going to do. I think he's Australia actually. Okay. Oh, you know what? Because they're starting, I think they call it season B. Okay. Like, you know, over here, I was just on the, on the, I call with one of my Australian clients last night who coaches a lot of people himself and he always says like season A, season B. And I'm like, what does that even mean? And he explained it to me. Like, over here, we've got in the United States, there could be 10 different shows going on around the country or meet or more even. You know, sometimes there's two shows and Florida on the same day. Yeah. Whereas over there, all their shows are, they start like three weeks out before their nationals. So you have like your, your local show, then you have like your regionals. And then you have like your national pro qualifier shows. And okay, that would say this. It's, it's really hard in other countries to turn pro because like an Australia, like one guy gets an open pro card. I think per season. So I think it's like two two open pro cards per year. And then okay, there might be a couple, it might be a few more classic pro cards. But it's like, you know, over here, you feel like someone else turned pro every other weekend. It feels like, you know, which is a whole discussion on its own. But yeah, he looks really good. I like that front double. Yeah, yeah, I think he's going to be great for classic especially. The conditioning is looking on point. What would be any critiques that we have for him? Can you keep going through the pictures? Yep. I wouldn't use that for your last bread. I wouldn't do the leg flare on the last bread necessarily. What would you do legs to more together? Like I would do straight on on this one. Yeah. Yeah. I'd like to see how that looks. The only thing is his legs might overpower his up on the wall. Which is exactly what I was thinking. That's what I was thinking. That's what I was thinking. I don't know. Maybe that's why he's got his leg kicked out. I would just tweak posing a little bit. I think he can make himself look more muscular here by see if we don't see the back shoulder much. Okay. You can tell he's got a nice pack. A nice nice set of packs. Yeah. And he doesn't even need to rotate his body. It's really just he needs to push that left shoulder a little bit. And we're going to see that back pack really balloon up. And we're going to see the silhouette of the front and side delts. And it's going to make him appear like he's much more wider up top compared to his waist. Yeah. So just like nitpicky little tweaks to his posing. But yeah keep going. I feel like that's a standout shot form that rear double. I agree. In classic that's going to be really good. Yeah. I would say don't let your glutes get any bigger though. Yeah. Yeah. He's an example of a guy. He's probably one of those guys. Like, oh, I never did glutes. I just, you know, squatted. He's probably that guy, you know. I was the opposite. That's the old one would say he got that thing on him. Pretty balanced. There's nothing. There's no glaring weakness. Yeah. Yeah. I like that shot a lot. You can get a little bit wider in his front rear relaxed with how he's where he's positioned in his elbows. Okay. I think you can open up just a little bit more. I was telling like own your space. You know what I mean? Like like, you know, like at the Olympia where you see guys kind of like crowding into each other to try to, you know, maybe take some of their space. Yeah. Go one of that mindset so that whole square is yours and no one's going to be crouching about, you know, you know, you know, you're discomb back fire when, and next thing, you know, the arms are way up to the side and then yeah, you know, you're riding the Harley or you're riding the chopper or something. But I think you can open up a little bit more and it's going to bring his lats out a little bit more and balance out compared to those quads. Okay. But solid physique solid physique. Yeah. Yeah. I'm going to tell him, let's some send us some pictures when you're like a couple days out. I want to see if that's going to be lights out nuts. Yeah. Is it five five and a half weeks? Oh, the first show. Yeah. So that means he's doing another one. You know, yeah. Yeah. He looks good. Great. It's good. A couple of nice really, really nice classic shots in here too. That's a great pose on him. I like that. Agreed. Yeah. And he does have a very classic look. I and I could imagine if he just has like I'm just looking at this pose here. He's going to obviously continue growing or or maybe not he said he needed to make what he needed to not use growth so he could make weight. But I'm just thinking like what would that look like with like five more pounds up top? You know, it's just going to get more dramatic. The more muscle he puts on. Well, that's the thing with classic, right? Because like you might barely make weight five years in a row or four years in a row, right? Yeah. But you just find that you get more and more conditioned, right? Yeah. Because like he's not going to have a balloon up off season. If he's already a cap, but he's going to stay in better shape and he's going to focus on quality tissue. And then every year he gets into shape for his contest, he's going to still make weight. But he's just going to be a little bit sharper every time or he's going to have to dry out just a little bit more just to make weight before filling back out. Yeah. Jeremy, if you're listening, which you probably are, that could be an option for you, too. Then man, look at it that way. He made weight at 194, but it took everything we had to get him to make weight. And he really doesn't have room to add another 10 pounds. But hey, I'll tell you what, my first show. I was 178, middleweight. My second show. I was 172, middleweight, dramatically leaner, number one. But I was bigger, much, much bigger too. And I realized, oh God, I have a lot more room. That I could grow here, still, in this division. That was the last time I did middleweight, but after that I went to the late heavy. Honestly, the scale is like the scale weight, the, when someone's like, oh, I'm up 5 pounds scale weight, but you can't really see it. Versus someone who nailed the same weight, they have the previous two years, but you can see a dramatic improvement, like the last got wider, the shoulders are more capped. So there's a lot more than just like the number on the paper in terms of like development. Yeah. Because like I said, he'll probably end up being, what's his cap is like, 192 or something like that. It might be 192 on stage for the next three years because it doesn't make, he can't grow it. And let's see somehow magically grows another inch. I mean, that's a beauty of classic though. It really forces you to think about how you're gaining weight and how you're gaining muscle. Yeah. Or you just put on 20 pounds over the next two years and then you do bodybuilding. There's that. It's like a sound of good. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. He really, like you said, skip. He really wasn't using a lot, was he? Yeah. All right. Let's see what else we had here. Oh, by the way, too, I could probably find these to pull them up. It was fascinating talking to somebody about seeing some, some GH testing. And there are some brand name GH products that have been tested recently that are coming back at lower purity than what we're seeing in some of the generics. And that would kind of, it blows my mind a little bit. You know, to a degree, I remember Billu Allen, William Lewellen doing the underground antibiotics guide back in, I think 2010. And I remember him testing out Hijitropin as being more pure than one of the farmers. You know, and I know that yeah, the makers of Hijitropin say that it's used in Chinese hospitals. I don't buy that for a minute. I'm sorry. Maybe it is. But, you know, I see it more as being for bodybuilders, you know, Hijitropin than being like, it's just the way I see it. But that's yeah, well, I was going to say that, uh, ansemon from a couple years ago, that won't be being used in medical institutions, I believe in China, if I'm not mistaken. So okay. And it's an underground, in our sense, it's an undergrad. It's not a Pfizer. It's not a, you know, yeah. So it's not one of the big brands. But yeah, they were, they were seeing this. And anyway, I saw some some reports, though, of like we're talking like 85% for some name brand legit pharma stuff that was being tested to know, shake. That's disconcerning. Yeah. But I also wonder though, are they, where do they get that pharma grade stuff from? Was it direct to the pharmacy? Was it direct from someone who was prescribed it versus because the counterfeiters aren't counterfeiting, you know, black top brand or whatever, you know, red top. So they're not counterfeiting that. They're counterfeiting Sarah Stim, Nordadrope. And I've bought in plenty of stuff that was not, when you start to really look at the packaging labels, you're like, oh, I got burned, you know. Now, I'm not saying there's not growth hormone in there, but it's not the growth hormone produced by Pfizer or EMD Serano or one of these other companies. You know, I know someone that has, that does their own GH. Okay. And I want to talk them into, not coming on the show because that would just be stupid. But I mean, fill this, we're having a conversation about this because he believes all the generic, so just garbage and he thinks they're fake. And I'm like, hey, I've changed my mind. I used to be Sarah Stimmerbust or, you know, Nordadrope and her bust. I think the protein sequences that the peptide sequencing, the people who people are doing it today is at least or almost as good as what pharmaceutical companies are doing. And I keep remembering this 60 minutes special I've watched, maybe 15 years ago on the efficacy violations of pharmaceutical companies like where lipitores ending up in a, you know, a diabetes medication or so, you know, from cross-contamination to poor purity results. This was a 60 minute special where they talked about where these companies were failing in terms of label claims and whatnot. So, yeah. You know, just because it's made by big pharmacy company doesn't mean it's free from false. I mean human beings are operating the machines at the end of the day. Yeah. Okay. So here's what it was. It wasn't that huge of a discrepancy. I don't want to pull them up. I don't think there's anything on here that's identifying, but he told me I could use them, but make sure there's nothing. I just, I don't want to make sure I'm not missing like his name, so I'm not seeing it. Yeah. I'm going to throw 15 milligrams, tested out to be purity of a 95.7% with a 13.39 milligrams in it. Really? So, slightly underdosed. And then in Nordotropin, 15 milligrams pen being tested out at 93.8% pure with 14.1 milligrams in it. So, someone's got some sprain to do. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Yeah. So, anyway. I thought that was really fascinating. And then there's one generic that he had that he was getting tested. It's 15 I use and it tested out to be where was the purity on this one. I can't see it off hand. I don't see where it's written on this. The four mats a little bit different. But from what I recalled looking at it before, it was super clean. Like it beats them out. Yeah. I mean, I'm seeing like 99.7% and 99.9%. And overdosed instead of 15 milligrams, it's like 15.4%. Yeah. You know? Yeah. So, I spoke to Keith from Parabolic about this. And I asked, well, what's the difference between, you know, like some of the, like, made in China versus, you know, some other products that are available both these places? And he said the main issue he's seeing is some of the made in China stuff is actually overdosed in a dangerous way. At times. He said he's seeing them being not dose correctly in at times. You might be getting more. Which it might not be that big of a deal, you know, if it's growth hormone, but if it's like some of glue tied or teeth or, you know, anything that would be like, you know, I don't want to accidentally take twice as much some of glue tied. You know what I mean? Yeah. Well, we all know someone who had massively overdose clumbutoral. And they take what they think is like 60 micrograms. And they go to the gym and they just cramp up nonstop. And they're having hard palpitations and stuff. So yeah, I mean, some things you do not want overdose. Yeah. Yeah. Um, yeah, accidentally overdose clumbut. Once. But that was honestly my fault. It was a mistake I shouldn't have made. Did you do that before, Skid? Yeah. Yeah. We all have. Well, technically that one wasn't my fault. It was a ready cat. You guys remember ready cat, right? Yeah. The big masking tape, blotter things. I don't know. They were all taped together. And it was supposed it was mislabel. It was 200 microgram clan with a milligram of ketatifin. Okay. So it was labeled as anovar. Oh, sorry to shadow no. Copy that. I can't remember. Think of their bar. Well, and here's the odd thing was I was borderline, tachycardia, but falling asleep from the ketatifin. Yeah. I couldn't keep my, like in the car. And I'm like, something's not right. Like I don't know what's going on. I barely keep my eyes open. But I had a heart rate of like arresting heart rate of like 170 low 170. Yeah. So, you know, you know, me. I was young. I'm like, well, getting lean. I don't know. Yeah. I was actually very concerned because I knew that there was such a contrast between my heart rate being so elevated and then couldn't keep my eyes open. Yeah. That's not good. No. No. It wasn't good. Didn't take me long to figure it out. And he was very like, oh, my god. Like I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. Yeah. So he's something more shit. And it was the only time I ever had a problem with the guy or anything that I had gotten from because back in the early days, I just didn't have the money. Yeah. I had young kids and I wasn't going to, you know, I did. I had to have his gear. I'm sorry that you, you know, you're going to have ramen noodles for dinner for the next seven days. You know, that thing. And it was just starting the business. So everything was going on at the same time. And early 2000s 2000. I want to say it was 2002 getting ready for the Northern Colorado because it was a following year that I competed with our against. I'm filled with the Colorado state. Yeah, because in 2003 he showed up to the Northern Colorado. Everybody was talking about it. And they're like, oh man, it's going to be wicked seeing you go up against. Still, I'm looking at Phil. I'm like, I know what I look like. They're going to be no battle between him and me. Like what are you talking about? So it was kind of an odd thing. That's when Phil came on the scene 2003. Yeah. Guys, body building is really expensive. And if you're ever going to run that GH, you want to run, you're going to have to put together a budget. So check out truenutrition.com. Not only are they a supplement retailer, they're also a manufacturer. They create a lot of the product lines for companies that you are very well aware of. So literally we're going to cut out the middle man, go straight to true nutrition, get some deals, and you'll be in that growth before you know it. You're huge. I don't know if they're going to like this promotion, but I feel like you guys, I feel like this is your vibe. I think you guys will get it. Use our code think over there. Obviously, that helps to support us, gives you a little more savings and helps us to put these shows out. So thanks guys, let's get back to the show. All right. We've got a bunch of listed questions. I'm just going to jump right in. And by the way, guys, if you want to leave comments, comment with questions for the next show. We'd be happy to take them. And if you're new here, we've got several shows that come out each week. We'd love to have you along for all of them. Hit the subscribe, hit the bell. Big fan of the show. I have a question that I'd love to get an answer on. Can a compound in DMSOB absorb through the skin? Can I apply a compound in DMSO to the muscle I'm training to get benefits or would it just go or would just using it? Sublink or do I need to just use it? Sublingual. Please answer. In 750 test 500 EQ 200 trend E along with three I use of GH before bed and 10 I use fast acting insulin. Pre-workout injected into the muscle group that I'm training to get better results. I got to try to show off my brain here for a minute, Andrew. All right. Go for it. But I need you to correct me if I'm wrong because there's one subtle nuance that I might be off in. And I'm asking. I'm not pretending that I know. But I remember back in the day and I don't remember much, but I'm really good with numbers. Either the compound has to have a lower molecular weight than 400 to go transdermal or the DMSO takes, I mean obviously it's the vehicle that helps take it transdermal. But if I remember correctly, I think the compound has to be less than 400 molecular weight. But it's the compound, not the DMSO won't take anything transdermal. It has to be less than a specific molecular weight correct. It sounds right. I mean, that's one of those things where have you put anything DMSO on your body in 20 years. Well, I know that when you're using DMSO you need to be is the same with testosterone cream. You need to make sure that you don't have the other end and you're toothpaste, soap, different things. The skin has to be clean. But I'm pretty sure, I'm not questioning the molecular weight of 400. What I'm questioning is whether the compound, if the molecular weight is not below that, it won't take it transdermal through the DMSO won't take it through. Because remember there was flowjiles too. We didn't like the smell of that made you smile. I saw that. You're like, yeah, I've ever thought that's back in the day. We were going back. There was a nostalgia moment. But the flowjile didn't stink. Where the DMSO was like, yeah, this is not cool. There was no where to. Yeah. Why is it? That was a thing back then. It really was. There was all sorts of talk on the boards about transdermals and people were getting pre-aproharmonies and stuff. And they were like, oh, I'm going to do a transdermal application or this, whatever. You know, anyway, I wonder if the guys who are our ages at that time were looking at us, the way we look at some of the younger guys that are trying to do things that are like quote unquote stupid. Do you know what I'm saying? Like, let's do that. There was also didn't have that academia or really, you know, like, There was information from the message boards, but there wasn't information from like, I don't remember it from studies and all this. I mean, we've gained so much information. That's why it's so exciting, really, when you think about all the things that have become available in the industry. I mean, just I'm focusing on the industry just because we're focused on the industry. Here's tons of information in every industry. But if you see that and what has played out in the access information that we have gained and just last 10 to 15 years, what's the next 20 years going on or the next 40 years? It's just crazy. I mean, it's like we're going to get to the point where in 30 years, we're going to know exactly how many sets we have to do exactly the amount of, you know, gear that needs to be taken, the exact amount of sleep. To formulate this this optimal black and white package. It's like we wouldn't even have jobs in 40 years doing what we're doing because it would be like follow this blueprint and it's just all laid out specific to your yeah to you. Yeah, that's where I was going to come in. I think oh yeah, you put in biometrics and some data and I'm wondering if in the future we're going to have the equivalent of a 3D printer that you step into that amplifies muscle response or growth, you know, on the in the muscle tissue. So in the same idea that you can 3D print something you can 3D print muscle. Yeah, what are we going to know about things like milestone or the things that we don't know about why we respond to GH and you know whether I GF levels are directly related to whether you respond to it or not. I've always said I don't think that it stops at the IGF level. There's far more to it that we don't know about otherwise, you know, just the simple argument of well then why would there be much difference between. And so in farm grade and in generics of generic, so raising your IGF levels the same, I mean, obviously, the argument of purity and everything else we have all these arguments. But I think there's just I think it's there's more there underneath the surface that we just don't know about and we can only argue about what we know about. Yeah, I think we've kind of crossed a threshold though like I think we've peak. Now, is a lot of the younger generation is trying to find a way to cut corners. And obviously, if some of us say, hey, you can cut five years off your career and or put on five years of muscle in a year, we all would have done a bad foot and figured out how to do it. So I think back then, at least, and I know we're going to sound like old crumogen, but we never tried to escape the intensity or the hard work aspect of it. If you can't see it. It's completely agree, but I think, I even argued that this generation doesn't really like the journey. That's okay. That's where I'm going. That's exactly where I'm going. Like the amount of knowledge we gained from being mediocre bodybuilders that just had a passion for something far surpassed, I would say, like a guy who turns for out 23 and goes to Olympia by 30. And I'm saying, the knowledge we gained and all the pitfalls and all the roadblocks we had to bust through. And what I see it now is like, I see like these videos where these guys are making training videos. And there's no intensity. It's like your reps are crystal clear perfect, but the intensity is like at a two. And so I'm wondering if that's what's lacking. So as we're getting these developments, as we're getting technology, as we're getting academia and all these things, all these tools that we didn't have access to 2015, 10 years ago, I'm just wondering, I've tried to think, is the journey like the journey is the thing that gives you the appreciation and the satisfaction of it. You know, even if you don't reach the goal, which, okay, we all start out the goals. The Olympia will after one or two shows you realize, okay, I'm not going there. But you have something in your mind's eye of like what I can get to, you know? I think the journey is a big part of an Andrew because I've worked with people that are far, far more gifted than I ever was. And I've worked with people who are even better than them. And sometimes the people who have never had to fight for it, who just, and I'm not going to say they were handed it because they're people who put in hard work to get where they got, but they just rose to the top, no matter what they did, those people, most of the time they didn't have the heart for it when it did get tough. You know what I mean? Or not only that, but they just didn't, I just feel like there was a lack of appreciation. Like, man, I do anything to get a pro card at one point. You know, like anything, you tell me like, well, Scott, you can't sleep, but two hours, every night for the next, you know, 16 weeks, I'd be like, if I can get the pro card, you know, obviously that's not the way it works, but I would do it, you know? And some of these guys are just like, but I want to go on vacation. And I'm not the poster child for this. I mean, really, when you break it, when you break it down, I mean, really. I've been doing this for 41 years. I am mediocre. And yet, I can't explain, like, explaining or defining passion is ineffable to someone who doesn't have it. So if it comes easy, and I'd even argue that the next generation is bigger because they aren't training as hard. I swear to you, we kind of talked about that with us. The Nick Walker up. I just, I look at it. I look at it. I'm old school. I understand that, you know, we have it programmed in our brain that we need to force this adaptation. But what if the adaptation is so much easier? What if I have been sitting here, spending my wheels training my ass, or right along with a lot of other people, too, all of us, and not recovering well enough, maybe recovering at 20% of what I could have been recovering. Now, that doesn't mean that it would put me out in Olympia stage tomorrow. But then you have to factor in the injury, you have to factor in the CNS. You did the beating down of your body for all those years. Point is that me being mediocre and continuing to chase it and being as dedicated. Even though I said before, the ROI is not there. It took me 41 years to figure out that it's not there anymore. I mean, fuck. Sorry, that's not going to be the part of the, you are the poster trep. That's what we love about you. It really is. But then I get the questions, you know, I get this one cat who trolls the F. And unfortunately, this one did get me. So if he's listening, he wins this one. But my wife and my kids had T-shirts said teams could have had a collage of all the years, you know, because of the finality and everything closure, if you will. And had all these pictures on it. I didn't notice it first. I talked about when I went over the competition and how I felt about the competition and the, the, the, the, um, prepping everything else that my daughter came in backstage when I came off stage. I was backstage. She came in and I was at I love because I was sitting down and I saw like the, the t-shirt was it. Even though I had seen the t-shirts, it was in my face. And I saw that it was a collage over the years. I hadn't put that together. And it, there comes the cathartic moment. And it just made me, and it made me upset emotionally. And, and I looked up at her and I said, please understand that I'm not emotional because I'm not going to make the top five. I'm, I'm upset because it's done. And then I realized it's kind of funny. I realized, oh shit, I better pull myself together. Everybody's going to think I'm, you know, emotional because I just got my ass smoked. Yeah, yeah, right. Right. And I'm like, oh, okay, I'm good. I'm good. I'm getting the hell out of it. And, you know, because you know, you think of those things and you never want anybody to think that and this understands situation. This cat comes with me and he posts three or four times on this video that I just put out Friday saying how much of a loser I should have felt to because my family and brought my family into it. You know, your, your kids and your wife are wearing, you know, a shirt with your pictures all over it. And you get your ass kicked and you're taking 20, well, a 20 IU of GH every day and your physique sucks. That's sort of, it is just like, God, let me, let me address that. What does it say about someone who's saying that who doesn't have a support system there to watch someone do something passionate that they love that the, the, the, the, the, the the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, you can walk out that door. Hang your, hang your trunk up and say, you know what, I've got the support system here for the rest of my life, no matter what. Yeah. And it's easy for me to process that part of it. But then when you have somebody that comes after it involves while they're trying to beat you down, they pull in your kids and your wife, it's like, what kind of a piece of shit can you really be and how miserable is your life? I would be like, thank you for highlighting the real mistakes of my life that were there to with me for this moment. Thank you. Yeah. And it took me a minute and that's what I came to. But boy, that first initial, you know, you want to be, it's like, I just wish that person was six inches on the other side of that screen and I would be going through that screen after that. That's an, an understandably. It's a trigger. You know, he's doing it on purpose trying to get a rise out of me. Yeah. So I just got rid of the comments and like that. I'm not even going to address that. In 99.9%, you know, the rest, literally the rest, he was like the only one. Everybody was very supportive and understood and, you know, it was, it was cool. God, those things can hit you. You bring their, bring their family into it. Oh, shit. That's wrong. What am I doing? Trying to try to fight father time. That's all I'm doing. 55 years old. I love what I do. I understand the reality that this didn't go very well. You telling me is, is really not helping your whole life. It's just rubbing it in because if you know, people just wait for you to, the minute, you have a weak moment so they can be like, see, it's like you've been standing there on the sidelines cheering against me the whole time. Hope that I failed. It when I did, he was there to take advantage of you. Yeah, but it sounds like he's acting like you weren't going around saying for the last 10 years, I suck as a bodybuilder. I'm doing something that I love. Right. It'd be one thing if you were cocky. Oh, yeah. I'm going for that. I'm going for that pro card. It's a done deal. I'm looking good. Never once have you said anything to that effect. You've always been very self depreciating about the physique, but not about the effort and the discipline and the passion for it. And that just says more about that guy than it does about you. So yeah, 100% it's still in. No, but I still want to face book and Instagram trying to find his name. I don't just gotta say it. And you know what it is, man. There's always going to be those people out there. There are people who watch the channel who don't like me. And I don't know why, but they, you know what, like, I can't help it. You know what I'm saying? It's funny because people will be like, yeah, it's a pretty like a little guy. I don't know how anybody could like give him a thumbs down or whatever, but you know, we get it because there's going to be people who just don't like you. You rub them the wrong way or whatever. And you know that. I'm not telling you anything new. No, that's what I just want everybody to know that if you want to get me come after my kids or come after my wife and because you know what they mean to me. So you have some idea. You don't really know what it was. It was the guy you beat at the mystical Colorado in 2000. But I'm sure. You know what I'm saying? He's just been quietly following you from afar. Which he keeps little story. More like he never competed. You know, I actually did have that happen once and the guy was trash. I mean, this is years ago, trash really bad on a friend of mine's Facebook page. And I said, oh, you competed in the Colorado and whatever year it was. I went and looked. He took eight and I took third. So I just came back and I'm like, God, it's bad as I am at the sport. And you still couldn't beat me at the 2004 Colorado. Oh, you took eight and I took four. So I said, even though I'm not that good, I managed to beat you. What did you say? He came down. There was not another word. In fact, I'll go so far as to say this. I think these days, I am convinced of this. But I can't remember 100% were friends on Facebook and he's totally fucking cool. And everything is fine. Yeah. I mentioned his name, but I don't want to be wrong. Because I mean, it's cool now. You know, it's one of the things because I'm like a trash guy. Then mentioned his name before getting along. But I think we're friends now on Facebook. Yeah. And we get along and find he's got a great sense of humor. There's a good dude. He's an older guy like me who's still banging and crying and doing what he can to try to stay. Not a bad physique. I mean, I didn't go after his physique. He came after me. So this is what it is. Sometimes it works out. It's satisfying. So listen, I didn't know this on that question we had about DMSO. Keith from Parabolic, our podcast affiliate says DMSO will also carry your body. Excuse me, will cause your body to absorb any bacteria on your fingers, etc. It can be extremely dangerous. So please wear gloves. It can be very easy to get an infection. I didn't know that because I've never mastuated. I didn't know about like things like perfume. I knew that was an issue. Yeah, you mentioned soap and stuff. Yeah. Never thought about it. All I thought about is I remember guys used to take the trend pellets, just grind them up and mix it with DMSO. So you're getting glues and all of that. You did that. I'm not going to wipe my life so I started out for a little bit of a filter. I don't have to filter it. I could get around. I could just rub this alcohol with DMSO and put it on my hair. Just drink your alcohol. All right, so when you had some more questions, you know what we've done this before real matte says Scott Andrew, it would be awesome if you could. Oh, wait, wait, wait. Really? Yeah, he did. What a douche bag. Wait, maybe I messed right it. You got Andrew skipped. No, you did. No, maybe better if you said Scott Andrew, then ask the question. Yeah, just like, don't just, I read it right. It would be awesome if you could do an in depth on a protocol for GH and insulin for maximizing synergy. GH and insulin pre workout. Didn't we do that? I think we've done six of them. Six of them. Yeah, we actually had as expert Scott Stevenson on for one of them. At least if it's not more than one. So I would say probably when I was out, so he didn't hear my opinion, but I'm not given it. I'm pretty sure people heard your opinion on the patient. That's a good idea. I'm pretty sure of this. He's probably, if I'd be, he's probably like I've heard him talk about a way to my, I really don't care. He says anymore. Right. Yeah, he says he's currently using GH before bad and my humalog has been pretty work out. Sickest pumps ever is there a better protocol to maximize their synergy. Let's say no, because he said he's having sick pumps. He's growing. He's loving it. It's working for you. So I would keep doing what you're doing. I don't know. I think there's a different frame of thumb. Maybe there is, but maybe there is. Maybe skip notes about it. But when it's probably doing, you're going to pay me for it. But when it's not a little bit for him. You know, okay. Thoughts on an offseason cycle test. Plus pre-mo plus Deca or test plus mast plus Deca. With the DHT compound counteract some of the Deca dick side effects. Quite possibly. I don't know. I don't think I've ever done a combo like that to tell you the truth. I already talked about my, my tunnel analogy last. Your tunnel. Yeah, the car is the two lanes going through the tunnel. Oh, yeah. You have the tunnel. We'll send you to get a little smaller. There's a one-on-one there for failures. It wasn't a one-laner. It was like when you have construction and the lady or the guy is standing with the stop sign, then she spins it around. She gets on her walk-talkie. Only one way you can go through. Then she talks that her walk-talkie and then the turnips is slow. And then you can go. Yeah, it's just one of the times. You don't have enough room in there for two lanes. You don't have to worry about. I wanted to mention this on the other episode that'll be coming out next. Shortest cycles. Do you guys remember the 21 sustenance in 21 days cycle? And teeth. Did that? Do you remember that? That was like a good thing. Kind of, yeah, kind of. Should you do an amp-day? You do an amp-day. And that's because that's what it all was amps. You know, if you're getting sucked back then. So you do an amp-day, 21 days? I think it was preloads. And you had to use the pin that came with it. I'm pretty sure. Yeah. You would run that and then you would not take anything because you have all the long aster in there from your five grams a gear or whatever. Yeah, I do remember that. Yeah, I'm going to put that one in this probably and now I'm not going to do that. You don't who Brian Mosko, the gorilla chemist, these into those heavy front load cycles where you blast a bunch of stuff and then don't. Right. Feel like I've seen stuff like what's the name of Broderick Chavez, kind of has some thoughts similar to that if I'm not mistaken. I've seen some of his stuff. OK. Not how I do things. Yeah. Let's see. I've tried to ask this a few times, but here's one more. One more try before my surgery. I'm having Gino removed and a belly button hernia repaired at the same time in a couple of weeks. I'm not asking for medical advice. So let's say I want to do everything I can to facilitate a speedy recovery, planning on GH, not sure of the dose yet. BPC and TB. The main thing I'm concerned about is what to do with my GH and test dose? Want to lose as little muscle as possible? I would bring a testosterone down to cruising levels. You're not going to be put into the work for you. So you know, you don't have to be training for at least a month. I would say, you know, with the, you said hernia surgery? Yep. That one you're not really taking any serious loads for about four weeks because you got a brace. And it's hard. It was hard not to reach for the Peter Griffin last right there. Oh, hi. That's I've got a mom right here on my son board. Do you have one? Oh, yeah. Can you give us one right now? I think it's wouldn't be. I don't know. I'm just that serious loads. I could. Yeah, I could not. I actually said taking serious. Which was funny because Scott, it even hit Scott before it hit me. Like I was on the lay thing. This is that I probably wouldn't have caught it, but I'm in your company right now. Right. Exactly. I thought it was, I'll do you just say. So you're saying you're bringing your thought level. I don't know. The mattress keeps low. The mattress. Okay. That's what I'm talking about. All right. Does he want a serious protocol? I don't know. It's kind of fun. I would bring a test down to base levels. You know, cruising levels, whatever that is that you use. For your BPC, I would probably, if you really want to recover as fast as possible, I'd go with a 10-millogram bottle a day for probably 10 days and then drop it down to like 2 milligrams a day. I'd probably do the same thing with TB. Might add in GHK copper and then into that mix and then GH, you know, for units a day. Don't like that. 10 milligrams of BPC a day you're saying, huh? I don't know. So I know you didn't always used to say that. When did this, when did you figure this out? When did you, I'm at very curious. Tell me about this evolution. Well, there are peers to be no negative side effects with BPC, 157 in particular, right? And seeing some friends that had fairly catastrophic surgeries like, you know, ruptured quadricep type stuff. Yeah. And see them bounce, use a protocol similar to that and be able to do leg extensions like six weeks later. And then have full functionality like 12 weeks later and be back in the mixed training. That's where it's coming from. From seeing those dosages for injuries, from surgeries, from injuries that were pretty catastrophic. And you're saying 10 milligrams a day? Yeah. Okay. Because that'll explain, that explains to me then why I think BPC is utterly useless at the lower doses. I, and here's the thing. I understand that it may play out on paper, if I just haven't seen it when I can't see it and I can't, I don't have anything to measure it against. And then you say that that dose is just so high, then it makes me think, okay. Now, if I am in a situation like that, I can try those types of dosages and I can then have a better idea of whether there's an impact. That's a massive asset. That's a huge amount. Yeah. What about digestion? What are your dosing thoughts on? I'm not, I hate to switch, sorry, kind of switching and going down a rabbit hole here. But that's all right. The digestion part of it. It's far as, you know, inflammation and the reason I'm asking is because I'm looking at everything right now for the extension and inflammation. So for like my athletes that have distension issues and I think is related to GI information, we're doing a milligrams a day. And that, you know, obviously it becomes cost prohibitive, right? Because a 10-millimeter gram bottle somewhere between $45 and $60, well, you can't run that every single day. You might as well, you know, it's just too expensive, right? To do that year round. So yeah, I think there's a difference between using for maintenance and using for, like to, to fix something, right? So I'm not advocating 10-millimeter grams a day year round or anything like that. Yeah, I'm saying in that initial recovery phase, 10 milligrams a day of like TV and VPC each, and then for like digestion, you know, and this is where you got experiment between the oral and the injectable and sometimes both, you know, but I think a milligrams a day when you're really trying to fix something that justifies, you know, that probably would be a good question to ask Keith, though, to see what his experience is with them. Yeah. Yeah, I found one milligrams a day to be really good. And I know we started that that as being kind of higher, you know, than what you hear it said, the only other person I've talked to that's talked about high, high dosing like that was Dave Dave Crossland, and he was doing it with IV, you know, in the, in the, like medical setting. So he could run it that way. And I think he was doing five milligrams IV per day. Might have been higher than that, though, but that's, yeah, that's pretty, pretty incredible. And I imagine IV, you're getting even, you know, like a bigger, a bigger booster, whatever, you know, and I mean a bigger peak. You're getting a quicker peak, for sure. Yeah. I mean, you're putting it right to the sore. You're putting it right into the systemic, you know, system versus having to go into through muscle or fat, having to capillaries have to pick it up and then to bring it into the system. So yeah, not that I would recommend people at home who are untrained. I, I can't get behind that. Doing, doing IV. Yeah. Oh, yeah. I mean, that's kind of like me recommending bloodletting with a coffee hand off the side of your day. I remember that. I listen to that podcast. I can still have people who would comment on that every now and then. I used to IV, like the GHRP's in I for more than. I was saying that. Yeah, I wanted to cut down on the time. You know, remember how you took it and you had to wait a certain amount of time before you could. Yeah. So my schedule was set up. He's like, I just don't have this time. So I've got 10 minutes. I don't have 30 minutes, you know. And I remember one of my clients, I didn't lock the bathroom door at the gym and he comes in and he's like, oh, bro, what do you do? And I'm like, it's not heroin did. I promise. It's not one of those, you know, it's not a wreck drug. It's, and he was like, what is that? And then he's like, I want some, you know, I'm like, yeah. You don't want to get started down this rabbit hole buddy. Let me see what else we had here. I think we had like a couple more like cycle related questions. Believe it or not. Let me see here. Oh, have you ever had a client who was vegetarian or vegan prep for a show? I'm definitely neither, but I'm curious how difficult and different it was. This is from Colton, over on Patreon, thanks, Colton. And he does a bunch of our reels and stuff for us to Greek dude. I only say, only take, I prefer strongly prefer that a client's are going to compete and their vegan or they have some type of special diet that they are very well versed and experienced with their situation. Yeah. Because those people are very good with the substitutions of the foods that they need. They know what they need. It's not as much of a trial and error type of thing. If they're new to it, there are times where I'll be like, I don't think I'm your guy. Not because I don't want to do it because I'm being fair. It's not in my wheelhouse, especially for a competition. Yeah, I've had several athletes over the years. It's definitely not my forte or to more of my preference. We developed like this Satan recipe that was very low carb because the problem is is trying to find protein sources that also don't combine carbohydrates or fats even. So for some of those stretches where you've got to put someone on zero carbs and zero fats, it's kind of hard to do that. So a lot of plant-based protein drinks, a lot of Satan. Now I get along really well with people who are like, I'm a vegan but I do egg whites. Are we good? Yeah, I'm like, 1000% good. We can work. If someone ever to reach out to me today and they're vegan, I would definitely be. I've only passed them on to someone else though. There's a lot more time involved with doing all the macros and figuring all that kind of stuff out. Yeah, just not for me anymore. In the micro's too. I remember, and I'm with you guys. I wasn't sure what you guys were going to say, but I definitely tell people, like, I don't think that I'm the right coach for you when they're vegan. In part of it is too, I don't want you to just be eating the same single-dead source five times a day. And then I've had people who are like, hey, I hooked up with this coach and I'm like, what are you doing? Oh, egg whites, five times. Yeah. No. Okay. You know? I remember working with this girl to help get her digestion on track. And she had been eating plenty of food, but she wasn't eating healthy. Right? She wasn't eating like a good vegan diet. And she wasn't a competitor and she wasn't even really lifting consistently. It was a friend of a competitor that I worked with. And I helped her as a favor and ended up becoming this big hassle in Victoria helped me help her. We got a bunch of lab work done. And we basically looking at her diet or looking at her lab work, she was in like a starvation state of malnutrition. No. Even though she was holding a decent amount of body fat and eating a decent amount of food each day, just because she didn't have, like you were saying, skip didn't have that diet structured right. Didn't know what she was doing with it. I honestly, I think that if you don't know what you're doing as a vegetarian and even more so as a vegan, I think that it's a very dangerous diet. It's a lot easier if you're going to just eat like meats, like a normal people do. It's a lot easier to not be good at your diet and still skate by versus you really need to know what you're doing if you're going to go that route. That's my thoughts. That would be vitamins iron. I'm sure a major thing. Oh, yeah. No. All right. Let's see what else we had here. Thought that was one worth bringing up, which we don't really get that often. I don't think too many of our listeners are vegetarian. Although I think we do have a few of them. I've got another thing too when people are like, well, I'm vegetarian, but I like to run a gram of trend. I'm trying to make up for the fact that I'm not eating meat. I have met people like that. Same here. That's actually kind of common with males that are vegan. Yeah. Yeah. I'm going to prove it to the world. I mean, hey, Scott, love this show. Been watching all your content on the channel for the previous 12 months. This is Matt from Patreon, by the way. Thought this was a, here's my question. I have a custom blend, which consists of per one ML. 10 milligrams of superdraw. 10, 20 milligrams of debol, 30 milligrams of anoddraw, 10 milligrams of test no after and 10 milligrams of trend no after all in one mill. He says I have three vials, 30 mil. So about 30 shots worth. What's the best way to utilize this? Get an attorney because you're probably going to be served papers for divorce in the next 30 days. You're like, wrong. You're like, wrong. I'm not going to like that. It's like bra of just talented. I mean, I'm probably going to want to. I'd heal it with that. Yeah. Yeah. I'd check, I'd check, drop. Yeah. I mean, it's obviously a pre-workout blend. Yeah. Health drive. Aggression, strength and, uh, and, uh, androgen, androgenicity. Um, what's the best way to run it? I guess what is your, what is your weakest body part that you need to bring up? I would maybe start there. Um, I, man, I don't know. Yeah. I'm going to sit it up to me to test that. I'll give you my answer in a month. Yeah. You know, 10 milligrams of test no Esther. I don't feel like that's a lot. You know, that's not much. But combined with 10 milligrams of, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, it's 30 anodero, 20 debo, 10 super drog. It's a combo. I mean, beyond your blood pressure meds, you know, it's like a power lifting pre-workout. Yeah. I'm trying to think like, if you're trying to break through a strength plateau, that would be where these would come through. If you're a power lifter, probably that those last 12 days, you know, a couple of CC's a day and you're going to be feeling like Superman. You can run through a wall. Um, I, in terms of real body building, though, I don't know how much of a real application they have, like, long term, you know. Yeah. I would think maybe at like you were saying strength toward the end of a cycle, maybe you're already really strong. You're just trying to push for some additional strength. In frequently, maybe two times, maybe three times a week, go for the course of three weeks and then save the rest for another cycle. Yeah. Something like that. Yeah. Yeah. Pretty workout. Maybe if it's an oil base, maybe an hour and a half, pretty workout. But, you know, I found with the injectable debo that I could definitely get going within 30 minutes. Usually it's always said like the injectable oil bases, oils, you want to wait like two hours. But I, because, you know, water base, like, uh, T&E, instant, like, you know, within 30 minutes, you're training. But I, I found the same as true with the oil base debo. Like, good pumps with that. So, yeah. So, I'll speak here. I think we had maybe one more question that had to do with a cycle or something. Yet sure does. Guys, leave us some more questions for the next show. Leave us some training questions for the next show. We'd like that. We had a lot of fun talking about training recently. Running my TRT cruise of 210 test in 105 DACA. Plan on running a cycle of 600 test 300 DACA 300 EQ in a few months. When the time comes to jump on the blast, doesn't make sense to keep the 105 DACA and make the difference up with NPP or just go with more DACA. I like to overcomplicate things. Yeah, I was like, that comes. Yep, maybe. Like, you know, um, I would, if this was me and I was presented with these compounds, I would just get rid of the DACA and use NPP. Yeah, I like that. That's my answer, yeah. I wonder what's his uskering going to do with 300 test 300 EQ. And then what's going to happen if he has low test and then jumps on to punch an NPP, the same amount, one to one to one. I'd just be curious. I'm not saying it's a, it's a, it's not saying it's like a problem, but it could be, you know, feel great after five weeks. And these days people run DACA 800 milligrams with no test. I know. Say they feel great. So you never know. There is that. You know, you know, somebody asked us about estrogen, like, what kind of, how much estrogen earned it, what type of estrogen should I take, what brand? I think they said. And it's not something I'm aware of, honestly. What brand? I mean, I guess, yeah, I'm confused. I can't remember the exact, but it was like they were looking for the specific estrogen. If I want to raise someone's estrogen, I'll probably just put throw five to 10 milligrams of mentin, like every other day. And that tends to do it. Pretty well. That's not a bad idea. I was going to go the other out and just say that I just don't ever want to give any man, any male estrogen. I just want to change your gear so that you have something that aromatizes. But that's not a bad idea. I would not have thought of the mat. That's a good call. Yeah. Both will get you the same place, theoretically. Five deep all. Or yeah, five deep all, maybe. I don't know. All right. Well, we appreciate you guys tuning in. We appreciate both of you guys hanging out and watching or recording the show with me. And you, I know you have a bunch of travels that are lined up. And man, this is a very busy time, I think, in the season for coaching, isn't it? Dude, I've been to the gym myself. I've been to the gym twice in like 16 days. Yeah. Yeah. It gets like that doesn't it? I don't miss 90% of my client-based being competitors. I'm going to be honest with you. I don't miss it. I still enjoy working with competitors. Not at that percentage, not at that ratio anymore. No. No. I mean, I'm more less competitive and more less not as many competitors as I used to. But I'm in a window right now. And I knew that from the beginning of the year, like every week, I've got stuff going on now. It's, you know, but it's not all season for me. So I'm okay with that. Well, I'm taking on new clients. I kept my client-based at about roughly 60% from the beginning of the year. Because I knew I had two things that were going to be relatively time-consuming. I'm not. Frupped in the new show. So when I finally found that groove and it was getting closer to the show, I thought, okay, I'm probably announced that I'm going to take on more clients after the show. And I've been getting quite a bit of inquiries for the last month and a half from the, I didn't even have to. I didn't really have to say anything. So primarily from the new show, from being honest. And as we're seeing more growth there, a little bit from, you know, from competing. Because, you know, you pick and choose the pictures you're going to put out. Like everybody does, right? And they'll be like, oh, which is a weird thing to me. I never want clients to approach me because they've seen a picture. I want them to approach me because they know of me. They know of my reputation, things like that. Yeah. But yet at the same time, I'm not turning them away. They're so. Sure. It is what it is. So I didn't have to announce it after I was just cool. Mark says, um, I did a little deep all when estrogen crashed with EQ once and was better in a day, literally 10 milligrams of deep all once a week is all he used. Oh, just once a week. Yeah. Yeah. Hey, there you go. Hey, it might be worth somebody to give that a try, you know, if they ended up in that situation, I suppose. Yeah, I hope to think there was still a little bit of this going on. Oh, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Spread out a little bit. Then it probably would have been a little bit more stable. But, you know, be noticed the difference every day. You guys, we appreciate you tuning in. Go to, in fact, I heard that skip is taking new clients. You can go to teamskip.com to reach out to skip. And you, oh, he says once a day, you know, you're going to be a good guy. You can go to teamskip.com to reach out to skip. And you, oh, he says once a day for a week. Oh, there you go. All right. That makes sense. And you can go to bodybary.com to reach out to Andrew Hittme up at ValleyDiats at gmail.com. And of course, true nutrition.com, use our code, think supplement source.ca for Canadians. Thank you to everybody from Patreon and for another episode of Blood Sweat and Gear. We will see you guys soon.