But I still believe this at 85% James. And see it right. So, but hey, if you prep yourself and you're getting these comments, like, and you know what to do, you're not just prep yourself. Prep yourself, rep yourself. And the more you do it, the more you do it, the more frequently, every time an opportunity to experiment, you're going to learn from everything this. We absolutely are going to take it to, I can't wait to see what happens next. Yeah, you know, again, and I can't be put off like, they might, the other mistakes make sure. Sure, there will be, there will be is what it is, it's life. But you know what, only takes man in it at once to get the look that you wanted, which is the one that goes down in history. It's just body building, special edition. It's going to be a bit of a short one because this guy's got places to be. Please do. Remember, like, share, subscribe, comment, and ring the bell. I am you dot com, get your eyes searched, get your all in everyone should get on the gear. You know how this works. James Hawling's head, the epitome of British body building. Yes. It is awesome to get you man. It is awesome to get you on the show. I was hoping to run into you. You know, these ex-bos are you don't always see everybody, especially when you're in the show. And we're not the type of guys are going to run around and how many people. And the fact you came by to see us is just so fantastic. Well, I knew that I was going to keep something that you free to come and check out with the boys. Yeah. And I found your safety anecdote. I said, there's a few people I need to go see Evan. I need to see Dusty. I need to see Scott. And he's he wrong. And I kind of thought I'm going to drop them. So I thought it's Evan already. That's fantastic. That's my very catching up with you boys. You know what, last night when I saw where you wound up, I, the first thing I thought I was like, oh, we got to get him on the show again. And then I was like, is he going to be on two times or three times and actually went back and looked at all your episodes of the last night. And the last time you were on, he wore no shirt. Do you remember that? Yeah, he was shirtless. I said, we let this show go. shirtless. Got a little hair on the chest. The trap set. It was always like, I was like, what's this? I was more views. It was awesome. It was like, I was like, I was lying in the ball. No, you're not sitting there. You were, it was, it was, it was awesome. I was like, I forgot about this. Fantastic. I think I was on some strong stabby. Just hot. She's like, I just want to throw some. I just want to throw some. I just, you know, just keep it going. So let's, let's get down to business. So we can get this out of the way. Everyone was excited to see you. You've got a lot of people that were really, really pulling for you to, to be at your best and all that stuff. And you come up with a great place. You get to Arnold Classic. How do you feel about it this morning? I feel good. I feel good. I feel like somebody could have said, I did really sleep last night because I was thinking about how can I improve? No kidding. Yeah, I never stopped. I knew it. Yeah, I noticed small tweaks. The necessary in order to be better. You know, I looked at the school called this morning. I was like looking at what the judges prefer. Yeah. And, you know, just to underline really quickly, they preferred the breed jumps look, which was a fuller, more kind of exploded look, which I thought might be actually a little bit too full. Because sometimes that is the case. Right. I watched you out a little bit, make you look so lean. But the scorecards reflected that I was about to look. So I basically just slept last night and I was going through my notebook in my head about what did I do day one versus day two. And how to then take that into the next show which is going to be the UK Arnold. Yeah. Well, be there. And it's just a preference of probably a bit more fluid, a bit more food. Right. I thought the war quite hard for the second day is, you know, we all think of coming on the second day a little bit sharper. It's an improvement. Sometimes for some of the things is not because so there's a debate when they're full because you sit a let's bear. So I'm definitely a sit a let go when the fullness is there. I can pose a lot better and not more confidently. Right. So yeah, last night for me was another day in the office thinking about how to eat out and improve from here. Really, I didn't really set up any idea to check in sandwich. Because I know what to do for another two weeks. So you guys are going to be in the UK in a couple of weeks. Yep. So you know, don't wrong. I don't have a few meals off today. It's a morrow because I have to eat anyway. My feet does require a lot of food. Yeah. But I'll be back on the colored cardio and the training schedule routine or more not. If there's heavy as a can and join it. You've put up that most muscular this morning on each on Instagram and it just. It just looks just packed like it really does. You know when your cram is much rice into a cup as you can. You want to say this. I'll surprise and you'll like take an absmises. Yeah. You got one cookie. Yeah. Yeah. You got one cookie. You got one cookie. I have a little bit of 60 inches. Yeah. But you know, you know, you know, again, we've had this discussion about your times. We're not sure if it's a British body building, the hardcore training, the just genetics or whatever. It is, but that that grainy pack dance look that you you carry and the way you train and the way you inspire other people and then what you bring to the stage. And we're just big fans. We know a lot of our audiences just all about that stuff. They're really happy for you. I think, you know, as we on it's most of us, most of us body build not necessarily for the end result. The stage, not for the feeling of the gym, which is hard work. Yeah. Yeah. It only comes from lifting like a savage like, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You push yourself to the limits and what is pushing yourself to the limits. Really is. Yeah. And as heavy as you can with movements and moving and mistricked as you can. Yeah. And that's just like that's just the need of us. We will live by it. And as a byproduct of the house that you build a physique. But I think even if the stage was there or not, all of us would do that because that test in yourself is actually the reason we live. You know, I've always said it's like the stage is fun. It's great and it's really good to help with your career and that, you know, promote yourself and become a face. But even if the stage lights were off and there was no cameras, we'd all be going in a gym every day and trying to defy that. And that's me, it's the fun part. Yeah. I know I'm not sure I'm not a short road and I'm not a flex wheeler. I'm never going to be. But like you guys said, and like a lot of my friends and supporters say, you represent the hard workers. Yeah. You've got that kind of muscle that is. Yeah. I'm just like, I didn't muscle, you know. I'm just saying, you know, my business partner Jordan P is friends of you guys. Yep. He's the same as me. No, we really push the limits of trying to get strong and have fun and enjoy training. And it shows, man. Your legs this year. Look, I've been watching your picture all along. I was seven rows back and just seeing your legs and then seeing your legs compared to other guys. The guys are happy you guys have placed it at you and you are not lacking in the leg department at all. But you're not absolutely in this game. The funny thing is, I don't know if you guys know, but I have an injury this year. I didn't know that. I'm not able to squat for hot sport if it's just four months. You're kidding me. So I've been doing very specific training around it using a tennis machine and never fit my feet. Wow. So I did see you with some of the, the sticky is doing some stiff leg as I think. I've had to literally like, I would have never known. I would never know. Man, this is a bodybuilding that you do. You do what you've got to do to get a job done. Yeah. You train upside down. If you have to. I've heard people put it in our, this show was going to be in three. I was like, sorry. But like, that's pretty, that branch warrant, story is caught off the bone. Six months prior to winning the second round of classic. Yeah. You want to be a good bodybuilder. So I'm, I hate said you just want to mount the fuck up. Yeah. I've got a great gym. I've got a quit and I can use it can help me at least bring a level of quality. And it could be a blessing in disguise because it allows me to put some more emphasis on some of the body parts that perhaps could do the work. Right. So I was like, okay, Jay, just, just use that as an opportunity to then improve. I've very, as we really focus on those things that you've improved in the night. I definitely think on day one of the show. When I was full with the improvements in the upper body with that current in certain areas, which was my objective to share anyway. Right. It's good always be bigger, you know, for sure. But I think I might have put my career where it's more now about the upper body. I can see that. Yeah, just because the cause of our fight peak, so therefore you can, I don't think you can ever have to be in upper body. I always look at like Luke Sandos physique. You know, he was a great friend of mine. He was a little bit top heavy, but it kind of was the look that trying to get up. Yeah. And he was still young too. He was a little bit of a little bit of a time. So I kind of, he's kind of my inspiration for what the fans like to see, what the judges like to see. Because you know, he played Sturden, it's just showed. He did great condition and just at all around the amazing bodybuilder. So yeah, I've got my kind of like aspirations and I still feel like this more that could be achieved. So I just take one show at a time. I'm going to tell you man, you mentioned Luke. And he was the first person I thought of last night. Same thing. We still do. I was the first person I thought of. I don't think I could think of anybody that would have been proud or man. Ben actually message me often. It was really sweet of him. He said that Luke would have loved to see that. So yeah. You know, we arrived here and I was here in 2020 with Luke when COVID happened. Yep. We were actually flown over in the perfect day. Which was quite flashing. We had a great time. But we went to the Kroger store. And only time I really got emotional this weekend is when we pulled up outside Kroger because I remember me a Luke going there to buy his like groceries. Yeah. Yeah. And it just took me back to a moment where I was like, you know, you know, I might get a bit emotional now. But like the realization that he isn't here. Yeah. So yeah, like every show I do to his fans kind of like for there's two people there for really. They're mostly for Luke and my mother like they were like, I have to keep those as my aspirations because there was a time when I, you know, my mother passed away. I considered her gone and then it became hard to understand my reasons for keeping in because I just not here anymore to celebrate the men's or the victories or the achievements. Right. But then then he hadn't realized like, yeah, they may not be here in physical form. But then with you and like like Luke's with me all the time. I got picture in the normal wall in the gym. Massive one. So if I'm doing shit sets and I'm not working on nothing is peer-endowning me like, Jay, if the fucking week is pussy. So you know, I suppose your inspiration just comes from you and it's down to you to keep your inspiration. I'm intended to live. Yeah. So I find inspiration in that and obviously there's inspiration as well in just in yourself thinking, you know, if one further than I expected, they see our fight as a pro. So if you asked me like, make four years ago, five years ago, I always like struggling in pros shows. Then you know, top three is an advantage to win a few and then you know, I'm a classic baby or my. Yeah. Fifth is good, yeah. But you know, I went to bed last night and it's not good enough. But if I take a moment and breathe, it is really good. If anyone else got fit for their pro debut at the Arnold, yeah, I'd be tapping them on the back and well done. Yeah. So you just got to take a step back sometimes to be like, you know what, it's good. It's funny too because if I sent you a message today on Instagram or last night, I can't remember. And I typed a big message, I deleted it and then I typed another one and I deleted it because part of me didn't quite know what to say to you because I was so happy for you and so proud of you and I thought a lot and all that stuff. But then I also know what it's like for people that congratulate you on something and you're actually not happy. I thought, do I send this message? He might actually be really upset and like, you know, maybe he had third or third or third or whatever. Like maybe he had like a placing his head that was acceptable and and you know what I mean and I said, I don't want to send him like this big thing he's got to read it. I saw it. I said it way more than I do. So I just said I just said congrats man. Like you know what I mean. No, no, no, it was a I was happy because for a moment I felt in my feet last night I faded quite odd. It was like fix I did I basically just was a bit too dehydrated. Okay, so I was like, oh shit I messed it up. So luckily in pre judging my points were so low that it kept me in a good position and even though I came back really strong. Yeah, actually was top four in the evening call outs. You looked really good like I said to me, don't doubt yourself. I said you're fucking fantastic like, yeah, he wasn't feeling too good yesterday. I said, dude, you got great muscle muscle. But luckily my points from the pre judging mixed with the finals was still enough that it came out low enough that I placed in fifth and not sick. Because I was at a kid man, I thought you had it bro. I was like, and he said, yeah, he said I messed up pre judging blah blah blah. He's a really good sound by that. Yeah, look at what's in him again. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. So anyway, I don't even know where I'm going but I blast the situation that kind of happened. So of course, there's me thinking the body better in me is like, shit, I gave up his spot. Because I don't look at what I've done, I look at what I didn't. And yeah, I know that I was 24 points in pre judging with John De La Rosa who plays four for then. Oh, guys. I was here a tide with him. Oh, I see it. And I just hit. So I chose to do something. And it was a detriment to my physical. Oh shit. So I'm just the frustrated guy like, oh damn. Because he's only a simple thing. It's like you choose to go left or right. Yeah. And I chose to go right because I thought the judges would appreciate it. So change. Again, like I said earlier, your physique is displayed best on the certain circumstances where I unfortunately made a bit of a call which not be a place. Just for for it on what's better. Yeah. You can take that into weeks in learn from it. Plus you'll be closer to home. Sure. My plan now is I just pick up the book that I've wrote everything in. And I just look away done and I will try to kind of mirror a day one. Obviously, that has to be so much just because it isn't what you do today. So we're doing it day before as well. Right. You know, there isn't a cumulative effect. So I could do day two and they won again on day two. And it's still what we do the same as day one. Yeah. Because obviously you've done things in place. Yeah. Yeah. So it's a stack up. Yes. And I was just thinking about what's the middle ground between the two and that in order to allow for that to be about look. So. Now, tell me about Branch. How long were you training with Branch at Plano? I mean, it was a week. So I was really lucky to have the great relationship with the guys over in Dallas. I flew out there on the Saturday. Uh, Santa Cop. There were a lot of the issues over there. So she knows that she's taking care of business. She books everything. Yeah. So anyway, I was there some Saturday the week before. And we stayed till Wednesday. I texted Branch and said, if you're a fancy game like a session in, let me know dude. He said, hell yeah. That is absolutely his answer. Yeah. He's not a mess. He's not much to a Monday. And I'm like, uh, that's a good impression. Yeah. I'm like, I'm like, I'm not the adjustment date. You want to do some chances. I sure think, uh, I don't even notice this birthday. But why it was just birthday on Monday. Two. Trish his wife was about to give birth. Oh, he still wanted to drink. Okay. So that's the first thing. The second thing. Even if I just over 50 and I know that, it's a Trish can cook a steak. She's like this. Oh my god. She doesn't mind. No, she's the same as him with the mentality. She's still working. Yeah. I just want to say, I just want to say, you know, I hope my Jesus, like, like, it's a true honor to be accepted into a household, where there's a lot of private things going on, where people don't necessarily need to let you in that door. They have their own life and things going on. Yeah. So it's a feel welcomed in there. When we don't have to be really, really meant a lot to me. Uh, you know, show me his office. The Arnold Classic trophies pick one up. So you pick one up. Yeah. Yeah. Everyone's different. Yeah. I picked him up. Yeah. Yeah. So yeah. To still think that, he's building my future ready. Like, his part of my, all the events happened now. What's going to determine what's going to happen. So those events are encouraging. And the fact that he encouraged me so much. I just very, very thankful. So we trained on Monday. And then Monday, no, he's like, we were with his other friend, Reagan, who's fucking funny. That's what Reagan left us. That was flat. He bastard. Where's like the most outrageous shorts and socks and trainers. Like, he's obviously got, he's been very well from so pretty. Anyway, they like, put the trains tomorrow. So I'm like, yeah, let's go again. So we did back the next day. Yeah. So we got two days in. And then Wednesday was just like an arm day. So it was calm. So I just wanted to chill. Broch, Trish was during Wednesday. They've not even just drew. She had to see a section put him. It's the, because they had it red. So he's trained with me. He's like, well, he's nice to have. I just started bumpers anyway. So a little bit of arms on Wednesday. So I had two days. It was enough to give me some motivation for this last week. And I do believe, you know, branch is very supportive. He's like, you can win any show you do. And it's just about getting right. And that's the reason I see last night. I went to bed a little bit for a shake. Because I know that I'm still only really probably presenting like an 80-five percent tape because I'm not the best of the people. I'm proud of myself. So, okay. So it's like, I'm still learning and I'm just hard to kind of know exactly what to do. Unless you make mistakes. But I knew that's where you did well was because because you made that decision for, guys, I like this. I know. I know. That's awesome. It's good to see you guys. Thank you. Yeah. Oh, you're the best. I think the, the mistake long term is a huge play because had you done the same thing and not seeing drastic movement. You wouldn't. You still don't know. Maybe I should come and drive. Yeah. Then you do it next week and you drop a place. Sure. Sure. That's, that's what they've done. This is, you're getting data. You know. Data. That's why he said we got this little, little notebook. I physically write it with my messy scrubby angle. I think I could read. It says coded. Yeah. Yeah. If he would ever find my notebook, they would not be able to use my hand. But think it's a physics equation. Yeah. I just think it's a smart way to do it. That's what it's like. It's rice. Yeah. Yeah. Like you say, it's just information for the Goron Board and I know that I've got, I really need to lock in a Doof, you showed it to you just to find my those bits. You know, practice those end days. Well, I, I had people say they thought it was the best you ever learned. Is, is that? I think it was on the stage, but I still believe it's an 85% James. It's the seed right. So, but hey, if you prep yourself and you're getting these comments, like, You know what to do with the ideas. Yeah. You're going to do it yourself. You're going to do it yourself. And then you're going to do it the more you do it the more frequently. It's every, every time an opportunity to experiment, you're going to learn from everything This. Absolutely. You're going to take it to, I can't wait to see what happens next. Yeah. You know, again, and I can't be put off like they might, the other mistakes make sure. Sure. There will be, there will be is what it is. It's life. But you know what, only takes an alien in it at once. Yeah. To get the look that you wanted, which is the one that goes down in history. Yeah. So, you know, this is one picture of like fucking Dorian in 93 or 95. And you're like, the only took it to get it right. I know you're going to write quite a few times. But if you had only got it right, that once you saw that picture, that picture is Let's just know forever. Yeah. So, you know, that's my kind of goal with what it was just to build a really freaking man at one show where it's just like, you know what, that one time. Like, that was an undeniable. One of the best physics to speak. I remember talking to Jay, I mean, he didn't want my stores in like, six and he had pictures from 01. And I was looking at him, I'm just shaking my head and he goes, that picture hunks my life. It was a really good. And he had matched up. Yeah, yeah. It took a lot of money. And as good as it always been, it took eight years to do it again. I think he was putting this crazy. Like, I've had looks that some people, for this show. I've had 30 people for back in 2020, and my last week. Right. Last week was 20, 22 in Italy. Yeah. Some people is their favorite, but then other people, you know, two years before the Europa Pro, then I know it was the best show. You know, there's a preference side. But, you know, some people might even still prefer 01. Yeah, it's the 01. Right. Yeah. I think I might, you want it, those. Right. I think 01. I think it's incredible. Don't get me wrong, but for me, no, 01 is just so streamlined. And I've done it in something about it. That's just amazing. But he's done it. And that picture's there forever. Oh yeah. So that's what I'm trying to say. I want to find out one picture I want to put on the wall in the gym. It exists because he turned up. Yep. Yeah. Well, I know you've got a lot of stuff to do. And a lot of people, maybe you know, you're not going to go see anymore. I haven't really got enough in plan to move and lie. I thought it'd have really killed A. So just once around 10 loads of people. Oh, okay. We felt like we were maybe keeping it. Oh, yeah. Roughly. Well, tell them. The wife knows 20. About about 15. Oh, it's for a lot of friends. Oh, really. Okay. We're like, we're flying in the lock and down. When you sat down, Scar was like, I think he's got five minutes. Yeah. Okay. That's why he's really good that the show is on the Saturday and the Friday because then you have the Sunday to do this and catch up with your friends. Yeah. Yeah. It's great. So I'm happy to sit down and she's really nice. Yeah. We'll set up. And we've had phones on. You don't have to. Yeah. You guys do it right. Anyone that's watching you have to respect and understand that these guys really do guard their way to give you something that's very, very high quality, easy listening, great visually and just like, I watch you guys all the time. Like I always put on the reaction videos. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Like I watched, you know, obviously the button that's one of those we do. That is on a Ronnie one recently. You did one for me and I was like, sweetly trained them of amph. Yeah. That was great. Yeah. It's funny. Some of these memories. And you guys, you know, you just keep it real and you present bodybuilding for what it is. That's why I'm always going to have a rapport with you guys because we all kind of have the same mental health. We just, I mean, I kids speak for these guys too, but we just love bodybuilding our whole lives. And then I believe all three of us loved it for the right reasons. Yeah. And I mean, and we were all in it for the right reasons I think. And we all continue to stay in the industry for the right reasons. And that's why we recognize people that we feel are like that. You know, and I mean, truly passionate like you said training, even if there was no recognition and all that sort of stuff. Our followers are your fans because that's who you are too. Yeah. The best socks want to say thank you to them as well because I get lost tonight and actually, you know, it athletes meet and I think me and some of the lost two people standing in there. We're in it to a half nine and there's worth every minute. So, so British bodybuilding. Yeah. Let's talk about this. You like I said, you've always been like one of the greatest representations of what I always sort of, you know, I mean, it all started with the worrying and right. I mean, he said this standard and sort of this this mystical sort of, you know, guys training in old castles, old castle dungeons with dragons off to the side behind cages and, you know, just this crazy sort of, you know, middle age type. Like the medieval medieval time training like just this, you know, and I know that it was built up from all the kind of, you know, the young, young, Dory and fan, it just kind of got built up over the years, but there is really an underlying culture of that over in England. And I tell people about it. It's it's real. It's there. You go, you go talk to the guys. You see the shows. You talk to the bodybuilders. And now you and Samson, you know, two of the most popular guys in the world from the UK. Do you talk about representing England together? Do you, does it ever come up or you guys have an inside joke about British bodybuilding? I don't know. When we do talk, I'm very proud of him. Yes. Hey, we turn pro to say, yeah. Oh yeah. I'm actually being in my liberation nationals. Right. There you go. Samson, that's a tie we'll never have. But we got, we have a great friendship. And obviously we're, we're, we're rivals. Obviously he's elevated to be in, you know, very, very successful bodybuilder. But he's always got time for me. I've always got time for him. We caught up this morning. We had a great chat. You know, we discussed everything inside bodybuilding. And you know, the way there is today. And we got his job as a back. And I tried to lift him up. He lifts me up. He's a great person. We're very different obviously because we don't have a lot of time. We don't, they're so trained like the same. I think it's like a whole typical like. You've got Dorian in your flesh. Right. It's like, you train certain ways in its responsive to your physique. I know that I know for example, like Samson, don't you, you're running, you're just running heavy. Oh, he trained a lot more like volumeless than someone like me. Yeah. And again, he's he kind of represents 50% of our nation. The ones that are like him. And I represent the other 50. So it's great because we're covering both grounds. And someone can relate to one or the other. But then again, the mentality is the same. We're both hungry. And the nasty physique. Well, yeah, like, because he's nasty as well. Yeah. He's aesthetic, but he's huge. Oh, yeah. It's a different kind of nasty. Dude, like, there's many nasty, the term nasty like, yes, but what is nasty to you? He's nasty. It's thickness and size and the traps coming on stage. Yeah, man. I'm standing behind him when we're about to come stage. You look at the other traps hanging and stuff. And you're like, this dude's done his homework. He's working hard. The legs, the sweet calves, even. You know, you say it in the tip of your life, like he's wrinkled because. But dude, he's got calves that are like poppin like that. So that's a myth. That's just me being lazy. Yeah. And that sounds like Samson's incredible. But I'm lucky to see him. The whole UK scene, they're very supportive. Like, Sam is a very good friend of mine. Yeah. Yeah, sure. And I get him really, really well. And I respect him. He was kind of a lot of my motivation coming up because he was a huge, he was actually junior Mr. Britain two years before me. Yeah. And obviously, Flex said, time for everybody. You know, he was the first guy to like really come out here and do some damage. So there's plenty of people to draw motivation on from our peers. And now, hopefully I'm doing the same for them. Absolutely. Absolutely. Samson said he said he's so great to see like British bodybuilders actually step it up and do his big shows. Because there was an absence of it for a long time, especially like in the kind of early 2000s. We had a lot of pros, but no one really done anything. You know, no disrespect, but you had like, I think only tried to really have got to the lift, he was Eddie Abu. Yeah. Because he did, he got third in like the Iron Man or something. Yeah. And then other than that, like we've had pros, but he haven't really done much. There's some really good ones like Lee Powell, Lee Powell's incredible. Yeah. I know he made it to the Olympic and John Hotshin. So respect to those. They were early Taylor, Medley. They made it to the Olympic tents as well. Yeah. So we have had some of these just a little bit of a quiet appearance. So it's nice to have like a resurgence of it. And you know what, those guys, they're great because they actually do support us. So not people who share on the kind of three air guys because they think they don't like us guys. But real recognised real. Yeah. So it's like you guys, if they see someone training hard, they do respect it. You certainly that certain types of modern body builders, they don't really have respect for us. Everyone paints that we've approached like, I don't like new school body builders. No, they do, but they like people that train for the reasons they're right. Like you said. So if that's always going to be the case. It's going to, it's going to, for every time, people like yourself like me. The next generation comes off to me. I'm going to show a lot of appreciation and respect to those guys because they're keeping alive what we love. Yes, that's what it is. So yeah. Well, we're going to roll. Okay. Now I'm coming to England next week. We're coming for the UK. Yep. We're going to cherry on. And then when I go back over for Fibo, I got a stop in London. And I want to come to the, the shed. Yeah, I need you over. So oh, yeah. Yeah. So if we can do an episode at your, you and JP's Jim, I would love that. Who would love to come and hang with you guys. And I look forward to seeing you. Yeah. Possilady's going to take a photo of us while we're on air. You're going to fit us all in. Awesome. There you go. Thanks. Thanks. Thank you so much. James this shed. Paulings. And I'm bucking on the game. Get on the gear. He loves everyone. Lo's that line. Okay. Thanks, James. I love having you on. Subscribe, comment, and bring the bow. I am mutant.com. Everyone get on the gear. It's just body building. I'm getting a shot all standing. No, no, no. No, no, no. Thanks, James. Thanks. I love you. Thanks. Bye. That's right. You're going to follow us. Thank you.