to the restaurant, master on trend, when straw. Geat for me. Do I want to add in trend or do I want to add in T3? I'm not a high dose T3 guy back in the day we used to be that was kind of a message board. They 25 microgram then jump to maybe 40, you know, 37, 5 whatever 50. I kind of tap it at 50. If you got to go above 50, you're, I'll tell you what, any future clients. If I push you up over 50, we need to get things going. Things are not going well. What's up guys? Welcome back to Blood Sweat and Gear with coaches. Skip Hill and Drew Barry myself Scott McNalley and all of our programming is brought to you by you. The people of Patreon. Thank you guys very much for your support. We are brought to you by true nutrition.com. Use our code, think over there to get some additional savings on high quality third party tested supplements, all your basic body building stuff. You know, protein, creatin, intro workout, stuff like that. And of course supplement source.ca for our Canadians. They have great deals that change week to week on short dated and label change products. Also, I think that's it. Yeah, that's it. And it's brought to you guys by us. Three people that have basically given their lives to learning how to do coaching at the professional level for years. So I have a fun kind of gear related topic for you guys. I wanted to ask. All right. If you know, how do we work this? If you could only use five compounds for a contest prep. What would they be limited to five? Which sounds like a lot without the gift. You know what I mean? You know, you can only use ten compounds. We don't hear what you're listening. You start off with a quick story because I know I said this before, but I used to personal train right and I had a woman who was trained who was you know interested kind of in what we do. Jen Popperson, but and we're training. She knew I was like two or maybe ten days out from a contest and she's like. Andrew, you take you take gear right and choose the different words, but yeah, I want to flag the logarithm. So I can say and I'm sure she probably said right. Yeah, basically she is. Yeah, and we get to start and I'm like, I'm like, yeah, and she's like, okay. So what like once a week do you like take a shot and I'm like. Lori, I'm on 14 different compounds today alone. Okay, and I started rattling off all these names in her mind. It's like, but you look so healthy. I'm like, I mean, I'm pretty healthy. Like I'm I would match my blood work against yours right now. And I don't think it's that. Of course. Yeah. She was very overweight. And I tried to explain like how and I kind of alluded this to the last episode about how the cardiovascular The clean eating like a kind of offsets in some way shape or form some of the damage we're doing to our organs with the pd load. So that's my quick story. Well, it's funny because in 2020 I tore my glue. I told you guys that story and I had to list all the compounds when I went into the ER that night in horrible pain from the spazmy. And I'm like, how much ink is in your pen? Yeah. But they had the lady from the pharmacy come in and start rattling off. You think she stopped me. She said, is this a month? I'm like, no. Three times a week. That one's five times a week. That one's a year of that type of thing. And it was just funny because it was a, I mean, sometimes we lose track really of what we're doing until we have our in a situation like that where we have to, for whatever reason, rattle it off. So I did have blood work done. Sky. Oh, you did. I didn't look at the numbers. I told you, I didn't want to hear about it because I was five weeks before show. So I said, I don't want to be lectured. I don't want to know what the numbers are. I'll deal with that the day after the show. Anyway, so you see, you see, my his list for us. He says number one test then masked then eight X then clan then wind stroke. I mean, I think you could get pretty peeled with that combo. Obviously it's all about the time. Well, I mean, he did. There's that. Yeah. I mean, that condition. Let's be fair. Yeah, I mean, that's the day we had a couple of things to use using SLU. Like, but could we have done that with just these things. We could get pretty damn close to. Well, it's for 10, you know, you're 20 years old. You just got graduated college or something. You have tons of debt. You don't have a career yet. You don't have the money coming in. So by necessity, you're limited to five compounds. Does that make sense? Because I think we've all been in that boat at some point with our body building careers. It's like, well, rent money or I could buy some GH better buy. I better pay the rent. You know, yeah. Yeah. But I was like, do I feed the kids this week? Yeah. Good food or can they eat ramen noodles for two weeks? I'm kidding. Both of them. That's good. That's good. Can't talk. Yeah. Can we have a little guy kids? All right. I'll go first. Mine's not too much different. Too different from UCSum. But five compounds only. And we're including AI's, Insillaries, all that other stuff. Five. PD's. All right. Just us our own master on trend, Winstraw, GH for me. And yes, I left that on AI because I would just plan on pulling my testosterone at some point to create the dry lowestrogen look. Okay. All right. Well, I won't say E. Kind of nice. We don't have the same list. Good. That's good. But this is assuming that we're running the entire prep versus, you know, always start with this compound. We change to a never compound because then that would be six. So yeah, you can't swap out. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I was just happy on say I'm not talking about running trend and wind straw from 20 weeks out or 16 weeks out. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. I'm starting to see. All right. I am test. It's got to be that test based master on. That's a master on come on. I don't think I'm going to run testosterone out master is and if we're going to be in here, Andrew. You want to put that on it. I'm going with DHB over trend so I can have it in there the whole time. All right. And because I do love DHB, however, I do love trend more, but I'd rather have it in there the whole. And then of course, wind straw and animal. Now, it was tough to leave DHB. Arguably GH over Antibard. Yeah. I made do that. But you know what, wind straw and about I will leave out things like clan. I can I can die without clan and the red is I feel the same way about the AI. Plus if you look at these compounds, what is aromatizing? Yeah. Not a high aromatizer anyway. So to taper that out towards the end, no problem. Those are my five. I'd rather run seven, but whatever. Okay. I'm going to go with and I haven't thought about this ahead of time. I've just been listening to you guys. Test, mass, wind straws going to be in there. We can run the test and mass e for an extended time test first. I'm going to put clan in there. I find clan to be really beneficial. And then do I want to add in trend or do I want to add in T3? I do like a low dose of T3. In fact, I found T3 to be for me. And I'm talking just like 25 maybe pushing it up as you get later into the prep. T3 for me. Like my body had just freaking responded to it very well. Like it always done really good with it. And I'm talking even like 25 micrograms. So that's a tough one, man. I feel like cosmetically I'm going to look like a lot of people. I'm going to look harder with trend, right? But T3, I do think that I can get leaner. Kind of keep that metabolism humming. You guys, when T3 wasn't in the playance for either, you guys, right? No, but your discussion brings up something for me. I have done one prep that I can think of in the last 20 years without T3. And it was the last one. And I won't go to you. Okay, so that's on your list then. It's in a century. It's in a century. Well, I'll do more than five compounds. So there is that. Yeah, I mean there is that. If I had to choose, I might leave out the T3. I would still stay with my list. But I don't want to do a prep again without T3. Here's my thought. I think I'm with you. I like trend in the prep. I like the strength that you get from it, right? I think that there is definitely something to just the magic of it in that last say six weeks. I might only use it for that last six weeks, maybe eight weeks. And there's something really good about the scale, staying the same, but you're looking harder and getting leaner each day. But at the end of the day, you can you can kick some serious, but with good conditioning. And if you don't need a lot of gear to do that, if you already have in a hardener like master on and then you put windstrile on top of that, like realistically, you should be able to get as nasty, grainy hard as humanly possible without any, without any trend in there. So I'm thinking this through. I guess I'd go with T3. I probably go with T3 over trend. Cool. And I don't get the nasty sides that a lot of people get from here. I sleep like a baby, even with higher dose trend. I don't think I'll go as high in the future as I did this last prep. I experimented if you well with those edges that I hadn't used before. And I really didn't see that benefit. I saw the benefit of the trend, but I didn't see it as the dosing was going up, higher and higher. The ROI really wasn't there. Uh-huh. There's no denying. It's a great compound. I'm a DHB fan now too. You know, I really am after seeing what you see suma did with it. I had used it twice in the past once in an offseason. The crap that I did use it in at that time was like my best prep to date. And it took me a couple more years before I could like, it was the look that was a look that I haunted me for a couple of years. You know what I mean? Conditioning was. But my big problem with it was the pain from some of the shots. I'm still finding it painful now, but I'm using very little so I can tolerate it. It just seems hit or miss man. That's my only downfall with it is that potentially painful shots. Do you get that? Yeah, but if you load enough gear in the arrow with everything else, it kind of goes away. You know what mild information? I'm a don't shot an a guy and it helps because I have narrow shoulders anyways. It helps with the volume there a little bit. It's not intolerable for me. Yeah. And remember I'm doing bilateral shots. So I don't have one doubt that's sore both of them are sore. Okay, but the other doubt would have been exactly. And I don't know if you guys do this or not, but something I typically do is my clients who want to run in the offseason. I steer them towards DHB. I think there's a lot of parallels as far as I don't know what I'm saying. But there are. And it's not. It's almost like leave the trend for the pre-contest if you're going to use it. I don't want to, I don't want, because what's going to happen is you're going to run it in the offseason. And then you're going to want to run it prep. So you're running a lot of trend. And DHB is a pretty good compound. That's why, again, I added in there instead of running the trend because I wanted to run DHB longer. And I don't like to run trend. And I only use trend-nast. And I will not use the other forms of trend. What about UC Sumas comment here? He says, for argument sake, could you use time to offset not having T3, meaning could you use like 3 feeds or skip loads to boost your thigh work right through out so that you can obviously then circumvent using T3? I mean, what are your guys's take on that? Is it the same? Can you mimic the same without it? I don't know if it's the same. I don't know. Both of them are better together. Yeah. We get both feet off of each other. And I'm not, I'm not a high dose T3 guy. Back in the day, we used to be that was kind of a message board thing. But 25 micrograms, then jump to maybe 40, 30, 75, whatever. 50, I kind of tap it at 50. If you got to go above 50, you're, I'll tell you what, any future clients. If I push you up over 50, I may not outwardly be saying it, but I'm a little like, okay, we need to, we need this. We need to get this going. Things are not going well. Yeah. It's to try to catch up. Right. But with small dose, and I'm a different situation in most. The older demographic, we tend to have more of, there's this, there's this thing where we can be ready from the front, but we're off from the back. And it's things like T3, even you'll him be that plays well in situations like that versus, you know, client, client, I always say, client is like melting butter in a pan when it comes to body fat. It's or liquid cardio. It works. It works really well. But for myself and my demographic where, you know, you have that, you're carrying more body fat as you age through your hips to your lower back. So you can be ready for the front. I mean, I'm, I'm, I'd be ready from the front and then be off 10, arguably 10, 12 pounds from the back. And as I've aged, that's gotten worse. And I see it in the older demographic, especially with competitors. So even if you don't have up, yeah, the lower back just does not fit with everything else. The older you get you do typically carry more body fat in those areas. And I can't explain what obviously it's hormonal to some degree because I've never had meat. I can't, it's just as hard as anything else when I was younger, but I couldn't get to the level of conditioning that I can get to now. So it's just, it's an age thing that's shifting of the hormone. All right, I hope that helps out guys. If you, if you want to ask questions in the show, just comment on YouTube comment on the latest episode. We would be happy to take your questions. And that's what we're going to do now is take everybody's questions off the latest episodes, the last ones. All right, if I'm taking 300 tests a week and I'm going to take a load of 25 milligrams of var daily. Do you recommend upping or lowering the test? I'm sorry to that person part again. So he's on just 300 tests a week and he's going to add in 25 var. If he's adding in 25 var should be changing anything, but the test. No, no, sorry. I thought you were going to go to the next episode. Yeah, no, sorry. There's more of a flex of a question. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, if you're doing good with the cycle, right? Like if you're doing great with 300 and you want to add in an oral, then you just add the oral in. It's not going to change anything like he's not going to suffer side effects. Like, oh, you got to have more test in there now, right? Or anything like that. Yeah, so more test could be better. Some people are in the school of thought of there's a milligram cap, including oral milligrams. So like if I'm adding 25 milligrams times seven days a week, what is that? That's 175 milligrams. Do I need to decrease my testosterone by a certain ratio to stay at a certain cap that I've heard that argument from people before? Which I want to agree with is what I'm saying. Oh, Gabe sent his physique critique for at the end of the show. I texted him or I emailed him before. We started. He was from Patreon and he he commented, I was like, hey, I love to get a physique critique and I said, Dude, we're recording right now. If you can get it over right now and he did. Andrew, what brand of green tea do you use? You mentioned liking green tea. Oh, dude. Tom's, I mean, from Bigelow, you know, 299 for 20 bags all the way up to, fuck, Evan sent the pony got me on this one. It's a little bitter for me. Um, comes in an expensive, what do you call it? A tin. Ah, I do the much green tea. Do you sometimes. Do you sometimes. You've tried that. Yeah, no, I've done that before. I'm not the biggest fan. I think that's like green tea with like lemon or passion flower flavored in it. So honestly, what I do is I go to the sprouts across the street and I'm like, what's on sale this month? Okay. I'm going to get a few of those. Okay. It all tastes good to me. I like lots of varieties. I do like the Starbucks green tea. The Starbucks ice cream tea is incredible. I never had it. I anytime I go there, I'm getting a cafe in Maricano. So it's like, that's my thing. I don't want to miss out on that. It's just crazy. No, man. Like, we're like, you're giving me half coffee, half water. Just still charge me five bucks. I only do it. We do it occasionally on date day. It's like a thing. We are thing out where we're like, hey, when you get a coffee today. Yeah. Really? Just do this for us. Nyspresso. Yeah. Oh, dude. Don't even get one of those. We got one of those. Yeah. The only thing that my wife wants to drink is bourbon. Well, I'm not a drinker. So I just pay water or a diet. There is going to be no nyspresso or coffee or anything else. It's not going to happen. What time does she start in a day? Usually about times it now. What day of the week? No, I'm kidding. She's not a dog. Yeah. She likes brunch on the weekend. Let's put it that way. And I'm like, it's like noon. Yeah. It's meal three. Like what do you do? One week later, I get to have a few drinks. When we stayed in Australia, we stayed at like four different Airbnb and one hotel. And three out of the four places had an espresso machine. And they just gave you all the pods. Dude, I sucked down so much coffee while we were there. I'm like, I got to take advantage. There's so good. There's so good. Yeah. All right. What about this one for optimal muscle growth? Oh, would you split your GH dose if you were taking 10 IU of taste? Sorry. I can't go into that one. I trained. I've never got my question for one day off. Lars, I'm sorry. We've talked about this before. Jen, I do 15 IU on training days and no GH on rest days. Or should I take 10 IU every day consistently. Guys. And tonight, we put on the gloves and boxes. Because you're a Ebola, all right. I only want to get to 10. All right. So you know, like, one of those, um, one of those little wheels. You know, you get those email pop ups that's like spin the wheel and you went up the eyes. Okay. Put any combination of that total amount of GH you want into different boxes. Spin the wheel and just do that because I think at the end of the day, the net result is probably going to be close to the same. Right. Yeah. That's what I'm getting at. Do that every day as an experiment and then report to us. You spin the wheel. Take your shots. Yeah. And then it could be argued to how do you mix your GH? Is it very concentrated or is it kind of diluted? Because every time you take a shot, you might lose a little bit of that. Mm. You have a door all evens out if you're using the whole bottle. Yeah. Yeah. Good point. I always show a little bit of, and this is always creeps people out. I don't get to say. But I put a little bit of air. Yeah. Just make sure you get it off. No one's apparently it takes like this much to get in what's that. Like, it's like, oh, ventures to kill you in an IV. So if it takes that much in an IV, I'm pretty sure that much in the muscle or sub cue. I'm going to cause any problems as I shifted my seat a couple minutes ago. So I don't die at the BBT. But anyway. Okay. I just, if I'm running out, there's not much water left in there. I may, and I know I've got like one shot left. I may put more water in there. Yeah. Because I hate if it's, you know, you're, there's a little bit around the rim that you get out. You're turning the bottle this way. If I just put an extra, you know, half mill in there. I'm more likely to get it all out. Oh, how strong do you guys, how strong do you do? I usually do personally one mill per ten IU. Oh, really? Okay. All right. So I've got some 36 unit bottles right now. And I just put a CC of water in there. So each, oh, yours are real. They're very concentrated. Yeah. Okay. I'm, because I'm Sarah's them. Um, what is that? It's one CC. Yeah. Yeah. I go 1.8 because I was talking to my clients and like, make math easy. Yeah. That way every 10 minutes is a let me touch on something. Okay. I don't know if you guys get this. There's not a day that goes by that I get a simple math question. And I'm not talking like complex like mixing these compounds together to equal. No, we're talking like simple physical chemistry. And beyond that, I literally have on my first post on my Instagram, a website. That does all the peptide math for you. Oh, is that right? And I made a post and I told clients and I told the same people over and over again. And sometimes I'm just like, so you didn't pay attention to chemistry or physical physics at all, because it's literally, or math class or simple math. Yeah. It's kind of mind blowing to me because it's like, you could ask chat GPT. Like why you send in these questions to me ask chat. I would rather they double track with me. And I would, you know, I feel like, you know, you're working with me. I'm going to make sure I don't want you to mess things up. So I will entertain that and I'll go through it for them and I'll even show them. And then once I commit, man, I'm even getting out in insulin syringe and I'm saying when you drop, you're going to do this. You're going to take 10 units. 10 units looks like this. It's insulin. It's insulin. Yes. I get a little bit of everything. I do with everything. But you know what? I did have one client who this was not my fault at all. Man, but I still felt terrible about it. She's just jet pop, all right. And this is a couple years ago, some of gluteide. She bought some some gluteide instead of waiting and talking to me about it. We had discussed how much she was going to take. But we hadn't talked about mixing it or anything. She knew that she was going to take a half a milligrams. I think it was. This has been a few years. So she put in a milleter of water. And then since she wanted to take a half a milligrams, she took a half a milleter. Yeah. She took 2.5 milligrams and was so sick. Unable to eat. She didn't even tell me for like three days. And she waited till her check in. And she's like, I haven't been able to eat. I was throwing up. I'm thinking to myself, like, you might need to go to the hospital. Probably not at 2.5. But I keep pancreatitis. All the symptoms are pointing to yes, you know. And she thankfully she did. She was okay. But, ah, man, I felt terrible about that. Even though she did it all on her own, you know. You. All right. What about this one? Do you think that SLU and the off season would aid in growth, allowing you to eat more food and stay leaner or do you think that it's just burning more calories so that you eat more and not really gaining anything? I see SLU primarily first as a health supplement before bodybuilding supplement. You know what I'm saying? But, you know, I think anything we can do to improve my to control health, do to let's say me 42 odd years of eating even clean organic foods, which we know the organic farms right next to the non organic farm. And the natural organic area over, right? Just the fact that our food is packaged in plastics or my organs. Just all the things we're doing that degrade nutrients, which are going to have a net effect on our at the cellular level and eventually the mitochondria. So first and foremost, I see SLU as a mitochondrial health and a general health supplement. Okay. In terms of the question, I think with that reasoning, if you're keeping your cells healthier, yes, you're able to eat more and yes, you're going to be able to gain more muscle eventually. I think a healthier body is a better gaining body in terms of muscle mass. So, yeah, I think yeah, adding SLU in the office is definitely a good idea. Yeah, I'm going to have to go a little higher in the dosing with the SLU. Because when I added it, it didn't really do anything. And I had a myriad of other compounds in there. So I have to go back to it when I don't have a lot of other things that I'm taking. To be able to get a more accurate read, I'm going to take the dosa. Let's see. So, I don't know. Okay. In how long, and I'm with you, by the way, got nothing to add. In how long does EQ start to lower E2 if it does that for you? And I'm not sure how fast. I mean, I guess we would have to look at the rate. Well, it's individual because the rate of individual enzymes that metabolize EQ from the ester, get into the bloodstream, and then it's somewhat individual, but I would say, 10 to 12 days, probably for the majority of people. Yeah, and then I can't disagree. I'm thinking as the ester is going to play a part of it, but in with it being a longer ester, it's not going to be rapid. If not going to be like an AI would, and then it would be right away. So, no. Yeah. Like if you were to inject test noester, that's going to happen effect on ester gene within that for our period, right? Because it has noester. It's test-based basically. But looking at something like EQ, it's a longer ester compound. Yeah, I guess that's, I would stick with me answer, probably somewhere in the 10 to 12 day mark for most people. Okay, then I can't disagree with it. And then probably a stronger effect, you know, five weeks in, you know, depending on what your dose is, it's going to continue to build, right? So, absolutely. So, let me ask you guys this, let's say that you're running a cycle, you've got a client running a cycle with test any EQ, and you have it dosed in such a way that you're not going to use any AI. If you were to go in in three weeks, I feel that your ester gene levels are probably not going to be like completely stable, yeah, you know what I'm saying? Because you're everything still building, how long would you wait to get a read on what your ester gene levels actually are going to be in that cycle? That's a good question too. Yeah. Off the top of my head, I'm thinking six, seven weeks. That might not be, might want to play it, save and go eight. That's a tough one. Yeah, because, well, how it would be extremely rare for someone to start to play in of ester gene related side effects three weeks into the cycle? Right. It's usually like you said, skip six, seven weeks. Hey, I'm feeling a little different, whatever that may be, you know? So yeah, I would say six, seven weeks is probably a good time frame. Yeah, I go with that. I've gone like five, because I feel like we're going to be able to get pretty good info. You know what I mean? And if your ester gene is completely tanked at five weeks, it's probably still going to be tanked at seven or eight. But yeah, I think you're probably right to get an actual like accurate, you know, reading you're probably going to want to go a little bit longer than that. But why not? Oh, yeah. So we were trying to put together like, I remember somebody asked just like, what's your dream cycle? None of us said, Inchrelex as part of it. Yeah. We got a mastop, I think, guys. Yeah. And it took an anchor like, yeah. Is it was free, free anchor Lex Andrew? It's a free anchor Lex. Yeah. Me and Matt Porter were going to buy like 20k of it years ago. God. Um, one of us backed out of Cameron boy. Um. I don't know. Here's the thing. I don't know how much anchor Lex would have positively changed my physique in terms of, was it going to make me a 290 pound, you know, big ramen? No, I don't think so. I think I always had a very realistic view of what these, but to expect from these compounds and what the most they could do for me in terms of also weighing the risk on long-term health. So I don't, I don't know if I'm still, I probably would still leave it out, you know. If it was free. I mean, I probably try it for two. I'm saying, I'm thinking, come on Andrew. Yeah. I know I'm 55 and I dig it. Yeah. I'm trying to put myself back into 26 through 32 year old Andrew who was just all in economics. I can't see you know, which yeah, I mean, definitely would have probably three anchor likes. Yeah. I mean, think about it at 2632. I still had kids relying on me like if I died, something would happen. That'd be terrible. Now they're all gone. Now wife on this, maybe it only briefly. She'll be on a beach and borrow borrow with my wife insurance cash now. So be like, yeah, it's too bad he's gone, but I'm doing okay for myself. I recently, just in the last week, I was talking to a pro. I don't want to mention his name, but you guys, everybody in the audience would know who he is. And he had used anchor likes like he did the he dove in. You know what I'm saying? Like he was like, I'm going to make the investment. I'm going to run this for real. And I had been a while ago. It was like a couple years back that he had done that. And so I reached out to him and he just came to mind. And I was like, hey, now in hindsight, what was your take on when you had run anchor likes? And he said, honestly, man, I don't know. He was like, I got incredible pumps. Like in incredible pumps. And I said, well, I could relate to that that I got good pumps from IGF. One LR3. And he was like, oh, no, like it's in a different world than IGF LR3. This far as that goes. He said, but I don't know how much of it really contributed to new muscle gain. So I would compare that probably to taking a bottle of Serus Demoday. Like when I tell you the pumps, I mean fresh out of bed. You go to brush your teeth and you're like, holy crap. People get your arm and you you're just going like this and don't make any jokes about that. Just going like, well, I would like what? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You're like holy crap. My whole delts and bi-center. They look like I just do a full chest arm workout. You know what I mean? Like it's just for brushing your teeth. You're watching the dishes. You're like, holy crap. This hurts it. I'm so pumped right now. Or yeah, it's amazing. It's amazing. Nothing short of amazing. I don't think I can run growth anymore, by the way. I've had these weird responses. I don't want to get into it like, you know, big topic, but I tried running it again. I've had a couple of kits that I've had. And you have any room? Yeah, that's probably bad. Send us. You can. I just touched the land rest in case you don't know. Yeah. Well, I might come down to that. So I'm on top of the world feeling. You know, like everything's going good. And then I get it in my head. Like, I think I'm going to, why don't I just add in that growth? I'm already taken my SS 31 every morning. And I get a few days in and I freaking crash. Go through my whole thing, you know, and Victorian, I kind of pinpointed. I think this is the third time that I've done that. I think it's something blood sugar related. I'm not sure I haven't been checking my blood sugar. So I can't say that as a fact. But there's something just something going on, man. I don't think I can take growth anymore. So there's that. Well, I just feel bad for your G.A.s. So it's generic skip. You don't want it. Oh, good boy. Yeah, that's definitely below me. My bad. Yeah. All right. Another great episode Scott. Oh, are you? Here's what he said. Are you running any test? And I can't say this word on YouTube. I'll say it like this. Another great episode Scott. Are you running any test with your G.A. G.H. Second letter of the alphabet. And if so, what's the ratio? Are you running? Hey. I see. Wait. Hey. Hey. That's my brain is so freaking slow. I'll tell you this. Yeah. You could get me that. I would use it. No. Would you use it on the show? No. I wouldn't use it. Hardly. I'm telling you, man. I wish I could go back because I'm old enough to be able to buy it at GNC. Yeah. I remember there. I was like, don't we have to have a table? I don't know how I missed this. I just don't know how I missed it. And I say that it be from a sleep standpoint. You know, recovery sample, things like that. You know, maybe it wouldn't have been as beneficial then when I was younger. But man, in my older age, that that's sleep and everything else. And then what would have happened is it would have been this spiral because my wife would have somehow found out how good did she be like, oh, screw the bourbon. I'm just thinking it's true. I'm just thinking it's true. Yeah. That's true. What a little bit. Yeah. Like I thought I had more of this than I did. So if I reached out, said he had someone who's refrigerator, you had a jug of it. Yeah. By living in Colorado and he didn't. I don't want to see where, where he lived. Don't want to give it away. Just say if you had it now, I could probably drive there. So I said, I responded and I said, I never tried the stuff and he responded saying, I think you might have missed red what I said, great. Keep up the great content. And then I'm still not putting it together and then you see Suma said, Hey, man, I think that you meant DHB brother. Oh, okay. Okay. One to one. I've been doing it like a one to one ratio. So fcaught. Yeah. Do you have a ratio with your DHB skip? No, it's not usually as high as Tesla. I mean, like as an example, if I run it, I don't usually run it over. And I don't run it at 300, 400 milligrams, but I don't think I've taken it over 400. I find it to be just a, I mean, I think that was one of the first ones of three of us. Correct me if I run, but I mean, I can't say them. And I just love this stuff. Like I don't see it because it came up. I think at least 10 toxicity. What's that? I ran in 2010. You want to be. Oh, yeah. I used to for years. It was just worth that impressed with it. I don't know. I liked it. Oh, but I didn't like the pain from the shots. Yeah. And so I just never circled back around to it. And it wasn't like super highly available back then either. There was like one guy, you know. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, then I think it came up when we started talking about it. Based on the toxicity, everybody was in weird. I'm like, I just don't see this. And I still don't see this. Okay. And there are things that can do, you know, everybody has different variables and different things. And we take different things and, you know, we have to hear what I'm saying. Here's what I think that comes down to skip. So there were like two studies that were done on rats. And in those rats, they saw higher inflammation markers. Now I've had three clients that have all tested before they used it. And then tested six weeks in and their inflammation markers were fine. They're in their liver values were fine. Like absolutely fine. You see, so much as finish this contest prep, he had been running it for like at least three months, maybe four months, 400 milligrams. And guess what? His liver values are in range post-contest now. Yeah. No. There's that. And it's great. The levels are in range too. They're like everything is good. Nice. All right. Is that question about crashing your test? There was a couple of other things in here. As someone who's always suffered from poor sleep, I've looked into, I'm looking for some improvements. I had to blow this up. Sorry, you're second here. There we go. What are your thoughts on high dose melatonin? I know Dante recommended a high dose in the past. And I recently heard Cuba uses the same approach, thoughts and ideas as always, thank you all for the free info that you provide. You are invaluable to the bodybuilding community. Thank you, Mark. Appreciate the kind of words, man. I don't have sleep problems. I am this one's kind of not in my wheelhouse. I've had your ready to take the GH second letter. The alphabet right now. Good point. Yeah, that's very good. Maybe I'm just upset that I missed that. That. That arrow. Yeah, that arrow, that that break, that whatever the hell it is. Thanks. That's what I'm looking for. Yeah. I don't have sleep. I mean, like I said, I sleep well and try not. My wife gets mad. My latency is like three to five minutes if that. She's like you will be snoring within five minutes. So it's probably good that we don't have the same sleep schedule because she wouldn't be able to go to sleep. Or the show she's in point at the hotel. She moved over to the other bed and I'd wake up. She'd have pillows all over and I feel bad. But I'm like, what do I do? And is that really helping one bed away? Like is it not loud over there? But my next to me and the same that is the same. But don't you get some, like, some earplugs. You know, she normally does and she forgot them. That's why she said she doesn't. Can I not, you know, she does not call me skip. So he's skip. Yeah, it's skip. It's gone. You know, don't feel bad. It just, that's how that's how, you know, I'm like, why did I have? Why was I snoring because I don't snore when I'm lean? So we couldn't figure that out either. But I was snoring that last week probably. Oh, that's another, you know. How high is the highest you've taken your melatonin, Andrew? 80 milligrams. Yeah. And did you build that? Over time. No, that was talking Dante. And then I think I did it for like a month. I didn't see any difference honestly. So like currently now I just do 10 orally. And then I think I get another five or 10 injectable from this blood of stuff that I use with like aubo. And what? Okay. My thing is, I think I sleep fine. It's the duration. I don't hear it. Well, not only get four and a half, five hours just when I schedule it. Wow. So it's definitely, if there's one major pitfall in my health program, I guess you can say it's definitely, you know, the lack of sleep. So now you have a different protocol for sleep. Don't you much like my daughter and my son in terms of like glyceone and stuff like that or no, I don't want to throw you into the bus to get something you wanted to forget it. Oh, no, go ahead. Why? I just, I thought you, herb was it in herb? Yeah. Yeah. I'm also, yeah. No, no. So I mean, that's to help me relax. I use a little bit of THC. Yeah, for sure. Okay. I didn't know if you, I was like, maybe I should, I don't give a shit. No, it's 2025. You know what I mean? My daughter goes out on the balcony every night. My wife used to bitch at her. She's like, I run this place. You can't be seen out on the balcony. I can see your wife because it is technically still illegal. Yeah. It's just barely missing. Hey, so I'm passing. Honestly, I think it's might be a good thing that it didn't get passed legally because if you look at the research for communities that do pass it, like there's a major downfall, increase in crime, increase in things are just so lacks like that. Yeah. Well, look at any of the places that have legalized, like drug use, like Portland and stuff like, you just some of it's different though. Do you know what I mean? Like, like say like the real heavy stuff in Portland versus, like we have, we have, we have a big conversation here. Is Colorado bad now? If you, if you were to do like an internal, like real pulling of the residents that are taxpayers, they wish they wouldn't have done it from what I understand. I'd have to look into it for Michigan. I haven't, I haven't seen or heard anything here, but it is recreational here too, but I guess it doesn't answer his question. You get a podcast with Dr. Dean St, or I did a podcast with Dr. Dean St. Martin, probably four years ago now called Hacking Sleep with Dr. Dean St. Martin. And we pulled up a basically like a thing that he had made and showed like a slide showing all the pathways of how your body ends up with melatonin. And his whole goal is instead of just giving you melatonin, helping you to improve your own natural production and sustain it through the night. So we talked about the different types of insomnia, having a hard time falling asleep versus having a hard time staying asleep and why those two things happen. And I found that like just learning that and I watched it like three times after we recorded even, it's helped me a lot to understand the process and understand the benefits of everything we talk about with Sleep hygiene. And the light going into your eyes. It's not just a fed that stuff really is important in giving yourself the time to relax and basically get rid of the dopamine to give way to the serotonin. But I'm still not gonna say don't use melatonin. I found the same thing, man. I found that like 30, I think I got the 30. And it was too much for me. And then get this, I became dependent on it. I ran 30 for like a couple months. And then I was like I'm just not gonna take it and then I couldn't sleep. I had to take like, I had to step it back down and get takes 20 and then 15, you know. So that was an issue. But Dr. Dina has a lot of good supplements that he recommends in there. He does make a sleep stack that contains them all, but you could put them all together yourself. I've taken some of myself, you know, I've like pulled some of his ideas using things like P5P, and L. Theanine. I think that there could be a lot of beneficial stuff to that certain forms of magnesium are freaking killer, right? For sleep. Do you guys ever mess with magnesium for sleep, Andrew? Every night. That's the idea. You could even not have the sleep issues. What kind do you use? Oh, by the wise, but basically, yeah, there you go. Thank you. Okay. Yeah. I got a whole program, our whole product that has, it's actually a no name brand off Amazon, because, you know, I compare and greeting for greeting. As long as it's a third party test of company, it was like half the cost of some of these bigger name companies, but a, you know, CNN, originally a Rosoya, or I came and ready to say that. 5HTP, the Larian route, now a tone in, it's got a few other things to do. And then I do glycine, one thing I think, if you could, to really improve your sleep, take like three to five grams of glycine powder. It's, it's really cheap. Yeah. Like, it's, I was actually amazed at how much I helped my sleep. Hmm. I was like, how long did I go on the phone? That's, I was like, magnesium. I used elemental magnesium. I noticed that that one's really good. Yeah. I used to drink a monster zero for five hours for my good and I can sleep. I mean, it's just, it's just crazy. I don't understand. I mean, actually, real quick, I know it's not entirely based on this question, but we're talking about sleep. Does smoking in much like drinking wood? Does smoking negatively impact, you know, REM cycles or deep sleep or anything like that? I personally have seen no change. I can't speak. I know I did some research at some point, but I also don't like abuse it. I don't like, I literally go outside and take like, you know, two or three puffs out of a pipe. That's what my dog got at night. You know what I'm saying? It's more just like a wine debt. Like I put the computer away. Sure. Wounded down. Same way, someone around a cocktail at night or glass of wine to to to wind down. It's really, you know, 10 pm. I think a few puffs. Eat my last meal. We get bed. Go to sleep. I don't care how late I'm getting bed in the morning. I cannot get off the computer and go straight to bed. I do need about 20 minutes just to get whether it's a Netflix 20 minutes, something on my phone. I need to not regulate. I encourage reading for that. Like, and I know people are not going to read for telling you. Like reading if you're a ton, if you're already a little tired and you know you should be going to bed, like reading you'll fall asleep without book right in here. Right in the left. But I've gone back to reading. Actually, it's weird. Years. The kids will say when we get together. I remember getting out of his when they were little. You know, have his little stand by the toilet and he'd have two or three books on it. That's all you have to say. I'm like, yeah, prior to social media. And then I had to pay attention when I woke up to, you know, everything that was going on and catch up for the day. But I went back to blunt force Tonya says she has, oh, I have about 70 puffs. I thought that. That's three hours of downregulating. Yeah. I mean, the other thing to tie this all together for optimal sleep is I think you want to try to recreate what's going on outside. So I encourage people to not use overhead lighting and to use more lamp lighting because it's more dim, right, to help with, because your brain senses, with your circadian rhythm, what's going on with the outside. And you want to try to replicate. It's why you wake up in the morning. The sun comes out. It's why you want to go to sleep at night when it's dark. You're about your room temperature. You're better in temperature to like 63 degrees. The body likes right around 62 to 63 to fall asleep. Make sure your room is in order. Like, don't have it being disarray because subconsciously, your brain just like, you ever seen a dog when a dog is getting in bed. It's moving around and it's moving the cover. It's exactly how it wants it. Part of it is, I guess it's subconscious looking for snakes or looking for reptiles or things that it wants to that could, could possibly get. Now I won't sleep well tonight. Thanks. Well, it's a phobia of snakes. So there's that. It's a built-in. I got a great video for you from my apartment. No, no. But, uh, I'll definitely send it. No, but, uh, but subconsciously, your body wants your sleeping arrangements to be in order so you can relax and check one thing. Another thing off the list. All right. With you 100% on that, um, what is the lowest effective dose of our now famous cycle, test EQ in, uh, NPP? Um, what was the lowest effective? Let's say you have somebody who, uh, what is the most effective dose? Exactly. All of it. Um, let's see. We had somebody who was like, uh, intermediate. They're at a point where they're, and they can use enough gear to run three compounds, but they haven't really taken their test over 600. And I made that up because I have no clue what a suggestion is. I don't throw a number out, but I don't like it. Okay. 400 300 300. I don't like it. I want to buy three three, but then we go over the thousand, you know, milestone, are, you know, are we saying that like when you walk into the gym after a month, maybe haven't seen a body in a while, he's like, well, bro, like you blow up. You blew up recently. Like that kind of recognition like you're on a cycle right now. Like that's the lowest. That's the time. We don't. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But he walked in the gym. It's been a while. Yeah. You know, um, yeah. I wouldn't disagree with you, uh, skip out. You know, I'd go with that. 400 300. Yeah. I think. Yeah. If I were to go with any lower, I do like maybe 400 test 300 EQ and 200 and PP, and like for something low, low. So yeah, I was going to go lower. I just leave out a combo. Yeah. You know what I mean? I probably would go, you know, I'm looking at like, what 400 300, you know, I just wouldn't, I wouldn't take this 500 400 and come down to like 150 or, you know, yeah, there comes a point where, yeah. At the end of the day, doesn't matter who I'm, yeah, probably. You know what, if I only would have taken three compounds with the same milligrams, those who just, uh, you know, it, you know, it. Um, hey, Scott, put question for the next episode starting a 16 week cycle 600 test 450 EQ, 225, DACA trying to stay around Andrews 1 to 8 to 4 ratio suggestion from a few episodes back. Andrew, I bet you don't even remember that suggestion. Been small to do what we need. I mean, because we're not really like big ratio people, but I feel like people are looking at ratios and they're like, oh, that's the ratio Andrew always goes by, you know. Look, can I say something real quick? Like, if I'm playing in a client cycle and helping them out with that, there's no, I don't start with a ratio of hard numbers of anything. Right. It's like what you experience, you know, what do you feel comfortable with? And then the biggest question I ask is what are the side effects you've had from XWRZ. And then let's maybe think about eliminating the compound that I think causes that. And then let's start with that. And then, okay, so let's just say someone's use and their cycles 1200 milligrams for their offseason cycles, you know, maybe 700 tests and 500 of something else, right? Okay, we might probably start with that. But again, it's also focusing on, well, I'm going to assume that you probably haven't been paying attention to nutrition, the training, the supplements, the sleep, all the other things that are going to make you grow better. So I want to get more out of that. And then we'll probably going to discuss the drugs. But there's no ratios at all. Like, very rarely is there ratio of them. If you hear our say ratios in the show, it's just like, oh, skip said 500, 500. I'm like, yeah, one to one ratio. Oh, no one. This sounds okay. Yeah. Yeah. It's not like we have this preconceived sheet of, okay, they're going to look at this and that. Okay, we need to do exactly this in that. So I think more and more people are telling people, more and more people on content, content creators are like throwing out ratios. Like, yeah. And I get it. Like, it sounds sexy, man. Like, and it does just kind of button everything up. You know what I mean? Yeah. Also, let's do, like, if you have a coach that just gives you ratios, like, right out of the bat, I'd be probably second guessing. Same thing if like, if a coach just gives you a pre-made 20-week cycle without the caveat of like, I'm putting these numbers on here because it's kind of a ballpark of what I'm trying to get. Right. Really to let you know what compounds to have ready for this many weeks out so that you prepared and we're not, hey, let's throw this in. Oh, shoot, I got to get my guide ascended to me. It's going to take two weeks and now we're two weeks behind. It's really just, it's a template, not a prescription. Right. Yeah. Lightweight baby says, hey, Scott, I purchased some true nutrition. Hydralized beef collagen on your recommendation. How much do you recommend taking per day? Even the nutritional facts, one serving is like 30 something grams of protein much higher than other collagen products. So just from talking to a guy who did all of his PhD research on collagen, he said that 20 grams is pretty much been the best number that they had found in that they've seen in research. And that's kind of what I've seen too. Okay, had suggested a full 30 grams, which is the whole scoop. But he also suggested that to me when I had torn my shoulder. So I've kind of leaned into the 20 to more or less save money. And then with an injury, I would push it up to 30. Now, I wouldn't say that this is something where you're going to notice a difference either way. Like you're not going to notice anything. It's not something where it will change the way you feel or that you'll notice like, oh my shoulder doesn't hurt anymore. It's just the materials that your body can use to create new, connective tissue. Because with this of the collagen experts that you talked about, would he have said anything maybe, like with a dosing be different for say 110 pound female versus say a 270 pound or 260 pound male body builder. That's a great point. No, we didn't get into all that. I mean, I could imagine that if you were bigger, you might be able to better. If you had more connective tissue, yeah, as I'm getting out, you have more connective tissue, more muscle tissue that's pulling on that connective tissue, using higher poundages, would it be more beneficial to supplement a little bit more or even less if you're, are you just wasting some if you're 115 pound female? Yeah. And then we had, it could be like a whole podcast. But can you guys do a video talking about your health supplements that you all take? That would be the podcast. It wouldn't be. Is there anything that jumps out to you right now that you're excited about health supplement wise? No, they're not very exciting. Right. Yeah. It's an expense that you're like, well, I'm only doing this so I stay healthier, not, it's not a listening and irgogenic benefit. So no. Yeah. Yeah. You're doing up so long, that though. Yeah. And then we had a question and I want to get your opinions to on this. Scott, what are your top three guns? Ha ha. That you own or that you. I think just top three is my guess. Yeah. I don't know. Andrew, what do you think of the staccato? Fucking love it, man. Yeah. It's hard not to, right? It's the point where I like, I want to give away all my other handguns, except for like maybe one of my canics. So listen, I got my staccato, right? And at the time, you didn't know about staccato's yet. You were buying Strecrifiers and you're like, dude, I got another $400 Strecrifier. Yeah. And why did you do that? Just get us, just stop. Don't get us staccato. You know, no, you're having that right. You're this. Because it's an investment. It's just, you know, it's, you know, I think I didn't see myself as, I guess, an enthusiast or maybe I didn't feel like I trained enough to need a firearm or, you know, like, yeah, I get that. You know what I'm saying? Like I wasn't as invested as a, as a, as a, as a user, you know, yeah, yeah, get that for sure. And I feel like, yeah, I, there's never a day that goes by wherever I regret it. It was a more expensive, I don't buy a lot of expensive stuff and it was expensive. So yeah, it was like, you know what, but there's never a day where I regret it. And there's been shit in my life where I'm like, fuck, I didn't really need that. You know what I mean? I get a lot of pleasure out of it. So it was worth it to me. So I'm going to say, staccato number one, I am going to say my guy's least super duty number two and then I'm going to say number three, anything B&T pistol, color, brocciar, carbine, although we can't put super, super safety's in them yet. They haven't been advanced enough to be able to do that. Because yeah, so those are those are my three. What do you got for our Sandra? Definitely going to go with the staccato. I'm also going to go with my Wilson combat, AR pistol. I love that going. I'll go third with, I really do like my mechanic, Mette, as a I feel like for a striker fire pistol, it's the trigger is so similar to like my staccato that I think that's why I love it. So I hear they're really good. I have never shot a canic, but I've only heard like awesome things about them. And the price is incredible, right? Put it this way. If you're in the market for like, I would say like a low to mid level sig or a glock or some of those other like brands that are in that tier price wise, give a canic a shot. I think you'll be surprised at it's functionality. You know, skip what you got for us. I know you got it. Well, I don't want to say because you guys are like on the advanced levels, you're going to be like, okay. He carries that. I mean, you know, I have a, I had a, have a, how can I already pay, which I really like and can't carry it because it's like a bazooka. I carry a Kimber 380, Crimson Trace. It's small. I know you laugh because it's a 380, but you know, how the points are still, they'll still take your soul. I like it's a 380. I can say that without YouTube. You can't. You can't. Yes. You sure can. It also this, this, this yanks my man card right here. If it's into my Gucci bag, just find it. Let me tell you something. You see, you see a, do with a Gucci bag, you don't think he's barren. You will not think that's yeah. That's a good point. So I'm the guy in the room. I'm a guy with the bag. He, he cleared the room. I got a point. He eliminated the threat. All right. We appreciate everybody tuning in. Thank you guys for being here. And of course, leave us questions for the next episode. Comment. Tell us what you think in, hey, at just personally, if you are a second amendment enthusiast, too, then I want to know what your top three is. And of course, check out treenutrition.com. Use our code, thanks supplement source.ca for Canadians. Thank you to everybody from. Oh, I asked you to send me a physique critique and I almost bailed on him. Didn't I? I was going to say that, but I'm like, oh, he's already starting his. I was a rock man. I figured this was your time. You're like, I will do it next time. I want to cut you completely drop the ball on that. All right, we'll make this real quick game. We're going to get you up here. Let's see here. Share and screen window. Here he is. All right. So we just competed in Australia. You competed in Australia? I think he said Australia. Yeah. Yeah. Nice. No, no, no, no, no. This is somebody else, isn't it? Yeah. I was talking to somebody else from Australia. That's the work with this. I have another guy. That's right. Who's from Australia? Yeah. No, he's American. All right. Yeah, he looked great here, man. I think the question for him was, was he going to go class or stand body building? Yeah, if I remember, yeah. Be careful. Be careful. He's swipe right. Look at that, dude. Yeah. Yeah, his conditioning is always ridiculous. I think he's been in this kind of like, because I've seen pictures of him in like 10 weeks out and glutes lower back or all fully straighted. Like like like almost contest condition. Like that is peeled. Absolutely. Lights out peeled. Yeah. Oh, that's a great shot, too. His back shots are freaking incredible, huh? Yeah. Now his details on another level. Looks like he did juniors. I can try to blow these up as we're going a little bit. He's. Ah, there we go. Condition is second and none. I think he's definitely been the most condition guy in every show that I've seen him in. For him, I think it's really, you got to fill out. You just got to fill out the tissue. You got to grow. Yeah. Yeah. I think that's what probably his feedback's always been. You know, like, where all over? Yeah. Yeah. You know what's for this strikes me? Yeah. Now looking in when he's in a pose, the arms don't strike me as a weakness, but immediately on that, whether it be the back shot or there was another one, I thought what his arms are down by a side, they looked in. But in pose, they look great. The shape. Yeah. Conditioning obviously is great, but the shape. It's just, you're right, Andrew. This is just a matter of adding balance tissue. More, this could be a really insaneer. The thing that one it is right now, just made that one. It's good. Yeah. My understanding is that he can't get fat like he just doesn't feel like it's very hard for him to put on size like he just can't look at that. Look at that. Look at that. Oh, he's crap. No waste. Yeah. Yeah. Make a bigger real quick. Yeah. Jesus. Yeah. His frickin' waste is insane, dude. Look at the striations, the light, like just those, like just faint striations through his packs. Yeah. But if he were to flex, he's not even flexing him hard. If he were, they would all strike hard. But like you're still seeing lines in him when they're just like kind of flexed. I'm surprised with his shoulder width and his back is so good that he can have his elbows that low. You know what I mean? It's almost like, like if he, I don't know, I'm just saying, I want to bring some more. Yeah. I just wonder what that would look like now. It may not look better, but that's what's going through my brain because I'm just saying, how do you get your elbows that low? He looks like he's missing some bones down in his torso. I don't know which one. Yeah. Grab some thin butt. Right. Yeah. I mean, I think testing is only about four. Yeah. He's missing an organ. He's got to be. Go back to some of those full body shots again. Look at the, the hotel room. Yeah. Maybe. Go back to the one with ink. There's four pictures in there. All right. Yeah. Let's go on one of those. Go that up a bit. So the knees being so far out wide in the front shots. Yeah. There we go. That's a little distracting to me. It basically kind of plays on taking away from his shape in a sense. And it tells me you just got to build bigger set of legs. You got to have more more quads. We, more out of actors. That's one thing, and I'm just, I've been a stick around it. All my clients are probably sick of me. Like, stop pushing your knees out so much. It's exposing that you need to put on more muscle. Same thing with like figure athletes too. Like when they're kind of squatting, a little bit, it's like now stay big. Stay tall. And he's not tall, right? I don't think he's the shortest guy in the world either, though. Okay. If I remember Crickle, I think he might be a lay heavy. Maybe he's full. Is there any info on an email? Okay. Yeah, I mean, I think he's, to turn pro. I think he's got to be a top end heavyweight. I think if summing this is like him making the lay heavies, he's got to be, he's got to put on like 15 to 20. Use the other thing. I think if I'm not mistaken, he's also a doctor. He just graduated medical school recently. So he's obviously been spending a lot of mental energy on that. And maybe body buildings will become a little easier for him. You know, now that he probably has a career path and isn't studying as much. So you're right as on test grips, too. I don't know. That's where we go every time. That guy on the little antivar now. Yeah, yeah. Good. Yeah. Yeah, he looks fantastic, though. He looks fantastic. I got to graduate with a DNP in May. And I couldn't resist. Like, can you write prescription? Can you? Yeah. She's like, you would go there, would you? Oh, yeah. Like, I didn't put you through school for nothing. Exactly. Now, they all, you think you got through his goal. Yeah. I got one more that I wanted to show you guys. And this is just a follow up from a physique critique. So he said, he's got, I sent you pics about six weeks out from the show. I just competed this week in in Perth, Australia. I came third overall, classic, open, second, heavyweight open body builder. 24 years old, he weighs 216 pounds. He's five, 11 and a half. Potentially, could have gotten second and body building, but my nerves and sweating on stage got the best of me and ruined my look in that round, unfortunately. Here are some stage picks and some comparisons to the last show. The final two photos were my last show in 2023 at 90 kilograms versus 98.2 kilograms. Now, thanks, Scott, keep up their amazing work with the boys on the podcast. Let's see. All right, he says, next show is pro card opportunity in two weeks. And that is actually happening. That might have already happened. It was just last weekend. It was just past week. Yeah. I was going to say he sent me this on the 13th of September. Australia has two seasons. They've season A and Cs and B where they have their local shows, a couple weeks before the regional shows. And then they have their pro qualifier. So it's kind of like all their shows, season shows are in a three to five week period. And then they shut down for five months. And then they do it again for season B. And this was okay. I remember this guy now. Here he is. Let's see. Yeah, he looks good. And let's go. Yeah. See if I can blow this up a little bit more. There we go. Got some good abs in that shot. Yeah, great. That ball. Nice twisting shot. I want to see the legs a little bit harder. Okay. You got third overall, said. I think so. Yeah. Yep. Could he twist that the leg, not the leg is standing on, but the other one. Could he twist that leg out just a little bit? Show a little bit more of a certain worry is and development. Yeah. And my add a little more sweep too. That's what I'm wondering. You know? Yeah. No. Yeah. I'm going to bring that with you. How old is he? I could see maybe a little dryer from the back of our trying to critique him. You know, if it like upper body specifically, lower body is looking a little bit harder than the upper maybe. Is it a water thing? I wonder, you know? What's funny, the lower body looks harder from the back and the upper body looks harder from the front. Hmm. Yeah, that's. That's a, he looks very, yeah. That's a nice shot on him right there. It's very subtle shot too, you know? But I feel like if anybody in the world weren't into lifting weights and they wanted to get into it, anybody could say like, I want to look like this. What a pervert. You know what I mean? Yeah. Yeah. Great shape to the packs too, you know? Hmm. Yeah. I mean, let's see. Okay. All right. Let's see, get some comparisons going here. So I'd have a second out of this line up. Man, I was thinking the same, but, you know, it's a picture. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I would too. Now that you mentioned it. So this guy apparently, it looks like they gave him second is what we're guessing. Lane. I'm just kidding. I'm just kidding. I'm just kidding. This is just a big dude. Look at the arms on this guy. Yeah. Yeah. I mean. To me that that guy was clear winner is you getting a little bit away from the classic and looking a little bit. Yeah. You think? Sure. But he made the Hayden way chart and he pulled a vacuum. He plays a vacuum. Yeah. But I mean, yeah, I still say I would have, I can't remember what his name is, but I'd have him in second place here. Do we have a backshot? Let's see. Keep rolling here. See what else we got. Oh, look at that side shot on him. Yeah. I think I'd still have. Well, you know, getting second in this shot. I do like the big guy though. You know. Yeah. The big guy up top looks good. I like, oh, I would say I like his lower body better than the big guys here. Got better than that. Oh, I agree. Yeah. Yeah. There you go. Oh, that big dude's back is freaking solid. Yeah. You know what? He might have fallen victim to be next to the big guy who has a good. Yeah, you got a wonder right there. I wonder. Looking at his back compared to this guy over here, I feel like he's got him. You know, yeah, I agree with that. Maybe just a little bit of tweaking the posing and the lower body might help him out. Like that right leg looks a little too straight. Yeah. Pushing in the out just a little bit, creating a little more aesthetics. But I still, I'm not moving. I think I still have him in second place in the show. Yeah. I'm not a big fan of the glutes and hips on the guy in the center. That's just, that's just, you know. Yeah. Not as conditioned in the center, but he's got that size. Well, because he's not talking. He's not talking the same way. Yeah. You know what I mean? This aesthetically, to me, it doesn't look as pleasing. I definitely say. I, I, I, I, I'm not going to say he got rubs, but like from these pictures. Oh, he should have beat this dude. Look at that. I think he's got the best app to dial up there. No offense to this guy because I am going to say this guy has a really nice physique too. And he's got really, I don't see it as much in this shot. But I feel like this guy has really nice shape. And I'm wondering if, you know, what would be the reasoning to that? Have something to do with it, but I'm with you, man. Yeah. I wonder how close that was second and third. I'm wondering. It's probably a, like, of, you know, eight, seven or something. Yeah. Exactly. Yeah. I like his class. It's a short better too. So yeah. Yeah. Well, this guy does have some cool stuff going on the, how billowy that lad is on him over here. There we go. Great lower body conditioning. Oh, yeah. Hmm. Okay. I think that was a good idea. Was it? Yeah. He looks incredible though. Looks really good. Solid physique, you know, third place you're right there. Just, you know, next year, probably be your year. Just treat every day like your contest prep this year and put on a little bit. Oh, he said he put on eight kilos, right? Which is like about 20 pounds from his last show. That's, that's amazing. It's 2023. So yeah, that's amazing. You even do half of that in, in a year. And yeah. You're going to be in that winter circle. So just keep out of it. And let that be a lesson too to maybe some people who haven't competed in their thinking they want to. That's a huge amount of weight. But he didn't step on stage again in 2024. He waited a year to bring this look, you know, very well worth it. Very much so. All right. I think we already have our outro. We're done. That's it. For nothing. But it's watching because of the outro. There's that. Yeah. We'll see you soon.