Hey, what's up guys? Thanks for tuning back into Blood Sweat and Gear. We got a bunch of topics lined up for you today. Hope your body building is going well. Hope you're picking up a lot of good stuff from our programming. We've got a bunch of topics today. I have timestamps below if you want to skip around for starters. We do a physique critique of one of our Patreon subscribers. Then Andrew's got a great topic. How to shoot good progress pictures for your coach. If you're new to working with an online coach, this will give you some good fundamentals. And if you've been doing it for a long time, you still might pick up a few tips. And if you're a coach yourself, you could share this with your clients so that they could get some better ideas. Then we discuss the peaking technique known as Phil and Phil. And finally, we bring on Dr. Ken Kenak, because I want you guys to learn about Swiss, which takes place in October. It's a symposium of educated people that all get together and share great ideas. I'll be there. Skip will be there. Andrew might be there. Victoria will be presenting. And it'd be cool if you guys want to show up. There is a lot that you can learn there. Hope you guys enjoy the show. If you're new here, let me encourage you to subscribe and hit the bell. We have several bodybuilding podcasts coming out each week featuring IPB pros, experienced coaches and educators in our industry that are all here to help you do better and have fun and stay safe doing this thing that we love called bodybuilding. Alright guys, let's get to the program. What's up guys? Welcome back to Blood Sweat and Gear. I'm Scott McNeillie. Of course, I'm here with coaches Skip Hill in Andrew Barry. Skip's been coaching for 20 years now. Andrew's at 14 going on 15. I'm just behind him. I've been coaching for 13 years. So literally we've seen thousands of people each transform their physique. And we're here today to help freely share our education with you so that you guys can do better at this sport that we love. All of our programming is brought to you by trunetrition.com. You can use our code. Thank for some additional savings. High quality third party test and supplements. We've believed in them for years. I used trunetrition and suggested them to my clients long before they were part of our programming. Thank you for that. Like I said, use our code to think the help supporter shows. Supplement source for those of you in Canada. You guys can get great deals over there. Including I think I mentioned, I saw a pre workout for like 15 bucks. Patreon. We guys appreciate everybody who is taking part in Patreon. In fact, we have a physique critique tonight. And he said, hey man, I wanted to be able to say thank you. So I signed up for the Patreon because it's cool. So thank you for that. I'll have links to all the stuff below. And we do have a new sponsor too for our UK people. And that's strong sports. They have really good health and performance supplements, health supplements mainly. Anyway, guys, that was a long little intro rambo. We have so much to do tonight, including physique critique. We're going to give everybody a whole breakdown on how to shoot your progress pictures. A lot of people, they just, they don't, they don't do it well. And I thought that it would be kind of a cool topic for us because I think everybody who's who's going to be working with a coach, even if you are working with a coach, you could probably use some pointers on that. Plus we have all of your listener questions from YouTube and a bunch more gentlemen. What's going on? I just wanted to say I'm really not here to share my knowledge. I'm here for the attention. Anybody pays attention to me for like 10 minutes, 15 minutes. You feel good? You feel good? Yeah. I feel important. Just like a dog that just needs to be scratched in the chest every couple hours. That's my dog. That would be a cat, whatever. My dog does that, where she'll look at me and she'll be like, the arm goes like this. She just lays back like the arm like this. My guy goes like this, he goes, yeah. He goes this, that's fine. Well, that means I'm giving you a scratch. That's funny. So anyway, we've had a bunch of people ask it about Nate Spear. They're like, where's Nate bin? He tried to get Nate out tonight, but he was dealing with a little food poisoning. So he will be with us though in the future. We're trying to get him out. Now that he's a pro. This is harder to get a real food poisoning, guys. Not bodybuilding food poisoning, you know. He actually, he had some food actually spoils. So for him, he loves doing the podcast. So for him to not do it, he's definitely under the weather right now. So. Think about it. He's going to lose probably. He's going to have an eight pounds. He's going to just shit water for a while. And he's still going to be over 260 considerably bigger, not even if I stood next to him. I'd look like I don't train. So you know what? He shits off seven to eight pounds. Good for him. Good. Did you watch her? Did you watch her? His guest posing from Marvel Montro off my Instagram? I didn't see it, but I saw that. Yeah, sure. So crazy. Oh, you got to watch the video. Yeah. It's really cool to see because you can see like what's happening right now and what it's going to look like next year when we, you know, hit the indie pro in the New York pro and hopefully a few other ones. So yeah, pretty cool to see. There's a very respectable, yeah, it was very respectable, um, guest posing conditioning. You know, I think some of the guys are getting away with some stuff, you know, of course, you know, it's hard because you want to get the top names, but and they got to make their progress. But this was, I don't think we, I don't think he took any steps backwards in his progress. He just got super insulin sensitive again and now we're ready to push and, you know, I think we're going to get him in the two 90s, two 95 somewhere in that range. So nice. Jesus, damn. Well, yeah. What was he at competing last year? Like high to 40s. Okay, 247. I think it was, 246, 247. That'll be an huge, yes, posing. Yeah, we got him up to, uh, was it two 90, uh, for a couple days there. We started dropping him down. We got him down to 265 with kind of like a four or five week outlook. And it's funny because we both like looked at each other. You know, I think we were training on the day before his guest pose in and we're like, you know, that Legion pros only like eight weeks away. Yeah. Yeah, we were kind of like, I was like, now let's stick to the game plan. You know, both of us agreed. It was, it was probably the right move. Yeah. I like that. Those would be good shows too. I feel like Indie Pro, I just, I see him there. New York Pro. That'll be, that'll be a great place. Plus like the, those are shows that remind me of like guys just getting early. I don't know why. I mean, of course, New York Pro nasty freaks, right? But I get that vibe. So, Indie. Yeah, lighting's good. And the cool thing about New York is you're going to see some really good up and coming, you know, newbies, you know, you got Nate, you got Justin Shire, you know, the heavyweight class at Nationals. Got Carlos, who beat Nate in the super's at the Nationals last year. You've got, um, who am I forgetting? Oh, Stu, you're forgetting, uh, Stewart's, Zudonland, who always would be USA. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, and there's going to be other guys, too, that I, I probably forget in, but those are the guys that I know that are doing it. So it's going to be a very cool, um, you know, day view for some of those guys. I will be sweet. All right, listen, I've got, uh, got some pictures here from, uh, listener Billy Ryan. He's guy who's been listening to the shows for a long time. Made some great progress, too. In fact, I remember, I remember him not having this physique. Let me put it that way. And, uh, and like I said in the intro, too, he said, hey, because I, because I told him I was like, well, he was like, hey, you guys still doing physique. Kicks and I said, well, generally, it's through our, uh, through the people who, uh, support us through Patreon, I'll ask them. I said, but I'd be happy to manly on some of your picks. So, uh, he sent me his pictures over and after that. He was like, hey, man, I just signed up for Patreon, too. He was like, I want to be able to support. So, like I said, I appreciate that he doesn't have a lot of really traditional shots here. I'm going to warn you guys. I'm going to start out with this one because it is a strong shot. This is a picture. If I were Billy, I would put this up as my avatar picture, which, now that I look, I think he did, is a matter of fact. You got a physique. I remember him. Yeah. I see him on the, on the forums and stuff on the, on the, on the think big page. I dropped this in right here. He looks good. He looks freaking hard here, too. Yeah, he's got a good physique. Uh, good quad sweep. Yep. Um, yeah, you don't, the only thing I can knock on him, obviously it's an offseason shot is really just keep control of the, uh, waistline. Hmm. I think everything you can do with that is just going to enhance this shot even more. Obviously he's probably pretty good in the offseason despite being pretty lean. But, um, it's a good bodybuilder. Yeah. Let me ask you guys a question. If you notice the same thing I did, the, what's the first thing you notice when you say this is a, where do you go for first ban? I went straight to the other side. I think they're too thick. And from thick, I mean, obviously it's lean. Let me ask you this is this a, you said this is offseason, but I mean, it's he leaning down or is he just naturally lean. He looks very lean to me for offseason. That's pretty. No, he, he definitely does. I just don't know if he's fighting to staling or if he's just naturally lean. I just wouldn't want to go back to the go ahead. Well, I was going to say, because I looked at his page one time because he comments a lot. And I, and I watched, I look back pretty deep to look at his progression. And I feel like he's figured out a way. Yeah, he's offseason. Okay. Offseason figured out a way to maintain this level of this solid level of conditioning. Yeah. As he keeps pushing up. So I think that's really good control of his bodybuilding acumen here and knowing what he's doing. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And that's where I'm going to skip the last time we slide. That's where I'm going. Like, you got. Yeah, because it's not a leanness issue. It just, I would have to. I'm just asking because I don't know if he is maybe hammering the shit out of, you know, because your abs, if you, if you pound them intensely like you would, chest or legs, the bitches will grow and they will get thick. And the fact that I noticed that first, just me, that's why I asked you guys. It, it may be a, it may detract a little bit for my cousin. He is. He's in great, I mean, I'm looking for a weakness as quads. Like, the great shoulders chest, I can't tell you, is there another shot either from the back or even something that would show his back from the front, front double bicep, front bass spread. Yeah, I've got a bunch more here. Right. Let's see. So he doesn't have a contrimine. I was going to say maybe to see if a background in strong man or something like that, because he has like those kind of abs that strong man power lifterers that diet down and up happen. All right. He sent me this one. Man, he grows in fucking solid. Yeah, yeah, man. I'm going to go to this one next. We do have a back shot that I have to edit so that we don't get kicked off of YouTube, because he's not wearing trunks in it. But we'll go to this one next. I would like to have seen a front, like, here's, I'm going to tell guys this too. Anybody who wants to do a physique critique for the future, let's see your standard shots, like a straight on front relaxed, rear relaxed, front double and rear double. I mean, those are going to also be the shots that expose you the most. And that's what we're looking for here, that way you don't get me kind of like funky twists that make your waist like smaller, whatever. Not saying that we're getting that here so much. I mean, his physique looks pretty awesome, but I would like to see that for the future. Yeah, the straight on front rear double, those are the shots that are going to win a bodybuilding show. I mean, as a judge, it wouldn't you agree. Like you know, within two weeks when the guys come out, she's a front and I can't say up on that. Yeah. Like so that gives you guys a really good idea of where you're at with your progress. If you do a front double rear double, throw a side chest and maybe one of your special shots that you think you look good. And I think that's the way to do it honestly. This is more of an observation than any type of critique. But do you see the buried domain, high lateral, vassus, lateral, they're just high in general. So yes, I would wonder. I'm thinking out loud. I'm like, ah, he might be thinking, hmm, how can I drop these down? You're not. You're really not going to. I mean, you can fill them out more, make them bigger. But it looks like a genetically high lateral, so I'm on the quad. No. I wonder if there's a little bit of stuff in there, too. I'm not the chief in a negative way. I'm just saying that the fact that they're so developed that way and where they're they're high attached, I feel like there might be a little something in there. And I'm not saying it doesn't look good because I would say this is probably the limit to how much stuff you should put in there if you are putting stuff in there before it starts to look the other way. But yeah, now you're right about the buried domain comment. All right. Let me see what else we got here. Off-seasoned. That off-seasoned condition knows. That's pretty fucking good. If I could have all my clients in that type of off-seasoned condition, especially if those macros. Shit. We said no SEO ever used. Okay. I stand corrected. There we go. But what about I wonder if just to play that conversation out, what about shots there, even high volume of oil, something like that, just to ask. Yeah, I don't even think I don't think Andrew was really saying SEO. I think you were just talking in general about just regular. I was talking SEO. I was talking SEO. Oh, my bad. I thought you meant just to be. I was saying probably SEO, but maybe just a high volume of also, you know, PEDs. But yeah, but he says no SEO reuse. So, well, that's a genetic body part then. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's really good. Nothing straight from the back though. I'm working on it. I've got one. I've got one. I'm just getting there, skip it at the end. I agree about the midsection though. That's what I was thinking on. I'll show you guys a thing that I think I mentioned in before Matt Chrisman of Next level we're nothing. He's based out of Tampa. Yes. He's the model. Also mechanic. Yep. He's a session on me two or three weeks ago, but anyway, he showed me this really good technique that's kind of an alternative to doing vacuums. So I've been alternating every other day and I'll show you guys really. Yeah, I had him do a whole write up for the Mountain Dog website and maybe after it runs its course on there because it is a pay site. I will. Yeah. I'll see if he wouldn't mind me sharing it here as well. But it's cool. I feel it like crazy. I'll put it down. Yeah. He's a good guy. Listener of the show. He helped. He's helped. He's worked on Andrea. So he's helped her a lot since they moved down to Tampa. So here's another I like this this just set more of a side relaxed shot here. I almost feel like his abs is midsection torso looks smaller here than it did in that previous shot. I wonder if he could get this appearance in that that side tricep shot he had. I can't take any consideration. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But with those macros too, you have to wonder too. I mean maybe he's just a little bit descended. Two in the, you know, you know, maybe a little bit more noticeable because I mean with 700 grams of cards of he's eating well to the plane. That's a lot of volume. That's a lot of volume. Me, I get it in French toast and it's nowhere in the years. You know, same by. Alright. He says he was on a gram of tests and a hundred migs of trend. No way. I'm going to edit this one here. So you can. Yeah. We don't get that the hamstrings. I will tell you guys though hamstrings even in the off season are you can see lines on the inner portion of the hamstrings. Adductors look thick from behind. No question as legs are freaking nasty in this pose. Yeah. No. He's darned her bodybuilder. What's his contest history? If, if Bill, if you don't mind that and like in the comments here. Well, let's, let's give him something though guys. If he had to fix something, you know, where if there's somebody who's going to be like a real genetic freak on stage, which comes to every show, where is that freak going to beat him? Without a rear double, it's hard to say, but I think probably from the back. Okay. That's what I was going to say to. I was going to go more even with upper back. I don't think it's lat development looks too. Yeah. Yeah. Upper back, you know, mid back, round boy middle trap all around the shoulder blades, rear delts. If I had to pick, if I had to just be like, he's got to improve on something that's where I would I think that's where I would go from the side. See, that's tough because it's rear delts looks something like that's like shit man. You know, that's a tough one. What it was, calves look like. Let's go all the way down to his, you know. Yeah. And to enter to be Alice and we'll see if we. Yeah. He looks out of here. Yeah. He does. Yeah. So what then more? Just more. Yeah. I think we were hitting the nail in the head skip with the upper back still. It's good. But I think if he wants to, because it didn't have the same kind of 3D look that he physique did from the front with terms of the range. That's a jump out of you. So I do think that and that's what he should be focused on. So if he could build that 3D muscles popping out of Chicano look from the back, he's going to be a very completely bodybuilder. Okay. That's a muscle group or that area of the body. It can't get too big. I think he's saying his calves are so tall. I thought my hips too big. Oh, well, then there you go. It's calves, bro. Without the calves. Here's the reality of it. I always laugh when people tell me like, good calves. What did you do? I'm like, I started training them in the late 80s when they mattered. And then I finally got good calves. In the mid to late 90s. It's not a matter. It's been 10 years building those bitches. So now I just hit them few sets here and there and that's about it. But they don't matter in competition like they used to. They cannot look right. You can look like your aesthetics are a little bit off. But I'm telling you, I've not seen you guys crack me if you have. I haven't seen anybody that has been marked down for having shittic and I've seen plenty of people with shitty calves when national level shows in turn. And I'm like, sure, shit. Because Tony Pearson back in the day, yeah, it was pretty damn good to see. But he won't go nowhere with them fucking calves. And I only use that as an example because it's the first thing off the top of my head. Because I, you know, I go back to when I had to ride a dinosaur to the fucking gym. It's been a while. So our nickvacola who had asked what his weight was. Billy says that he's 236. I wonder how tall he is. He said he hasn't competed in 11 years. And when he did, he was nanny back then. So are you one of those guys to think you don't look good, Billy? Is that why you haven't competed? Yeah, I wonder. We actually were having this conversation before we started recording. But yeah, about how like half the population of body builders think they look better than they do. And then the other half think they look way worse than they do. And it's a very small subset of people that actually have a really good view. But I would absolutely get on stage. You'd be a good heavyweight dude. Yeah, okay, five ten. And it's funny because he's five ten. I would not have thought that he was at tall, but he's so lean. And his shape is so good. You know, that's a, here's a nice little segue to this too. Cause this is important. Sometimes, I don't know if you guys remember the guy. I don't know what I'd say his name was like, apricotator something because a middleweight. And he was relatively tall. It's about 15 years ago. But what looked really pretty, really good shape had great skin, good color, good skin tone. But he was just too fucking tall to be in the middleweight. And he did very, very well at the national level. So my point is this, it's not always about the scale. A lot of times you can be lighter, but you can look pretty as fuck. And you're going to beat those sticker do's who don't look that good. Yeah. I wish I could remember that guy's name, apple gator. That was me. That was me. Shit. That's, that's, that's the good example. You said that too. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I, like, I remember going back, you know, 2017, 2018. I was maybe 238 to 242 somewhere in that range. And I was going against other supers that were, you know, 55 to 59 somewhere like that. So I was given up a good 10, 12 pounds. And honestly, when you're lean, when you're peeled, you don't look smaller than the other guys that outweigh you. Yeah. If they, if they're bringing a three week outlook and you're bringing a date, a game day look, like you, you're not giving up anything in size. I agree. I don't agree. Hey, we got a nice comment from Dan. I wanted to put it up here. He says it's, it's, I think he means ninety night time here in crossland land. But Scott, you're a legend to appreciate the content that you make, brother. I wanted to say thank you first of all, actually, to everybody who has had all sorts of positive feedback on all the shows. It's cool to have such a supportive group of people on YouTube because that's really rare to have a supportive group of people on YouTube. You guys are freaking awesome. And also all your comments, lakes, all that stuff. It helps to boost our programming up. Oh, I should also throw out two. If you're new here, this is what we do. We do bodybuilding content. We'd love to have you guys along for all of our shows. We have several shows each week. You could like all that stuff helps and in subscribe. It's bell. All that. Quick question for Andrew. Yeah. Andrew, do you think that if that comment said Andrew, I think you're a legend, would he have read it? No, I would actually delete it. I was actually going to make the same comment. I thought I was going to make it. I was going to make it. I thought it deleted. I thought it deleted. I thought it deleted. I thought it deleted it completely. I thought that guy. Just ran right by it. Hey guys, I'm going to take a brief pause to shut out our advertisers. I'm going to try to make this quick, but keep in mind they're responsible for helping us to put these shows out. If you guys want to support our programming, of course you can do so through Patreon and thank you to everybody who supports the show through Patreon. I will have links to that below as well as to all of our advertisers. If you shop with our advertisers, you'll get great products, products that I stand behind. And you'll also be supporting our programming. First of all, check out truenutrition.com. If you're in the US, I use their hydrolyzed beef college in every day. And I use their Citroly Mallet, Beta, Alinean, and EAA on days that I train. They have high quality protein powders and tons of flavors. Hit me up if you have any questions. Use our code think over there. You'll get some additional savings plus your support our programming. And you'll get some high quality third party tested supplements. If you're in Canada, check out supplementsource.ca. They have blog deals on top name brands supplements. They constantly have different things happening. So be sure to go to their site and check them out. I recently saw a car balloon for like 30 bucks off. And he really can't beat those prices. Bust they have free shipping over 99 dollars. If you're in the UK, then you probably already know about strong sports. They're one of the leader in health supplements in the United Kingdom. Strong sports nutrition has standalone supplements like NAC and Tudka. And they have finished blends like support max. A high quality, well priced, on-cycle support stat. I've least blow to everything. Thanks for watching. Thanks for your support. So, Andrew, you had to head, you had made a post a while back, which was a phenomenal post. And you talked about how to take good progress pictures. And I could tell you, you know, all three of us are coaches. I mean, you have to figure if this is what you do for living. Then you're seeing a lot of people's physics. And especially first-time people. Or even I'll tell you people that are experienced, but they get out of their comfort zone. They do great progress pictures at home. And then they get to the hotel before the show. And all the shit goes sideways. Let's take a minute. We don't have to make this long. But let's talk about how to make good progress pictures. What were some of the tips that you had suggested in your post? Well, I actually sent you the post if you want to put it up there. I mean, I mean, you kind of know the answer to that. But no, I mean, it comes from a place of, we all get, we need to analyze information, right? And we properly be able to analyze that information. We need to see accurately what you look like. And you know, you're going to get pictures with people. You know, my rules, I've always been no mere selfies, no selfie shots, using one phone and one hand and trying to hit a side-by-step or something. Like, send me pictures the same way you're going to be judged on stage. Because that's going to be the most effective way for me to evaluate you and where we are with conditioning. But, you know, so yeah, first thing, no selfies. Secondly, set yourself up facing a direct sunlight, whether it's natural sunlight. And this is something funny because sometimes people don't even realize like the sun's behind you and you're still setting the camera up facing you facing the sun. You know what I mean? Like, you got to know where the sun rises and when it sets. So you got to know where the sun is, set your camera up that way. Or if you have a lighting source, set your lighting source up eight feet ahead of you. Okay? Whether it's a ring light, whether it's, you know, some other lighting source. It really doesn't matter as long as we're seeing your body. Turn the lights off behind you. That's another big thing. Okay? Because a lot of times the light behind you will block out what we're seeing in front and we won't get to see the definition, we won't get to see the lines, the separation, all that kind of stuff. Set the camera up at waste level. A lot of people don't do this thing where they set the camera on the floor. And they don't go down to like, like, they're a giant or something like that. Like, guys, like, there's no way we can accurately, you know, get an idea of your proportions or anything like that. Right? What else? You know, I started this thing probably almost 10 years ago, where I just put the remote right in my mouth, because when you're trying to like, fidget with the remote with your hand, it's going to change your shots a little bit. And when you're really trying to work on good posing as you should be, you know, because you want, you want to practice what you're going to do on game day. So I just put the thing right in my mouth, so I just clicked down. I had so many people over the years, be like, why do you wear a mouth guard when you're doing your phone? You know, I didn't get it at first either. Like it took me a few shots of seeing your pictures or to recognize that. I see, and I don't know whether you've influenced others, but I have clients that do that now too. Yeah. I've seen you do that. Honestly, I think I was the first person I ever saw, I'll do it back in 2014, I believe it was. Even meadows was like, what's that in your mouth? Like, you know, you have a different or something like that. But no, I do think it just helps you, especially with the rear shots, because, you know, when you're doing your rear, you know, and you got one hand that's trying to click that right arm, if you're clicking, it's going to come forward. It's not going to be, yeah, it's going to create discrepancy from right to left. And when you're doing your side chest, it's almost impossible to do it properly. So I just think, you know, take that out or do this, set the thing up on video and then take screenshots afterwards. Also look like this, look like this guy in your progress pictures. You'll be doing really good if you look like this guy right here. That's a fucking hell of a shot. We got it. We got it all. We got all the more reference to that. Even mine, I would never have done this post if I was like, yeah. Yeah. It was just like, yeah. So right, none of this great information would be out there. Fuck, sorry. Yeah. That's good. Let me ask one question here, Andrew, and this is not to say, because everything you said, everything you posted, I think is great. But why couldn't if the distance is correct, the camera is the correct distance away, because essentially you're trying to take the pictures from essentially the judges perspective or the judge distance, right? Now, if they were closer to the feet, that is actually where the judges heads are. Now, again, I'm not trying to, but I just wonder if now if the distance isn't right in its close, then you do have that giant component where it looks like you know, they're looking down on it. But I wonder if, and I don't do this. But I wonder if the distance were correct that the camera was far enough in front of the competitor, but it was on the floor, if that wouldn't be a slightly more accurate. The camera, though, I don't let me speak from a photographers point of view, see that I was working in that industry for a long time. That wide angle lens is going to create distortion. If the closer you get out to the edge of that lens, the bigger and wider things are going to get stretched out. So it's, it's never going to look right, you know, if you get too close, if you get that distance and then you're in the middle of that frame, that will create the least amount of distortion. The closer you get the more distorted, it'll get. Okay, and I'm just letting hairs clearly, because it can't be that much, I would imagine it might not even be that much different, but I just pose that question because I was thinking of where the, the eyes are damn near at stage level or just above. No, no, that's a good point, but I think what I've done is I've created like a standard, like it's. Yeah, all right, if you're centered at a waist height every single time, we're getting a pretty good idea every time, whether you're in the hotel room, whether you're taking pictures at the gym, whether you're at your home. I just think it's a good standard because you see the full body head to toe, because another thing I find is when people cut off their head as weird as it is, it does change kind of how you see the physique. Because it is like an orienting structure for the size of the, you know, in comparison to the size of the rest of the body. So I tell people like, don't cut your head off, don't cut pictures off. If you don't want me to see your face, that's fine. Just put a little smiley thing, a mojie thing over it. Yeah. But, but, but, you know, cutting pictures off or the other thing that drives me nuts is when people take pictures from like the knees up. It's like, like we just said calves aren't judged anymore, but I want to see what the physique looks like. Like, all right, when you have someone come and pose for you in person, you have them set up seven eight feet away and you get a good look at them, right? You're usually sitting or you're standing and you're, I'm, I'm pretending like someone's right in front of me. Yes. You're sitting there, say, you know what I mean? I try to recreate that same experience for myself. And I'm really thankful. Like, you want to see, I mean, we're posing from the floor up, right? So what you're doing with your feet is going to be critical, at least for people that are getting on stage. It might not be as important for a somebody who's say like a non-competitor, you know, house mom trying to get into shape or whatever, but yeah, I think in general, you know what I will say too. I'm going to answer this is I'll say that for the classes in which you are asked to smile on stage. I think it's a good idea to practice smiling too, especially for people that are newer to the sport, because I've seen people who don't practice smiling and then they get up there and they don't look like they're smiling. And they get up there and they don't smile. And there's nothing that looks worse than a bikini, bikini competitor who just has this like, you know, the resting bitch face on stage. And they're like, just not plugged in at all. And sometimes it's in what I tell people is that what we practice is what we're going to do on stage. So when you do your progress, pictures do it the way you're going to do it on stage, including all the way down to those details, because those are the things like it's almost like martial arts. Where whatever you practice when you actually need to use it, you get in that street fighter whatever you're not thinking anymore. It's now just like a second nature, you just do what you've been trained to do. And if you're trained to just sit there and look like that, you're going to look like that, you know. I think the most important takeaway for people listening to this is that it's consistent. The lighting is the same, the distance is the same, the the you're taking the picture from the same spot, the same distance, the same height, things like that. If you change rooms or you do it out in the sun one day, oh, it was it was a cloudy, so I did it inside. That does make it difficult, but I will on the trainer to assess the condition, but I will tell you this, you do it long enough and I've told my clients this. I want everything to be consistent, I can see through shitty lighting. I've been doing this long enough and I've seen so many goddamn pictures that I can tell and I'm going to see your condition. And another point that I wanted to make was make no mistake, I don't mean that if you are taking your pictures from waste height. And then you get on stage, you're not going to be in shape and look great and be conditioned at waste, I then go, I was off. It was wrong, so I didn't want to apply that you know, it was so dramatically different, I was just thinking to myself what they am, the eyes are down there. But the point is that it's consistent. Yeah, your knees were fat. Use a funny one, here's a funny one because it might, my questionnaire or my, you know, my first instruction, you know, they got a first email from me with new clients. This is more for like the gentbot people, but it says, you know, pictures and clothing, this is more for the ladies that maybe don't want to put on the same type of posing suit that a bikini girl would. Yeah, but it's like, you know, front back pictures and a level clothing that you're comfortable with. Yeah. So most of us interpret that is like, okay, maybe like a woman doesn't feel ready to put on a complete sports bra or something like that because I don't really want to have ever feel uncomfortable, especially early on before they're really looking good, so maybe they're wearing, you know, what do you call like, like, Like short, like short. Yeah, and in more like a little bit of a covered up cool, okay. Well, one of my guys interpreted that as something he was comfortable in as in something that he looked good in. And then one of us going out outfits like so he was like, we're winning me for three weeks. I was working with that, like he's like dressed up in like cool little shorts and like a button up shirt. And he would send me other pictures too, like front back, you know, where's something that you feel comfortable in? Yeah, I get it. I can totally hear the Andrew's telling me to wear like my good shirt. I have that shirt and we're in our date days. Yeah, I'll wear that one for a progress. Before we start, I'm like, dude, I just realize how you were interpreting it. Maybe I need to change my language, but I don't need you to get dressed up for me. You're just the bottom shorts as good. Yeah. Yeah, that is, you know, you make a good point too with women. I think that there's, there's something I'm always trying to be really careful with because you also as a male don't want to come off as that guy who's like, hey, set me pictures in your underwear. You know, it's like, that's something that's like, you never, I don't know, I never want to come off as that. So I try to wear it in a very similar way where it's what you're comfortable in, you know? The problem is there's, there's a few coaches out there that have kind of, I don't know, I'm not going to say they put a stigma over all of us, but they've like, they've they've hurt the rep, they're repeating it. Absolutely. I don't know, sense. Absolutely. Yeah. The things that they've done like making, making female clients, post naked for them, or, you know, even worse in some cases, like getting up there and like grabbing that kind of thing when they're doing live check-ins. That's that's completely unacceptable in my opinion. Yeah. I mean, that like, I don't know about your relationships with your clients, but I wouldn't be in a position where that would, you know what I mean? No, that's not. You're you're you're you're setting something else up from the beginning if you're in a position where you're like grabbing your clients. So if that is happening to you guys, ladies, then find another coach. Call Andrew for me. Or skip. Looks like, you know, like, if you can't assess a female's condition in a sports bra and regular bottoms, like, I'm sorry, then either you're horrible coach, okay, or you're a perver. I will get a lot more hands on with my guys. I will get a lot more hands on with my guys in person. I'll be like, well, over here. Grab their ass. Yeah. Yeah. You know what I mean? Well, if I am, I like a joke. If I'm with a female in person, if I'm going to adjust reposing, like, I'm going to touch you right here and just move you. Yeah. Like, I'm just going to touch your back right here. I'm going to. Absolutely. But yeah, in the area that's considered even like gray area, I'm like, I'm going to just move you just right here. Yeah. Like a guy's lower back and be like, hey, let me see what this feels like because you're going to, you know what I mean? You can like, especially like when it's kind of like, because I remember my first coach used to do that and be like, come here. You're just like grab my ass cheek and like, feel, feel, feel that's still great. Gritty, you know, that's fat in there. We got to eat fish only for the next week. That's normal. That's exactly what we normally normally. Exactly. That's what I'm saying. All right. So listen, we, I think we covered this. Skip to you have any thoughts. You want to end. You've probably seen more progress pictures than Andrew and I have. Yeah, I don't think you really have anything to add though. I thought it was covered. All right. It would quite well. In that case, then let's, let's find some other stuff to talk about. Hold on one quick second. Yeah. You started. This isn't, this is even a joke. When you first started, did you do, like have clients send you pictures in the mail or, where they up on the e, because you know back then, I don't early on. I understand the phones. Well, I remember because he's Chris, as you know, talk about, you know, like how Jay or whoever would send, they pull aeroids, put him in the mail, express them. And it might be like four days before he saw what the guy looked like on Monday and then give him his instructions for the rest of the week. Did you run into any of that early on or was it pretty easy? No. Now only, I'll say this and it should clear it up. Chris Asito is older than I am. He was, he was of course married to Laura Kraval who was right. You what, top two or top three of the Olympia for the last handful of years. I think of the 80s. Maybe 90 as well. I can't remember what I, for breakfast, so it's hard to remember back in the 80s. But he has been around for a long time. When I started it was about, like, as I started online, in 2001. And so at that time, you were still able to, you could take pictures on, you know, they had the, just the regular cameras with the, with the scandiss, and then he had to put the scandiss into your computer and then you would email the pictures. There wasn't the, we didn't have the opportunity at that time to post on a forum, but I didn't start my forum for my clients until 2004 when I started intense muscle. Actually, I was doing client work on another website that I will not mention because I don't want to give him any credit. That one didn't go very well. I actually locked the admin out when I left and he was pretty pissed about that. He had gone to jail. He was in jail because he was selling. He was one of those guys who owned a board that would sell ancillaries and, you know, your anti-assurgence and all that sort of shit. And he would, he would profit for like two or three months and then he would rip everybody off and then he would disappear. That company would disappear, but he would bring another company out. And he just had this, this endless line of people who didn't know that he was such a scammer. So he went to jail for it and he wanted me to cover for him like you fucking nuts. Are you kidding me? So I didn't know that's when we decided to start intense muscle and I got a bunch of people wrote what we started intense muscle like two days. But I locked his ass on there. So I was doing it. Prep work there. Iron Mag labs. You know what there's been so many that I honestly, I can't remember. There's just been so many scammer. It was just such a thing to do. If you had a price 70% of people who had boys were ripping people off. That's too bad. It was just terrible. Now with social media, I think it helps because we have so many options to figure out who people are. Yeah. It was great. The only person that could find out who someone was back then seriously was Dante. That mother fucker. If you ever, if anything ever happens to you, you don't want anybody to find out. Dante will find out what it was. Where you were, who you did it to? You know, and he'll know before anybody else. You might know before your local law enforcement. That guy is insanely resourceful. It's crazy. But Mike Davies, he used to do pictures in the mail. Like in the mail mail. I had asked him about that too. Yeah. Him and who was there was a guy. And I think it was an Asian guy on the west coast that was working with a lot of women. Oh, Kimodo. Yeah, it was him and Kimodo had like the two big teams back then for all the women in the sport. And he said that they used to both of them. That's what they would do was pictures in the mail. Some of these women lived like out of state. And they like write a letter about their progress. You know? And but you know what, too, though. He told me that some of their, and he's still to this day. His coaching process is different. Like he'll have you check in or he'll have you work with him. He'll give you a diet and it'll be like, okay, you're all set until you feel like you need to change the diet. Then come back to me. And there's a charge each time that you update the diet. Then, but you might not need to update the diet for six weeks. Something like that. So it was a whole different process than the way we do it. Because it's like, I do think that technology has changed things because we can literally like, Hey, send me pictures at six when you wake up and then eat this and then send me pictures at seven. You know what I mean? So anyway. Absolutely. See what we got here. Um, okay. I'm going to dive straight into our listener questions from YouTube. Um, alright. Okay. Yeah. What about this one from DeHarris and he says, Love these guys. Thanks. A lot of comments in there. I don't know if I read that right. Question for the next episode. Skip. I've heard you mention a peaking strategy called fill in spill. And I believe John Meadows was also a proponent of it at times. Could you please discuss what fill in spill actually is. Thanks so much, guys. Yeah. It's, um, it's essentially you just load really hard. I mean, I'm giving you the very, like the cliff notes version. You load very hard early in the week. Might be Monday to Z1Z to Z1Z. There's a, whatever depends on how quickly you can move water and dry out. But you fill with bunch of carbs and bunch of calories to the point where you spill and you're holding water, um, sometimes quite a bit. And then you basically just clean up the spill, uh, depending again on how, you know, how long it takes you to, to move that water to get dry again. So that's kind of it in a nutshell. I do know that, um, John, I know he had, I think I've heard him use the turn. Phil and spill and Andrew can correct me if I'm wrong because he knows John and has worked with John, um, you know, directly for so long. But I am pretty sure that he got that turn from me only because I covered that in, on the longevity DVD in like 2009 or 2010. But sometimes, I mean, it would be kind of odd that we both had the same turn. But there are sometimes things that come up with, you know, and I hate to say this. But the guys who think outside of the box and do this sort of shit that isn't normal and isn't your everyday run of the mill type of approach to things can sometimes come up with the same ideas. But did he, do you know if he, if he used that turn, if prior to that? He used that was, yeah, well, he used that turn only in a way of something saying, like, oh, don't ever do that. That skip guy has no idea what he's doing. Exactly. Do you want to do it? No, I don't, I mean, you, you guys know, like, you know, everything you do with every client is going to be fairly individual. You know, you have a game plan that you want to use, but I don't think he ever went into, like, I mean, I can't speak for all of his client, all the clients he worked with. But I do, as, as working on his website, he would always send me a lot of the stuff to do write-ups on people for their, we call it an in the trenches section where we cover people's perhaps, especially that final week. And then as we got, you know, closer and older in our relationship together, he would send me pictures and what he was doing people to say, hey, like, what do you think are we on the right track here? So, which I actually really liked, you know, he asked for my opinion, but some really high level people. But I don't think he really ever used a film spill so much. Unless a client probably said, hey, I've done this before, maybe I've worked with skip before or another coach that, you know, stole his methods or whatever. I don't think that was really what he did primarily. Yeah, I don't think it was his primary, but I just figured it was one of the methods that he had used, because I don't need to hurt it referenced, I think, two or three times over the years. But that's basically in a nutshell, it's you fill you water, you, you fill to the point where you're holding a bunch of water, and then you clean it up, you get on stage, looking, hopefully, if I can insane. Do you do that? Yeah. Skip. What's that? Is that something you do regularly now or? No, it's not, I mean, I still use it. But you know what, it wasn't something though that was, it wasn't my primary method of loading it. I think it was when I did the longevity DVD. Okay. Like I had done that for a couple years. But it was probably more me than it was a ton of my clients. Again, you know, as Andrew said, it's a very individualized, you know, a coach in a sense that, okay, yeah, a lot of my clients skip load, but not all of them. And some of them skip load insanely for a day and a half. While others, you know, they can get two meals and, you know, if I push to three, then they may not baseline and continue to get leaner. So sometimes the methods can be used frequently, but it's, but it's an individualized approach to everything. So the fill and spill, now it wasn't a, like it, that it was used the vast majority of the time, but at that time, I was using it. I want to say it was 2000, maybe 789, because I think I did that in 10, maybe 10, God, it's just, it's been so, so long since I talked about it on a DVD, like DVD came out a long time ago. Well, because I'm curious, so can you give us like an example of like one day to use day Wednesday or so, it looks like, or maybe actually, like once you've determined that they're full enough, and you're eyes, you want them to be a little spilled over, right? Like at a certain point. Okay. Yeah. So then I guess a lot of it accurately judged, well, how do you accurately judge the time it's going to take to get the water off? Was this from a prior experiment, like the week before or two weeks before? Well, usually, with, well, yeah, well, you experience with that client, because a lot of times the loading for the fill would be skip loading. Well, they had skip loaded, like who knows? I mean, 15, 16 weeks depending on, I mean, sometimes people get loaded the entire 20 weeks, it just depends. So you build up those patterns, and that's why, you know, we have talked about patterns before on the podcast, about how important they are, because once you get to that point and you've done it so many times and you're watching, especially the last five to six weeks when you're so much leaner and you can see more clearly how full, so there's like a balance of that fullness to dryness that everybody has. Yeah, you could might be a little drier, but you might go flat or considerably flat too. So there's that balance that every person has. And as goes last, you know, five, six, eight loads prior to the show. We evaluate those. That gives us a pretty good idea of how long it takes for them to move that water. So would you like, let's say, let's say you did a one or two days skip load depending on the client. Like, let's say you're, you know, starting six weeks out five weeks out, whatever it is, would you then ask for pictures like the, you know, the day after this skip load two days after this skip load three days after this skip load and then evaluate which day did they look their abstract and that balance. Okay, so actually, I still use it. I guess I never called it that, but I do the same idea with with a cart when I'm carmed cycling people like, yeah, let's say I have someone doing like two 700 grand days in a row and then I want to see them on that second high day to see okay now you're obviously really full. Yeah, now I want to see the day after I want to see two days after what day gives us that best look if if I'm using some kind of so okay, so it's just kind of. You are, but I think the main right, but the main difference, I think is I will load them to the point where I don't want to say there'll be waterlog, but I mean they are clearly overloaded. And by that time, the metabolism is just on fire anyway that it's just ripping through food, so a lot of times even if they may. Well, they're certainly not going to gain any body fat because I'm not going to load like as an example, they've been loading for like, you know, four meals a day, I'm not going to have a son load them for a day and a half. I mean, it's uncommon for for any of my clients, it's very uncommon for them to load over a day. And they're kind of the 5% you know, people those are the metabolism that are just out of control at that time, so you know, it may be maybe three meals, it may be five meals, it might be full day with one before they go to bed the night before it's just based on all those loads up to that point. Okay, here's one more question. What's the most you were you seen you've seen a client gain using a skip load in a day in terms of body weight. I have I've said here I'll put some context to it. I have seen clients at very few of them, but I have seen clients gain 15 to 18 pounds and then move that water and be in dry a shit in three days. It's in some point where I'm bringing Kenna. I'm only as I used your methods 10 years ago or whatever was I was doing the intense skip loads and I you know every week as I I was like a six day low and then one major load. But the load started at maybe four hours and then increased over time to eight hours and then I got to a point where I needed to load literally from like five in the morning until 11 at night. And I gained I went from 222 to 243 for one of those and. Oh, that's it. But I didn't reach the point where I look spilled though like I actually look like really good and but the next day. Well, one more point and then I don't want to take up too much time on this because we have our guests down, but I just loaded this last weekend because I was so. I'm just like I'm so depleted. I lost six pounds in a week nothing had changed. I loaded for a day and a half seven meals and when I say loaded. I mean to the point of being miserable. I gained three pounds and looked retarded the next that Monday and was dry a shit without the extension from my stomach. I could have got on stage and I would have been happy with you know that type of condition. So yeah, I want to say again on stage because I don't want to give anything away, but the point is as I was very I was very very tight. I think I just slipped up. But anyway, let's move on to the go. All right, we appreciate you hanging back. I can while we were what we're finishing that last question of ladies and gentlemen. I want to introduce to you Ken Kenak and Dr. Ken Kenak and thank you for joining us for a minute. We appreciate it. Absolutely. Well, we kind of do we kind of do it's just that when people get on the podcast and are more intelligent than we are. It makes me very very uncomfortable. It's going to a strawberry area. So you know, we've had you on the programming before, but the thing we wanted to have you on like I said real quick tonight was to talk a little bit about Swiss. This is an event that you have coming up. What is it exactly? So I've been doing a large symposium since 1999. What I found was that there was a disconnect between the health professionals and also the fitness professionals and strength and condition coaches bodybuilding piloting. I compete in powerlifting. I have competed in bodybuilding left that and then went into powerlifting and I competed a month ago. So I've been competing in powerlifting for over 40 years. So what I found is is over the years I sustained injuries and that inspired me to go to the care practice college because that was one of the few things that did work for me. But I also found the limitations of just street care practice. So I started going to different seminars learning how to apply different aspects of the different types of treatment that are out there. Whether it be acupuncture, whether it be soft tissue work, active release, rehabilitative aspects, laser regenerative medicine, PRP stem cells. And so I wanted to educate other people about that because most people don't understand a weight training injury and also how do you recover from that. And in my own competitive career and also I treat so many professional bodybuilders, powerliftingers, recreational athletes that have my practices people that weight training. They seek me out because number one, I'm not going to tell them don't lift weights. It's great, you know, my idea is that my idea is that let's fix it, you know, so so that's always been my real passion. And so what I did is I started putting together all the top health professionals and fitness professionals in the world together to get them to understand each other's world. So what was happening is doctors were giving really bad advice like squats are bad for the knees and then you know you had the fitness professionals, you know strength coaches bodybuilders saying, oh do these three magic exercises and your shoulder pain will go away, which you know we know it doesn't, but every single Instagram post now talks about that and oh by the way by my course. So when you get the best in the world all working together, other things happen and and and transpire through that. So I've been doing it since 1999. The latest one is going to be in Columbus, Ohio and it's going to be on October 28, 29. I'm doing it. This is the first time I'm doing it in the United States. I'm up in Toronto, Canada, just outside of Toronto and the thing is that Ontario has been really locked down the gyms here in Ontario. We're locked down for 339 days in Ohio. So and plus also I had so many of the presenters coming from Columbus, you know, Dr. Eric Serano, you know the late John Meadows Matt Wanyng, jail holds with Dr. Jeremy German, you know just to you know mention a few. And so I thought you know what I'm going to hold it in the United States and I'm co-hosting this Dave Kate from the lead FTS because he has you know a certain skill set, especially in the powerlifting world and also strengthening and also he's one of the top educators. And we've worked together for 20 years. He's one of the few people that are really, really trust, you know to do something like this with. So we've been pushing it hard and there's about 65 days left for registration, but we have five streams going at the same time. So we have a training stream, we have a nutrition stream, we have a rehab stream, we have a treatment stream and another stream that will be split in half. One day we're going to have business and in the second day on the Saturday it will be called just one thing and it'll be more of a TED Talk style 15 20 minutes like you know we're going to cut the fluff. No theory, here's one thing that I want you to walk out of here with. I can digest. I fight. That's for me and you skin. Yes, that's for us. You know what I find that the most powerful primarily because if you give you know anyone you know 60 minutes to talk. They will talk and talk and talk and it's like, wow that was really good. What can I use in money morning? I have no idea. So what have asked all the presenters is that to make this more experiential as opposed to educational. What I've noticed a trend is that over the past couple years due to COVID especially, you know, here in Canada is that everyone has gotten used to just getting all their information from YouTube from Instagram from TikTok. And they've lost the power of interacting and to be able to make connections with other people. You know, I've always stood by that the symposium happens in the hallway. The presentation happens in the ballroom, but the true symposium happens in the hallway. The reason being it's a two-way conversation. So you get the ability to talk to these top power lifters, body builders, nutritionists, your questions. And then you can go back and forth and then what happens is even cooler is that you get three or four of the top presenters talking creating new ideas and you as an attendee can just walk up and listen to them. And if you're smart, you'll just listen. You won't, you know, get your attention. Because what happens through those conversations is that, and I saw this with Dr. Michael Militick and Victoria Felcar. Yeah. That they would talk and Michael's brain with hormones and Victoria's brain with women's hormones. And so all of a sudden they're talking. It's like, wow, this is really, really interesting. Or if you have a, you know, Dr. Seranal talking to Dave Tape and then Dr. Stu McGill walks up, you know, and then you have Casmire walks in and they're all chatting about, you know, a certain aspect of the squat and you're like, holy shit. Where do you ever get that? That's not an any YouTube or Instagram post. So that's the interactions that I'm really, really trying to do. And I'm asking all the presenters, it has to be experiential either demonstration, either, you know, some kind of information that the person can use on Monday morning because there's nothing more frustrating than going to a conference. And it sounds good, but what are you going to do with it? So I've asked all the presenters, it has to be practical, something that they can utilize. So that's it in a nutshell. And we have just, we'll have probably over 50 presenters. Yeah. Did you want me to let you know who's coming? Yeah. Well, maybe not all 50. Well, we, we, we, that might take a while, but I would love to get some highlights of that. And I also wanted to mention to, you know, I wanted to bring Ken on guys because, you know, our audience is an audience that really is hungry to learn. And I know the stuff you've done has been so cool. I'm excited to go out and check this out myself. So I'll be there. Skip is going to which skip gets already, yeah, skip book this ticket and stuff is fine now from Florida. Awesome. And thank you. I'm really excited to be there. And I wanted to encourage any of our listeners to that if you wanted to do something a little bit different, if you wanted to get some education and look at things from maybe a slightly different perspective than what we're all used to. I think that this could be a really good place for that. So I'll turn that back over to you, though, Ken. Yeah, I think the biggest thing is that we, we really talk about things on all different levels like in 2016. We were basically the first conference to talk about Annabelle steroids. So I created a steroid panel and we had, you know, doctors therapist, biochemist, you know, everyone. John Meadows was there. I've tried to find a top flight athlete. So I got Ben Johnson, you know, who's going to the top runners in the world. And in half hour before the conference, because we had about 10 people on the panel. I go out into the hallway and Bill of Cas Myers talking to Dorian Yates, which is in itself is pretty pretty wild in the lobby. I walk up and I walk up in Cas goes Dorian's pissed off at you. And I'm going, oh great. Now what? Because usually when you put on a symposium every hour, there's some kind of thing going on. And yeah, some kind of drama. And the Cas is going, is upset. You didn't ask him to go on a steroid panel. And I went really? So I said, Dorian, you want to go on and he said, yeah, I have some stuff to say. I said perfect. And then I turned to Cas and I said, do you want to go on? And he says, I don't know what I would have to say. And I said, you know what? You could just sit there. Now I know Cas, he's not just going to sit there. So I had the fastest man in the world. I had the top body builder in the world and also the world's strongest man. Along with all these other doctors and therapists and biochemists and everything else. It was a fantastic conversation. Because we weren't promoting it. We weren't condoning it. But it's such a touchy subject, you know, especially back then. Now it's being opened up with the good work you guys are doing. And just talking about it. But the, you know, it's supposed to be 90 minutes. We went over three hours. You know, and actually that was the first time that Dorian actually on film ever admitted taking steroids. He'd done it in print. But he never did it in film. And that was the first time that Casmire said, yeah, you know what? I took drugs. And that's how, you know, fine, you know, things really were back then. So in 2018, we did it again. And we're going to be doing it again in 2022. So we're going to have different types of panels. But we're going to have Bill Casmire working with Ed Cohen. We're going to be able to go up on stage. And they will coach you through the three powerless. We did that in 2018. And it was such a huge success. I just talked to Dr. Michael Militech last night. And he's going to do a fantastic presentation on overtraining and burnout. All the different components as far as biochemical, mentally emotional, psychological. And how do you actually work with that? He's a brilliant guy. Oh, he's any so good. Yeah. You know, I know that him and Victoria doing great work together. They are now. Yeah. Yeah. And we're going to have Matt Wanying. We're going to have Christian Tipedo. Brian Man and Travis Matt talking about velocity based training. Just Brian, who's one of the top bench pressers in the world, Joe de Franco, Mike Isra tell. We're going to have a jujube move food coming out. Oh, cool. Yeah, Owen Lacy, rock doctor Robert Kowski, Dr. Jordan shallow doctor, Stephanie Cohen. She's going to come out and present. I'm Dani Thompson, Chris stuff and Mailing Dauvan. Dr. David Leef, Dr. Eric Suranoz. I mentioned before Justin Harris. Yeah, I've never, yeah, I've never mentioned that. Yeah, but apparently super brilliant. And he's willing to talk about stuff. And Dr. Jordan Moon is going to be there. And he's going to have a really unique presentation on body composition. So he's working with Dr. Serano and Alev. So they actually have a deck submission talking about body composition. And Dr. Jordan Moon's one of the world authorities on body composition. And so he's using three different systems to literally find out what your body composition is. And as you, it is Dexa along with BIA, which is biompins analysis and another one that I have never heard of before ISAK. Apparently some anthropometric measurements that they do. It is enormous in Europe. All the top strength coaches and athletes they all get it done. And we haven't even heard of it here. So he's going to be showing all those different components. And when you put all three together, you can get a really good diagnostic picture. It's almost like when you get an x-ray and ultrasound and an MRI, they're all imaging studies. But they all give you different pieces of information. That's why we do that in the clinical study. My own profession is carapractics. So you know, we would utilize those things based on what we need to see whether be muscle tissue. You don't do x-ray. You do an ultrasound. Well, this would be awesome. And I'm glad you could take a minute to come on and join us. Can if people are interested, do you have a place that they can go to sign up to buy tickets, things like that? Yes. So you can go to eliteFTSswis2020.com. And you'll probably have that in the show notes also. Yep. It definitely will be guys. So definitely go down there. Click on that. And also right now, we just raised the price. It was $3.99. We raised the price of $4.99. But for your listeners, if they use this code, ES 100. So eliteFTS Swiss 100. So ES 100. They'll get $100 off. Cool. So it'll be $3.99 for anyone that wants the register. But it's going to be in Columbus, Ohio, October 28, 29, which is a Friday Saturday. And the whole thing is that you need to connect with people. And I'm actually even going to set up a system where you're going to be able to connect with people in your own area. So in Toronto area, what we're going to have, what have the database of where everyone is from. So if someone is from say Detroit, you're in Detroit, correct Scott. Yep. Yeah. So all of a sudden, all the trainers, the doctors, therapists, nutritionists at three o'clock in front of the training room at flag flag one, meet for five minutes. I mean, I've been to a lot of socials and I've done socials that's Swiss before. And I meet people from New York. Well, that's nice, but it does nothing for me for work. You know, as far as for me, be able to refer or get a referral. So I actually changed the schedule last week because I think in the next six to 12 months, the economy is going to go a little bit sideways. So the multiple streams of income and multiple streams of referrals, you're going to have a real, real hard time. I'm starting to see that in the business world here already. So if you can meet people one on one and literally within minutes, you can find out number one who they are, where are they like I mean if they may be two streets over, but you've never met him before. And the biggest thing is that are they nice or are they kind of creepy? You know, so I've heard people to, to certain people and they say, you know, whatever never refer to that person and can't. And I go, why is this? Have you ever met them? No, you should go meet them. Okay. So that's the challenge that you always have is that how do you find good people to take care of you, to be able to refer and also importantly to also keep your own business going. Well, thanks for taking the time. Can we appreciate it? By the way, speaking of it, I'm not sure people. I never, I never introduced you to these guys who I am a terrible host apparently, but Ken, this is Andrew Barry, I have to be pro and this is Ken Hill. You can call him Ken. We all call him. We all call him. We all call him. We all call him. And I like your name. But I am a Ken. I am a Ken. We will all, we'll look forward to seeing you over there. And like I said, anybody who wants to take part. Let me know because I look forward to connecting with you guys too. It's got to be fun. And this is this is coming up. Yeah, that's pretty quick now in October. Yeah, it's about 65 days out. So we, you'd have time to register and with the, you know, decrease in price is more than affordable. And it's set to East and Mall, which is a fantastic place to go shopping. There's over 300 stores there. It's unbelievable. But I mean, the interactions and also the education, but also the experience is unparalleled because you actually get to truth from all these people. You know, what they say in stage is one thing. What they say in the hallway, completely different thing. Because I mean, they're not being videotaped. They're not being, you know, you can have an honest conversation. A lot of them do. And literally I've seen businesses being great. Well, the example is Dr. John Barardi, precision nutrition. He presented from in 2004. He met one of the guys there that he started precision nutrition with. And John just sold precision nutrition for a few years ago for nine figures. Wow. So nice. Yeah. So I think it's important to that everybody understands the listeners understand that the longer you wait and it gets closer to the symposium. It's going to get more expensive. I think it goes up a hundred dollars every a couple weeks. So you do. If you do want to go. It is a really good price. And to be honest with you, even the enterprise prior to going is still good, but it is it will go up. Two or three times I think before the symposium. So if you're right about going jumping now because you know, it's a great. Yeah. Yeah. At the door is six ninety nine. So with this price, it's three hundred dollars off. And it's an incredible price. And to meet you friends, meet old friends and just learn a ton. And just have fun. And the cool part is that as a trainer, you're going to see therapies that you have never seen before. Like with Dr. Jeremy German, we're actually going to get a patient. And he's going to do on stage live under diagnostic ultrasound, a PRP treatment. So we always hear about PRP and something's torn. You're going to actually see it done in real time right in front of you, which where would that ever happen? And then you're able to talk to them afterwards, which is pretty cool. What it's worth, I would have paid a thousand dollars to go. Just don't, don't, you know, hold me to that already paid for my. And thank you so much, can I really appreciate it. One more thing too. And there is an element of this that it is going to be in memory of John and my correct and memory of Louis. Well, what we've done is that I went to John Meadows, wife's place and with Dr. Xarono. And we did a podcast there and I asked permission with his wife, Mary, if I could do an omage tribute. And what that will be is that we're going to get all the different presenters that have worked with John in the past. And here's the one thing that I learned from John, you know, because John was always about education, talking about a coaching and everything else and everyone loved John and you present it for me for years, just an incredible human being, but we're going to be doing a tribute presentation for that. We tried setting something up for Louis and Louis wishes before he passed was you don't do that. So, you know, if you know, Louis, you know, where it's it's interesting that we're going to respect him by now because it's in. Columbus, there will be a lot of the west side people there and we'll we'll honor him in other ways other than being on stage. But for John, we're going to have a fantastic we'll have probably about 10 and 12 people up on stage. I think Victoria is going to be up on stage. She has to be on stage because I guess John was very influential in her career. She was just him to everyone. Including me, we wouldn't have it inadvertently met had it not been better John bringing her to the community she did and I want to mention to the Andrew was very close to John he had worked with John as a as a client of friend for for many years. So yeah, Mary actually mentioned to me the other day that you guys had stopped by and did because I talked to Mary a couple times a week you guys did the podcast and everything so she actually invited me to come out and stay with her for that one so. Fantastic. Yeah, it was it was a fun podcast but yeah we invited Mary and the boys to come out to the symposium it'll be a real touching and memorable time so it'll be again. I think the whole thing is that you know the past couple years have been really difficult for a lot of people and you just got it start you know living life you know you'll only live once. What the heck. Awesome. We appreciate you. Thank you gentlemen. Thank you appreciate it. Thank you. All right, that's good stuff. I'm looking forward to that too. I really am Andrew I assume with everything coming up man you're moving stuff that's probably not going to be in the cards for you. I have a short story yet. I'm going to make it the next two weeks in a session because we were closing coming up and then. Just figure out what projects we need to do and everything understood you know for the new place and the old place because we're doing a lot of renovations up here to get it ready for rentals. Nice. All right. Well hey, no pressure but if you can. Yeah, that would be cool man. That would be cool Mary Mary sent me an email the other day and was like asking if I'd come stay with her in the boys and everything so yeah. All right. Well, you know with this guys is a lot of you probably know we record two episodes. We have a bunch more content that we want to put out. But you know, we try to do that in two blocks and we've been going for a mile here. So let's wrap this thing up and then of course we'll have another segment out coming up real soon. We appreciate everybody who's watching. Of course if you guys are interested in coaching reach out to skip over at teamskip.com. You can reach out to Andrew. And your body buried that calm hit me up. McNally diets at gmail.com. I mentioned our sponsors earlier. I won't be labor all that you guys know who they are. And for another episode here of Blood Sweat and Gear with skip and Andrew. I'm Scott. We'll see you soon.