Would you rather have a ton of muscle or a full head of hair on my kids pretty obvious I made that choice? Let me see Yeah, I like that but ton of muscle Hey everybody welcome to it's just bodybuilding once again, of course my co-host dusty handsha the producer's got me nally I'm big round part low remember like share subscribe comment and Bring the bell absolutely and remember I am mutant calm I am mutant calm dusty 20 bigron 20 for 20% off Get your ISO surge get your all in and absolutely every single one of you should be on the gear so get on the gear There we go. Okay, and remember that you think big Patreon keep your producer home Thank you guys you know Scott doesn't you know get to buy all this fancy wires and microphone And all that stuff and it's got a download new stuff and keep his subscriptions up to date and you helped a lot out It helps it really does yeah I appreciate you guys I think I have a couple patreon questions today too So you guys comment I've got a thread over there. It's like a running thread anybody wants to comment on the show or for the shows You can comment over there you guys get priority Absolutely and you know we just want to also send a You know, I thank you up to everyone who comments and watches and shares and get your friends to watch it and you know It does all the algorithm stuff that we ask you to at the beginning of every episode and it just really helps move the show Where our numbers are growing subscribe is your growing views are coming up and we're just having a blast and we just want to thank each and everyone you guys for tuning in and Absolutely, you know, yeah, and also too Let's send a shout out Scott knows the details, but if you guys have seen all the great reels that were haven't made lately Those Instagram reels that were posting and we've got we've got somebody on that task for us Scott Alex has do not He Alex has killing it in fact. I'm gonna put I'll put his Instagram in the description If you guys want to give Alex a follow I'm sure he'd appreciate it because he's doing his own content too You know, and he's he's having a lot of fun with his own reels. He's got it like a really good tick-tock and stuff He told us we should get on tick-tock. He's probably right. I'm so old you know, I mean I haven't got I actually I did have tick-tock And then when I learned that the Chinese were spying on me with it I got rid of it so I don't have tick-tock right where I got to write down though it now I know I was so in my affirmation directly I climb with the communist party. I just saw them I was a star Reckles your western Yeah, all the time No, but you're actually a Hillary and I figure she'll take care of it from now Just yeah, I just tell Trudeau and he let's him know It is it is in his morning meeting where he takes orders. Okay, okay, here we are We're not political at all zero politics on this show Yeah, yeah, we're here to have fun. I know Scott's packing No Right now I was like Desklight I know there's a lot going on just out of camera shot You know just in case you never know I have to go to my closet open my safe Oh Target comes in So yeah, okay, so we're gonna open we got a good topic Let me know if I word this right Scott things that we used to think mattered that we now think don't And vice versa. Yeah, that's that's okay. Yes, this is where I'm dusty. He's thread last week This was from Dr. Marvin coming to this one in his specifics where what something you used to think matter? It a lot for bodybuilding and no longer do or vice versa Yes Like well, I I think I used to be Obviously you guys know I'm you know like sort of a lower technically lower volume trainer most of my life with like really high intensity and stuff like that I think I you I think that for a grand majority I put a little too much worry into how many total sets I was doing like Even doing one more set than norma as a host is gonna like This is gonna be like too much or one last set. I'd be like oh my god. I didn't I didn't get my volume like I Think that I was a little too obsessed with Trying to find a precise number of sets which is Which is why I often say to people don't worry so much about them these Little things you know to try it like you know that mean like I think it was afraid to try some things when I was I was really stuck in my sort of like dogmatic This is the one way I'm gonna train for a long time and I think I would have been better to just you know Be a little more free flowing maybe a little more adaptive, but I think that might have done me well if not just less stress So I think that's one thing I did that was probably unnecessary was just all the worrying about total volume all the time Yeah for for me the first thing that came to mind when I read that Was and and you a lot of you guys won't understand us because of the timeline But I know Ron and Scott you both will Back in the day everything was about nutrient timing obsession So like you went to the supplement store if you were having a if you needed a protein you were like with what time you gonna have it Like after I train and before bad that's two different proteins You need a way I still it after you train because it's gonna digest really really quickly and that's gonna get in that anabolic window I mean I was deathly afraid like if I really needed someone to have a Shake ready as soon as I put the bar down on my last set because I did not want to miss the anabolic window I mean I would literally bring the shake in and like shake it up before I did my last set That way when I got done and I put the weights away it was waiting because I did not want to lose the gains And then I would have a pure casing at night and then I learned oh wait wait that's not true I want to have a I want to have a blend where I've got way and egg and casing all the way so it's slowly Seeps into my systems so I don't lose all my gains while I'm asleep and Then I got older and I was like I had to make sheep protein at some point and it blows clients away now like I have a new couple new clients and I Rode out their plan and they were like oh you don't have me having carbs after a channel like I have no idea what time of train They were like oh what do I do like do you want carbs after your train? Yeah, then move them Just take them from another meal slide them over and like in fact if you want to have two You know because I think I have my like two hundred 50 grams of rice Like if you want all of that rice from two meals post where I got had it just don't have it earlier And that's something that I really learned is like all of those things we used to obsess about Now my thought process is simple. I send to my clients and like what you see on this diet I want you to eat between the time you wake up and the time you go to bed other than that. I don't care Yeah, five meals six meals four meals don't care That's a great one. I think meal timing was a huge thing Obviously you want to spread your food out right and that's why we say eat every two to three hours Just shredding it out so you can get it in and absorb it and like not be bloated and not have to eat giant meals to take an hour and all that stuff But I would be like I've I've ever losing my mind because I was like five minutes Passed a three hour mark yeah, and like just being just Raging my day it would ruin my day it really have and I remember as I got older and I started Hanging around really good body builders I Like as you get older you start hanging around guys that have one nationals and Have their pro cards or they're really high level super heavy weights and they're like you know The first time you hang out with a 280 pound super when you're a kid and And you see how comm some of them were they're like yeah, yeah, I got to get another meal here in the next like You know as long as they get one in the next hour I'm okay, you know get my meal in then I could train and then I'm on so you know and they were just way more like You know, but they're older guys they got jobs They got shit going on they got kids or whatever like and you start to see like oh, this is Software running in the background yes, this isn't this isn't like Like the main thing in front of you the whole day and I started to kind of get it over time and then you become that 280 pound super heavyweight Start to real eye and you start having a real life as you get older and you're working two jobs and you got a lot going on and you're like Oh, I'm bigger and stronger than I've ever been and I'm worrying less and less about the minutes and yeah this sort of stuff It's it's all about consistency over time It's not about like losing yourself in the minutia Yeah, yeah, those are I've got a couple I can think of The one of them is is the gear side of things I would I got really complicated with it Earlier on thinking that like okay, I'm gonna start out and kick start with this because it's faster acting and then go to this and I'm gonna switch my testosterone to this one You know this different aspect and like really honestly what I ended up finding is you find the things that work well for you You lean into those things and then you you clear your brain of all of that nonsense and you focus on other aspects because it's really Just like the other stuff you get you figure out what's gonna work and you run that and then you put your energy into the next thing I wish that I would have at that stage Investored more energy into my training You know, I was just talking to Scott Stevenson about this yesterday, but I think that training something that we can always Continue to learn about there's like no end to the next step of what's gonna be right for you, you know And yeah, I wish I would have invested more into that the food thing. Yeah, I could definitely relate to that too And I feel like we all have to go through that because we have to like we have to first figure out What like a hundred percent strict is it in order to figure out You know how what we can get away with and Related my other one was I was really terrified of losing muscle during a diet I thought right you know you really needed to be so careful and and that ended in 2015 when I dieted down is like I just I took it head on and I dieted too hard intentionally and I just said I want to see how far it'll go and I got down to my stage weight I've told you guys about this before, but I got down to my stage weight of the previous show and then I kept going for like another eight weeks And I went harder and I ended up dropping like freaking 20 pounds now Honestly, I didn't look terrible at stage. I almost won like second second second place missed it But one place the guy who beat me in that class and it up going on to win the overall and it was a hell of a competition against him Had I been fuller 10 times however, which I could have been I could have been just as lean You know what I mean And maybe I would have done it who knows but honestly though after that I can't I bounced right back, you know There were diets that I had kind of my legs got smaller from the cardio I was doing But then post show little while later their backs six weeks later. They were back So I realized there's a big difference between muscle loss and muscle flatness, you know But true losing muscle it's not as easy as I once thought it was I was terrified of it at one point That's a great one because You know I I I had a few nationals early on my first nationals. I looked really great. I got second But then I thought you know I went fell into that trap as a young bodybuilder like oh I have to be a lot bigger and Obviously yes, you do have to be bigger, but you know what we mean by bigger actually getting bigger and Yeah, so then that's heavier my second my second nationals. I came in way too heavy and I was all I remember that whole prep I was obsessed with like not losing any muscle Because I had some people tell me all you're just a little flat, you know, so then that got on my head as a young bodybuilder And I came in the next year and I wound up in fifth place out of like 15 guys But I was way off what I should have looked like It's like so mad at myself for falling into that trap because I knew I'd fallen for it You know what I mean and Yeah, and and and and then I remember the first year I worked with Chris We were Like six weeks out or something and he's like let's lean into it. Let's pull all your carbs from post workout And I remember that was like the first times No carbs post workout. He's like no just have your cup of oats in the morning and let's just go no carbs all day Yep, and then like okay, and I was like oh I hope I don't lose any muscle I lost like zero muscle right Yeah, I just was great. I just like felt like tired and with a whole thing but I got way harder and everything just fell into place and You know you just there's all these fears that you have and you know when you pounded muscle in it doesn't Leave that easily I wanted to add just because there was something that you brought up run on my post yesterday that it's important You don't lose muscle quickly if you give your body a reason to maintain size And we've talked about this a million times, but I feel you're there's three reasons to have to to maintain or to grow Obviously food input training output and supplements the Medically enhanced supplements Format medical stuff yes, yes, that's tough. Yes, and I think where people go wrong Very very often and perhaps is we pull the food down because you have to The cardio goes up because it has to Then the training intensity drops which it doesn't have to and now the only thing you have that's changed is Supplements and That's where I think people lose size because the confusion is in the fact that I think you need two of those things to make sure you at least Maintain so I was Obsessive and this is something I push on all my clients like do not let yourself Train less intensely. I'm not saying you got to be break in records of strength, but You need to really be watching how hard training because We don't have the food there and you don't have the the training intensity There's no reason for your body to maintain the muscle mass and people don't realize that It's like why do you think when guys stop training they shrink? Because they're not eating anymore than I think they used to and they're not training like they used to Why is it when I came down those things didn't change? Because I don't want to train any other way yet So the muscle is staying purely because I'm Giving it a reason to it has to stay there to continue moving these loads and and that's an area where Suddenly can matter and I don't like people go, oh, I think I lowered the food too much Right now you started to train like a bitch that's the problem You know that famous quote Well, I think it's not yes It's not it's like this is not famous enough if I can't remember who said it but that poem I do not go quietly into that good night It's about death like don't you know what I mean and I remember that always was in my head during prep like You have to have the mentality I know that This isn't about the way it's you left. It's about how hard you train but you have to battle to stay strong and you have to mentally Fight to stay strong and don't give up ground easily you are going to have to drop your weights a little We're gonna get to four weeks out when your pressing is not what it was and we're gonna but you You have to conceit make those concessions as minimally as possible like I remember Let's say I was doing incline with 345 for 8 reps off season yeah, you know I'd start to die at I would always lose some fluid and now maybe I'm down to like 325 for my working set That's okay. I was got a little a little weaker when I dropped 10 pounds out of the you know the shoulders and stuff And but then I would battle like Battle to keep that 325 on a bar for as many weeks as I possibly could and you're gonna get that one week Reign only get five reps and you're okay Now I'll concede to like 315 not I'm not going down to 275. Oh, I'm not that strong today It would be minimal minimal concession like I would give an inch but I would plant my flag in the ground at that inch again and try to hold on to that for another three weeks And then maybe your strength goes down again because you're on zero carbs, but you don't give two feet you give an inch And you know keep you know like it was like for I was very very very very determined to fight to stay strong through the prep and You know, maybe I'm doing five plate stiff legads at the beginning of the prep and I'm only doing four plate stiff legads at the end But I'm not doing two plates The other concession the selves The other concession people make is is mental before it's even there Yes, the amount of people that are like and you see this it's like you could have very easily run when Chris took away those carbs postwork out Oh, I'm just weak now. I'm just tired. Yeah, no you're not No, you're not like I really don't think people understand the power of deciding You know I used to tell people in the gym because you'll have some me say I'm off today and they say like two or three times I do go home Yeah, you're off You're deciding that you're off like I'm not saying that you don't feel like oh, this is a little bit not the same today But if you just consistently tiresome it's like if you say keep saying you're I'm sick I'm getting sick. I can feel I'm getting sick. Yeah, yeah, I'm getting sick. I feel like you know Just reset make a different maneuver, you know, maybe you say okay This doesn't feel quite right today. So I'm gonna go do another movement whatever it may be But people I have clients to do that two weeks into a prep I mean the strength starting to dep him like why you're fat as shit There's no reason for you to be weaker yet. I mean I really do think that people don't know how strong their minds are and how much that controls the strength of your body I'll be honest. I found that my performance enhanced sometimes during prep tell the very very end because now Everything is perfect my sleep is the best it can be I mean my entire life rotates around being prepared for this workout every day and Although the food was down also my mental focus was higher like when you've got You know the stage looming you tend to bring a little bit more even though you thought you were killing it before I mean you know everyone in my gym knows what I'm getting ready for like that had a little pressure There was just a lot of things that kind of kept me moving forward and I think a lot of people It was truly mental so you have to make sure again getting back to the purpose of this whole rant was The reason you don't drink is you don't let yourself Yeah, if you take it all the way of course you do you you can't just take you know the the supplements and then Not train hard and not eat and go, I don't know why I lost size. I'm you crazy. Of course you did There's a little bit of denial you have to live in a little bit like Like you know like let's say you go in and I mean I remember going through this okay my in Klein barbell press is down I lost 25 pounds I have long arms it's always the first thing to go on me as the press It goes down a bit but I'm 20 pounds lighter so now my hack squat goes up Right like there's always something else going on and I think what happens is people go in and they're like for Example they're in Klein presses down today So then for the rest of their chess work out they're like oh, I'm weaker today No, no, you might be just as strong on flies. Yeah, yeah, there might be no strength loss on your flies because I went through that My press would be down and then I'd go to my fly movement and I'd be like just as strong as normal because you're not Pressing there's no you know the fluid and stuff isn't as much of a factor or Or yeah your strength might be down on your on this exercise, but it's actually up on your hacks now because you're lighter So you can't just give up into like You know the one thing happens the press goes down. Oh, I'm I'm weaker now That exercise is weaker for you Right you might get stronger in other things because you're on all the best supplements and you're eating all of you know The protein and all that stuff There's the mental thing there's a perspective thing in there too because I've known so many people and you guys have two There was said like oh, I don't die yet I don't compete because I don't like losing strength You know there's that whole thing like for you Ron you were a strong dude You're talking about moving some serious weight and then having to use a little bit less But you're not getting like depressed over it. You know what I mean? You know, you're not letting that get you down because that could ruin some of this day like oh man I failed you know what I mean? No, I always thought of it as like fighting a war and you're you're you're moving your flag If you have to move the flag back it's as little as possible You know what I mean and and you're gonna and hopefully get it up and again, you know like I don't know It's that's whole thing in my head, you know You gotta talk yourself into some some stuff when you're prepping for a show and you're moving big weights and stuff and I just You gotta fight to the end It doesn't like rocky it doesn't matter if you're getting a shit beat out of your face like don't go down Like like you can you can survive this like you make it to the bell and you're still standing and You're shredded and you got all your muscle like I just I had that mentality and I don't know how to explain it any other way Is you did either of you guys have that same I mean I I I feel like I already know the answer I'm asking but Where you would be tired and I would I would tell myself like You know, yeah that day they're like I do not want to do these barbell walking lunges make your smoke You're hurting and then I'm like I'm I'm pretty sure that the guy who's naturally better than me won't do these today Right, so I'm gonna do them or one thing I got told Nicky I used to do this to myself Sometimes I'll be on the step mill I hate that stupid thing and I just have a quick thought like Maybe I'll cut out two minutes early just I would think it never do it and as soon as I thought I'd add five minutes My cool seven more to go Like I was I would punish myself for even thinking stuff like that But in reverse it was very positive like I don't think someone else is doing this right now And they might have been but it definitely helped me do some extra things I didn't want to do when you're like this could be the difference and I feel like that's the the main goal is to Make it to the stage knowing that there's nothing you could do better and that was always I think an area where I thrived which was I didn't have to win because I was never going to lose a show I would just get beaten and I that's fine that just means you're better than me and There's nothing I can do about that there's no defense and bodybuilding But I could always look back and be like there's absolutely nothing I would have changed Yeah, so whatever happens happens. It's fine. You know, yeah I've got a name and and and and this is this is my motivation Dan Strudgeon Dan Strudgeon want to show that I was in and I said to myself Okay, so I might not never meet Dan Strudgeon on stage again We did end up becoming friends and actually coach him later But I said to myself like if I'm going to beat Dan Strudgeon then I need to do this You know what I mean like I need I can't be weaker I have to do my best because I need to beat him even though in my head I'm like I might never see him again, but At that moment in the gym. I'm competing. Yeah, you know what I mean? Yeah, that's the best Yeah, I don't need to talk with when the first USA's ever went to I went as I just to watch Obviously, I was like a kid and I'm sitting in the in the the stands and it's kind of like a vertical thing at UNLB and My buddy Bruce does with he nudged me and he goes You know in order to be ready for this stage and he'd be able to beat that guy and And in front of me was this monster just sitting there in the chair and I'm like Who is that? You know and So I looked him up and it was Sean Allen you guys remember him big shot Yeah, so big beating against him yeah, and so I Years later I do my first USA's now I took fifth at the USA's the first time and it was so funny because Bruce that was my friend He had moved and I get a text message and he goes I called this I'm like what does it what do you mean and he sends me the top 15 And Sean Allen took ninth okay, and I took fifth and he goes you belong on that stage You had the right that guy That everybody hit me like I was like oh, that was the guy Because I had totally forgotten about it. I mean we're talking years later Like I was a kid when it happened he was but I remember going oh, that's right So you know those little things that you're like okay put that in my mind I appreciate that Yeah, that's awesome No, that's not him no That was true. Yeah, yeah, yeah, big of my memory. Yeah, I'm gonna. That name for a while. I'm gonna find him. Oh, I think we got him here He's not looking at he's not looking super peeled here though Yeah, he's just monster. Yeah, he was such a big dude. He was like six five six six six Yeah, he's giant yeah See, you can see he looks like he's kneeling here next to Palombo Yeah, exactly leaned way back That is funny. I've got a great picture with me and Dan Decker and Sean Roden and Sean Allen All backstage posing at the North Americans one year. Oh no kidding I'm like all of us went on to get our pro cards eventually Yeah, but that was a year Sean Roden turned pro as a Sean that day Too low seven naturally One that show yeah, what a great show But yeah, yeah, there's a good old days dusty you brought back a flashback and Sean Allen there I love all those stories too like that with the natural ones I remember when when Kai Green won that When he won that best posing award and he was like well, I'm natural and everyone's like he's not natural And then all of a sudden he gains 40 pounds and like three months like oh Yeah, he loved People always cry natural and then the guy puts 30 pounds on his first years of pro and they're like yeah Yeah, here's my bad for you. Here's perspective for you. Yeah, yeah, that's a big show Now you can understand why it like 22 years old and I've got to be that guy Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, hey, you should remember the the Kai Green clip I sent you guys Yes, I don't remember it off hand did you see it on the Instagram Got you put that up All right give me a minute. Yeah, Phil for it. I don't film me for me while I find this Yeah, so anyways this this Kai Green clip comes across Mike Pusanella puts it up because he shot it at like the 2010 Arnold Okay, and it's in our it's just bodybuilding chat there on Instagram But he puts it up and all of a sudden they start getting messages from people. They're like what the Well look at this and I'm like you guys don't remember Kai Green Dia you youngsters. I was there Yeah, 13 years ago And and then I send it yeah, yeah, yeah, all right, yeah, let's play this I said this to a cito and I go how does he place and the cito replies Thank you And I replied I He said what do you think and I said well, I think he'd probably win and he said easily that was his reply easily But this was I mean this Kai Green like we forget what Kai look like Guys, this is the Arnold time This is at the 2010 Arnold yeah, and remember he built Phil Heath Remember he beat Phil Heath at that show yeah, I was there that was that was one of the Arnolds that I got to go to I was a big Kai fan and and it was kind of like he was on he kind of became more of a character Of himself you know what I mean, but yeah, yeah, and man he was just like one hardcore bad dude I'll tell you people don't remember him You know I mean Crazy shit in the gym too like he's doing a six plates squats for wraps and five plate inclines and Doing all that crazy stuff he was doing with Oscar and the jam you remember the big weights He's pushing although loved it. Yeah And Oscar also did every movement in the gym Yeah, but I mean like I don't know man. I know times change but Do they like where does Kai land now? Where does this physique land now? It's insane Yeah, and that's what I often say about Phil Heath because like think you know this this physique beat Phil that day And then Phil obviously made some improvements and went on to win but that that era with Kai and Phil I know everyone just kind of thinks of Kai and Phil blah blah blah But they were like a stone wall no one was getting through those two they were like it was crazy how good they were I gave Kai all the respect in the world during that time and I didn't realize I never gave Phil what he deserved until it was over Then I looked back and I was like whole I think I was so jaded by Ronnie that I never gave Phil What he deserved and then eventually I started seeing old clips. I'm like yeah I don't even remember him being this sparkers and I was at every Olympia he won And it's like where was my head in those moments because I was like he's not Ronnie I was like my answer He's not Ryan I'm like really he's we're gonna pretend like he's garbage It's 40 and I've been Ronnie was 280 so yeah, but meanwhile then you start really looking and you're like His rear double oh I used to arrogantly be like Ronnie smokes every rear double. I'm like I don't know I'd have to see those two really next to each other Well and poses like the side chest and never really liked how Ronnie posed his side chest It was like never I didn't like how he set up his leg I didn't like how he'd kind of rolled his shoulder forward a little bit and yeah Just do just so big it didn't matter. I just didn't really like Ronnie side chest and then Phil's side chest was like an absolute bonkers work of art Like everything was probably like Phil kind of wins that pose damn like I know Ronnie's like the greatest of all time and they go And everything but it wasn't a runaway like no, it'd been crazy. Well and think about it too like in that era We weren't as concerned about ab control, you know, so like everybody had bigger thicker stomachs that said Phil's stomach was still by by like everybody else by that standard It was tighter imagine him today if you were Training in today's standards being super conscious of his midsection that whole time yeah, he could be he could be Incredible still right now, you know yeah good good times, but to think that 13-year-old video a guy Come this out and people are like oh I might have gone this that's So speaking of the Arnold you guys see the news and you're jacked. Oh, yeah, hold out of both arms He put up a post today. It's all over the place. He said do do do there's too much going on in my life I've got a lot going on right now. I will never I don't want to do this show and be less than a hundred percent So I'll be withdrawing from both Arnold's So now they're talk about you know is there gonna be a penalty? You know because sometimes they get fine You know if they sign a contract and then don't show up because that's sort of stuff which I'm sure isn't his main concern if he's got stuff going on But what do you guys think of that it kind of You know clears the path a little bit it does it's a shame. That's for sure I mean I think a lot of people were excited to see we were excited to see what was gonna happen because we had him right up there You know what I mean yeah, yeah, well we got you know we had who did we have in the top three I mean we're looking at we're looking at Samson and And you're jacked and who else was on the list that we had in the top three? Haddy had he's doing the show? Yeah, yeah, so that was our that was our top three and then of course You know Nexil is in there, which will be really crazy. I mean who knows why he's gonna look like I mean He shows up with detail. That's a different that's a different situation. Yeah, it's gonna be cool to see how he Stands up against those guys. Yeah, he compares to them, you know. Yeah, it's funny. I I tell people you know we get the odd criticism Not that I remember when when we did When we did the Arnold we talked about the Arnold a couple episodes ago and people were like Nexil is in the Arnold. I'm like I know we just didn't get through the list like we We did But we do like we look at the list we talk about four names and then when we're just about to talk about the name that you are thinking of Dusty tells a fart joke or She's a man She's a shinier squirrel it's really hectic dog is parking. It's a lot going on and so yeah and and then also I got to say You guys got to give us a little bit of leeway. I saw one guy commented We'd on the Tom have a land video. He's like he wasn't special services and I'm like hey The group told me he said do your research. I was literally on Google like Google his name And I know all these things came up and the one said Ex special forces monster lifts heavy weights. I'm like oh he's Ex special forces scroll scroll scroll We do My research. I'm not like looking a yeah, yeah, yeah, you know So the Australian special forces and check that out Ron get this before I say this Yeah, I thought that comment. I kind of felt like I'll come on man like what kind of standards Are you trying to hold people to here's was my thought like you? I want to watch And assume we're checking into this Expect for us We go a bodybuilding and only talk about four people and leave the a winner out and you think we're gonna mention the winner Yeah, if it's not in a meme I don't know Like quite simple if it's not in a Joe Rogan AI video then I don't mention it Somebody come last episode. This is a great episode. I can't believe the whole thing was AI Right yeah, there you go Well, that's how you knew it was a I could have a scissor better the less we show up. Yeah Very valid okay, well, I don't even remember what our opening topic was, but I'm sure I didn't know really Cooperative thoroughly. We did we did best game and plus a bunch other stuff too and then wound up talking about kygreen What's next on the list got you know we want for us? I still have I do have some show in tell for later in the show I have this box which we shall unveil But you had a topic for us and we're gonna try to dance around this one really carefully I had a guy he mentioned he said in make three good points to convince a Jim Brody use gear Don't I thought this is a terrible idea. I have to present this to the guys first thing in the morning So I thought I would share how it happened to me Okay, because I like I don't want to steal credit for this So here's how it went down when I was a kid I was trained by a natural bodybuilder and I decided like I kind of like You know what you said Ron I planted my flag and the natural thing and I was talking to the guy I used tint windows and I was telling my boss is well, I'm gonna stay natural He goes why did I go well because it's like the right thing I mean that way everything I Gain is mine Yeah, and it's really I'm also and he goes oh I have a thought and I was like okay and mind you this is a guy that smoked two packs a day in our bed Never worked out of day in his life and I was like all right what's up and he goes You know Melissa that works with the drill on the drive and I'm like yeah he goes Do you like your tits and I'm like Yeah, he goes does it bother you that they're not natural And he goes order you just like him because they're bigger and I go that's a good point and I am immediately ordered Can you get this debaust Yes, I can Yeah, that's Mark that time. I just used a word. I'm supposed to use Scott Yes, I'm doing so I just used the word We had a whole coverage about what not to say and then I was like We're being careful. We're being careful here. Yes, so that was how I was convinced and I thought it was genius because I was like He makes a valid point. He does make a valid point. I I remember training in in high school And like I was 17 and grade 12 and I was you know natural, but I knew that like you know It was a thing. I knew that I was eventually going to get to that like I already talked to the guys at the gym They're like you two young right now, but like yeah later on, you know and So I remember I went to train at the college one day because a college had a pretty good gym back in the day where I lived right and everyone's so well I'd go train at the college just Scope out some maybe there's some volleyball chicks in there or something who knows right and how will agree? I mean I think that it would be 18 okay 18 so you just like the younger age of still being able to like fit in with the college group Plus your tall guy so you probably yeah, big guy and I was already you know Yeah, and I was already mentioned three plates when I was seven a cabin street plates when I was 17 right So I go in the college gym and I was like stronger than all the athletes there. Yeah, so so I was in there You know, I go in there rip it up once in a while and I talked to some guys you know And I remember they had these signs up on the walls like anti juice signs and there's like one of like the back of a guy's head and it was bald And it's like yeah, yeah, you know steroids will make you lose your hair and then there's like another one up in the locker room and it was like Like a guy standing there alone It was like steroids will make you infertile And then there'd be another sign of like you know The guy like going like this and it'd be like you know juice will make you angry and I was like that's it Was it all you're doing? I'm totally fine with like Change for those things I get a ton of muscle. I'm in yeah, I'm pretty calm guy I don't really want kids and I don't know my hair is pretty thick I don't think it's going anywhere for at least 30 years so you're gonna need a better argument And I just remember to just be like oh, yeah, okay. Well, they're not doing a very good job I don't know who this is gonna convince I just wish you got I don't think I saw those signs does he deserve a seat of those signs anywhere No, I never did I and that's funny though because I've had the reverse They got told you guys this I had somebody asked me on my Q and A one time Like would you rather have a ton of muscle or a full head of hair on my kids pretty obvious I made that choice Let me see Tana muscle And luckily enough there's plenty of women that like the band guys were shaved heads so I was a pretty With the worst of the world. Why have the lose? Yeah, I had nothing to lose Nothing to lose. There's someone for everybody dusty Exactly Yeah, I just remember what you know You know, oh god Remember this one guy I remember back when I was like There was probably 17 or 16 or something. I was younger and I remember the one guy at the gym was like soon as you're 18 I'm gonna get you on some test Not like no not me not me. You know, I'd rather be the biggest guy in the gym naturally than the biggest guy In the country on juice or something. I think that's my dumb quote at the time Yeah, and he looked at me and he just Exploded in like rockus laughter Like And it was like genuine laughter like he got triggered to laugh Yeah, and I remember he's just laughing in my face like a real laugh Yeah, and I was like and he looks at me goes that's the dumbest thing I've ever heard What and he goes and then I remember he put his hand on my shoulder goes given another year or two kid You realize how dumb that was and he'd walk away That's amazing Forever Like things were going on my head because I was like you know, I was like young enough that I was like still know right Yeah, I was like oh, oh, maybe he's got some points and then you know Just funny. Yeah, on his 18th birthday runs like I admitted it was dumb. Where do I get it? No, no, but I do remember do you make guys remember the first time you ever bought any super supplements? Of course I came out of okay, well tell tell me your story dusty. He buying some super subs for the first time You need to get subway. How does it go down? No, so I actually Now that the store doesn't exist. I can say this I had him come by the store. He used to come in there and He was in and I knew that he was the guy and I was like hey I want to get some stuff and he was like okay Oh Cut short by people didn't exist or let's see why does she got a like smash the door knowing I'm on the podcast With the stuff Kills me You're gonna have barking dogs to make sure the feds aren't listening Don't harm your legs So anyways, hi, no, you're the whole world knows you're here Anyways, the So he comes in because he goes because what do you need and I was like Well, what do you have and he literally unzips the fan he pack? Wow, he folds out the fan he packed dealer. Yeah. Oh right then in there and he pulls up ampules Premo Glass amps around it is fan he packed that's not sick 90s how much are those now? Remember I wish I could remember But he 25 was like you can have 10 of them for this and I was like All right, can I have him now? He's like sure so I bought him from right then in there And actually that night I took my first shot in the back there which I was sweating it was some NASA So I was a deal Say for those who are like oh, it doesn't really do much I put on 25 pounds in 10 weeks taking one of those a week It was those Two amps yeah, and I mean and the wildest part was I will never forget I was doing a dumbbell shoulder press in the gym This is five weeks in and I'm like all right shooting for eight you know I know I got my numbers and I kick them up nine 10 11 I kind of look back in the mirror at my training partner 12 13 I put him down I'm like this stuff is awesome So kids don't do it. It's not worth it. Um terrible idea I remember the first I remember the first stuff I I remember I was kind of thinking I'm like oh, you know, maybe I'll do some stuff right You know and I remember my buddy Was at the gym one day and you go take I guess spot and I was like yeah, sure and I went over and I know he was like press and like the hundred pound dumbbells Right and they get over there and he's got the one 10s And I remember like he was a really good friend of mine. So I knew like oh, this is heavy for him like he's I go you're doing these like yeah, and he gets back and cranked so like six or seven reps I spot him on a wrap like that's your best set every is like yep week two on deba nice And I was like Oh, yeah, and you were sold you saw the I want to be doing literally literally the next day. I was like so Did you get that stuff and he's like oh that guy and I was like okay So I just went over and I was like hey can I was wondering if I could double up on what what he did and he's like sure come on my place tonight kid I still remember What else he comes of ban Yeah, it says get you to I like roll passes place and knock and it's like one of those places like this dog's bark in and you keep people running It's a good hectic household yeah, and he just comes to door gives me a big People big sheets of this these blue Russian deballs oh good ones too gives me these sheets and with a rubber band around them He's like here you go on a game. I'm 300 bucks. I still remember Give me 300 bucks for the give me all these deballs like a dollar pill and Yeah, it was just the first time I remember and it was just it I was like really nervous driving home I said cool You know I get trouble Yeah, then I agree I think people on this show also understand how much money $300 was in our life at that point Well technically that was like with the inflation I was like $1200 in in the face Seriously like I think back of whatever you know 250 or whatever it was I remember like well Minivan wages like 475 at the time Super the math we're talking to me 50 when I yeah, that's like a dollar for all the Americans watching You know You can threaten to make a huge for Nike, but anyways, yeah, you can rent an apartment You could rent an apartment for 400 a month. Yeah. Yeah, you could so you know There you go Gas was like 87 cents a gallon too. So you guys don't do gallons over there in Canada, but leaders Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, but yeah, but yeah, it's good times, you know by and doing a sketchy little Sketchie little supple middo with your neighborhood gym guy get going on your first run, you know This is some amazing stories and I know you guys for this long I've heard so many stories. I never heard either of those stories before and The key is I made sure I transported them home In my fany pack There it is Yeah, that's where they go. I remember I got a little older when I was working in the bars and guys were still wearing Fanny packs like late nineties early 2000s. We were still all the door guys were still wearing them And to us it was like a bodybuilder thing like you got your wallet your keys pack a gum Little blistacks maybe a condom back in the days when used to think we really were And And And Really funny good Hey, I'm still here. I didn't die. I made the nities So You get And then I started running into other bodybuilders because that's all I carried in mine and they all had like tons of gear and their Fanny pack Like you guys carry gear around with y'all the time and really get a nice one preload I got my debol tabs for the rest of the day. Wow. I'm like, oh, I just carry my stuff in my family pack You know, you're carrying Blistacks Normal normal stuff in here and then I remember Group striping one The one cop I was friends with was like yeah everyone knows at Fanny packs or just everyone who wears a Fanny pack Just full of drugs That's funny. That was like oh that's it everyone thinks and the cop was like All of us every time we see any one of the Fanny pack with you all guys Fanny packs full of bucks every single one of them And I was like It was right 99% of the time Yeah, yeah, yeah, the fan. I did some Fanny pack After that I was trying to be you know better members society So Hey, I've got an important question guys. I forgot we did have one listener question that I really wanted to make sure we nailed I also wanted to say guys comment with questions for the next show because we're gonna need them I'm going to make sure we we got this one ink because I know we're forgetting further into the show But we needed to help this dude out He said is it possible that I am unable to grow anymore? I've taken two years off of Competing the bulk no matter how hard I train how much I eat or how much gear I use I can't get past 225 Well I mean at least is 225. I hear this from a 185 pound person. I'm like come on But I mean I don't know what to say other than it's math you know um You have to eat more calories if you eat enough calories you will get heavier like it's absolutely will happen like there's just a tipping point that you haven't hit yet Whether or not that's muscle or fat that's another Part of the equation that I'm not equipped to answer for sure But if you're just trying to move the scale it's just a matter of calories and I know it might seem Like it doesn't make sense but we've talked about this before sometimes the math doesn't add up Like I remember being 320 eating 6,000 calories a day and my weight dropping to 319 the next morning and you know You know I have to have a large pizza tonight and have a large pizza and then the next day I'm 318.5 Like how can this be possible and then maybe the next day just randomly I'm 320.5 and like she's like what's going on like It's not always about you know the math it doesn't always make sense sometimes you have to do the big Giant platter of wings in front of the football game every Sunday like dust he used to do you know and it's it's tricky I was gonna say and again this is this isn't for the person that asked but everyone who's watching is I don't I don't know but typically When there's a comment like that and I can't get past use of the answer is consistency the amount of people who Do exactly everything he just said Every single day of every single week of every single month of every single year for two years isn't They're not the ones that are usually struggling to see forward progress It's very rare that you show me someone who's consistently giving a hundred and ten percent and I said consistently to all of those things that just stops. No, he wrong. I mean obviously There is a point where progression drastically slows what you talk about your first year of training for growth versus your tenth is a different thing But I grew to the end of my career And I think typically the difference is being truly honest with their consistency So what I recommend for anyone who's pretty sure logbook everything you eat All day every day and then review it the amount of people who I have found through helping them Oh you're missing five meals a week you told me you haven't missed a meal and forever You know, oh you thought you were cheating twice a week you're cheating nine times a week Which is then causing you to be overly full and you're missing two meals after that You know there's a lot of things that will usually run into play so I think What helps is just writing it down. It's very easy. We all work hard and you know like I'm doing really good But when it hits paper I think a lot of times people are oh it I'm not doing quite as good as I thought And then if they adjust let's start to change The the slow creep of small numbers is is is a problem that people don't realize so You know they'd be like oh I don't miss meals and then you know you look at the plan and they missed six meals in a month Well guess what that's an entire day of food Yeah, so would you go an entire day without eating anything because that's what you just did technically this month Is you had a day where you didn't eat a single calorie technically right if you look at it It missed six meals in a month you might think well that's nothing that six meals in a month But that's an entire day where you fasted if you think about it mathematically And how hard is it gonna be to be the game weight if you keep doing that every month have I like a you know what I mean So and then also two little things like oh I'm trying it my calves to grow you know I I smash him really hard three times a week okay. Well how many sets did you all I do you know eight sets three times a week for calves But then you look and they're actually doing six or sometimes five and at the end of the month you're like well You're missing 25 total sets that you you think you're doing and you're telling yourself you're doing But at the end of the month you're down 25 sets that's a lot of volume So if you're really trying to hammer calves to get them to grow you're you're missing the mark So that's slow creep of thinking I'm doing everything but you know Dusty's right you start writing it down Shit this stuff missing and in another conversation you guys might call that like the menu Sure you don't need to pay attention to but in this conversation that's like that's assuming everything's working right Like if everything's working you don't need to necessarily dig in that deep, but I see what you're saying like Okay, if it's not if things aren't working then why don't I really take a deep look yeah everything I'm doing with my diet With my training and I wonder about his training style because I can tell you this that I made a certain level of progress And this is through my late late 20s 30s and then into my early early 40s, but then I you know things kind of tapered off though at a certain point then when I changed my training in my like mid 40s I started making progress that I didn't think I was capable of making and I wasn't even like trying as hard I wasn't taking as much super supplements. I wasn't I wasn't as focused on the diet as I had like there were points That I was so laser to in on the diet and on my training and on the gear all that stuff and I At this point like I wasn't doing all those things, but my training was better And I was progressing in the gym and all of a sudden I was like oh man I see myself continuing to go if up If I continue on this course So yeah, maybe there's something in there like you know just because your training program has gotten you to two 25 doesn't mean that that's gonna continue taking you to two 35, you know Yeah, we've got to keep in mind to to answer your Your thing about the the small detail Scott and I agree it's that When I was in that portion of my life in Scott like we talked about things that mattered we thought matter then that didn't now Yeah, if you said to me What did you eat meal three Thursday the 13th? I could tell you because it was the same thing I meal three today Okay, so I never wrote it down because I literally ate the same thing every single day Well, whoever was on my diet yeah, and it only altered when the diet altered so when I would say I didn't miss meals I was being extremely literal because I filled I mean I know wrong was this way too I left my house for the full cooler every day and I came home with an empty one and all the food was packed and managed and the only thing that I altered as I got more experienced was I Actually brought an additional four cups of rice and ten asks of meat with me because if I was hungry enough I ate that also okay Because that was you know that was like my okay if we can get it down Let's eat more So it was really really simple, but you know that's it's usually like those little things like wrong set I mean for me it was sleep. I always struggled the sleep and I just had to find a way So I couldn't I couldn't seem to control that it's like then I learned oh I can nap pretty well So I would literally get 20 minute naps twice a day when I could and then that all the sudden I go rowing again You know, so look for things that you can control that maybe you know You do realize aren't perfect you might say whether out of my hands That's all right. Is there a way we can manipulate what's in your control to improve? You know and I think you you know that also Scott because I've seen that even now like I can't train exactly how I used to But I can definitely put on muscle still if I choose to by training a different one Yeah, I'd want more about the box. Oh one more quick one fat grip. Okay. What do you guys think? fat grips I'm already very very uncomfortable with Thickness and that just makes me more in-bus Oh wait what are you talking This is girth anyways. No to me those I don't do any of that nonsense, but I know people like them whatever. Yeah. I don't know If you like me like I'm I'm not I'm not Believer that they're gonna make your arms bigger anything they might make it tougher to hold on too Great for grip strength or something like you know what I mean I totally get that I remember the first time I remember when I went to Archer's gym in Australia for the first time and I went to do dumbbells and they had like Unusually fat handles on their dumbbells You know and I remember just being like oh, I never Encounter dumbbells like this if it was just you know bigger than any other dumbbell I'd ever used to is you know an Unusual size and I just remember thinking like oh is a grip challenge because you know your hand wasn't closing over the handle When you're doing dumbbell presses is a little bit strange at first. Yeah, but I remember just getting used to it and Thinking like oh, I think my grip strength is a little better now from you know curling them and rowing them and stuff like So um there's that but I never really put any thought into them or anything. I don't really like I don't know carrying around a bunch of gadgets and stuff I see people with big full gym bags with 20 different things and I mean I like my risk cuffs for side laterals on the cables and stuff But I don't have a lot of gadgets and my thought too would be like do you want to make it hard Or to like your your barball road dusty where I was just watching when you're videos earlier today I mean would you want to make it harder to hold the bar so that you could row that much? You know what I mean, would you go over the way you just now the exact what I was gonna say which is If bodybuilding is the goal I want to make sure that like I use straps Yeah, you straps for rows. I mean if I will you straps for anything if I think it'll help me get the target muscle Not because I can't hold the dumbbell but if it'll make sure that I can give the delt or whatever it is a little more focused Because my hands grip doesn't go out of the way It's not a problem and I've had people come back go yeah, but what about your forums and like They're fine Right right They're big like I've never trained them directly. It's never been an issue, you know, so I think that that's one of those things where to me You're getting in the way now. It's it's I feel the same way I correct people all the time. I should say correct in my opinion correct where I'm like why are you rowing without straps? Well, my grip strength to be up. Are you training your forums your back? My back well then your decision is getting in the way of your back growth It is right yeah, you know if your plane is on the grid it yeah Yeah, no, I had it I had a good question here. Yeah, it was what are Can you guys name some over or underrated protein sources? Harviken I never use pork in diets, but you can get pretty lean pork can't you pork tenderloin We very lean if you feel like to I I think that Well, I mean the way I grew up in the way I grew as a kid. I think I think dairy is very villainized now I mean milk protein is absolutely fantastic for bioavailability, you know milk protein is very very high quality I think like a sugar-free low-fat Greek yogurt is incredible protein quality Yeah, it's never been heated. It's not exposed to heated all there's no denetrain. It's really good quality protein some Greek yogurt with some you know throw some some fruit berries because throw oatmeal you could throw All the life yeah, you can you can use Greek protein. I've I've had people get shredded using Greek yogurt in their diets like it's just sort of you know I get it if you have some sort of issue, but there's some people that think they have to get rid of every little Grammiderian I've had I've had females keep Greek yogurt in their diet all the way up to the show Yeah, let's say no problem at all they find so You know it just depends on whether it becomes like where they're too hungry because it's kind of a liquid, you know So like yeah, you're Greek yogurt meal and it kind of like you're pretty hungry still So maybe during the last part of the prep it's not the best but I mean I used to eat an entire tub of Greek yogurt every day I would put like fruit and peanut butter and a couple scoops away isolate and it just stir it up like a great Band of just nutrient dense growth and I just Plow that whole thing watching a movie it'd be like 130 140 grams of protein eaten the whole tub with weigh in it and I just eat the whole thing I remember taking an entire tub of Greek yogurt with some weigh in it to the movie theater Right, you have whole thing watching a movie So I think that's underrated. I mean I drank a gallon of milk a day as a kid and I did that when I was Bodybuilding because I got into that I don't know if you you were around for that run on the boards But I kind of did the the deep dive into raw milk Oh, yeah, and I started going to down I lived in Scots about down and go with there was like There were some farmers down there. I'd go buy it from them and and Because not even gonna get into it on the show because it'll start a shit storm, but basically I was like oh, okay the bad the bad part of milk is all the things we do to make it last longer Okay fine, so I went and did the raw milk thing and I will say it was an easy way to Pound calories on to On the same stuff like instead of having water with my shake. I'll use this calories and it also tastes an awesome so that was not hurt in my feelings No, I I one of my favorite things about Sam Sulek Is that he's doing stuff that we seem to have on mass abandoned For no reasons like I get it some people have issues with lactose Don't that digest well. I some people drink dairy and they feel like they get all mucusy and I get all that the reasons why some people don't like dairy But man, I was fine as a young bodybuilder like Sam I mean, it was giant bulls of cereal dumping You know half a liter of milk on it and then look at the you know look at the gains. It's like It's I don't know we've abandoned a lot of foods that for some people are completely fine Yep, and there's no need for them to be abandoned for a lot of these guys You know if you tolerate stuff fine like you digest it well you can strong kid like that you can drink milk all day So I remember you know we need need food real bad so we go to the grocery store and buy like a liter of skim milk and And you just you know an apple and just chuck it as a snack like you know It was kick the calories and you know So Wait, okay, what's in the box All right, I also want to say shout out to my friend iron asylum Yeah, yeah, yeah, I'm sure a bunch of shirts this thing is like the coolest throwback I love it. It's very cool. Yeah, very much Mike and we got stack also Shout out to Justin It guy who listen to our shows. I don't want to mention his last name because he might not want me to but he He had commented he messaged the The the the pop-up store their their system to say that he had an issue with his shirt He said it was too tight. He got the loose fit There's so I have the two options. There's like the more fitted version and then there's the loose Irfit and the loose refit is still gonna be tight through the arms and chest But he bought the XL and he said it was too small so I was gonna mess it gym and I was like hey man Can I just extend can I just you know buy you a shirt a bigger size and He was like no actually it's good and then he bought three more So shout out to him. He bought a bunch of shirts for a month and I want to see pictures too. So so let me send you a shirt to that I'm very excited seeing people posting with the shirts on I just I can't believe people are buying shirts for our podcast It's just awesome. It is and the box. Okay, so I just like almost texted you guys last night This might be a before Dusty's time Ron will know this my mom Met text me the other day and she said Scott Do you still have are these at the house still? Do you have your garbage pale kids Yes, I don't know if I can do it. Hey, oh, they are there. Yes, so she was like did you know that those are worth money now And I don't think they're really gonna work that much. We went on eBay I do have this is dollars right there. One of the best cards right here. This is A1 This is the nasty Nick card and guys if this is the last podcast you see This is last podcast. You see it's because this thing is worth 17 thousand dollars and I am gonna retire on that and move to a rouba 17 grand You missed sad on Costa Rica. Yeah, I Looked in here. There was a run. I can't find it right now it and it was like a But the right right on Yes, right right on this perfect here it is here. It's it's wrapping Ron wrapping Ron Oh yeah, I didn't find a dusty Obviously, oh, there we go Oh Wrap and run so he he looks more like a presidential candidate than a rap Yeah, like like yeah Ronald Reagan that makes it in time. You know what I mean That makes it is the Ronald Reagan look so but yeah, I love you guys I've got some good ones in here and you know, I did my deal. I saved them. I might bought these things as a kid Dirty dusty no, I there was no I couldn't find it dusty. I do have this one too is one of the Adam bomb is the big one. This is blasted Billy the other name for him. Oh and this one could be a bomb This one could be where so many though guys so let's see have uh do you have Mona the milk? Oh, I know just Means up I like that name that should have been one. I don't know probably was one three big sex like this guy. Yeah, like car name was Moana You like that I like you know I know it I can literally it was a text you guys to see if you remember these do you remember these did you guys have these in Canada around? Well, yeah, but I I wasn't into cards at all. I was you know I wasn't far my either. Oh, okay. I wasn't like a card collector baseball and all that But we got into these and I don't even know why I got him because I didn't have money So like maybe my mom bought him for me when we went to the grocery store or something the only card collecting I ever did was there is one phase when I was like Like 12 or 13 where I was collecting WWE F cards WWE F did like a superstar series and they had all these cards coming out and I had some of like the rare ones, you know The vintage Hogan one and stuff, but I don't think they ever became worth any real money and no There's that card card Fanatics thing that happened in the 90s, you know, oh, yeah, but yeah, this my collection I want to share it with you guys and I I gave me the box he was like here you can put like little momentos in it and for whatever reason I just put all the cards in it and never put anything else in it and it went on the shelf and They're still here today. I had a box I just like got a different stuff in it though. Yeah, yeah, yeah rolling papers grinder right Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, that looks a same Awesome As soon as you showed it to me, I was like that's a hippie box That's A rage clip been with a feather on it like I own those old school hippies at the feather roaches. Oh, yeah, yeah Great without the same okay, that's exactly a friend of mine gave me a pen the other day Yeah, it actually clicks and writes But you take the back off of it and you can put a vape cartridge in it It's It's so funny he's like I can't vote for the quality, but they work and they write Like you think I need like a stealth pan. I mean Like I can't go to the mall without my pen like Jesus like I don't know these people think the judgment on Ron is pretty hot Actually people Leave it out. Oh, so how in your weed with you at 24 seven Jesus You know That's Ronnie leaves the house like I got my keys. I got my wall. Oh, we'd got to grab that Oh, yeah, I'm gonna start You know I know Okay, what else we got we got? Yeah, is that that's it? We're on to the next man Ron in the next you just we're just gonna do them like that one we got some good feedback on the What do you call it the reaction videos people are enjoying those oh? I'm loving the reaction videos and I'm loving the reaction to the reaction videos Yeah, you know, yeah, yeah reaction squared. It's awesome That Tom have a land one was fun, you know, despite us having some of our facts just completely made up That's fine. I put an entertainment idiot. No, I hope Tom doesn't mind and What else what else what? I'm gonna be doing on it. We did the flex wheeler Chris Kormier back Yeah, that was I was so inspired by that too watching that work out like I was watching those muscles contract I was like man, I want to train back after Yeah, I would be sitting bars. Yeah, go to some T bars. Okay. Well, hey, if if all we get out of this is that we feel better about our work Coats that's enough. That's it. Yeah, that's enough. Okay, remember everybody I am mutant calm go to I am mutant calm get your all in get your iso surge and everyone should get on the gear Dusty 20 big Ron 20 user code save 20% remember the think big patreon keep a producer home I love that that throwback 80s neon shirt that might give you that's great me too, man I love the color. Yeah, I didn't think I do purple but I like the purple Ironic is silent longview Texas fantastic jam showed it to Mike again for all the shirts. I love this stuff. He sent me Remember everybody like share subscribe comment and Ring the bell. Yeah, ring the damn bell. Okay. Remember everybody. It's just body building