Everybody episode 157 of its just bodybuilding Q&A episode Scottmignale Dusty Hansha Miran Park low. We're gonna hit the questions and you know catch up on the Instagrams and all that stuff. I had a very meaty dog that I was kind of attending to there. But now he's moaked away giving me the sad look as they do. He where they stop and they look over their shoulder. He's gonna keep walking. You know what you're doing? He speaks fluently with no words. Yeah, he said a lot. My dog actually huffs. My dog will huff. Yeah. I've seen that meme where it says like you take a lot of deep yourselves for a dog that does make the right. You a lot of heavy ex-paly going on around. Yeah, yeah exactly. I put up a question box and I'm just trying to find it. There we go. It's really rock. Yeah, I'm ready to rock. You guys got him too. We got some YouTube questions Scott. We've got no YouTube questions as of this week. And get some stuff. Anybody's fault other than my own because I only put out one episode last week with the Dennis Wolf episode, which we did get a lot of feedback on and get this a channel that about we're about to crack 18,000 subscribers. So if you guys haven't subscribed yet, if you're watching this, definitely like share subscribe comments and ring the bell. There you go. We've got several body building podcasts that come out each week including these guys. A couple times when I remember to put them out. Three times. Yeah. Sometimes. And remember everybody, you know, mutant is supporting the show now. We're not going to like rattle on about them, but you know, they are supporting the show. And they're really cool about it. And just remember, if you go on their website, I am you know, com dusty 20 or big Ron 20. Saviour money. That's it. Maybe yeah, save you some bucks. But yeah, they're supporting the show. So it's very cool to know that and, you know, Scott's happy. It's great. Yeah. It's great. It's an honor, honestly, to have a company like mutant being a part of the program. So I am happy. Yeah. Yeah. It's cool. We've got to, we've got to, we've got to talk about our weekends because I have a story. So I, of course, I have to ask you how is your weekend just so I can come last year. That's my turn. Well, I was excited about your story. And I was a little irritated that we didn't cover it on another episode. But yeah, so my weekend was pretty basic. Nothing exciting going on here. Just, you know, basic parties. So can we get already to the flat land situation? Yeah. We can do it. Well, we had a jam. And a jam is just a jam is just, you know, kind of just send a message out. Everybody, we're going to have a jam, you know, at this location on this day. And, you know, a couple of guys from Alberta came and, you know, you know, what guy from Whistler and, you know, guy from, like, you know, people from hours away. There's not that many flat land riders, right? There's only like a small number of real flat landers, you know. And so we, yeah, had a jam and it was really cool. Like, I think about like, 15, 20 people showed up. I don't know. Over the course of the day, you know, some people came and laughed, right? It was from noon to like seven. I think they went to like seven PM. I showed up from two to five. So I was there for three hours. But, um, it was fucking hot. It was, it was 33, 34 Celsius with like maximum sun exposure. Like relentless, like, yeah, did just be lathered and sun, I was just sprayed with, with copper tone, like completely soaked with it. And, um, so it was pretty miserable and dusty. That's about 95, 97 for you. Oh, good guy. That was wonderful. Yeah. So it's fucking hot. It's like 95 degrees. Yeah. So we're having like, we've. Yeah. And it was like real fucking, you know, when the sun is like, Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Type the heat. So, um, so we wrote in that all fucking day, like, I, so the fact, Fuck that part, you know, as a bodybuilder, you pay an attention to all these things that other people don't pay attention to. So I took a leak when I left the gym. And it's an hour drive. I get there. And I wrote for three hours. I just, I drank over a gallon of water. Like over four liters, like almost five liters of water. Could I, well, I blew it because I had a couple of diet pops and I had a gay to raid. And, but I drank like fuck, like, five almost five liters of, of fluid. Didn't piss once. And it five o'clock. I got through a dry t-shirt on and put a towel down because I soaked. And I got in and I started driving away and they kind of pulled down this alley. And I thought fuck, I better take a piss because I got like an hour drive home. Right. So I didn't even really have to piss that bad. I made myself piss. And it was fucking orange. It's not even yellow. Orange. It's not even yellow. It's like one step closer to red. You know, I was like, how do regular people, like, because I saw guys, there were guys there that, like, I didn't really see them drink anything. Right. You know what I mean? Like sipping on a drink or whatever. You know what I mean? Like, I got a drink on my own. I was like, I was, I was, I was a guzzling water. Like go through the go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go. You know, you tip the jug up and just hear it rip. Just boom. You know? So it was, it was, it was, it was a lot of fun. But it was really hard. And I had to flex my mental muscles of controlling my state because I got there. And as soon as I got there, I got a flat tire. I did one trick, my foot on the flat. Oh, man. And I was like, fuck. And I was already stressed out about the heat. I was at kind of concerned. Like, I was like, fuck, I have to go to this because it's going to be fun. But I'm really concerned the heat's going to just fucking kill me. So right away, I'm kind of anxious about how hot it's going to be. And then I get a flat tire. So I had to load my bike, drive to the bike store, get a new tube, fucking fix it. I had my tools with me because it's standard procedures. You always take your tools. Naturally. And, and through a new tube on through the wheel on boom boom, always have extra break cables and bullshit like that. So back at the spot, the guys were actually impressed. I was gone for less than 30 minutes. I was gone for a little bit of a time. I was going to get a little bit of a little bit of a time. I was gone for less than 30 minutes. I was gone for like 23 minutes or something. And they were like, oh, fuck you. I need to be back on your bike. Boom. But I was a little anxious because I was like irritated. Yeah. Right. And they kind of had two spots. They had like the jam circle where everyone's riding, taking turns. And then they had like some couple guys over on the side that are just like riding on their own. Just like not waiting for anybody to just rip, you know, have a little spot of their own. And so I was over there trying to warm up. Right. And I'd go over to the jam circle and I try to do something. I couldn't fucking pull anything. I was getting super frustrated because that's where they were filming. And I was like, fuck, I'm going to get the thing. Yeah. Right. You want to get in the video, right? And so I kept going back over there and I'd pull stuff over on the warm-up side. But then when I come over to the jam circle, I couldn't pull anything. And I was like, fuck. And the heat was just getting to me. And I was starting to worry like, oh, I'm going to start to lose too many electrolytes. And my performance will dip. Like, I was starting to like mathematically calculate how much sodium's left in my body. And I didn't bring enough salt. I should have brought some salt. What was I thinking? I just brought like a couple of gateries. I saw like, bro, I just brought tons of water. You know? So anyways, then finally, like two hours after I got there, I finally pulled some stuff on camera. And then the last hour was like super fine because then I was like, pull and stuff. And then I left and right because I was relaxed. Nice. But I had to like handle my, I keep thinking about outside of what I'm doing, aside from what it is. It's you have to manage your emotions in a different way than training. Like in training, you want to turn the, the anxiety can be a little higher. And then you can turn the rage up a little bit. You can, you know, you can pressure it. You know, like sometimes that's if you're going to put 500 pounds on your back, maybe a little bit shaky. It's a good thing to be, you know, spot that spot and go, you know. But you can't do that on that bike. You have to find, you have to find that hum, like you have to like find that spot. It's, it's tricky. And it's, I could see that it's like a skill. But I can also, I'm also starting to think like how else can it be valuable to me. And I can say that it's like a skill. But I can also, I'm also starting to think like how else can it be valuable to me. Like if I took all the things I learned from bodybuilding and I applied that and it helps you do things. What about these skills? How can that also help me in my life? You know, so we try to like, I don't know. I try to think like that when you notice that you're doing something. You know, so you kind of notice what your subconscious is doing. You're like, oh, I don't know. I don't know. Anyways, I thought that was interesting. I know people message me all the time about their hobbies and how, how they're doing. How, how their hobbies, you know, help them and calm them down and make them live in the moment like you were saying with this a guy's. How when you're at the cigar place, you're just at the cigar place and you're, you find that you're not engaging with the outside world. Right. You know, so, I don't know. So it's sort of sort of how it is. You just got to really regulate yourself. I'm be curious if you're approached to, um, music, allters over time as you get into those things because I think about like, you know, the power of music we talk about when when you're going into the gym, it's okay to be raging out. You know, that's almost being overly, let's go. You know what I mean? Right. Right. It almost seems like you might want to kick it back a little bit before you get to the flat land area into something that you just kind of, or, you know what I mean? So they're definitely the tunes mix up, but they're still like, I let still listen to a lot of heavy stuff when I ride. Right. The tunes do mix up more. There's more variety. I tend to listen to playlists more when I ride, whereas when I train, I'll put a certain album on. And listen to like, listen to music that way. But when I'm riding, I like, and also too, I don't have control of the music. At a certain thing like jam, like my buddy Francois had a speaker running, and music was changing. I mean, we were everywhere, we were there for hours, right? So the music was changing, like it was like 80s new wave for a while. And then it was like, you know, techno for a while, like light sort of transient moody, I guess, like, not super hyper techno, but like, you know, like on beyond some music for a little while, it was kind of chilled out. And then there was some punk rock playing for a while, you know, and then a 90s playlist with a bunch of Nirvana and Pearl Jam on it and stuff. So it was like, oh, it's a good new trick, so that's what I was thinking. Right. The music is, it's cool because it's part of like, you know, like, you guys have to remember, I don't leave my fucking house. So I go to something like that, and it's like a major social gathering for me. Yeah. Around strangers. Like, aren't body builders. Right. Don't give a fuck about my gym or like, you even know any, like, I'm just some weird looking dude, like, that guy's big for his bike. They might not even know what an I can be pro is. Yeah. Yeah. And then you know what a pro is. Fuck, right? So like, that's big for me to step out of my like bubble house. And I live. Yeah. Yeah. Because my disink at the condo at the gym and at this, the grocery store. Everyone knows me as the body builder gym guy. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And that's like 90% of my life. So I go to like an event. It's like a really big deal. Like I was like, you know, Emily was laughing at me because she's like, you know, this is a big deal for you. You're like stepping out of your bubble. That was wondering why she texted me that she was so proud of you. And I was all said, I'm so proud of her. I'm so proud of her. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'm hoping that it looks awesome because apparently it did. But I had a fucking great crash. Yeah. In the in the jam circle and front everybody. And I think they got it on video. So he's looking through the video. I already emailed him because he he's like, oh, Cindy, you're clips when I get your clips. And I said, oh, if it might, if that crash that I had is in there, can you also want that to me? So I'm hoping it looks awesome. It might, if it looks lame, I just won't show anybody. But if it looks cool, I'll post it. Yep. So yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You know what I mean? Everyone went, oh. I got right back up. So it was like, I guess I was okay. But look good. Yeah. Yeah. You're hot. You're the injury later. Yeah. Yeah. What did you just go? I went shooting yesterday and some rounds. Sense. Yeah. Sense. And my friend Alex, he he's a competitive shooter. He's been trying to get me to go out for a competition. Now keep in mind. I've never even run like a practice round. Where they compete. I've been there once, but just to watch and see how it was done and kind of understand the rules and all that. So next weekend, I don't have any podcasts to record on the weekend. And he wants me to come out. So I'm considering going out and jumping in this match and trying it out. And I picked up, I picked up this check this magazine out, Dusty. I already showed around 32 rounds of goodness. Just boom. It's nice. Look at this. Hang on the bottom. I love it. Is it taller than it is long? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's a little bit. Yeah. That's always such a badass look that reminds me of the old, you know, when there was that phase in the 80s where the bad guys all had oozys. Oh, yeah. It's like that. Isn't it? Yeah. You know, a single hand oozys with like the long, you know, and clip hanging down. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. Exactly. Yeah. So that's good. I think that's good. Okay. What do you think you can do? What do you mean? Like, because, well, yeah, like, like, I don't know if you're going to step into that circle. What's kind of, are you, you think you might, are you sensing you might get really competitive? Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You know what I mean? If I'm going to, I don't think the first time. The first time just like bodybuilding, you're just happy to be there. You know what I mean? You're happy to, you're happy to be there. You're happy to get on stage. And, and I think that if I go, I'm going to have no expectations because I've literally never done this before, not even in a practice match. So if I go, which I'm highly debating, it's a drive. You've got to stop saying, if we need to commit it. Here's the thing. It's a drive. My weekends are usually my biggest part of the week for check-in. So I've got a lot of responsibilities to attend to too. If I can't win, no one can get your ears. Go do the thing. Take a client. I just don't need to take it. It's hours later. It's fine. You're going to be like, Scott, we need to know what happens. Yeah. So anyway, though, but yeah, if I, if I go to it, I'll just have fun. I'll go to have fun this time around. But I've got everything I need. I've got my belt and my outside of the waistband holster. And I'm, I'm pretty practiced at drawing. So I'm comfortable with all that, but I haven't actually sent rounds at a match. It's time. It's time. It's time. It's time. So listen, you got to be competitive if you go because your clients are putting it on the line for you. You have to go in this wind when you like this. I'm just rolling this shit right up. Yeah. I've got a question. I've got a gun, a gun range etiquette question. Yeah. Okay. So I mean, I've only been to the range. I mean, I went to the battlefield thing and Vegas. That's different though. They're like handing you guns and you're shooting them, right? Yeah. But I've only been to like a real indoor range. Like a couple of times in my life. So what, if you're the type of guy that competes and you do like the speed draw thing. Right? Like, you know, you know, boom, boom, you know. Yeah. Is that frowned upon to just go to a range of just practice that? Or is that, yeah. Can you stand there? So most ranges will have signs and rules that say you can't draw from the holster. Yeah. You can't do a lot of stuff. The place, I go to, I have a couple of different ranges. If you have a section for that or no, generally not. And I go to a few different ranges and one of them that I go to, They let me do that. And if there's other people shooting, a lot of times I'll go first thing in the morning. And there's no one there. But if there's other people shooting, they have two ranges. And one of them they use for classes and stuff. They let me shoot on that range. Because like, you know, I'm in there all the time. They know me. I'm friendly to them. And they know that I know what I'm doing. So they do let me draw from the holster. So I usually practice that once a week for one hour. And then I go to the other range. And that's where I just kind of like tear loose and shoot the rifle and shoot everything else. But yeah, then I use like an art, a timer. So it beeps. And then from the beep, then you draw. And it counts your shots and how quick it took. So then I can I can try to time myself and then you're up against the clock. So you can try to go faster. And they use that same timer at the matches. So you have to prepare the timer goes off. And then it, you know, you can measure like your splits and all that too. So once you have that timer, that's where you start getting competitive with yourself. But yeah, most people, they don't want you to draw from the holster. Because you're going to put a hole through the floor through your foot. Oh yeah. Through their equipment, you know. So yeah. And they don't want me to do that around other people because they don't want other people to be like, Oh, I'm going to try that too, you know. Right. So so do you just show up at one of these things and you just check a box like novice expert. Now you just pick give them money. I think and just do it, you know, you just. Yeah, these are like men versus women. No, no, no, but they do have a, they do have like what all the more. Yeah. What all be in is called carry optics. So this is like pretty much a standard clock 45, but I have the optic on it. Now if I were to use the decado, which is upstairs, that has a bull barrel. So it's like an open division gun. So the guys in the open division, they're like smoking fast. But I would shoot in carry optics to start. How many different classes are there? I don't even know. There's a bunch. There's like the rim fire class. There's somebody watching right now is into competitive shooting. They're like, they're rattling it off at the screen, but there's. There's probably like five. There's probably like about five. Have you think there's a lot of games? Yeah, Scott. Not shooting world. Not yet, but it's it's early. I wanted to do a shooting podcast, Dusty. You know, in my spare time. In my spare time. In my spare time. That's the problem. You got so much spare time. I saw you stop the 24 minutes yesterday. All right. I got to congratulate Dusty on the house. It's looking good. You sent me all those videos every day. It's fantastic. It's cranking. It's starting to come alive. You know, when you walk in and I'm like, It's starting to look like an actual house in here. Because, you know, the windows go in and Scott, but they don't like put the. And the sheen is around them. Okay. And I realize how much that change. They're like the crown molding and stuff like that. So it's getting. Yeah, it's going to be a great house. No. You're cabinets going in this week. Skitton. What's the estimated time? Like how much longer do you have to wait? Well, I mean, the estimation we bought was October. But they did put a buffer in there. So I'm hoping it's. At least early October. I know. It's all good. But I mean, obviously. I'm ready to get in there and get set up. You know, so it's it's one of those things where every. Every Sunday, it's go take a peek and see where it's at. And, you know, it's coming along. So the thing that's going to be the only thing I'm not ready for is you start adding up just the basics of the things I need to do like like, oh window coverings, right? 10,000. Oh yeah. You don't even. So there's going to be a quick like 30, 35 that goes out the door as soon as I get there. So that's that part sucks. What's the timeline on that? On eight weeksish eight weeksish. Okay. Yeah. So. Quick. The reason that matters is because then the the spare room is in and then I can start hammering Ron to get down here. Yes. He's on he's on the the other podcast just like that more off the races. See, it's a I've never been there. I'd be cool. I've never been there. You might first. It's not extremely sunny. It's not extremely hot. It's perfect for you. You're probably correct. Let's plan to head. Well, it's going to be, well, it's going to be like, what October is October to January. I mean, it's going to be perfect. You'll be right at home. My name's the rain. Okay. Okay. Yeah. I'm a rain. It rains like a day's view. It rains like an apocalyptic movie here for like five months. Yes. So, you know, when you said not wash his old his old Cherokee because the rain would wash it for him. Yeah. Yeah. He was like, he gets washed every day. He gets washed like every 36 hours he gets a rinse. Yeah. It's perfect. It's perfect. I'm pretty sure the new one gets a little superior touch. Then that's the hook is it's the first time. Ron bought a pretty much new vehicle in like 10 to 12 years. Yeah. I would definitely take care of a pleasant white. So I like the. Yeah. Yeah. You know, it's a little motivation. But I need the inside detailed. I need to get someone to like vacuum the shit out of it and tidy it up. Dusty would probably be very upset with me. It's not bad. There's no garbage laying around or anything. But he would be very like, oh. It's got to be. You know, but you're I like the ins. You know, though, I still like to get the detail done because there's certain things like you need the special vacuum to like get in an area that you just can't get. Yeah. Oh, they got those little tiny brushes around the gears and the dash. They do that stuff. Yeah. There's this company that we call and they just like come to the jam and do your car in the parking lot. Nice. Yeah. That was awesome. That's the way you go. So yeah. Okay. Who's got to start with questions? Let's see. Well, I've got some good ones. You know, I think that huge question box the other day that went nuts. Yeah. That one was good. But these are from today. I do some. So here's a good one. Let's start this up with some. The matters. Okay. I'm going to do it with a few or pre-mo. You have to fuck one Mary one and kill one. Go. Oh, God. Okay. I'm going to marry EQ. Of course. I'm going to fuck trend. The while lady that trends going to fuck you back. Yeah. That's a terrible, but I wish for her without one. Yeah. And I'm going to kill pre-mo. Okay. All right. All right. Scott. I'm on the exact same page. Although, I think we're going to develop some haters from this conversation. Because. So check, drop. Yeah. For you know, is like everybody's loving pre-mo right now. Like pre-mo is like the hottest thing everybody's like, oh, yeah. I like to take a lot of pre-mo blah blah blah. And you don't need to. Yeah. I isn't. It's the best drug ever. So. I don't take it. But anything. I'm with you though. And I'm not. I never really was a big pre-mo fan. In fact, I would say that it's one of the few things that I actually got a lot of hair loss from which kept me from really getting to involved with it. And I find two with clients that they don't really, especially experienced clients. They're going from like guys that have been running DACA and EQ and trend. And they're like, oh, I'm going to run a little pre-mo cycle. And it's like they don't. It's not as strong either for them. So. Yeah. You got to dump the dose of pre-mo's got to be like, you know, you do three. You know, you do three hundred trend. You're like, we're good. Yeah. Pretty much you're, you're, so to get that same feel, that's 700. You know, just is. So yeah, I like the vote. I'm going to stick with you guys on that one. Because you can't marry trend. You just can't. No. You know, trends are wild women. I've. I've. So do you totally agree with his dusty? I do. I definitely agree with that. But I had to add a little gem for you guys. So I'm talking about buddy Dan on the other day. And he's explaining that he's dating the scroll this back in the day. And it's the first time that she's going to, she's at his house when you take a shot. So he's like, don't worry. It's no big deal. Whatever. And he takes a shot. He's got trend. He says the worst trend. This is a viral. Don't worry. She's a great time. Go in down on the ground. Go off. She does. She's good. I fucking died. Who's that like, Dale? It's just trend. It's always happened. It was like, you know, because he totally goes, Yeah, it's been so smooth. So I was like, I hear it is. Of course he nails it. And you know, she married him. So there you go. She encouraged me to say, can this fucking risk, risk taken maniac? Do you imagine if you didn't know and you just watched this happen is the. Yeah. I know. It's great. And it's a same word. You would have to like, you would have to call me too. So you'd have to be going through this end Explain at the same time. You're basically happy. You're just bad luck, bitch. You know, I never did like, you know, take your shots around your girlfriend thing. Like, that was just like, I don't know. Just never did that. And then I'd meet the odd guy. I need to be like, those are your girlfriend give you your shots. Yeah. From like, no. And they're like, oh, I've never given myself a shot. I met a guy who's like, I've never given myself a shot. I've talked to people like that before. Yeah. I rarely do my own. Yeah. Oh, right. But you could put on a training process when they come in. I'm like, I'm like, been like, you're already a whole bunch of a shunner. I'm not okay. We just rotate through it and they become a nurse before I'm done. There you go. You know, goodness, dusty. That's some point. At some point, you're going to try to become a nurse. Right. It's just, you know, I mean, this is a way it works. I can't help myself. You need them. You need them to know first aid in case you rip your soft. Exactly. Exactly. To make sure I don't go to the gym to train back with Tommy. Go to the hospital after you. Yes. Exactly. There's an order. What a parent. Who knew? All right. You're up. Okay. Uh, t t t t t t t. Okay. So how do you know when it's time to change an exercise out when doing progressive lifting? I've had a couple workouts where my numbers went down, but then they came back up and continued to progress. How do I know when to change the exercises out? The caveat that he threw in there. See, I guess this is where it's tricky to me is if you're truly there mentally, and locked in and everything's in place. And your, your is obsessive is, as I was and when I was really into it was, you know everything was right. Fluids were right. So it was right. The moment I stopped progressing like if I had max three times a row that I didn't see progression that was done. Yeah. Yeah. It would be so I'm going to say. Probably too. Right. So if you're saying doing like incline barbell presses your main chest exercise and it's been progressing. And you have say two workouts where you hit it and it doesn't progress or goes down. You'd be like, okay, it's time to. Well, particularly for me because you got to remember the type of training I did. The movement was only hit every third workout. So if so at the same time, you got to understand the other workouts that are main, you know, chest movement was for so what's special when those were super grassing. It's a quick sign. Okay. This one twice wrote in progress. This one's done. Right. You know what? Yeah. So I guess if all of these starting exercises, let's say every starting exercise goes down. Like like cruise back. Yeah. That's that's not it's time to stop pressing for overload because your body's telling something. Right. Okay. You know, when we talked to Jamie and he was talking about, you know, doing higher volume for a while. It, it, one thing I thought of afterward is we've talked about it all before. Your body can handle anything for a while. Yep. Yeah. You know, so there's, there's, you know, a lot of people say, well, what's the ideal amount of this or that? Well, it all just, that's what it all just comes back to it all just depends. Like how long you're planning on doing this for. And you can train twice a day, six days a week for a while. You know, you can manage it. So, but it just depends on if you're able to recognize all the, the other stuff that you have to monitor to continue to make progress. You know, so, you know, that's what just a lot of it comes back to is monitoring, like being aware of like, like, like, does he said if just is in Kleinbarbel went down, but the other chest stuff went up. That's a whole different story. Yeah. You know, to my soul. Okay. Absolutely. All right. I actually got a good one for you guys. Um, it was written obviously for me with hockey, but I'd like to hear your guys as any memory that really stands out when you think about back in the day like for you run, you know, putting the pads on before football, stuff like that. Um, you know, like he wrote a big win, big hit, brawl. What glory days memories you have that stand out. Yeah, football was pretty fun. Football was pretty fun. I didn't take football seriously at all, which is kind of why it was fun. Like I knew I wasn't going to go on with football. I had the opportunity, like my coaches were trying to talk me into going to the, for the University of Alberta because the U of A was interested if I wanted to go to a university, but I didn't want to go to college out of high school. I was like, I am fucking, I'm not interested in that right now. And I was always so focused on being a bodybuilder. I was just going to do something else and start a business and I had all these weird ideas, this funny. But football was just fun. And I played with a great bunch of guys. And I have a bunch of like glory days memories from that. I was a linebacker. So we got to hit people, you know, whoever has ball, kill the guys ball, right? Yeah. You know, and it's fucking blitzing and on the quarterback and getting like awesome sacks, where he's fucking here all the air come out of his chest. You know, like, that a bunch of those good moments, you know, we want a championship. And we had a brutal loss in the championship game. And then we had to live with it the whole year. And we got to play that same team again the next year in the finals and we beat him. And so I got to experience that whole, like, you know, dynamic that of like losing and having to deal with it all year and feeling like fuck, you know, we could have won that game. And then the next year having a chance for redemption. And I always thought that that was like really awesome experience that I got to have because of football. Because a lot of people play a team sport, but maybe their team never wins a championship, right? Right. So, you know, it's just like, it's not like a super bowl or anything, but you know, it was like, we won our league, you know, it's pretty cool. You know, we have some fun. I want most outstanding linebacker of the league award. So, you know, so I was like, you know, number one linebacker in the league. Apparently that last year we played. So that was pretty cool. And, you know, it was a lot of fun, man. But I just remember like we were savage. We were rough kids, man. Like, and that football was a different game back then. Like the way we talked, like we would put Metallica Killamol to put the album on. It would just fucking crank it, right? And it's like seeking destroy and, you know, motorbath and forehorse men and just fucking blasting. And we would be screaming at each other in the locker rooms. My fucking kill is fucking guys. Like we were just like we were so hyped up. We'd all watched the program a million times. So we were so much a good movie. And we came from that generation. We'd put our helmets on before and we'd like grab like a bro hug and we'd smash our helmets together. Bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang. It's a spank you for that now. That's a pressure protocol. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. No, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. We would do that on the sidelines. All the team captains would get together. We'd like that fucking go and we'd smash our helmets together. And we'd just be super hyped up. I'd tape my jersey up behind. So my arms would be hanging out all vain and shit because I had like pretty good pipes in high school. So I would take my jersey up and all the linebackers and linemen all had black visors. So we all looked like and we were that really big like we had the biggest defense in our league. We had the biggest school. So we had all these farm kids. And we had like nobody on the defense. Even our safety was 205 like in high school. You know, like we had like six foot seven corners. Like we were just killer defense, you know. And so it was fun man. We got to crush people and I got a lot of sacks. We got a couple interceptions, you know. It goes fun. Yeah, I loved football. It was fun, but I didn't take it seriously at all and I had no desire to continue to play. Mm-hmm. Let's go. I was just got to do a plane or anything like that that, the time. Bring the memories. Man, you know what? I feel like I got I have two answers. And I would say one of my glory days would be like nothing to do with sports. But like after so I went to art school and then I got hired by a company called the Sanofay Photo Workshops. And there were there were these classes that were being taught by these photographers were like the best people in the world. And so I was a courses assistant. And so like there was this guy, a John Paul Kappenagra who was really well known photographer at the time. And I'm sure he still is. I don't follow the industry as much anymore. But I remember I did a book report or not a book report. I had to do like an oral report on him and you know, talk about his work and stuff. We had to pick a photographer in school and fast forward now to me working for the workshops. I remember like being in my van with tech support people with me. There's a girl that was with Apple and then somebody from the workshops and racing like 90 miles an hour to get to this place in northern New Mexico where we were meeting John Paul Kappenagra that morning to do this photo shoot. And it was like a really cool learning experience and this is like somebody that I really looked up to. Because like I said it was a guy I picked to do a report on like just a year previous, you know. Now now I work for him and with him and we're you know just like the most cutting edge equipment was being supplied to us by can and by Apple. So and we're talking like cameras that have these digital backs that were like 25,000 dollars a piece and you know it was it was a cool experience and to think like that I was like part of that to me. That was kind of like a glory day, but at the same time like that stuff doesn't mean a lot to me anymore. So I honestly feel like it's cheesy as it sounds. I feel like I'm kind of a late bloom when I feel like I'm living in my glory days now. Like this is to me the coolest thing that I get to do is hang out with you guys do this work with clients that are reaching their goals in bodybuilding. Like this. Yeah, basically like it to live the exact life that I want to live married. Like a perfect partner for me. And it's like this is this is my glory day. So those are my two answers I guess. Right. Well that's that's the best way to look at it. I mean ultimately that's that's why I you know the you know I've done a lot of dumb shit too, but I would change anything. Yeah, I just I don't want to change anything because I like where I am so much you know it's been great. So but yeah, that's that's sort of how I feel too you know like you got it. I mean both both you guys do you know you have to really feel like I quite often feel like I got really lucky in high school. Like you know as you get older and you just get to know people better you realize like a lot of people have fucking hated high school. And I was like pretty lucky man it was like it was crazy and pretty easy man and like you know I got along with everybody and played football and had some fun and didn't you know blah blah blah. You know and so I always feel like I got a little lucky there like you know. For sure. You know because that's that's one that like I wouldn't want to like have have sucked. I kind of shit you know. Yeah. I think it's like a 50 50 thing you know. For me I think you know when I think of the the throwback glory days it wasn't. I had a lot of success in the game. But the parts that I remember looking back on I moved out of my house when I was 16 to go play juniors and I had a basement apartment and. So did so we had on on that team. I want to say seven underage players. So that means in juniors it's like you know 18 is where you start playing in juniors and we were 16. And so the seven of us all lived at different houses but we all went to the same high school. And we were just around each other 24 seven. It was like all we did was like hang out. It was getting in trouble getting in fights on and off the ice just you know every possible thing you could do. Doing a lot more fun outside of schools we really attend to class a whole lot. But I mean though the those memories were huge and one piece that was awesome was the very first season we went there. There was a high school hockey team that that they had. And we all went to the same high school. So we were of age and could play and it was it was funny because it was completely unfair. Obviously. But to give you an idea we we want every game we never went to a single practice. We want every single game of the season and then during Christmas break we all went home. But one of our guys lived there. And that game we only won seven to three because he only scored seven goals. That's fun. It was one of those deals and we so we won the state championship by like nine goals. And you know they actually banned us from playing the next year. Which was also kind of cold. You know. That's what was fun because we I mean it was. It was fun because like you said Ron like we weren't we weren't taking seriously like we had a thing during the games. We were trying to get the goalie and assist. So we would always like we take possession of the puck in their end and then skate it back. And we give it to our goalie because he played for us also. He passed to one guy and you can only make one more pass before we get score. So the Nick get in assist the goalie. You know so that was kind of one of our little games. But it was just like great times looking back. And the amount of just. It's it you can't live the way I did back then. Like I think about like I tell Nick you all the time like so when I was 16. I loaded up my truck. And this is before like great cell phone reception stuff. And I just drove to Utah 12 hours by myself when I was like. So yeah. Yeah yeah. And I was like I got there that night. I'm like I'm here and I'm like okay whatever. It's not bothering us. It's like. No it's like. They're just kids couldn't do that now. Yeah. So I child abuse. I got a question here that ties right into that. It's when was the most relaxed and irresponsible period of your life. Today. And I guess. And I don't know if they mean irresponsible in a bad way. Because or if it because it the questions actually written like maybe it's not the first language. So there mean like most relaxed and least responsibility or maybe it means irresponsible like you're just being an idiot. But relax, carefree. I sort of thinking means they mean that was definitely for me. Without rush. I mean like I had a rule because I lived in Utah like I'd go to if I if I opted to go to school in the morning. If I slipped on ice like going and not fall just slipped as like it's time to get back and I'm going to go home. I just this not a good start. It's not a good start. You know between that and then actually got twice ended up in handcuffs when I lived there. For just you know when you make decisions when you're a kid where somebody just can't believe it possibly could be that dumb. You know. Yeah. I had a situation where it was after a game high school game I think it was high school game and there were some kids outside waiting and they were like talking shit. But the reason they were doing it was because there was a cop like 10 feet away so obviously I wouldn't do anything. I did. Yeah. And literally I remember when the cop had me down he was like you looked at me. And then he'd punch him in the face. I was like yeah sorry about that. Yeah. It's it's a period like it's funny though because you look back and I laugh because I'm like. Could you have been more stupid? Could you have made more dumb ass decisions? Yeah. I don't know if I could have if it was the goal like I set out to be an idiot. I don't know I could have beaten my numbers back then. Right. So these are not proud stories people but yes that is the most relaxed. And and what was the word he used because it fit me perfectly. Well I think there was a lot of response. No. Yes that was it. I'd say mine was living. Probably though there was like a stretch of time where I lived in Australia. It's probably like the last six months I was there. And I was living in a beach house on Broadway, which is on the Gold Coast by surface paradise. And I was working at the strip club as a bouncinger. It was like a real nice gentleman's club so it was pretty really easy job. And cushy and there was like tons of hot naked girls there all the time. So it was like the mess. The mess. You know people see me and they'd be like hey you work at Santa Fe Gold. You're that big Canadian kid that works at Santa Fe Gold. And I'd be like yeah they'd go oh man that must be the best place to work you know. It was funny. But I remember I only worked like three four nights a week. So I had like three four days a week where I like it was trained. And then we would just smoke weed and wander around surface paradise every night. Like who just gets super fucking high. Just pull like three giant bongs. And then just go out the front door and like a block away with surface paradise. And we're walking around all the tourist spots and all the you know all the clubs and and you know go go say hi to some of our friends at work And the bars and just cruise around and grab a meal at the restaurant because everything's open to form the morning there. And it just like it was so fun and we do that like you know I wasn't drinking any booze but we do that like three times a week. Just hang out till like two in the morning and like eat pancakes and eggs at the restaurant and you know. It was just a funny time you know it's just so you know no worries in the world. So yeah that would probably it does these on mute. That was broken. His dogs yeah going nuts. Okay. So yeah that was probably it you know I've told that story before I told this story once about my buddy had this weed and I was like purple. Yeah and he's like you gotta smoke somebody else. It's asteroid weed. And he's like it's often asteroid. The man you don't expect then yeah so like he put it in the bowl. We all smoked a bomb. He was one of my roommates Tony and we all smoked a bomb and then very like five minutes later. One of my roommates is like hey let's all go to let's go let's all go out. So we all just like walk down to the pub and went into the bar and I proceeded to get lost in the bar. So it's so high. I couldn't find my way out as lost in the bar. I can walk around. It's like I can't fucking find my friends and I can't find the exit. I like can't get out of here. Oh good. And then that's when that one dormant came over to me and he's like hey you're the Canadian guy from the gym. And like yeah and he's like you need a hand getting out of here. He looks like you need a hand. Yeah I've been looking for the exit for 20 minutes. Like I tried to get out of here and he was like no problem I hope you know you can tell I was having a hard time. So yeah I'd say that. Oh does he still muted. You would have to imagine what you look like if somebody knew to walk or maybe like yeah. Yeah I can get out of here. Yeah. Hey Ron I know I know you're from the gym. You need to take care of you. Yeah. That's funny. You'll dormant code you know you see another body builder in the bar when you're a dormant. You're like oh I helped that guy out. I'll help that guy. Obviously he had some asteroid weed today. Yeah I think you're like guys I'm right. Okay. Your turn is great. We're far away. Scott. That the the the the the the the most carefree. I guess yeah. Yeah I don't know. I feel like when I was the like the summerish the the year of like when I was 16. I would say was probably the most carefree. I would say is the most carefree period. And we just did the stupidest stuff as a kid. Like we we did stuff like we figured out that you could get on top of this elementary school. And then if you got the rope from the flag pole you could swing down like tires in. And so we would do stuff like that might happen or we might steal you know those blinking lights that you see a construction sites. Yeah we might like steal all of them. Just like all of them. And then go like put him in somebody's backyard and turn them all on. And we did. We actually very funny to me. Yeah. Yeah we did some great joy out of this for some reason. That's a very simple humor. Or like sledding behind a car with a tow rope just like and I don't just mean like let's take it easy. But like see how it feels. Yeah I'm seeing it was trying to kill the person on the sled basically. Yeah exactly. Yeah. Yeah we did a lot of that stuff. There was a lot of a lot of real dumb stuff back then. But it was fun you know it was fun but yeah a lot of stuff that a lot of a lot of people were like I never did anything like that when I was a kid. And these are the these are the stories I can tell on a podcast. I like that. I like that everyone has cleaned up their stories. Chasta. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I caught like the tail end. You know I was born in 75. So like my first memories are like the very tail end of the 70s. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And I just remember like you know people ripping around know helmets on their motorbikes. People not wearing seat belts. Oh yeah. Just nothing like people riding in the back and pick up trucks all over town. That's what we used to do like that. You know like that started shit you know. Yeah. Just like. Yeah. It would it just all the stuff that people would just you know. It would just just like lose their minds. It's funny. They're looking back because I'm grateful for that time period because I think about like when I was like even as a kid like you know riding a bike like you get up in the morning and you'd like leave. For the dead. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And that was perfectly normal back then like moms wouldn't worry. They're like, oh, if he's dead, someone would call and he's injured, someone would call. You know, good to go. Oh. Yeah. You know. So I think about that now because I mean you know like we got like three six. I got these kids on lock. I know if they're I don't they hold the breath. I get on a message. Get held this breath. Who a problem. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It is wild though to think back. I'm definitely glad that we had that time period for us. Cause I needed it. Let's see here. I'm trying to get some like good shots here. So I have one. It's true. It's what music did you listen to the most this weekend. Oh. This weekend. Were you at like a music thing, dusty? Yeah. We went. I mean, yeah. It's a really cool actually. But so you'll you guys will get a kick out of this. So it's a it's a small venue. Maybe 220 people in there. No seats. You know, one of those type of places. And even a fast place song. It's very moderately past, you know, okay. And I don't know what it is about me. But I always end up next to the fucking weirdo. And I'm not like like I love people to be do the thing. I'm going to show what you look like when you do. But I'm talking about this older couple. And I mean, I'm fucking 40. So we're talking older here. And no matter what the pace of the music, the guy in his wife for dancing like this, the whole time and like leaning back into like leaning into people, moving all around. He would put his hands up in her hair from behind her and like put her hair over her face. And like it was the wildest thing. And I it was so much because I don't it's not really my music. Like the first guy had never even heard a song. I couldn't listen to him because I kept watching. And in the beginning, I was like, you know, I was in my good place. I was in like the dusty show mode. I was like, that's great. You know, people having a good time. And you know, it's the level of having fun. They're having a great time. And I'm cool. But after about three hours. Yeah, that's having enough of their good time. Yeah. And he kept leaning back into a girl that was just to left me to point that she would go like this and try not to make contact. So finally he leaned back and I just gave like a light stiff arm forward. Yeah. And he didn't react to it. It wasn't like he realized he was corrected. And so it kept happening. You know, so I was like, I'm starting to stay calm. And I'm like, I'm just going to stay here. This is this is nice music. I love John James. And finally he leaned back hard enough in a niki that I had to like grab him by the shoulder. And instead of pushing him forward, I pulled him back. That's what you had a little conversation before he could walk forward himself. And then it was fine. After the conversation. Was this like a drug thing? Do people do? No. Yeah. That's just this concept. So here's the thing. It was absolutely at eat out. They don't know how to behave. They're like, no, it wasn't to the point to give you the idea. Between. And again, this is probably when we first get there, he speaks to me. And he was weird as fuck. And I was like, I have your weird school. Then after the first man came up. He was looking big. So he came over to start rambling about how he's like, we have a glamping site. You're like, you're glamping. It's like, yeah. Glamers camping. Yeah. So he's showing me this. And I'm just trying to like give like some sort of interest. You know, like, oh, but also entering shortly. And he's hanging around too long. So I opened my emails on my phone while I was standing there. I thought that would drive home that I was done. So he gets it leaves the first man comes down. I'm standing there. We went and got a drink coming up. Santa. And he's the guy that decides to grab my arm. What are you going on here, Ron? What do you read for me so far? Because I'm getting some vibes from this guy. Well, I know a James. That's the accidently. He accidentally engaged one of these people that just becomes way too familiar. That was it was it was very odd. Because he grabbed my arm and I say you'll be fucking arms. There was a like, no he's not. He grabbed my arm and I wiped it like crazy. And then his wife, my wife was in. No, his wife was in there. So, shives in. Sorry. It's just too beautiful. And I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, it's not you don't. Just see our camp outside. You can come out here. We can't every weekend. We look. What do I have with us? Yeah, so you're just a beginning and she was like, they're like, does this happen sometimes like, oh yeah, people are fucking weird. It was my answer, you know, as kind of like trying to shoe it. So yeah, it was, I essentially had a date with these two all night. But that's true. They're credit. I think the good thing about this is, I know you guys have had these experiences. It annoyed me the whole time, but it also is the only reason I have a story from the concert. If not, it was a great show, but we're not talking about, you know, go in to see some games. I mean, they're just up on stage performing. It's nothing crazy. So I have a story now, and I will forever remember the great-haired, curly-mullet guy. Oh God. You see what I mean? When you guys go camping, when are you going to actually, I just came myself on numbers so we could just meet up on the regular. I wanted to get into a dance class. I heard that beat is optional. So, you know, I'm so glad, because I had that question. And I thought, I'm not going to ask a music question this show. You know, I wasn't really a music question, but I didn't even ask music question. And now we get this story. You just never know. You never know. I had a rough weekend of stories because, so yesterday, I take out, we go this restaurant that I've went to, the one thing about being odd looking is people remember you. Right? So I come to a restaurant the third time I went there, and the manager came out and introduced yourself. And that's a nice place, you know? So she's like, hey, you see, guys in here, I'm sorry. I'm going to do this myself yet. Great. She was awesome. The place is always awesome. So yesterday we go to dinner there, and it's us, the girls, and one of the girls boyfriend was first birthday. Took him there. Do the whole thing, you know, I ordered the menu. And as the late just comes back to my chat, she goes, okay, gratuity's on there already. I just wanted to know that. And I was like, okay, weird. All right, but whatever, it's 20% fine. It's what I would have probably given maybe a little more. Because she was pretty good. Whatever reason it started to bother me when we left. Because I was like, that's not industry standard. Did this check decide that she needed to decide what I was going to tip? Did she maybe assume I couldn't afford to tip properly? Or didn't know how? Did they have a thing rule? Like, six or more people? Well, usually it's the industry standard is eight. Okay, somewhere else, bronze, do six. We had five. Okay. So I was thrown. So it bothered me enough that when I got home, I called. Yeah. Because I was like, this is bugging me. So I called, and I was like, I called the front desk, and I just told myself, hey, this is dusty. You can, I, I talked to Samantha. What I know. You know, so she answers, and I'm like, Samantha, I've got to ask. What's the deal with your guys's gratuity there? She was, oh, five or more, and I'm like, Okay, and she goes, what happened? I said, well, we just got left there, and the lady through 20% on, and just told me, I go, it was so off the wall that it pissed me off. Because it's a weird number, and I go, and it's not on your menu. She goes, you're right. It's on the website. I go, I don't read people's websites before I get a restaurant. She's like, I should probably put that on the menu, I said, I'll be honest with you, I almost never came back if I didn't make this function. Because I was certain, because it's just a weird number, and I'm like, five people, yeah. Yeah, I'm like three people, how did your tip? You just, you just get it, because it's just about a work. So it was just one of those situations where, you know, you're like, that's weird, it doesn't bother you, and then it starts to get your head a little, like, yeah. The reason, another reason they do the big, the ad, the tip on the big checks is because quite often, like, Grandpa Joe is paying for the family dinner. Yeah. And he's going to add, he's going to add 3% and they're going to get fucked on tip and out the kitchen. Yeah. So that's the big party thing, it's four, but five people seem small. Yeah, it does. It threw me off big time plus it. What was also funny, which she knows, because I also been there enough that our waitress from last time came up to say, hello. Because we do, I tend, if you're good, I over tip because I have a big, big tip because I have friends that are in the service industry, and I understand that there are plenty of people, especially now that they've told me that are going out and tipping like 10%. Yeah. It shouldn't go out because they can't afford it. So they're just screwing the waiters with their 10. You know, so it's, it was definitely where the things are where I was like, I'm confused, but possibly offended. So we need to figure out which one it is, but yeah, it was pretty funny. I'm like, so that I could relax for the rest of the night, and I'm like, I'm like, it's good. It's just don't think I know how to do 20% Alice going out here. Wow. I know you're very sensitive about these issues, Dusty, we can see some of these very important. I feel better. Thanks for being there, guys. I know that a little bit of a risk. I know where it is. Hey, good friend doesn't try to face the problem. Is this there to listen? Exactly. That's gold. No matter how messed up I am. Yeah, okay, here's a good one actually that I'd be curious about for you. I have it twice, which is odd. This woman has a broken arm, but this person says, Axon broke lots of bones in my upper body. How many days a week can I train legs? Hmm. And I found this one tricky because usually I would say like, up to three times, but in my head I'm like, your body needs to recover broken bones. A lot of broken bones. I don't know where that because he literally said broke a lot of upper body bones. Like this is three. I'm willing to not like, I'm willing to leave a little bit to them to be responsible for. I'm willing to save three times a week. How much growth hormone? I'm assuming. Good question Scott. I'm assuming they won't be able to push that hard because they won't be able to tense their upper body really rigid. You know, they're not going to be able to grab the handles of the leg press and really fucking, you know what I mean? Like, they've got broken bones. I think I'm assuming that there might be low intensity pumping and volume stuff. Like extensions, curls. Maybe they got their arms fucked up. So they're sitting in a leg press doing a lot of sets. So I'd say they could train through times a week doing that for sure. Each muscle three times a week. So like quad's hands and calves. So they could, you know, they could make it. So they're going to the gym a lot if they wanted to just just to keep busy, you know. All right. I didn't even think about it. In my brain like three days a week, just three days. You're thinking of Dory and with his sling on, just fucking. Driving on the hammer is great press. Yeah. It's true as we know just doing to. My brain is everyone is that way. Remember we had the conversation about this 2 25 for 10. Make you strong and I'm like, fuck no. He's got, he's got Leroy holding him down and the leg. Extension. When he's three weeks out from the Olympia. So you could get all himself. Because his bicep hurts. Yeah. That's funny. It's shit. You know. It just goes, yeah. And it just goes back to the important stuff, you know. Training hard. To the very hard. So do you have a finisher question wrong? One shot. It goes up this episode of Dusty Crying on your bench. Damn. Well, I can't even, I know it sounds like like a question. I'm just pulling out of my ass. But I did get what is the secret to happiness in your opinion. Do you even show it to you? Wow. Wow. The secret of happiness. Well, it sounds to me like asteroid weed. Yeah. Astroid weed and no financial responsibilities. It's a combo. Yeah. It's a combo. It's a combo. It's a combo. It's a combo. Yeah. Because having a lot of financial responsibilities doesn't go well with smoking asteroid weed every day. You can get a blast in a bar that's square. It's true. Yeah. It's a younger man's ball. It's a younger man's happiness. Yes. Yes. Oh, man. Yes. That was a, that was 20, 20. It was 19, 20 year old me. Like just crazy. Oh, it's good shit. Crazy times. Crazy times. Yeah. So it's a, the, the, the true answer to that, which no one is going to like, but I really think is financial Freedom. Because everything else is easier if you haven't put yourself in a, now you can be rich and not be financially free because you fucked yourself by buying a bunch of dumbass shit. I really do find that when you're smarter like Jamie was saying when you're smarter with your money, then enjoying the things that actually matter is a lot easier without those stresses. Like, you know, I hate those things like, well, money doesn't buy it. I'm not saying it does, but I will say debt up to your eyeballs will definitely fuck you. Yeah. Yeah. Change your life for the worse. Yeah. You'd be extremely happy making 35,000 a year with the right debt to income ratio. That's all I'm saying. It's not about money. Yeah. Yeah. There's that interesting study that I think we mentioned on the show before. And I mean, obviously because of inflation, the numbers getting scared. Yeah. But the original study, which was all, was done within the last 10 years. And they found that they converted the, you know, the numbers and it was, it was, and all, all Western countries, all different languages, all different cultures. But it was around $68,000 a year income after that. People didn't necessarily get happier. So they're happiness increased up to 68k a year, which at that time was probably like the median or the, you know, the average income required to not, you know, for the average American to blah, you know, be stress free or something like that. And so once you hit that number, your happiness was technically like pretty good relative to your, it was kind of interesting. How it like was definitely tied to it until a certain amount. And then it seemed to become untethered. Right. So, you know, I do, I do think a lot of that goes coming from what I was saying though, because as you people have a bad habit of as they get more financially successful, they set themselves up with the golden handcuffs. And yeah, I used to call it that when I have employees, I'd give them a raise and then they go buy a car. And I'm like, hmm, you're right back where you were, you know, right, and you enjoy the car. Also they're not going to quit. You know, that's, I love it. That's why that's why it's called golden handcuffs for real is because you're stuck. Yeah, you know, and that's something that's, it's, it's tickle because I could see that. Like, because if you go from 68,000 to 98,000, most people spend a lot more money. Right. Like consistently. So they're, like you said, there, there comfort actually doesn't change or gets worse. You know, because you, you, I learned this the hard way. You, you were smart in the mean run, but like I budgeted really, really well when I was broke. And then once I made just decent money, I stopped budgeting and then after years of having nothing to show for making money, I realized because I just wasted more because I didn't have to budget me more. Yeah. You just did dumb ass shit. Like drink Starbucks twice a day, and the four bucks are a couple coffee. You know, like, I mean, I did that for years. And then one day, like, I have a fucking more, awesome. Right. I just drank a house. Exactly. You know, that's $240 a month, basically. That's a lot of Starbucks. Yeah. Yeah. Well, they were doing, they weren't doing too well at the time. I was there just trying to help out. You know, I'm here to help the world. If everybody did that, they were staying with you. You know, train. Oh, too soon. Ah. It's down with whatever my coffee shop needs me to do to support them. Yeah. When I worked for seven up, and I decided to coach full time, I started planning that. So it was like around around like, like five months out four months out. I was like, okay, I'm going to quit. And I'm going to quit before things get really crazy at Christmas. Because Christmas time was the worst. Yeah. For like the sort of industry. So, and it was a nice feeling because I ramped clients up. And I was making just as much money from coaching as I was at my day job. And I just did that for like six months straight. And I remember that feeling because I didn't have to like rely on that job anymore. So when they were telling me like, hey, you know, we really need you to do this. You know, and I know it's going to be after, you know, you normally would be leaving. I just like be like, well, actually, I have this other thing, you know, I'm either job I have to do. I need to be at the gym now. You know, so I really can't stay or or on a Saturday. I'd fuck with them and they'd be like, oh, you know, we're going to need you to pick up this store. And I'd be like, is this a good time to talk about a raise? Like, I literally say shit like that. When you don't give a fuck, it's a beautiful thing. And they knew it. And I still did my job. And I did a good job at it. But like, the, you know, Saturdays, like clients are competing. And none of the higher ups would be out at the stores. So I'd be like on my phone for the first four hours, you know, like, tell me. You know, uh, E2 rice cakes, you know, looking at pictures and stuff. But uh, yeah, I remember then at Christmas time, I put in my two weeks. And they, they like literally, they did, they like begged me to stay. And I was like, yeah, you guys never did anything really for me. So, you know, nah, I got stuff I got to do. Yeah, it was a good feeling though. But I will say this. I think money is a part of it. But I think having a purpose, like having a job. Like if you don't have a purpose in life, like a, something that you need to, you feel like it's your thing to do. To me, I think that's probably the key to happiness is having that purpose. Well, it's absolutely true. It's good for sure. Yeah. Um, purpose, uh, responsibility could be another word. Yeah. You can take on a certain amount of responsibility to give yourself purpose, I guess. Yeah. How maybe I'd, I'd, word it like your purpose kind of comes because like, maybe someone or something important is depending on you. Right. You know, you know, like something that you believe in or someone you, you know, want it, need to be there for whatever their, you know, relying on you. So you've got this responsibility. And I think that stuff drives happiness, you know. Um, uh, that challenging yourself too. I mean, all this stuff that we all do, uh, uh, we're sort of all like minded people, you know, Scott's, you know, thinking of competing and shooting and dust he's taken on and you, you know, I'm just gonna like do my own podcast on the side and, you know, I'm doing these goofy, you know, like guitars and my bikes and stuff, but we all want to like pursue something. And I think you're have to have like, I don't know, I need multiple avenues of that. I like to pursue like, like, I don't have anything I don't pursue. You know, like someone said the other day they're like, oh yeah, you know, I really like, you know, I go, they were just telling me how they enjoy their summer. They're like, I usually go kayaking three times and I usually do this one hike a couple times. And I usually do this, you know, when we go camping here and maybe we'll go to the lake, we'll do this. And I was like, oh, it's like really cool that you can be in the like 10 different things. I can't do that. Right. I need to like, because you're doing, he's doing certain things once a year. Yeah. You don't doubt. I can't do anything once a year. I would be like, you know, like it has to be like twice a week. Yeah. So yeah, this is sort of, but but if you realize that about yourself and you can, you know, spend your time in the right way, you can really like find a place for your just generally I don't know. I feel like my brain chemistry is in a good spot, you know, like, I'm sure it's how I see it. Like, okay, I've got a good amount of like, dope a mean right now in serotonin and I'm structured my day relatively efficiently. I've just got to stay in this like zone sometimes how I feel, you know. That's, that's a beautiful line there. Because I do find now that you don't have the obsession with bodybuilding. Because you do everything at a high level. You don't dabbleing, but bodybuilding was an obsession. Like, yeah, everything in your life. So what's the, what's the difference you notice between those two ways of living? See, it's funny. Like, we just trained legs yesterday. And, and like, I got super anxious before my set of hacks and just fucking killed it and had, like, an awesome set. You know what I mean? So I still have this high expectation of myself in the gym to keep up with, you know, arising when I'm supposed to be. But that's part of my responsibility. I feel like I've a responsibility to myself to, you know, maintain a large amount of strength and, you know, continue to be the type of guy that can, you know, perform these things at this level or whatever. They're still important to me. So that's part of the responsibility too, you know. That's part of why I don't, you know, like, I joke about how I can miss meals now if I want, but I generally don't ever miss meals. You know, like, it's not like I do all that all the time. So, you know, I'm still very consistent with everything. And that's part of like the strict, we've talked about structure, you know, but, yeah, I don't know. All these things contribute to happiness. But I see it all as like a brain chemistry suit. You know, like, Scott, when you're shooting your gun, like when you're sending rounds and you're hitting, like, good, like you're getting good clusters and stuff, which I do, like, is like, yeah, yeah, you get like, there's like all sorts of things dopamine and all that sort of stuff going off in your brain. And, you know, those are all these reward things being triggered and, you know what I mean? And we become more aware of that as we get older. Like, I think about that all the time now. Yeah. You know what I mean? It's, uh, because I think there's a, you know, the period when you're younger, where you're just, you know, you just recklessly pursuing things that make you feel good and you don't understand why or what. And if you don't have any aim, you can fucking fire off in a million-did-miss directions to try to find, you know, satisfaction and some people wind up chasing the wrong things and all that sort of stuff, right? Sure. But we're all trying to get dopamine hits, you know? I would watch this thing the other day about, that's like one of the things, like, you know? It's one of the reasons people turn to, you know, bad ways to get dopamine hits, you know? Right. But yeah, if you just fucking, you know, I guess responsibility and money. Never hurts. Okay. That's it guys. Like, share, subscribe, comment, and ring the bell. And comment your questions for the next episode. Yeah, let's get to the YouTube questions for the next episode. You guys sent me plenty in the IG, but we like the YouTube ones because we like to give them priority. So keep that in mind. Okay. On behalf of the guys, Scott McNally, Dusty Hancho on myself, it's just bodybuilding. Thanks.