What's up guys? Welcome back to Think Big Bodybuilding Media. I'm Scott McNeillie and today I am here with Ben Pollock. He is a phenomenal power lifter who has transitioned into bodybuilding. I'm sure a lot of you guys already know him. In fact, I had a few people ask to get him on the show. So we're happy to finally get a chance to talk to you man. How you doing? Oh, pretty good. Hopefully there's no pressure. No. Now, I'll just make it a laid-back conversation. I met Ben back in the summer. You had competed at the Michigan State Championships where you then won the overall. You know, you've been great as a power lifter. I know that that's where you really came up through and strength. But in the last few years, you've transitioned to bodybuilding and to hypertrophy. You weren't a really big dude as of a few years ago. Were you? No, I competed. So most went back all my bad. I was in career. I competed either 1-8-1 or 1-8-8. Okay. And then the first two bodybuilding shows over actually classic physiques shows where I wake up was 190 for my height and I came in around 184-185 for bookshows. Okay. Now, how heavy were you when I saw you at the Michigan? I believe I was, you know, I don't know what I waited. I can't remember, but I know the day before it's 262. Okay. So that's a lot of muscle to put on. Yeah. So the day guys, we were going to talk about the transition in training from, you know, focusing on strength, focusing on hypertrophy. When you first started focusing on bodybuilding, what was that like? Because I guess the thing I see is a lot of guys who come from powerlifting, you know, they go to do a squat and they're using every muscle in their body, you know, not just the quads versus, you know, we learned to squat in bodybuilding from the quads, you know, we learned to, to deadlift, you know, trying to isolate the back and it's really the opposite, man, instead of, instead of using everything you have to get the weight from point A to point B, it's using the one thing and getting the most out of it, how did that work out for you? Like, even in your mind? That's a great question. So I'm actually starting with the mental part because that was the hardest for me. Okay. When I started, again, this was a classic critique time. I was working on John Meadows and he really emphasized the same thing. And from a mental perspective, that was very difficult for me because no matter how hard I pushed, I was only using my quads to squat her, you know, primarily using my quads to squat. I was selling myself very short in my eye because I knew, okay, I engaged the post here of your chain, if I'm braids or if I do all those things and I can lift more weight, I can push myself harder, I can do more reps where the case might be. So it's very discouraging in that sense, even though, you know, I really enjoyed seeing the changes my physique. I always, I've always enjoyed the training aspect more than anything else. And so I really didn't enjoy that process as much as I might have. I didn't like doing things now. And the whole reason I got into it to begin with was because I was just getting beat up so much in parallel things. To read me, I had to drop out of it because of injury. Now in hindsight, I realized that those injuries were caused by, but stupidly holding myself back in terms of body weight, like starving myself essentially for years on end. And then having good movement, mechanics on top of it because I was too small. I was really feeling like leverages, but that was all hindsight. So I really, really struggled with that and then I'd talk with that and perform my expectations of the shows and really had a bad experience. So after that, again, that whole time I was trying to follow the follow-up exactly what you said, you know, really working on that mind muscle connection, really trying to make sure that even on my compound movements, I was primarily or only stimulating the muscles that I was trying to work. Well, after the North American since 2019, I reached back out to my old parallelistic guy who was just an harris and, you know, he, he had told me out front and he's like, look, man, I don't think you're well suited for classic. You don't really have to have that structure, you're more of a bodybuilding structure, plus he's like to have you training, etc. etc. So I was like, look, I still don't feel like ready to return to powerlifting physically. Or mentally, I just came up still in 84. It's just still too small. But, you know, I'd like to give something else a try. And so, you know, he encouraged me to really put on a size and thanks to him, I was able to go in that short period of time from 84 to I think my peak was 270 in the off season. Really? Yeah, about 250. And you know, stay pretty neat in the whole time. So that was, that was incredible. You know, I really adjust a lot for that. Dude, okay, so hold on just a second before you go further. You're 184 to 270. That was from 2019 until your peak of bulking before you cut for the Michigan basically. Correct. That is an incredible amount of weight to have gained. And you know, I, I've talked to people about this recently, even. One of the guys who wanted to have you on the show, you know, he's thinking about getting into powerlifting's bodybuilder. He's thinking about focusing on powerlifting for a while to get stronger. I, I really have to wonder like how much of that muscle did you gain? Well, probably A because you were able to eat more, but B because you had that strength to begin with, even though you may have not been trying to lift as a powerlifting, more, that foundation. You know, that, I mean, I imagine that had to be a huge role. I would tend to agree with you and Justin Dufus, well, you know, if you said like, as far as we know, it's as the most any better as I were added a year. Yeah, I tried to, by the way, eight. But again, I was starving myself for years and years on an end. It was probably three years in a row. I was eating literally 1800 calories a day. Well, lifting several, seven hundred, eight, her pounds. So the strength that I had in Justin's words, I had basically maxed out my bio-fibreal potential for my fibrohyperrophy. Okay. I'm sure that's, you know, just pumping work. That's very quick to build up. So the bottom of the floor is surplus. And then obviously, you know, special supplements on top of that, it was very easy to, it was extremely easy. Other than the discomfort of being that large, very easy to add that, and that side's quickly. Yeah, was it a struggle for you to hold that? Because I imagine, I know a lot of guys that had just been gaining 20 pounds and they're, you know, they're huffing and coughing to go from 184 to 27. That's nearly a hundred pounds. What was that like? So the common thing I hear from guys is that you don't know if that was never a problem. I don't fucking start, man. So that was never a problem. The problem was I felt so uncomfortable because I gained so much weight so quickly. I couldn't walk upstairs. I couldn't time my shoes. I couldn't breathe or my nose still can't breathe, but I was just miserable. You know, I didn't feel like an athlete at all. And that's kind of what I was trying to get to. You know, the stance, the other question, which I would like to go back to, but yeah, it was extremely uncomfortable in terms of walking around. Yeah, right on, man. So when you, when you go from here, it sounds like you've got a lot of thoughts. I, I just want to hear what you have to say about this because this is an incredible story. Yeah. So I got up to about 27 and like I said, I was very, very uncomfortable. And I was enjoying it. I was just eating, right? After starving yourself for three or four years, you're very close to half a foot. So it was about that time I moved to Michigan originally to work with Justin. But what I ended up finding was my new coach Taylor, Taylor Gone. Okay. And, you know, he's a strong, he's better strong, man. That's his background. And he's, you know, built like a strong man where he has a ton of muscle and he's like, he all own it. He has a ton of fat too. But you know, he needs fat for his sport. So, and I say a ton of fat, you know, he's probably 21% body fat and stuff. You know, he's probably no means to be, but by body body, I'm saying, yeah. And so I'm at Taylor and Taylor's background is in Colleague, wrestling. He's worked with, you know, Kabuki Schrinth, which is a top level movement, Schrinth Coach. Extraordinary, more probably smarter skydiving up. And so what he told me was with zero body bone experience, you know, you would feel like a piece like, dude, this is just another sport. You've got to treat it the same way you're treating other, all your other sports. And the reason you can't breathe, the reason you can't move the reason you're not enjoying it is what you could be. reason is you're trying to treat it like a like a patchener or something. And that's it's not the whole point. You have to learn to move at this new size. Yeah, I needed to perform just like you would as a power lifter, but we slightly different programming. And so what Taylor had me do is really, really take a step back, relearn all my movement patterns and Schrinth's set for my death move, which I'm just kind of naturally looked at. I had to read it my squat for Schrinth. Read it my bench press for fresh. Read it the way I walk, the way I breathe, all this stuff. And as a result, I was able to start gaining Schrinth again. And I was able to train, you know, very much like a parallel trip to the point where, you know, I'd say probably 70% of my training was kind of a parallel training that I'm still doing right now where I'm perfect for a parallel training. And then we'd add in the circuit lesson before my top of that, but again, that's that's very easy. You get a pump, you know, it's not going to be huge training or recovery especially when you're eating as much as I was. And it was kind of like a fond extra session. So we were literally doing nine sessions a week together. Six of those would be, you know, typical parallel sessions. And then three would be typical bodybuilding sessions. Okay. And, you know, because of that, I was really into drop with all that work, all that volume, where I was pushing myself much harder than Jim. I enjoyed it a lot more. My Schrinth was increasing even as even up until the last until two weeks out of national. So this is after after you meant me two weeks out of national, I was still gaining strength. Okay. And, you know, I was barely eating any less. I think we dropped. It was maybe a thousand calories a day that we dropped in terms of deficit, but remember, I was eating six thousand a day to begin with. So I was eating five thousand calories a day. I was trying to lay myself off. I was still getting stronger. I was getting a meter. And it was pretty much the perfect, you know, synthesis of a powerlifting bodybuilding. And going forward, that's the only way I plan to train. You know, I'll just add a amount of high-purtry work as necessary, according to my short term goals. But I really think that the method that tailored to both for me or that we do all together is ideal for both sports because if you consider anyone else for it. Because, you know, at the end of the day, we really are, you know, movement is integral to performance. So whether you're on a powerlifting platform or you're on a bodybuilding stage, if you can't move properly, if you can't perform this quad bench deadlift, and if you can't do a front double bar, a rear double bar front light, whatever it tastes like big, you're not going to see your potential in your places. And so that was, that was the big revelation for me that really led me to a brace bodybuilding all four. Wow. Yeah, you made it. It sounds like you made it your own. It's what you did. You were trying to do somebody else's version of it. What you thought you should be doing. And I mean, I mean, from talking to you before too, it sounds like to me, I mean, powerlifting is something you love doing. It makes sense. Absolutely. Yeah. And that was what Justin said too. It's like, you know, any training system can work at the end of the day. Yes, one might be more often on the other, but ultimately, the one that you enjoy the most is the one here at Push the Heart of Saddle. When you push the heart of Saddle, so this could be the best result. So absolutely. So this that brings us, so you trained basically like, like, we'll say, traditional bodybuilding training up through the Michigan and up through nationals of 2020. Yeah. Yeah. I've been told up until the Michigan was a traditional Push the Like Split. Okay. Push the Like Split. Okay. So give me an idea. Then like what is what is this training look like this hybrid? Well, it's a little bit complicated to explain. Okay. So we break things up by excuse me. He does still kind of look at it as Push the Like Split, but we really break things up by upper and lower body in terms of strength potential. Right. So there are a variety of sort of your mind pressed, your lower body is going to be your second end. So those are kind of like four distance of strength workouts around those. We kind of build in other areas of work in hypertrophy in ways that complement the strength training. So for example, for a bench workout, we're going to start out by performing a typical bodybuilding circuit routine. That's so like a bunch of super sets essentially or trying to set. That's going to, you know, really hit all the areas that's capital. So this can be front rear side del, you know, lats and then maybe even upper peck. And that will be to failure anything. There will be an us to get a good pump. And we found that doing that actually improves our bench training. So we're not weaker after we go to the bench after that because we're keeping it light, you're kidding. Relatively low, we're able to bench you more after that. So then you move up to the bench. Friends, you hit that heavy movement for the back. And then after the heavy movement for the day, you're choosing other power lifting variations that complement your physique. So an example here would be and it's nice because typically your strength weaknesses will overlap with your aesthetic weaknesses. So for example, one of my biggest weaknesses is my arms and particular triceps. And one of my biggest weaknesses is a pattern of things to vent stress and particularly my triceps right in the mid range lockup. So what we'd have me do is hit my bench press and then as my accessory movement, I would do let's say reverse, reverse band, reverse grip vent stresses to really hammer that wall head of the tricep. And we would do those with more typical body building pattern. So a lot of bio repsets, which are some of your response sets, a lot of super sets, occasionally some some anti-imbrac higher upsets. Now when we transition a parallel thing, we drop those other, we'll keep the same accessory movements for the most part. But like for example, maybe I'll do the reverse band off pins, so more single links and pause on the chest and we'll probably drop the reps down significantly. And then, let's try the upper and lower body days. Or I'm sorry for the lower body days with those out for body building purposes, put those up into, you know, posterior emphasis and anterior emphasis. So the anterior emphasis is over your squat neck. We're going to do a typical parallel thing squat, but then your accessories are going to be quad focus so it'll be things like leg extensions, leg press, exercise, etc. And then the back nail will be posterior chain focus, so you'll be hamstring, studs, calves, and maybe some back thickness work as well. Okay, okay, I can see you've you've put a lot of thought into all this, I'm really surprised man that you're finding that you can, so you're even stronger now, you're saying training this method. Are you finding that it's adding to your power lifting? So, well, I don't want to overstate, you can keep it. I'm, yes, I'm absolutely 100% the Schroer of Cyberraband, and also 50% heavier than I was in the beginning. So if you look at what I could look at what my, you know, looks coefficient, which is basically a power delivery, which is really exactly the sum of it. If you look at that now it's going to be lower. Okay, because I haven't had enough time to, you know, kind of adjust to this new size. I really think that in the next four to six months, I will be not only stronger than it was at one age of one, at one age of one to eight training this way, but I will be confident that itε is well. So, yes, I really think this proved my my power lifting potential. And, you know, one of the goals that Taylor and I now have is encouraging more strength athletes to start getting into high-perper eat-off. Because we really see a like for both power lifting instruments, it's extraordinarily beneficial for things like injury prevention, things like loop direction, for things like body composition, which is a big factor if you're doing weight class sport. It's a really, really useful tool that I think many people neglect because it's an age or specialization, right? If you're on Instagram or a bodybuilder, you're posting your check-in photos and if you're a parallel for your posting your top sets and really care if I've got the other thing. If you want to be a better valid, it's a great one. Yeah, yeah, that makes sense to me. Hey, what's going on, guys? Thanks for watching another podcast here at Think Big Bodybuilding Media. And thank you to our great sponsor TrueNutrition.com for making this all possible. TrueNutrition.com is owned by Dante Trudeau, the creator of DC Training. You wanted to create a supplement company that offered high quality third-party test and supplements at a fair price. High quality protein powders, just about every type you could think of. Huge variety of flavors, plus health and performance supplements. Check them out TrueNutrition.com. And hey, if you use our code Advices, you directly support our podcast. Thanks, guys. Let's get back to the program. So take a movement that is going to be like one of your powerlifting movements. You mentioned bench press. Now, what are those rep ranges? Look, do you take those up at all? Are you still trying to work the way you would in triples and doubles and singles and stuff? Yeah, I would still work in triples and doubles and singles and the reason for that is if you're really keeping good movement patterns, it's extraordinarily difficult to do that for high rep sets. And that's really why you want to see powerlifting typically performing high rep sets. They do have good carryover. It's just after you pass, you know, kind of that 3-to-5 rep range work. Your techniques start to break down just because those are not super-priced or you're going to have to t-first. That is not to say I would use those movements in other areas of workout. Like so for example, let's take that air interior chain lower body workout. I'll do my top set of heavy reps of squat, right? Maybe I'll do a heavy single, maybe a back off triple. But then when I move on to my high-pursory work, you know, it's very possible that I'm doing sets of 10 or 20 of my extensions, super sets with high bar squats, really focusing on only using the squats for that. So I don't want to say that I'm only doing those rep ranges but primarily yes. Okay, okay. And all your joints, all that kind of stuff, like everything, it sounds like you're feeling good with this plan. Everything other than my racial group, which has been messed up for over 10 years now. So it's still not 100% it's getting better but you know, 10 years of chronic injuries. Okay. Yeah, what it says. So I guess you know, here's a thought. So I think of the guy I was talking to who said he was thinking about trying to get more involved with powerlifting to build the strength up. Um, if, if anybody's out there listening to what you're saying right now, how could they think about going about adding this in kind of getting a blend for themselves? Like what, what kind of advice would you give them from here? So that's a great question. So it depends on which side you're coming from. If you're coming from a powerlifting side, in my opinion, the movement aspects are harder. It's harder to learn how to engage your entire body in the lip than it is to learn how to isolate individual bus groups. That might be my bias. You know, that's just, you know, how I, how I perform, but that is my kind of, that's my philosophy. So if you are a parallel to what's that, I've heard free work to their training, all you really need to do is start with very, very high repsats. You're really getting that back to gas and build up and you can really feel whatever target muscle is working. That will help you establish the mind muscle connection. Once you've done that, then you can just add in high-purchary work as you would with a typical bodybuilding program. But I think that will work pretty well for an offseason as a starting point. If you're a bodybuilder, it's a little bit different. And I'm going to use Joe Mackeys, an example here. Joe Mackey wants to do a parallel to me, and at least that's what he told me. And you know, he has great potential. Because he can definitely have 800 pounds using a bodybuilding style technique. You know, he's, he's now trying to peek from me. And it looks to me like he's getting engaged me a little bit more of his post-year chain. But I would, if I were him, I would be, you know, kind of worried about either hurting myself or self-assaults short because I didn't take the time to really back off and learn how to use the all my muscle. Like, in conjunction or, you know, appropriately. So if you're a bodybuilder trying to go to the parallel to the side, what I would work with doing is starting with a typical linear regression program, or even a pure dyes program, if you're a more advanced bodybuilder, where if you're a be an or bodybuilder, you're just starting out every week, you're starting at five pounds to the bar. Until that stops working. And then once that stops working, and you start adjusting your repringence, you start to go from a set to ten, that sets eight to set to six. And all this time, all you're really focused on adding weight to the bar. Because I think in my experience, what you will naturally find is as you add weight to the bar and as you get down to those lower repringence, particularly under sets of eight, you will be forced to engage more of your loss of your stress to lift the weight. And that will be a way to ease yourself in. I do kind of teaching yourself. So regardless of which side you come from, I guess the one thing to have accomplished, start with very high reps and progress to lower reps. That makes total sense to me. I think, yeah, and the majority of people, at least listening to these shows, they're, we're mostly bodybuilding focused. But I guess I could see that because at the, it makes sense that would be an easy way to do it. Because otherwise, the guy I was talking to, his thought was just like, stop bodybuilding. Start going to a powerlifting gym. You know, start talking to power lifters, start going that route. Because it's almost like, to me, that almost seems like two extreme. I almost, I wouldn't want to abandon everything about bodybuilding to engage with powerlifting, especially like a guy who's already in his 30s or 40s. You know, it's like, it's, it's a lot, it's late to kind of start over completely. But with what you're saying, that seems like it could be more of a natural transition. I would tend to agree with you, I'm sure you come up with the exceptions, like the guy who has massive arms and legs, and really likes that back and chest, chest, thickness. And maybe they would benefit from a short, you know, pure powerlifting standpoint, a short powerlifting cycle. But for the vast, majority of people, I think powerlifting is going to be too torso oriented and too technical to be worthwhile as an off-season by itself. It's funny talking to you here. I can tell you are a very intelligent person. And for those, for those of you guys, he don't know, what's your Instagrams at PhD deadlift or is it okay? Yeah. So we're talking to a PhD here, and I can, I can see it now. I can see how fast your brain works. You're on that next level. So we're not just dealing with like some random, strong, dude here. You're a smart guy. I, you know, that, I wanted to ask you to. So now that you've seen both sides, you've had a ton of experience with powerlifting, you've gotten a great deal of experience, a bodybuilding, been on the national stage, you've gotten up to 270 pounds. I want to know like what's the toughest part of each sport? So I mean, I'm going to call out here because I would think that the toughest part of bodybuilding would be dieting. I'm unfortunate to have a good metabolism that's pure genetics and I don't have to diet hard. I really don't. So bodybuilding for me is is pretty easy. I have yet to find something that's hard in bodybuilding except for the mental standpoint. What I will say from that is man, it's a mind-fuck. Like trying to analyze your own physique is really, really discouraging. And I really don't enjoy that aspect of it. So for me, that's that's the hard part is being objective about my progress. From a physical standpoint, I honestly think bodybuilding is extremely easy. I mean, that's just going to be honest. I'm sure you like it. I asked off man, it would suck. And when I was trying to say 184, it sucked. Yeah, I imagine. Well, from 270, to 240, felt like a vacation. That's crazy. Yeah, so it was not that. I mean, yeah, but that's purely genetic. So I'm probably not a good person to ask from that standpoint. Yeah, the power, I think is much harder. Not again, not physically so much, but more, I'm sorry, term. It's almost like it's a balancing act. It's a much more difficult balancing act. And that you have to be able to push yourself to the limit. Just like you do a bodybuilding, but in powerlifting, you have to be pushing yourself to the limit wall-me-taining technical mastery. So it's almost like you're doing a max set of dumbbell in client presses while riding a bicycle. Right? It's a lot harder than just doing a max set of incline presses. Even though, you know, at the end of the day, you're going to build a lot more of also doing those in client presses if you're not in a bicycle. But it's harder when you're trying to keep perfect technique with maximal effort weights. Yeah, I could see that. So how long does it take to get ready for meat for you on average? These are just like some basic questions I've got here now, because like I said, I'm coming at this from a bodybuilding perspective. So I'm learning here a little. So it really depends on what my office is like. So if you're talking about right now, well, I'll give myself a full nine months because I have my power since 2018. So, you know, it's been a long break 90 times, so I kind of ride that bicycle again. Yeah. If you're talking about, hey, I came off of me. I took a lighter off season, you know, break, you know, maybe 12 to 16 weeks and now prep for me the end 60 weeks. Okay, okay, okay, I see. And you're going to tie that in with bodybuilding, right? Yeah, so my plan for this year I'm going to warm up powerlifting me hopefully in April. And the only purpose of that mean is to get back on the platform, get some of those nerves out because again, it's been three years now. Since I've done a powerlifting me. So that's the only goal for that April show. But big powerlifting show, meat will be in September, September 11th, it's the pioneer open and call the Texas. So that one I'm going to push pretty hard for, you know, my best case scenario a total about 23 10 because that would be a stand-offer named Best Evertoddle. Yeah, that would be crazy. Yeah, that's about, I want to say it's either 10 weeks before national. So from then, I will then immediately start dieting. You're ready for nationals, which I want to say is November 21st, but I can't swear to that they haven't announced it. But then national is to be the plan after that. So that'll be for this year. Depending on how those go, then all just have to, you know, let's say, let's just, I think the chances in the total pride that they get in the pro card. So let's say I hit the total, then I'll prize for an all 2022 focus on bodybuilding. If it goes the other way around, somehow I look into a pro card and it'll get the total all 2022 will be focused on powerlifting. And if neither one happens and I'll keep taking it, bit by bit. Oh yeah. Yeah, so it sounds like you're in a lucky place, metabolism-wise, that you can get into shape fast. But what will happen with your composition for the meat in September? What will you be higher body fat by the time you get there? What? Because I'm just thinking of myself from the bodybuilding perspective, you know, how hard is it going to be to go from that to nationals than in November? That's a great question. And I guess I kind of did when I said the only goal that April me was to give back on the platform. So part of the goal is to see how well am I adapting to this new size? Okay. So after my last show was the amateur Olympia late December and I'm waiting there. I want to say 240 something I can't remember, 240 or whatever. I've stayed that weight. So obviously my body composition is not as good and again, not at all as many super subtle. So that's pretty, pretty noticeable. But I've also intentionally not been eating as much as I would like because it was so different from all to move into 70. And I know it could blow up 270 like that if I eat properly, right? And I don't want to do that because I couldn't move it that size. So I want to adjust to this size first. And my plan is to do that April show at 242. See how it goes. If I, you know, if it goes 100% perfect, when I told something like a thousand kilos and I'm like, I got more of the tanks that's go, I'll just kind of stay this size and have the super subtle movements and modify my diet a little bit and we'll be a big deal at all. If it's not up that case and I feel like, okay, well, you know, this will, well, I'm very confident. I'll be adjusted to the size for that. But if I'm like, okay, there's no chance to hit 23 plus in the size, that I'm going to have to push to get a 270, right? 275, which is the weight class to try and be able to move enough weight to hit my goal. And in that case, it might be up. It might be a little bit more challenging. I died in for two weeks before the Michigan. And I had tried to glue to that show. Yeah, you did. You look like you died in for a lot longer than two weeks. I probably got some video still from that. If I do, I'll have to throw that in here because, yeah, you, you look like you had been dying for a lot longer than two weeks. You know, my, my quasi-reliber water, they kind of be the, the last area to come in for me. That will go back to the stage trace on that piece of news. But, you know, I'm very confident in the better. How fluffy I get for me. I can get shaved a technique. Sometimes, when I roll concerned about that, and I personally from a mental standpoint, we rather push hard to chore the walk and so on. Right, right, all right. Well, listen. So, you know, as a power lifter who has a lot of experience bodybuilding now, and as a thinker, I'd consider you like I said, man, you're definitely a thinking man. What can you help us with as bodybuilders from your perspective? What do you see in bodybuilding, we'll talk about like in the gym training wise, where are the things that you think that you just random people you watch day to day? Where can we improve? What mistakes do you see us making that could be benefited by making changes? You know, that's a great question. And I think you depends on kind of your experience level, right? Because I see a lot of these top guys who are cranking out very high repsets with heavy, firking weight. And for them, you know, the one thing that I would say is computer does is you're training a little bit more if you're doing the same rep range weekend and week out. But you told me before we hopped on that last week, you crushed those 125 Nobel Prizes. But then this week, you struggled with the 115's. Yes. You know, if I were to introduce, I'd be pureed by some of my training. So that this week, I would be shooting for the 130's. Even if we were significantly fewer reps, you know, like at least a mental kind of variation of my training. So from an advanced standpoint, I think the programming methodology for bodybuilding just do some plastic. This is advanced self-esteem training. That's just my own kind of bias. And then obviously you have guys like a sick-filled in, for example, who are very, very focused on cheap, right? And their top drivers are tiny ways to that extra. That's kind of a different story. But if you're one of the guys who's going for all-out-size, I really think that having that type of progression is important. So lower level bodybuilders, the guys I see who in the gym are just not progressing. They're not training-carrot enough to plan it. And I really think that's where, you know, when we go parallel thing, background from coming in, because you learn, if you got to add a way to bar your neck, push yourself harder eventually. And so I think that's a really valuable skill set that I learned from a couple of miles from just like, man, no matter how hard it hurts, you keep pushing until your body goes out. Like there's the most people of most lower to intermediate level bodybuilders, let's say, the gym, do not push harder. Yeah, I would agree with that. I feel like intensity is something that you learn over time. But yeah, it's hard to talk about intensity too. It's something it's always been a pet project of mine in the podcast to try to explain what intensity is. There's there's something to be said though about just seeing it firsthand, maybe training with somebody who has more intensity than you do. And then that light clicks on, you know what I mean? And there's also the problem that I think a lot of these people are watching a couple of guys when they start out. Yeah, and a lot of the couple of guys don't train on that hard and it's smart in their case because if you're in the top of a guy, you're not going to have that much more muscle. Big rain is not going to add 50 more pounds a month with this year, right? And so if he's training all out with heavy combat actions, the only thing he's doing is increasing his risk of injury. And if your Mr. O, increasing your risk of injury is really freaking stupid. It's good point. The adults are coming up. That's the risk they have to take if they want to add that type of muscle. And then you can take it and you can be very smart about it. I mean, I scored seven per a pound of today. And you know, I was not afraid at all of the degree because I've really gradually worked up to that if you just want the gentleman trying to do it, then yeah, you really get hurt. But at the same time, I do think there's another place where it's necessary. Yeah, I'll tell you, I've worked toward adding periodization in. I have a, I'm having a hard time with it. I'm having a hard time with things like reps and reserve. It's difficult for me. I want to be able to like, I want to be able to push to that 100% every time I train. Would you have any advice for me specifically, then, or anybody who's in my position? Because we get a lot of questions about learning how to do D loads and learning how to periodize. I think that bodybuilders are becoming more aware of it. But I think a lot of us are still figuring it out, including myself. So first, I think D loads are highly overrated. I think there is a time in place for D loads, but it's relatively rare. And if you're one of the guys just D loading every four weeks, I think that's really stupid. You should be D loading according to what your body tells you. And if that's every four weeks, that's great. But if it's every 14 weeks, every 40 weeks, that's great, too. You do not need to be D loading. You're listening to your body. No, you're mine. You use your mind. Always don't tell you to do some different things. But yeah, I really think that if you're D loading or regular schedule that's in the state, when you're D loading, you should feel like holy shit I need this. So it should not be a mental issue. You should not be worried about where you're going. Again, you just need a freakin break. Now, in terms of, okay, well, sheep, I have reps and reserve. So I'm not allowed to push all out so the strength could be really boring. I don't like the rep of a revert method. I don't like the RP method because of those reasons. You know, I want to push all out. And so the way that Taylor and I have kind of worked around that are you familiar with our, the video I posted about the plus E equals SP. I didn't say yet. No, no. Okay, cool. So we have that same issue. Right? We like to really push ourselves out of the gym. And we know if we do that, we're going to get her, we're going to fall out. We're not going to make progress, et cetera, et cetera. So we came up with kind of new scale that instead of saying, how much could you do today? The scale is based around, okay, how much could you do in six months? So you're really not focused on your current, actually, you're focused on your long-term strength potential. And so the scale looks at, okay, we call it velocity and effort. Those are not really great terms. We can take what I think better. Okay. We're looking at, okay, how heavy does this way feel? So that's just not, not thinking of how hard it is to set, how, you know, light is this way. Is this a PR? All your things that you pick up the demos, pick up the barbell, you get her machine. Right at that instant. Does this feel like, oh, shit. You know what this or does this feel like? I got this. That's, that's the first thing. That's the, that, the effort equation. And the second part of the equation is, okay, how fast am I moving this? For a parallel infrastructure is better, for a bodybuilder, slower is better. So if you're able to control that way, again, we'll use your double presses for example, if you're able to control that way all the way through the eccentric have a fast, strong, concentric, then your velocity is very high, right, which is good thing for parameters or for bodybuilders. Yeah, if you can't control it and you're, you know, you're barely able to, you know, the weight falls down and you just gotta grind it up and it's super slow, well, then it's very high. And so your strength potential is a combination of those things. Lighter the weight feels and the warrior able to control it, the higher your strength potential is. And as long as that strength potential is increasing, you know, you're getting stronger. So let's take your set of 125s again, just the example that comes to mind as easy. Yeah, but I can visualize it this way too. Okay. So you picked this up, you're like, oh, shit, this is heavy. And then you can crank out a set of 12 and they're slow, controlled, perfect. So in our scale, that's a 9. Okay. So it goes 7, it feels light and it moves controlled. 8 feels heavy when loose controls. I'm sorry, it's an 8. If it feels heavy and it moves without with less control, then it's a 9. And if it feels heavy and your strongest crap, that's a 10. Okay. So we never program 10s. But that way, you know, we have something to reserve in case of this role. Yeah. So we try to stay in that 8 range because that's really where we fell along, trying potential is going up. So you do your top set like that, right? And you're holding some of the tank, you know, if you did this crap, if you did just set slow and controlled, even if it was the failure, which can be on your arm, that you can hit failure. But if every reference slow and control, that's still an 8. And so you're still training within yourself. And you can probably progress next time. If you go past that, you go to the 9, you lose some control, but you still complete directly, and then you overreational a bit, you gotta cut back. But that's just our top set. And then we have a bunch of back downs. What we don't even worry about how they feel, we just do the best we can. We push ourselves all out. And so we get that kind of mental need to train hard out of the way as well. Okay. So this is work phenomenally well for us. You know, a lot of guys, I think in the parenting world, we've picked up on it, kind of dissected it from a theoretical perspective, and found some issues with it, which I know disagree with. Okay. And it was that meant to be like a theoretical type of statement to be more than practical things. For guys like you and me who want to push hard, even if it doesn't make sense. Yeah. Okay. Huh. And you said you guys have this posted on Instagram right now? Yeah. So it's all on our Instagram and it's on my YouTube channel as well. Okay. Well, I will link both of those things then down in the show notes. So anybody else who wants to check this out more in depth, do that. And I will definitely be doing that too. This is something I want to, I want to hear the in-depth explanation on this, because I need another answer. Like I said, Repton Reserve hasn't worked for me. Trying other methods going to a lighter weight for higher reps. It's just it hasn't, I haven't found something that's clicked for me yet. I'm feeling man, I feel that it's not keeping hurt. It's because I had to push to RB11 every time I could work out and I felt like I'm leaving stuff to take. Yeah. Because I was always focused on that. I do my best today. I think it, I added up 100% every day. I would get to my goal. Yeah. But in reality, it doesn't work like that. You got to add up just enough effort every day. Huh. Because that's where you, how you go. Management will mention this one. Carry to your goal. I can see that, man. I can see that because what ends up happening with me is I'll build up momentum. I got up to the one 25s and then after that, then the momentum falls apart. And then it's like, I'm in a rebuilding phase. That's the way it's, it's kind of become a cycle for me as the way I see it's not just you, it's everybody. Yeah. And so that's really one of the challenges that we're trying to help. Resolve. That's cool. That's cool. I can't wait to check out more of that. So, that was a little bit about your lifts. I have to try to focus mentally on what you're capable of now. Let's talk squat for instance. Let's start with deadlift because I know that's your best. What has been your best in the gym and what's been your best in a meet? My best in a meet was 2017. Rebalk Rucker records. I think I was 196 on full HD. And the time that was also my best in the gym. Recently, I just this past summer, right? I think it was a couple months before the mission. I pulled 85, pretty easily. That was in the gym with straps. So, grip is why we're going to deadlift. So, that's what I have to address. Okay. But in fixed end up, I'm pretty sure I have the potential to pull at least 400 kilos, maybe 900 by April. All right, not by April, but I said, I'm done with season. That's crazy, man. That's crazy. And how about about bench then? Bench. So, Bench is my weakest lift. Okay. I'm hoping to hit 500 at in September. But the best I've ever done in a competition in 424. Okay. That was, again, 2017. And for right now, on bench, we're staying very like very, very, very, very, very, very, really trying to completely rework that movement pattern. So, the heaviest I've gone in months has been 405. I'll do that. You know, pretty much not every workout, but pretty nearly every workout. I'll work up to 405. But it kind of keep that as a ceiling and just trying to make it perfect no matter how many reps it is or, you know, how many sets or whatever, just trying to own that way before moving into unturned territory. You made an interesting point too. You said you earlier, you mentioned that triceps are your weak link in the bench press. And you said that you feel that they're underdeveloped as well. Like it can pair to tell everything else. Yeah, I think that that's such a common thing, you know, it's like, how, how, how are they training your triceps? Like, do you get a really good connection to them? Or is it tend to be a muscle you don't connect with as well? You know, in charge of a workout tailor, I thought I connected really well with them. That's why I was really surprised. But then more of a short from a tailor. I learned I was really focusing more of the media ahead on head and long heads where you're going to get most of your strength and your hands eyes. Okay. And I really didn't have a good connection with that. So as I build it, I'm really hopeful that I will see both progress and strength that size. I feel like when you realize those things, like there was something mechanically that you weren't doing in my experience, because I had, I had an experience with glutes. That glutes just were not out. They weren't, they wasn't a good body part for me. And then I found that, you know, what they weren't firing either. So my squat was all quad. And then I fixed my hamstrings and then the glutes were still lagging. I found that when I learned how to train them, it was like getting new beginnings. Because I hadn't been activating them right before. So I wouldn't be surprised, man. I mean, with everything else, all your other development, it was just a matter of maybe not getting it to fire, right? I wouldn't be surprised if that catch is right up now. Yeah, we'll see. We'll see. But I hope so. I got my fingers crossed. And then how about how about squat? Where are you at? So my best meet squat in me, I got 2017 in a 799.4. And I was so upset that my coach didn't call I either because that would have made me the only person on our channel, or pants, or was it a quad and a pull and a hundred pounds of meat. You're probably not going to get chance to do that again. No, so 799, most I've ever swat in the gym is 805, but again, keep in the squat just like the bench, because we're reworking those from scratch. Okay. And taking those very slow, and right now my ceiling on squat is 700. Okay. Again, like I hit that today, I posted on Instagram at it was 697 or something, but called some hunter. So I just posted that on Instagram today and you can go see it's on our scale, it's our PE7, which is essentially warm up. Okay. And move. Move great, felt great. No issues. I'm pretty confident I can squat on but what's I really ran things up, so that'll be really exciting for me. You know, I think a world record squat right now is out of the question, but two or three years, I might be at your preposibility, which is kind of cool. But yeah, I would like to squat a thousand before enough. That'd be crazy, man. Yeah, we're talking to somebody who said 700 was a felt like a warm up, just just to point that out, guys. That's incredible, man. I love I love the squat. I feel like it's just it's such a full body intense movement, you know? Yeah, and man, it's just 9 day when I look at my old squats compared now. Yeah. Right, I had no, I had no frame to squat with, you know, so I just had to kind of collapse. Otherwise there's nothing there to support me. And now that I actually have hips and I actually have legs, it's like, oh wow, I can squat. It's fun. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. It's really cool. You know, we had talked before. I told you that I had, I had asked Chris stuff and when he was on, like what's it like being under the bar, you know, with that thousand and one pound squat. I mean, anything, though, I feel like anything over anything over like 300 is a ton of weight. So 400, 500, 600, 700, you're, you're quote, warm up weight. What's it like though to have an incredible amount of weight that scares you on your back? You know, you told me Chris stuff and said, it felt like death or something and I really don't agree with that. He said, it felt like it was going to tear right through him. Yeah. I really don't agree with that. I think of what a coincide or to the same question somebody asked him. What does it feel like to squat at the house and they're like, so what's your PR right now? What's Scott? What's your best squat? Oh, like, uh, maybe three play, I never go to like a PR, but I can work up to three plates. That's like, for me, that's, that's a decent working set. So let's say if you want to so firm for me, 700 for me, he feels exactly like three plates feels for you. Okay. So you progress to that point where you can support it. That makes sense to me. Yeah. Well, I've already get under a thousand now. Yeah. I would feel like it was crushing my brain. You sure. I'm going to work up to that slowly in 700. You also have me when I interacted. It was like, oh, okay. There's some weight there, but it never felt like this is going to kill me. Okay. So, so do you feel like that? Because I've never power lifted. So if you're trained, obviously, to get to the, the heaviest weight you can lift at the day of the meat, is it not incredibly terrifying then? The incredibly terrifying part with the sweat is because it's the first lift. I've got to get a pair of people to watch you in theory and like, oh, fuck if I'm this, I'm going to look stupid. I've never been to a meat with that spotters. I'll know I know that you said, that would be terrifying. But, uh, no, if you're unragging properly and you're bracing properly, it'll waste never feel like it's crushing you. Okay. Okay. Huh. Yeah. It's an interesting perspective then. And I guess it makes sense if you spend week after week lifting more and more and handling 705, set up to 800 by the time you get to your, your weight that you're working with, it's not going to be a scary. It's not as romantic, though. I like the idea of it being like this terrifying thing that you don't know if it's going to happen or not. The terrifying thing is the night before for you saying, well, fuck how I'm going to feel morning. Yeah. What was, what's more, um, what creates more anxiousness for you getting ready for a powerlifting meet the night before or a bodybuilding show the night before. It's a tough question because for bodybuilding the night before, what you're done, right? You don't have to perform at all. There's nothing, you know, you're there. True. Uh, you're, it's highly unlikely you're going to mess up your peak today of the show. Right. So from that aspect, bodybuilding is not that bad. On the other hand, on powerlifting, it's like, well, it's exciting. It's fun. It's something with four, two. So I don't know that I'm chipterially anxious before either of them. Okay. Um, but if I had to choose, it would be powerlifting. Okay. Yeah, I guess, yeah, because it makes sense. You have to still do something that's going to be pretty intense. Yeah. Right on. Oh. Yeah. So yeah. Well, this has been cool, man. I really appreciate your time. You know, we came on to talk about really the comparison and the transition from powerlifting to high-perchography, but I got to pick your brain in a bunch more. So I really appreciate that, man. I feel like I've, I've learned some good stuff here, too. And I'm going to go and check your guys' YouTube page out. And I'm going to read more about and listen more, you know, about everything you guys are doing. And if people do want to reach out to you, I'll hit, like I said, I have the YouTube, what's the name of your YouTube? Instagram.com. Yeah. YouTube.com slash the C slash PhD level. Okay. Cool. And then we've got your Instagram anywhere else people can reach out to you. I have a website, P.G.H.D. Not net. Okay. That's probably the best way. There's a contact me button there. Okay. Cool. And now do you do any type of coaching or your own or anything like that? I do do some coaching right now. I'm one of one stuff I'm really slammed with. So I really can't take anybody else. I can assure people the tailor if they'd like or I also have a training road team where I try to make that as close to one of one of one of coaching as possible. So I'm doing form checks, talking with each athlete and individually, you know, giving advice on their situations. But everybody follows have the same programming, which is basically exactly what I just described here. So, I'm very very interested that's definitely the best route to go. All right. Cool, man. Well, listen, um, anything else you want to share with us before you hit before we go? Man, I appreciate you letting me have me on, you know, talk my talk your ear off. Oh, dude, is my pleasure, man. This is uh, there's been a lot of fun. Like I said, too, I I got to learn a lot here. I think that, uh, I think that in bodybuilding we could all learn from people who have been focusing on strength. I've really come to learn in the last few years, man. How important strength is it's been a it's been a game changer for me to be able to continue bodybuilding and continue making progress. I only wish I'd learn that sooner, you know. All right, guys. Well, for another episode here at Think Big Body Building Media, I'm Scott McNeilie and I'm with Ben Pollock. See you guys soon. Thanks Ben.