You know the front relax pose the front double by the front lat spread everything from the front You're up your upper quads have to be lit up Yep Adolfines you have to be you have to be split up to your hips at all King times absolutely not one second that you are on stage should your upper quads not be split And I tell this to people and they go yeah, yeah And then they walk on stage and their upper quads are not there and they're not split and they may be Maybe they split for a second when they hit a shot and then they fade yeah, and then they get third and they go Wow, I guess I got to be bigger. I'm like no you gave away at least one spot with your legs I can't with that like That's a whole topic of itself like When you first went in the gym I was telling Nicky this is morning while it was happening while there were two feet away from me I went to the gym and I was like I want to get big now that could be anything I think most guys go to the gym. They want to get a little bigger. It doesn't mean they want to be fucking monsters, but they want to be bigger for sure I went to the gym. I looked at the biggest guys. What are they doing right? I've never in my entire life seen a guy above average doing that Yeah, so She brought up the fact that the The amount of information that's out there the amount of bad information that's out there somehow People grab that off of Instagram or wherever Ignore who it came from and then just adopted and they still don't see what's right in front of them in the gym Which is no one with any sort of muscularity is doing this. They had one plate So it's 45 pounds Also mind you gravity is straight up and down so it's even 45 pounds It's on a fucking hammer strength and what are they doing exactly like you said sideways like the let me get any let me get into my fucking hammer strength machine But the front of it's here And I'm gonna grab it here And this is my range of motion mind you so my chest my pet doesn't actually like stretch at all. Yeah, okay. Yeah I mean, but I can feel it you know here. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Like you probably go a hell of a contraction and I bet that's what That can translate why I'm gonna get fucking huge Even though I've never seen anyone do it and even though the guy that came right after me immediately sat on like a normal fucking person and Started lifting weight. I don't know It so I got it now. I gotta go off here we go this better be recording because here we go I guess we started the show I saw a guy put up a video this weekend He said hell of a chest day and it was a video in his story, right? Yeah. Guess what he's doing He's got dumbbells, okay There are the sides Okay, he's bringing them up like this Okay, yeah, yeah, you've seen that otherwise known as like a front race But that was for chest I'm like I could contract my chest doing that. Yeah, I could do that too Gravity is still straight up and down Yeah, how is that a fucking check in what planet is that a chest movement That guy definitely gets sideways on the goddamn smith machine and does that shit so anyways You know I tell people all the time. I don't care what other people do I'm like not Am I fucking business you're not hurting anybody but it I still can't it's like I don't care if you're shitty driver either But You know if the Blinking yellow to turn left is on at least pull out the intersection so I don't get fucked by the deal Yeah, you know same thing. I'm like I know I preach that you should slap people with they do but sometimes it's stupidity it hurts me It hurts my soul runs calling. Oh, run run it's calling you. What's up on your phone? I didn't see your message and I do it What are you guys doing? We're on the show you're on the show right now. I'm I'm twisting you We're on the show we just started Are you taking a nap? What's going on with round? What's up with looking for food half places are closed because of the fucking funeral Is he you can really not ready? Yeah, he's looking around look Oh, dude. Yeah, that's bullshit. So where is he? I would have you go ask him what city is he in right now? He's in Birmingham. I know the engine then. Okay Yeah, I know What are you doing there so early? What are you doing for the next like three days? Yeah, um I should have asked more questions about my schedule That's what the one that you're probably so early. I talked to her a bunch of stuff to do and I'm looking at this schedule And I'm like I guess I'm gonna hang out with Dean oh a lot. Yeah, I was like because you text me and you were like Let's do 11 o'clock on Thursday. I'm like like get at like 8.35 in the morning And if I can make it I'll do it, but I'm coming from the flight with my bags and I'm down Anyways, we might lose that to Friday. Okay, so I'll figure it out But I mean I can grab my food. I ordered food so I'm just waiting for my food But I go up to my room and a bit in the hotball and I don't know what I'm gonna do that just dive on it We'll fucking go hit the ground. I mean you're on right now. So everybody knows you're gonna pop on at some point Okay, I'll get Man, he's he's already there That's so he was taking off. That's that's how this happened. That's why I texted this morning He has I'm sitting there and I'm I don't consume a lot of social media anymore, right? I don't like people at all at all So I just like I literally go to friends pages. That's the other thing all my friends are shadow band I have to go look for Ron I find him and I'm like oh good Jed So I'm watching Jed and it says last walk with dad for the next eight days. You know it was 14 hours ago Yeah, what you have? Do the math and I know I was like I don't think he's gonna be on Thing that's probably a good. Yeah, that's a good assumption there So there it was so anyways, but yeah, that was that was how I figured out that he wasn't gonna be on My text him I texted you then he got back to me and he's like well my bill to get on was like all right We'll see what he had works cool if not Ron Scott aware West Coast iron shirt and your honor yeah, I'll wear my mutant outfit to remind everyone If they go to iamuton.com they can use the code dusty 20 you could have used the road the code big wrong 20 if he was here But now screw it screw it not on this show. Oh, you know what this is so yeah episode blah blah Don't use his right also speaking and so that you put it in by the way So you started adding it to the thing of course. Absolutely so we don't say the episode But you tell them the episodes you're just having power. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, we just we just yeah exactly But I wanted to mention some other mutant stuff because we had a couple people Comment on the last episode and they said please tell mutant to stock 4 XL T shirts so I have bad news for you. Yeah, they're also gonna stock 5 XL Okay, that's bad. That's so Well, he only asked for four so I don't know if 5 is gonna offend him. He has something to grow into Yes, so we already talked and it should be in the October orders The I love see this though the 3 4 and 5 XLs Definitely the 3 and 4 is but they're all gonna be available because I actually so like I make my own shirts. Yeah, yeah Currently um, but yeah, so the big boss already handled that they're ordered and in fact So a lot of people liked my Was it called was it the fuck attention shirt is that the one? Fuck attention. Yes, we're making that from mutant now. So I love that The mutant collaboration so we just put them together and those would be available shortly Ron has his own shirt. Oh Sean has his own shirt. We all got our own stuff I didn't put my logo on mine. They offered okay, I don't like busy shirts. Yeah, yeah I was like I don't need that shit. So can we get one of the ones I was like no bare feet No, we have one coming out sit fuck crocks I think could you actually gonna sell 50% though because 50% of people like with him fuck you Ron was embarrassed last week. I think of his rant about the bare feet thing because he was passionate about it He meant it but then afterwards he was like oh, I don't want to think about you know His he got very you're very passionate about that you know well he was he this is the thing about Canadians I mean wrong It's it's there's a concern of the perception of how someone else will hear what he says Yeah, and and the funny thing is if you know Ron at all like There's and I literally there's never animosity like Ron can tell me dust you're gonna fucking more on Yeah, and yeah, it actually it's like you're welcome I'm helping you yeah, you know, it's not it's never negative so it's like Same thing he doesn't want you to he doesn't want a police fucking socks he didn't get right it Right, then you drag one of the gym then people are complaining. It's like oh fuck There's no other choice at that point. Yeah, so You just has to handle it and that's the problem is he does think it's dirty and that's his personal size you know right I feel like same way like I don't really like You know I don't really want to see you when fucking work boots in the gym You don't even like the work boots and what did you do through the 90s? Like you know like but work boots jeans like people who come straight from work. Yeah, it's not about the jeans or the work boots Okay, you might fuck up the pads with the jeans that is I've actually seen dudes coming to the gym like the truly or like manjet working and then they like Bring clumps of dirt through the gym also not a fail. Oh, no, that's not good Don't actually give a fuck what's on your feet I was gonna fuck up the equipment and make the gym dirty that's all you know, I mean I would electrocute people who don't wash their hands also and there you go and of just fucking cattle prodding people But it's frowned upon I guess Ever since 9-11 I got a circle circle back around though so you can't say circle back though because that's what that fucking lady used to say all the time Who's hiding? I don't be press secretary. Oh my she's totally circle back which meant she wasn't gonna say shit They go ahead you can circle back well because we started out Excuse me talking about that hammer strength Chastpress and pushing it sideways and you know we're trying to provide education to the masses Which by the way, too? I had some statistics if we can get into it in a few I want to tell you about what's going on with the audio podcast because it's doing really well And we're getting subscribers and listeners from all over the world. I want to give them some shout outs But before we got to any of that we're providing education so For real though For anybody who's listening and they're like yeah, I thought that's the way you were supposed to do the hammer is turning chest press You sit in it sideways and you get this little that that and then you you know you move on from there Why what do you What do you want to say so What is the fish should be doing we're gonna break it this time real simple first off think about this Where's the stretch there is one because you're absolutely for the first time in your life You're bothering out in most of you guys have never done that before Sorry, I was crossing things anyways So you're hitting you're hitting the bottom for the first time in your life and but there's no stretch yet Yeah, and I do understand what you said all so our guys are excited when you come up You're gonna feel a squeeze. Yeah, and you're like I'm targeting right here. Yeah That's not how muscle works. Okay, I like to just keep things at the most simple thing Stretch a muscle as far as we'll stretch safely Contract the entire muscle as much as you can. Yes, you know, you know, so Here's the bottom line you're not creating tissue doing that you're getting a little pump I compared to like someone says that weight doesn't matter It's like well if that's the case go to safe way grab a couple cans of beans and just do 300 side laterals Yeah, eventually it's gonna burn at some point You know or hold a baby in your arm like this For 20 minutes like you're gonna get a pump in your bicep It's not growing It's not I'm saying so you got a fact of those things in and the reason I said about the looking at people is Okay, here's something I always thought about when I was okay I was like I see a guy like a Jay-color and I also had been he's doing some different movement Okay, I've never seen before out of two questions one Why is he doing that and two is that so advanced that I don't need it yet? Hmm And maybe it's not but my point is is now do that in reverse at our gym right now like I just showed you last week Got Jeremy Pop and we got women that there are probably off top of my head 10 15 guys in there with awesome physics even just normal dudes, but I mean they're 220 Yeah, you know big ass dudes You've never seen any of them do that there you go Like so my question is do you think that you were so advanced? That you need to do that sideways that I don't need to do it. Yeah, do you think you know something? I don't know or do you or you just and here's what here's what the true answer is you're just not thinking Because you feel a little pump and you saw it on Instagram and that's the end of it so it must be good But if you were really thinking You'd glance around and I'm not saying one person because we all know that Jeanette like so I'm great Janette is gonna be fucking off in the gym and look awesome I don't mean that you should just do what they're doing. Yeah, that's true. So across the board You're following, you know, you've got your fan of whether it's bum-stead style physique or set for OC style Physiques or Ronnie Coleman have you seen any of them sideways in the hammer strength press Yeah, and then you do that to remember to like you know if in if I'm not that far along You know do I even need to do some of you still have it's it's always a tough game to compare yourself to anybody But I guess I get what's happening there. I get you feel that pump and then in your brain You're like oh, okay. Yeah, that must the here's the thing I think it takes a long time it can take a long time especially for certain body parts Especially like back to be able to feel like a good strong contraction in that muscle and if I'm doing these like little half reps and that helps me to like keep that Mind muscle connection. I'm squeezing the muscle You know then I can see how I would equate that to like now I'm gonna grow and listen my thought is this if if people are doing that chest press exercise and They don't want to stop and they don't want to you know follow your advice like literally Wait a year in see what kind of progress you've made through that and if it's working then more power to you keep going But if I think what you're trying to say dusty is you're trying to you're trying to fast forward that So they don't have to figure it out a year later What yeah, I think the thing is and it's fine We literally when I see something that drives me crazy it is in my brain So Nicky has figured out how to get me off the fucking ledge But when it comes down to people really that it's and it's isn't like me being funny They don't actually think they're in the gym. They're working out. They feel a pump. That's the end of it You know, but what I like remind people with pump is a stagious because most people would say okay What's the king movement for legs squats now again? I actually don't prescribe to that But most people would say that that's a pretty safe overall leg builder sure But do you feel the pump in your legs doing squats as much as you do extensions? No, no you don't do you extensions are nasty so I'm Forget it. It's so tough. Yeah, so so if the only thing you're thinking about is feeling and pump You're gonna fuck yourself. Yeah, that's exactly because Extensions are that way. I mean What I do lying leg rolls like super strict and I try to lift my knees at the top my hands will cramp I mean, it's brutal and it's not even heavy weight So if all I thought about was that I've been like well, I need just lying leg rolls. Yeah, yeah I'm all done. You know, we're you know a glute kickback is gonna be more targeted for the glutes But if you want a giant ass Squat 405 asked ankles for a while Yeah, trust me your ass will grow better and it's not going to you're gonna feel the contraction as much as you do doing a kickback Yeah, but tomorrow morning when you go down the stairs you're gonna oh fuck I always should have my ass. I always think what my friend Dave Calico He says he's like the things that work. They're not sexy. You know, and that's the thing man It's like that's not gonna catch your attention as much as you know something that's unique something that's different I remember doing After we had Justin Shire on he's doing this Pull down at an angle so it's like he's not pulling straight down He's pulling kind of like toward him and I was like you know what that's different I'm gonna try that as you know in a dish. Oh, we got round here as an additional part of my workout and Right, you know it was very different that video got Literally like five times as many views as if I would have done a regular pull down people people Something that looks different and that equates to you know that equates to Excitement and they you know they want to try that stuff even if it does any Right, Harvey if you want to be on the show come over here Holy shit rounds wearing a sub pop t-shirt. I'm so taken back right now I'm gonna I am we're in a sub pop t-shirt. It's my new shirt. Oh, dude. That is so cool And you're ever had on there's a lot going on right now There's a lot of sort of there's a lot of Toves or is live for red right and blue go USA I'm trying to figure out how to go full screen on this, but I guess it's the best screen I got it's your in the middle We can see you Now the seed seems okay, hey for the mind yeah, this is good Don't jinx it. I'm just on this just on this shitty wifi, but you know See I got my so my It looks like one though You still have better lighting than me and you're in a hotel room so congratulations. There you go. Nice. There you go I got my steak and rice Oh, no, yeah My the fuck are they're like tomatoes? What's that? Yeah, I don't know some that it's the decoration they give real food that you don't eat I was you know what you mean Yes, I absolutely know what you mean So run I had a little you missed I've met the gym today and there was someone sideways on the fucking hand was drank chest press again Yeah, I know I had a long discussion, but we can we can move past that now Because I feel better and Scott has Handle you know what you know what the funny thing is I've we've been doing this so long dusty That I didn't even know what you guys were talking about, but all I heard was Scott say you know people want something different If I would have done a different like a regular pull down they wouldn't have watched it and I was like oh There and I just knew I was like oh they're talking about stupid fucking action stuff It's all there is red It's all there. That's what I just knew who exactly what was going on You know who I blame for it though truthfully that the heart of it in the beginning is Charles Glass Angles gotta hit the angles Yeah, like the bad listen, I'm not even helping because he because he's making a million dollars doing it So hey do you think but I was just a lie because I was like he'd get on like a chest press and do a row and People like oh yeah, I was like there's this crazy thing where like right across the way there There's a there's a robot scene Ha ha it's built for that It does you know the funny thing is so I think if you look at why like I don't know maybe we should have Charles on the show Oh, that would be cool man. I I'm thinking of like why he even started doing that and if you think about Glass has been doing this so fucking long He was doing this back when there wasn't any variety of equipment in the gym you only had a couple of machines and maybe there was if maybe there's some situations where that was like yeah I make use of this thing you know what I mean and and There's also certain things that are definitely better than other things like not all Not all machines are the same when you do the backwards True, no, sure I used to watch and I'm like I was like you know what I always respected it because I trained in gold for a long time and I was like The business man in me was like marketing 101 You go see this you go see David the gym. You're gonna have you doing in climb bench press And that's fine, but you've ever done an inclined bench press on a lying lake cruel now that's the secret You know It's like when people come when people come to me they know they're not getting giant sets Like to get straight sets right you got in a lot of street they're getting like really properly executed Max intensity straight sets they're not getting fancy stuff or anything else so you know people that want to try that stuff They don't they don't come to me for a workout like You know can you be free to your chest workout? They know what they know they're getting like a real hard like you know Real simple chest workout which is so I do things so it's just funny I want to add something to so just looking at that like the psychology of what Charles Glass is doing I mean I think like I mean he's working he was working with guys like let's say doxter jacks and other Top pros Some of these here's a thought some of these guys how many times have they done a Seated cable row like how many seated sets or even reps of single seated cable rows has You know somebody like you know one of these one of these guys like doxter jacks and done so Maybe 21 15 years later when he's working with you know Charles glass Charles glass might change at angle even if it's not doing anything foreign He's been doing this for so long maybe to him. He's like oh you know what this is really cool This is different because I've already done this every week for the last 15 20 years of my life But it doesn't necessarily you know, so maybe there is some benefit for a guy like that But that's where I keep coming back to like you know Yeah, pros and what they need but I'll tell you what it does Scott is it's the same It's the same thing that Joe Bennett deals with okay because I spend enough time in gold's Venice It's not that Charles glass is not doing a fucking bar by the line climb or heavy hacks lots It's that the thing that's video is the different thing that he does Because it gets it's because it gets attention So then people think that you're gonna walk in and train with Charles and then he's backwards enough upside down on every piece of equipment And it's not the case You know like I love Joe and I actually before I knew him I thought the same thing I was like this guy I ever fucking have somey squat yeah, yeah, he's like oh 96% of my workouts are the same Well shit, but I don't need to post them because everyone's already doing that Yeah, and then I was like And that's how it was if you watch you know Charles some sure I'm gonna death threats after this like guys relax I know who Charles is no he's a legend no one shoot me We're on a first-day-and-basic I love one stock and shit But it's one of the things where the point is it does get bastardized Because someone sees it and this is a point wrong that you'll love Nikki made this point to me because I you see things in the gym and you're like where did they come up with this well? I think of that sometimes when someone I have a client right now he's gonna be mad They said this but I've had to send them a dumbbell row video four times And every time he thinks he's doing a sense of video back and I'm like how do you think this is the same thing Like you're filming it then viewing it then sending it to me And it's not the same thing so imagine if you're sitting backwards on a bench or sideways on a leg press What he's putting on his Instagram is probably not the exact same Charles glass just showed him Cheers my point You know because I do see that and I'm like I mean there was one set he sent me two videos back to back. I was like I can't even see the change that you're saying you made Yeah, so there is a connection between the two and not an insult to my client He's definitely won't the the reason we do this is to get it right Yeah, so it's like I finally sent a video of me doing him his way that me dropping down and showing him then verbally walking through Yeah, because it just something in my explanation wasn't working did I know what you mean Did he get it then after you showed him that I'll get him again this week, but that's my point is that's a dumbbell row which Is a relatively simple movement But I think that's why Harvey knock it off. I think that's why they get bastard as people just think you just grab a dumbbell and pull it Yeah, that's a row. Yeah, you know like a lot of ways. I always say that that's probably to me the most Rect movement in the gym because I think oh, it grabs some dumbbells and put them out to the side So any who yeah, all right that was all a 30-year-old I ran until we could start the pro topics now. It's good. We need that. I Somebody did I I I do want to touch on I think this might be my first meal on the show Oh, I need to show me those perfect medium rare to the cooking right. Let's see Yeah, it's actually good. It's good. I'll show you a bite Ron's talk a lot about eating he's talked a lot about using a silverware and guys You get to witness it firsthand today Do you see I was using it like it's funny all this nice that is guys That's how stop yeah That's beautiful It is his first meal. I've chewed food on the meal many times and people hate me for it now they can finally hate Canadian Oh and by the way guys big Ron 20 works again because Scott is or Ron is back on the show today I had pulled them that it didn't work today because you were here Doesn't work sorry guys we shut it off We shut it up for what up You put a rumor out there you know, I don't even know really know if he's still with mutant I guess Real touching go I mean I haven't seen him in an hour Man Well, that's the house you should be getting a lot of hits on yours just for the harassment you take yeah You know my mother just ordered using Ron's code So I'm having flashbacks to my grade 12 biology class because I used to eat like a half a load of loaf of bread with a jar of peanut butter It's just sitting in class and no one else is eating And that would just sit in the back eating peanut butter sandwiches She's With the knife that's amazing that's amazing yeah, you're not letting bring nice to school anymore just so you know you can't do that. Oh, yeah, yeah, that'd be a problem Weak You know I had something I wanted to share with you guys and I I sent this over I took a screen cap I was listening to a podcast yesterday and And they they they always line it up. It's just entertaining local radio show that they then Have it syndicated as a podcast called Dave and Chuck the free it's entertaining I laugh all the time when I listen to that it's rare I get to listen to it, but I went to another shooting match yesterday and it was like an hour drive So I was like I'll listen to some Dave and Chuck so I'm driving on the street and This topic they say in up next which celebrity claims that they need to have sex five times a day To feel satisfied and so they get to that sake man and this is what I hear I actually like I said I took a screen cap. I don't know if this is gonna demonetize us or what but like copy right in French But we're gonna go ahead and roll with it anyway. We don't have to listen to the whole thing, but check this out Why so Arnold Schwarzenegger did that movie true lies and Tom Arnold was in it and I guess you have been super tight ever since okay, they're like best friends. You never would expect it, but I guess they are and Tom Arnold said Listen to this day he has more sex than anyone I know wow He said he actually has a bunch of women who now visiting daily to fulfill his needs For him. I didn't know that Schwarzenegger and his wife Maria separated in May 2011 after 25 years of marriage when it was revealed that he had fathered a teenage son with the family made well because he needed it five times a day Right It's since that split I guess he's found a string of women that Keep him sexually fulfilled isn't the dude like in his 70s now? Yes, but I wonder if he's on stuff. You know, I just saw video these guys I don't know why but it's suggested to me In my TikTok these like I'm I'm doing this Tran or I'm doing this different steroid things one of the videos I just saw was a If you're doing that you will want to have sex with People that aren't even attractive Like normally you're not even find someone attractive But you're on this stuff and you're so jazzed up and I just wonder with the body building stuff If it might explain the made thing because we didn't understand the made thing I've seen a guy's were like you won't believe what you'll do because your testosterone is so high I'll take it from any No, no, but I mean it's it's a yeah, I'm just that's the gist of it and Go pretty funny It's pretty funny it's pretty funny when like the main stream starts to like really catch on to hear trend trend on the radio Yeah, like the thing that it was he just knew that it made a seven-at-a-long Yeah, it's the same word when you take trend girls aren't as fat Yeah, just boom that explains a lot of things. What was that movie where the The guy was fat the whole time and he didn't know or something shallow how was that or no the woman was fat No, no time and he thought that she was like a supermodel through his eyes so he was just on trend could be yeah trend he was on he was on trend and vodka Yeah, well, you know what they say a two o'clock 10 is a 10 o'clock or a 10 o'clock two is a two o'clock 10 you know what I mean? Yeah, it's a bar move Right, go tell the camera like no fucking way two way I'm like another thing another thing They're not factoring in here. I think we can all attest this. They're not factoring in age Because as you get older you start to go She's pretty hot. I'd fuck her And then you like yeah, she's got a really pretty smile All about Pins like something makes it okay You pinpoint something you're like hey, well, I mean, you know you're just stinking in your head You know how guys do that we don't like to admit this, but like almost every girl we interact with we're like Yeah, yeah, maybe and and then as you get older that line like drops because you're like Hey, she's pretty funny Yeah There's all these I think it would be in her not having teeth. I guess Right Right, you know She doesn't she doesn't you know, she's I know you know what I'm saying you start to appreciate more things than just how they look You know when you're in your 20s are like that girl's hot and they know and as you get older You're like yeah, you know, yeah, so I imagine we're just what 70 What's yeah just funny? So what's it? What's our 75? I'm like that. Yeah, yeah, yeah, right around there So who are these girls? Are they all like 55? I don't know, but he'd be doing pretty good You know, no, I don't know where he's at at 75. He's he's doing all right, you know I wonder if he's playing that because they got to be dumb Also because anyone that would sleep with him with the things he says on the out loud is obviously dumb What? Oh, sorry Here's here's here's here's the thing I like I like the concept of like got 55 year old like booty call check. That's like funny Like you know you think of like rich guys rich guys calling up their booty calls and you think of like You know the Instagram Millionaire guys calling up their list of 22 year olds to come and service them and then you like Change it to a 76 year old Arnold and you're like who are his booty calls? Like are they 25 year old Chick City like is it a server from TGI Fridays or is it? The principal of the the the principal of his kid school Retired later Retired principal This is kids are adults Yeah, yeah, you know oh yeah, I miss his Smith Cheers running this school back in the day. You know you can always have it all you had each other Yeah, you know we probably have to act her in two light that she won't speak like he needs someone to keep it quiet Yeah, there's a lot going on when you're Arnold and you have a list of booty calls like how does that work? Do they get a monthly allowance just to shut up? You're stifing yeah You know you work the booth you get your couple hundred handed to you throughout the day Yeah It makes me feel like a Ford dusty I try to help you with that Yeah, I was just a piece of meat the trend thing though that's what really caught me. I was like, oh, wow This is interesting. They're talking about you know Arnold they're talking about you know And they start talking about steroids and then he specifically mentions they're on this trend and I've heard that before So he's hearing this That's Chuck by the way and he's like a You know middle age not in good shape guy who's just surfing he's into gaming and stuff like that He's surfing around TikTok and for some reason these people are getting filtered to him Where they're teaching them about trend which blows my mind like he probably never find this so So like you win it would have been like Yeah, yeah, the old way would have been like that guy's on steroids and then there was a period of like that guy's on testosterone and I'm not like that guy's on trend Yeah, yeah They can tell he's the director Yeah, I really interested I'm interested to know what Arnold is doing now You know who are these women I want to know Yeah, he's not talking about his testosterone or something with the women. What is he doing now? Who not what who Is he doing now that's great does he have an array like is there an array or are they all just ask courts? Does he get bored that you know you would think you could just make that happen He can't afford to do that Yeah, if he can afford porn starts Yeah, there you go He could just pay the porn stars like at the top end most expensive thing he wants you can do it every once We We had not that I would do such a thing Speaking of our escort still legal in Canada I Don't even really know the laws about escort or any of that stuff in Canada I don't know I don't know what's illegal. I don't know Run those I don't know I stump wrong. Yeah, it's funny. I have I I Mean I think it's illegal, but it's like more frowned upon. I don't know if they have a leap or Sue like You know that it's like the escorts it advertise and In sneaky ways. I don't know if they like do that stuff. If they care. I don't know God's leg maybe need his credit You know So join us. So some of my latest loss in Virginia in Canada was with escorts This call them Let's see is sex work illegal in Canada. This is a question at a death It says that the purchase in soliciting of prostitutes along with Let's see protection of sex workers so Okay, this is a big long thing. I don't think I'm gonna get a quick answer Right, yeah It says sex There's a change of sexual services money and goods So there's this bills once I figure Google it wrong. I'm gonna go Google it. Yeah, please yeah, do do that You're just gonna like I think you're just gonna check it Well the guys only fan only only fans falls under the definition of sex work now the vague long-wide Definition of sex work, right? So There's this bill that's not definition it's changed Yeah new offense that prohibits purchasing sexual services No tuition it's crime That's what I initially thought but I didn't want to just say that but I think yeah This is December 22nd 2016 if you pay someone explicitly for sexual services in Canada That is prostitution you've committed a crime Hmm Week we can't use to be better than it is no anyways no guns no prostitution what's happening there? What if you guess if I'd drink or lower-pave for everything If I them dinner and pay for everything that's just like your average relationship is that so count You're still paying for the same thing. I don't get it Agreed Here's what I don't get this will bothers me about this for real So A chicken walk up to a guy in a bar and just be like yeah, I want to sexually Can we do that and he can say yes and they can go do their thing But right if there's payment involved now it's not okay like so you can bang a hundred million guys It's long as no one gave you any money. It's fine But if there's a you could say like And then afterwards you can be like hey cat borrow $500 and not pay back and they can go. Yeah sure and then it's all legal Okay, that's what I don't get it's such a like oh we want tax money. I mean just tax that shit Easier you can control it you can make sure they're all tested they don't got STDs and shit I feel the same thing with weed like you could make a lot of money off of weed just make them legal everywhere silly that was a thing about what California did to the porn starts there for a while that drove a lot of them out of the out of the state Is a California the banks started giving the porn start Is a hard time about their They're like they're buffed this before only fans when they were all sent up their own websites Yeah, and the bank the bank starts those close their accounts They're closing their accounts. They're like we are close We are no longer dealing with you here's your money leave wow and they were closing And that's why some of the porn starts left for Vegas because they were having like banking problems and and then the IRS was like getting on their backs and stuff They're like I'm claiming all my fucking money like what's your problem yeah, and Because it was coming through their website right the web canning and all that stuff So that's been a big thing and California drove a lot of them out of the state doing that which blows my mind because porn's a billion dollar industry and They've literally tried to force it out of California. That's crazy Which just mind boggling mind boggling to to force a billion dollar industry Out of your economy just because you know certain people voting thing you know sex sex is You know that should be illegal or whatever Yeah, so it's it's it's pretty nuts. You know, I know all the people involved in industry were just Blowin away that it was happening. They're like are you serious? You know don't you find it's interesting that The same people who want to push Pouring out because it's wrong and you can't do it are the ones pushing for Let's get children to cut their decks off and become women because we want them to Because everyone should be able to do what they want and no one should be judged. I'm like Right and feelings matter more than anything and all that sort of stuff Yeah, it's why it's I get the same Dusty this is why you know when it boils down to politics I don't you know some people identify as something. I don't really identify as anything. I identify as Leave me the fuck alone and I'll leave you the fuck alone And I don't care how you make a living at all Just don't cause problems. How's that that's fair enough? I like it I don't give a fuck. I want anybody does but just don't cause problems and I if I don't hear about it I don't know you're doing it. I don't do a fuck. I could give less of a fuck And that's my politics and so when people want to get involved in what I do and limit what I do and tell me what I can Own and where I can go and what I can say and You know how long my magazine can be Like fuck you Exactly as long as you're fucking shoes are on in his gym you do what you do Yeah Well that comes down to don't don't don't cause other people problems. Yeah, just don't cause exactly You know oh my god, that's problems. That's so bad. Oh, okay. Sorry Dusty I told you we were gonna be all one-to-date. I I warned Scott. I was like I'm on one-to-date It's gonna be no-what you meant. I was like one what when he had acid? That'd be an interesting show Just one easier I got a throw a movie review in oh oh yes I just feel like as you mentioned the acid and so there was like a movie it did not have any to do an acid but there was some mud Was on it yeah, yeah, I'm gonna need to do it acid, but I was on But I was saying why watch you I Watched a movie on the plane. Oh, I like the um Yeah, called the Northman And it's a uh Super fucking violent Viking movie. Hmm yeah, it's kind of a Viking revenge movie, you know, yeah, and uh It was like I don't know I haven't had like I haven't watched a movie in a long time or I was like whoa What the fuck are they doing like it was really art house? Huh and and there was like black and white Whenever he was like kind of in a dream sequence or night time stuff and then when he was on mushrooms There would be black and white but with the odd thing brightly colored and then there was daytime scenes It was just color okay So it was like kind of a uniquely shot, you know, and there was a whole bunch of Seans where you were sure if it was real or if he was kind of having a trip Yeah, you know and a whole bunch of visit like some vision quests stuff and it was and then a lot of just Fucking nasty revenge like Viking style, you know, where you know their ruthless mother fuckers man and and It was also a gritty really well done gritty movie. It had a great cast it had Nightingale Kidman was in it and William to faux had a part in it and there was just like really great cast in it and And I can't remember the main actor's name is a Swedish guy, but he was fucking great and It was gritty because you saw like how Like I just kept thinking the whole time like they're running around. It's in like Iceland Right in like Viking days. Yeah, so Like they're running around the grounds like muddy and wet and you're thinking I'm thinking about their feet I'm like the F foot rot like there's feet are soaked like muddy soaked all the time like how would they take care like and then you think the average life Expect to see these motherfuckers was like what 30 yeah, yeah real short real short If they're fucking lucky and then all of them wanted to die in battle because that's the only way you get to Valhalla So they were determined to die in fact they don't want a dying old man that's like a shameful way to die Yeah So like you just think of like the life and then you show them like it shows them taking a village Right and there's nothing nice about how they did that they just take all the girls and put chains around their necks and fucking ship a Way that's there. We got some new checks and new slaves for our call and Ian They just go through the man and just sort of out who can work who can't fucking dead You know fucking round them up. They know like they just treated people like fucking garbage man Yes, you know you're from another you're from another village Yeah, fuck you. Yeah, fuck you. We kill you. Oh fuck you. Yeah, they just It just sake man. We come a long way as without we like How we treat people you know there was I didn't kill that guy on the hammer shake machine I just talk to you about them There was There was like there was no good news if you saw some ships approaching your harbor oh Yeah, like they weren't know it's coming from the shelter be like yeah They're not they're not coming to see like hey, what do you guys have to trade here? They're like you see ships coming to your harbor. It's like all fuck, you know the bike was the Vikings were in England You're like you're in there. You're in there. Oh, yeah, well, what are we gonna be there for sure this weekend? Yeah, yeah Jamie Yeah, yeah, there's a bunch of his bloodline in that movie too just these crazy fuckers and just what they would Uh some of the you know crazy rituals like they sacrifice you know something happens and of course they they can't explain it So they think it's like the gods, right? So they have to sacrifice a young girl Like oh we better sacrifice a young girl immediately So like an XC you see just like this fucking 14 year old girl just getting stabbed to death and then just they're just fucking Killer quick enter you know like and there's a and everyone singing and chanting and ceremonies going on and they're just and It's just you just think sock and it just reiterates my constant Feeling that we live in the best time to ever live ever you know We just think back any other time like You know people it's a I'd love to go back to like the you know the Roman Empire and just see what the cities were like Fuck off You know what I go back then Fuck off, I want to put a chain around your neck someone will just call you the top right No good. No good. Yeah Yeah, yeah, you have for you with one second where you don't know when you look like you don't know what's going on Someone's you're you're owned by someone He's been about it too. It's not we're not that far off. I was listening to this guy Talk about gun control and in his stance was he was like you know our like our great grandparents You know depending on how old you are we're alive back in the old west You know like our great great great great great Let's say just a few great great great grandparents were alive like during the time when you were walking around with a six shooter to protect yourself But now we're so far removed from that. We're like, oh no, we don't need anything. You know we just do weird Civilized society We'll take the facts then you could you get in a fair fight that someone died and that's okay It was team though Great, that was a fair fight. Yeah, yeah, yeah, but it was fair Yeah, oh Okay, a lot of laws a lot of rules since then that's for sure until there's not like yeah You know because those same people are saying like it's not a good idea for us to have guns, but it was an amazing idea for like Fully automatic Say people that want to take them away for us, you know, yeah, I like that they have which I I'm all four two, but you know Which I love that means my pal loved the meme of that I love the meme of the You know saying you know no one should own a gun and then there's the meme of the guy Sanio is hands on his hips and it says like Yeah, it is like Like fuck, you know, it's pretty funny, but I know what you mean my my granddad used to I remember I remember him telling me no as a kid. He's like oh yeah, they were like He's born in 1905 wow my granddad and he lived till he was 93 so I remember him really well And I remember him telling me once he's like yeah, we didn't have a Any gun laws Yeah, no that wasn't like any years later. I think 75 50's something like that when they started yeah like there were no laws at all like None yeah, and they did all right You're working on here. Yeah, yeah, I'm here. So yeah, that's kind of crazy But I'm over here in England now So I don't have to worry about getting shot. I only have to worry about being stabbed since England has the highest violent crime rate in Western Europe Fun fact I don't have to worry about being stabbed for three more days, so that's cool. Yeah We're good. Okay. I got a couple questions. What's what's yeah? Yeah, yeah, let's do that's too slow Had something that I thought this is a perfect question for dusty. I don't know what your response is gonna be But everybody thinks if you just being you know in times trainer and he said This may be a dumb question But how do you confront fear when it comes to working sets? Is it like Justin Harris's widow maker set where he squats 500 for 20 reps and he needs to beat that the next time Well, I'm just a great simple because you're you're looking at a guy who he didn't walk up one day Doing 300 pounds and tomorrow is your 500 yeah, yeah, okay. Yeah, so he didn't just like will it It's not just willing. Here's what I think It gets thrown off and I tell people this all the time and relates relationship to power lefters They're welcome to a bar and knowing I hope I can get this once Once they're gonna unwrack it and go down to the earth or try to pick it up off the ground or down to their chest And there are times they have never done that when I get under a bar that I'm shooting for 20 and I've never done 20 before I'm not worried I'm gonna miss on one Or five or seven and if I do miss yeah, so Like my mind is set to get it, but like nothing's you know, I mean, yes, you get injured but nothing should happen That couldn't happen at any other rep like be at injured. It wasn't because you went for 20 Yeah, like you have to understand that's because that rep range is a safe rep range because I find it dangerous to say Okay, that's 900 go for one and you've never done this Even if you've done eight 70 before eight 80 or eight 90 900 is enormous when you go home for one When you're going another five five hundred for 20 last week and I'm gonna go for five oh five this week I mean worst case down I'm gonna get 18 Right, you know, so yeah, people gotta get that out of the head Yeah, the people also after you've been trained in that long You know, I'll take them in example like Let's say you're trying to squat five plates for 10 We'll just say like a basic straight set with five plates like that's a great squat if you swap five plates for 10 reps You're in like the elite percentage of humans, right and I'll let's try and Instagram and then everybody does it but But if let's say you're squat and five plates for 10. That's your goal for you to put four plates on a do 10 You can be thinking about work Yeah, you can be you don't even have to be there mentally you can just be like You can be having a terrible day and still get four plates for 10 and Your minds all over the place you really are only focusing yourself For like you know that once the you know you really like your performance level without Siking yourself up gets higher You know in a like your default ability to perform without having to mentally like Psych yourself up it rises over time Yeah, when you've been training so long you can just flick a switch and like your form gets perfect and your execution gets perfect Even if you don't get your adrenaline going you're still gonna have a great set but When you want to get the you know, maybe you got 18 before or 19 before and now you're trying to get the 20 That's when you you actually like try to get your adrenaline going You know, that's when you got a mentally focused and get your head really really into it So it's like all that extra effort is for that that last rapper two But the first 18 they're giving Yeah, you know, we've already trained with that weight so many times it's easy like the rest the whole thing's a given Except for those last two reps really actually break a record that's the difference and and you know you might have a bad day and get 17 you know But you still get in there and give her so I Yeah, I joke with um I joke with Ron when we were doing the leg press and Vegas I See yeah, it wasn't it wasn't the first 35 reps that were hard. It was the last five Yeah, yeah because because that's it I mean that's really the truth of it and and like Ron said I think it's funny You'll laugh about this Ron, but the other day I saw a video of a pretty A good pro I know and there was a bar on the ground it was he had 400 pounds on it And he was psyching up to grab it And then he did a deadlift and I was like oh, I just assumed he was rowing Because that's how your brain works once you've been in that mindset before like if I was psyching up for 405 It's not to deadlift it unless I'm doing my 20 you know, so I think people miss that is your perception changes So I've seen guys in the gym doing 225 and Going into a darker place Then I would be doing a 405 Yeah, and I'm like yeah, I'll look at them and I'm like that was a bad asset like I watched them Go so I think sometimes as you're putting too much focus on the number Because Justin Harris is 500 is your 225 it is the same You have to go there for that weight and I think that's what you know Ron made a great point is When he's doing 45 it's truly a warm up. He's just like all right Let me feel him a knees are we drop down You know am I gonna test before I do 5 495 or am I gonna not okay? No, with that He's not thinking yeah, you know, so that's a valid point, but yeah, it's I think that the The key and it's something that that JP talks about is if you are overly amped up find a way to bring yourself down before those sets Don't listen yeah, it's a crazy music bring yourself back down before you go to war and then you're gonna be in a better place You can't be amped up and worried before you get under the bar your fuck Yeah, there's like a certain amount of What I I learned that over the years I look back to like my younger days and I would like You know, we've talked about this is crazy animal psych yourself up and it might be great for that set But Sometimes it's detrimental like overall, you know you get such a crash after stuff like that You know, it can be it can it can you know It can make the rest of your workout a little bit That could take you down a notch if you fry your brain Fucking fry yourself on the first thing so yeah managing your emotions and managing your energy Of course you want to be hyped up and full of energy and all that, but but like we talked about wasting energy Right like when you're just leaking energy everywhere except where you're you know trying to go and I think I did a lot of that I used to leak energy you know You know what I mean this put in too much to out putting too much out not centering yourself and there's something to be said about those zen guys It can just like And then they just go into it bam. Yeah, yeah, so I like that I'd want to think I want to show you guys because this is pretty freaking awesome These are the top cities for the audio downloads in the last seven days So these are these are just cities now I think in some cases What we're looking at here is like maybe roseville wherever that is in the US is a hub So yeah, yeah, you know that is yeah, it's collecting views from areas close by to that area There's some sort of hub there is that maybe where like a central server is or something that's what I'm thinking yeah, yeah, but Check that out See for Colona alone and a lot of times we have a lot of times the top three will be in fact I can never say the name of your city Ron coquit coquit Lum They say that right coquit Lum Yeah, yeah, coquit Lum is often in the top three believe you're not cities Oh, that's crazy, but But I'm laughing at the cities a lot of England there there is a ton of England in that last one is Spain Did I as I hope would you say that DE yeah, and I Hey, and you think of like the the I of man like yeah, there's got to be a server hub there That's that's taking traffic from all over the place. It's just so hilarious I mean, how many you know how many bodybuilders are even on the island of man? Well, at 800 it's here's our area 64 But I wonder where that's drawing from you know because it says Spain in general is our What is it spain is our fourth? Excuse me one two three four fifth highest Country right first first is a us then the United Kingdom then Canada Then Australia then Spain Sweden is at the next space then Germany then the Netherlands New Zealand Romania Belgium Denmark United Arab Emirates France, South Africa So we got people who's over the place, you know, we really do and I just I guess I wanted to take a second just to say shout out to everybody everywhere and if you want to like island man or something shout out to you Thanks for watching Or listening yeah, yeah It is pretty crazy to know there's people in South Africa listening to the show and you know that sort of thing it's uh You know you know, I always give this example we've talked about it on the show a bunch of times But you know in the old days if you had a seminar You'd be happy to get 20 people at the gym for your seminar, you know back in the 90s I didn't some seminars Jim owners would say hey do you want to do a seminar? You know you're the best bodybuilder in this gym. Yeah, you know like you want to do a seminar That's how it used to work You know and And you you'd be happy of 20 people showed up, you know and You'd you'd have a lot of fun and talk bodybuilding and tell stories and sometimes they'd ask technical questions about training and sometimes They'd just want to know who you met in here stories. Yeah, it was like the you know It was the the very very beginning of like the whole concept of this stuff and but it was in person and now you think like someone can listen from New Zealand Look at bizarre You know and I know that we're all jaded by technology and we're all super used to it and you know Quit talking about it wrong, but it is awesome to me like you know It is pretty crazy to see what where we've come and what we can do now You know just with that and you know like I'm on my phone right now and I Feel like my picture is better than on my fucking laptop like I mean get it Yeah, I think your camera is better I think your camera is better I mean I just bought that air-mac like a year ago I mean, why does my camera have a better why my phone have a better camera than my Mac? You know, but that's how it goes funny. Yes Yeah, run right now at this moment Ron looks clear than any of us Which is I tried to do it on purpose with mine, but yeah He also has that custom Ring light so there's that it's like burning my eyes if I stare at it I tell like forced into his face. He actually won't see for the next week. Yeah, I get there Yeah, like I'm giving I'm giving up vision for you Dusty. I'm trying to move on like Best track I'm trying to move this shoot that I planned poorly To Friday so that Dusty can be in it with me. Okay What's that we were gonna do like an hour and a half before I had to be there from the time my flight in the ground. I was like I didn't realize you were here Thursday. I thought you're coming Wednesday I thought it was funny that you actually took those tickets because they were all joking about They were gonna send you on Monday and they did and I was like wow they really did it that's crazy. He's there alone Think God you doesn't have like a business to run anything Yeah, yeah I'm gonna go I'm gonna go see Dino. I'm gonna go see Dino. Well hang on with Dino for a bit nice. Yeah, we'll be good That's the highlight of the trip these are the things I'm looking forward to Yeah, yeah, most is the people and all that so and it's been for ever for me I've been there since we were there last I'm in England in years 2019 That's for oh well I came in 20 did you even come yeah you were here in 2019 that was a year You know I came in yeah I came in night no No 18 Charity came in 19 Yeah, right here. Okay Master Okay Who's there now pokes anyways Yeah How long were you guys lost the fry hopped on we've got an hour show right here. This is it. It was a good place We've already locked it down dude. We did it good. We good we we set our goals we got it done you ate your steak and your lousy sides Do you know what you would have been doing anyway? We would have been just like back at the hotel eating but you did a podcast Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Well, it's yeah, I'm fine to keep rolling unless you guys are in a hurry He's got he did this for for the for the viewers for mutant For now really Oh We got any more Scott we go a little longer. I don't have to pick it. I've got like ten minutes before I believe What do you do I know you had some questions? I had yeah, I did have that one But you know it or if you've got something else I've got one other. Oh, I do have that one But I thought would be good um and we've kind of touched this before wrong But it's been a minute so do you have what's the most memorable Computing stage moment that you have I know you've got some good ones so you compete with some great guys stage moment Like actually posing and like being on stage I think competing so like not leading into the show but like the show itself is gonna be the way I'm twisting this answer to be my question Okay, well the so there was one that I remember Because of just my mental state um If you've ever had the the privilege of winning a show Which I was lucky to win a couple shows you know I did 24 shows and I want a couple of them you know The moment when you know you're gonna win Sometimes it's when they call your name Right obviously right but then there's other times when you you like oh I'm gonna win the show and I would remember the 99 provincials it was my my my poverty prep that I talk about yes, I I was peeled to the bone like You know chicken inventables diet for like six weeks. It was the roughest diet and I remember there was like seven or eight heavy weights in that show and there were all big guys like 220 to 40 you know that 250 you know like that size and I was 240 And We're pumping up backstage and you know how it is when you're young bodybuilder was only my 23rd Real show and you know, I was looking everyone look pretty good pumping up like those fucking lights above You know You understand it you're doing send there doing curls and you're like that guys arms are bigger than mine Fuck that guys just is so thick you look alright fuck and we walked out and I was just by numerical order. I was in the middle Right, so they just had one big line of heavy weights. They didn't bother doing call notes because there was like seven I think so they just had one line of guys and they just kept it one line and we walked out and we did one around the Manitories and then the head judge I remember his name was Ken and I remember Ken he actually like stood up and kind of leaned forward over the table and he goes run Can you just go stamp on the end Oh I guess it might run it goes hey, hey Ron and he kind of like waved like like this He's like Ron can you just twist down on the end and I was at when I first heard him say it I was like oh, I just got moved to the outside. Oh, yeah, yeah Right, so as I walked down to the end the crowd started laughing And then I stood on the end and then I realized all the judges were just staring at the middle three guys now No, shit okay and I was like oh, I just I just won the class like really easy. Oh, that's so cool I was like oh fuck that's fucking cool Then I was looking at people's faces in the crowd and all the people I knew in the crowd were like Easy, you know I'm going like this and I was like oh, okay fuck But just it was funny to me because I've never ever heard them say that they would say like 12 switch with 14 yeah You know or like five switch with two but just the fact that he's he's he can't run can you just go stamp on the end It was just funny. I'm never for him. We're not looking at you anymore. Could just move or go to the back or yeah It was pretty funny and then Probably the most intense because there's you know I had a lot of disappointing clothes called losses, right? So those are all like you know, there's no special to my heart dusty But but I when you have a close call win You were really remembering and I won this I won the super heavies and oh Seven I didn't win the overall but I won the super heavies and there were 33 super heavy weights So it was a massive class and Ben Pekolsky was in my class that year he showed up for the first time and we all knew Ben was coming He was the kid for my material with the giant legs that's what everyone was like There's this kid for my material with like the craziest fucking pro legs like they're out of this world You know it's gonna be really you know He's you know he's not the most complete guy at the time right but he's his legs are so Not so this could be hard to air. Oh, there's no one's gonna beat up like that's what people were saying and I was like how fuck So I get there and Ben's there and And Right away first call out me and Ben side by side in the middle And and he actually was in the middle right and We get around opposing and then the judges move meat in the middle and the crowd went nuts because it was in my hometown Then we did around a pope was this and then they moved me out of the middle and put him back in the middle And I remember the adrenaline that went through me. I was just fucking Like I was just so amped up as I got a fucking get the center back. I'm gonna get the center back And I was just posing my ass off and being perfect like a robot And the crowd was crowd was going crazy and I could see the judges looking at Ben looking at me Looking at Ben looking at me looking at Ben like this and just going like this all of them Like back and forth every pose and I'm just like all fuck it was so intense We actually did eight rounds of mandatory. Oh hell yeah eight rounds They worked the fuck out of us it was it was by far the most I ever got beat up at pre judging because a lot of times the super heavies were like Call you out two rounds move a couple guys This guy's not in shape. This guy's not in shape. Yeah, that's it that's the top five Yeah, there's first a second. You know But with our our top five call out there's five of us we did eight rounds of mandatory That's up so because they were mixing everybody and me and Ben and then after a couple rounds because then was in the middle For a couple of rounds because they were moving the other guys and I thought they'll fucking done with us And then all the all the sudden they go all the sudden they go wrong back in the middle And the crowd just goes boom and I moved back to the middle I fucking right Like I was just I Have never it was like it was like it was like a football game like I was like I was in my head. I was just an animal hell yeah, we pose and then I remember standing in the middle and the judges were looking back and forth And I remember the one judge had his pen like he was holding this pen, you know and he's pointing it at me Point it at Ben and he's talking to the other judge And he looks at me and I'm still in the middle at this point and he goes Thank you very much. We'll see you this evening That's Who stock You know and we walked up stage and obviously and I only I beat Ben by one point Yeah, that's bad. That's bad. That's bodybuilding right there like that's one point That's what's all about competing that was easily the most intense pre-judging I ever had and it was also extra intense Because it's not like I was battling for third or fifth or something right there was like for the win and And and I remember as we were walking off stage There was a button there was two other guys that also turned pro later so like the top five was crazy Walking off stage and we're we're all like kind of laughing like we were all like holy fuck You're just about fucking kill us And and I remember I didn't know Ben yet like we hadn't really met like we just briefly met and I remember I looked at him and I said Man, that's way harder than when you're in your basement with a sand blowing on you and a cold diet coke and you're girlfriend telling you how good you look And he just cracked out laughing He's like cancel The lights were so hot, right? Yeah, yeah, I was like man, that's way harder than practicing posing in my basement with a fan on me in a cold diet coke Girl for tell me I'll go look and he just fucking laughed and but yeah, what a what a what a great Level of competition and and I mean obviously he was a fierce body builder He came back to an exterior and won the show and turned pro and everything so But yeah, that was probably the most intense like you know Positive you know moment I had That's bad ass dude. That's such a cool story. Yeah. That's just story that I have never heard for the record Really don't know the be fuckers of her yeah Crazy They moved us it they moved you know I got moved out and then they left me out and then I got moved back in and then there was like That's a lesson though for anyone who doesn't practice their posing Yes, yes because had you slipped you were lost no question. So here's here's it so here's the punchline Here's the punchline The following year when Ben beat me and won the overall and got his pro card He came out to me backstage and he shook my hand and he goes I have to tell you something And I go what what's that and he goes last year when I flew home I thought I got ripped off. I thought you won because you were home townboy and He goes and then I saw the video and My fucking abdomen was all over the place and I wasn't holding my poses and you were standing there like a fucking robot You know fuck and then he said I thought about that all year I bet he did About yeah, that's cool. That's what makes people better in bodybuilding I've had people like that where you just think about one guy one guy was I remember This guy he didn't even I didn't even know him but he looked fantastic and he beat me and then the next year I was like I probably won't even see him in the state level show Probably won't even see him his name was Dan Strudgeon It's like but regardless I know I have to be Dan in order to win my class next year Like that's all I knew and I was like I just used that as a tool I didn't hate him or anything but I definitely thought like no I got to be better than this guy It was cool later we ended up becoming friends and then he asked me he asked me if I would coach him Because he was a he was a bigger bodybuilder He had really nice eyes beautiful legs really nice back But he wasn't able to get the conditioning that I had gotten so we teamed up and then we won shows He was he was really good That's awesome, but if that's the cool thing about competing is you know like we want to be better right? We want to we want to improve and that's that like outside catalyst because Ben Pockowski He might have not ever had that kind of control of his posing had it not been for you You you force him to raise the bar, you know Well, I think we we all force each other over time and it adds up and there's some big leap moments where you really get a lesson taught to you And there's a bunch of little lessons maybe you don't even realize you're learning and You know, maybe that is one of the ones, but I'll never forget what he said because he went out of his way to come up to me and tell me that He's when he got home and saw the video. He realized why he didn't win and He's like yeah, you you you out post me you beat me in the back double You beat me and then he told me he goes you beat me in the ab thigh And I've the best legs in the country And it's like so soon the world Yeah, yeah, like and he's like cuz you know You know how guys do that lazy ab thigh where they they do the ab thigh and they hold it for like one second And they can't hold it so then they go to the one arm. Yep, and then they go into other arm and Then they're just lazy. It's just lazy because they can't hold the ab thigh and they're breathing so heavy Whereas I was always able to I don't know if it was from my martial arts training or whatever But I could hit an ab thigh lock it in and just breathe through my diaphragm and I could stand there's a like two minutes It's a really good pose on you, too. You know with your size and your size, you know small waist I think that shot looked really good on you So yeah, it was just one of those things and But you know, hey everyone gets your ass kicked and learn something you know and then Ben beating me taught me a lesson Because that was the year I accidentally got super flat for morning and I remember like the amount of regret I had over what happened. I was like fuck and then you know He came up to me at the night showing he's like what did you do? From morning and I go I drank like a gallon of water and he's like you look way fucking bigger Huh, and I just remember I remember my instincts All morning we're telling me to rehydrate. Yeah, but I was a but I was afraid to because I thought I would lose condition. I was like, oh, I don't want to put water and I'm so dry. Yeah, that was dry and flat Yeah, we're just nothing. Oh, and I remember my coach wasn't there and like he is a really good coach But he was like when you don't look flat in the pictures you just appeared and I'm like, I'm like really flamming I'm nothing going on and he's like well fuck your pictures are like too good Maybe I don't know but he you know he had me drink a bit of fluid But it just wasn't like enough and then after this pre-judging I just fucking guzzled water at a big die-coke Fuck you know, I didn't even eat anything. I just drank and And came back at night just bursting with strations everywhere and it was like you know, and so that was a lesson of mine life You know, we all learned that lesson you're afraid to drink water, you know, yeah And then when you drink when you and all of a sudden you blow up and you look way better and you're like oh, fuck You know, I That's the thing though. This is being willing to learn the lesson is something that I think a lot of competitors don't do anymore They search for someone to tell them why they should have won So why they bring it on the internet and it drives me crazy cuz Ron, I had the exact same thing in reverse in 2013 at North Americans There was traffic I was late to pre-judging like as in I walked in drop my clothes through my arms out Three ladies glazed me and I walked on to the stage pretty much Yeah, and I knew the competitors and I came out and I'm in the fifth place spot and I'm looking at the top five and I know I'm third I'm not one or two they're way better than me I'm third and I get fifth place and I'm like what the fuck Like that is bullshit Then I saw the video and I was Ben Picozki the breathing was a mess because I basically literally ran in I wasn't thinking I was A mess and it showed and after I saw the videos like I'm really glad they put me in the top five Who right I could have gone out of that like it was it was you know The erasing especially for somebody who had competed now four times at the national level like you don't do that It was yeah Roodle so I really think that more people need to do that because I do feel like a lot of athletes in people in general The answer is just why was the most peeled guy? I should have won there are phrases. I was what? Because it's not a who's the most peeled guy Contest and it's not the who's the best guy in these five pictures and they just happened to ask dust It was abs tight for a fucking split second When they were blown out the rest of the time you know what I mean so I think you know the answer to that and what made Ben better What made you better is more people should ask themselves after a show Why did I not win don't say why should have I won yeah? I shouldn't I have won look for that thing that That you didn't do even if you don't agree yeah look for one god damn thing That you could say oh it was that because if not you're not taking ownership and I hate that shit Yeah, can I can I tell you one thing that I tell people and I get really really frustrated when they don't Listen or they don't understand how urgent I think it is But if you know the front relax pose the front double by the front lat spread everything from the front Your your upper quads have to be lit up Yep Adolf you have to be you have to be you have to be split up to your hips at all Fucking times absolutely meaning not one Second that you are on stage should your upper quads not be split and I tell this to people and they go yeah Yeah, yeah And then they walk on stage and their upper quads are not there and they're not split and they may be Maybe they split for a second when they hit a shot and they fade yeah, and then they get third And they go, oh I guess I got to be bigger. I'm like no you gave away at least one spot with your legs at least maybe two you could have one Like the number of times I've seen that and then people don't realize how urgent I'm being like It is a fucking emergency to make sure you can do that It it's it's When you're sitting in the crowd and ten body builders walk on stage and they all stand front relax First thing I do is V tape ring condition across the board yeah V tape ring condition and what's the condition marker the fucking legs Yeah, agreed and And if and if they're not split to the hip I don't know that you're not posing them. I just think you're not in shape and You don't get points for stuff you don't show me. Yeah. Oh Well my legs are shredded. Yeah, they don't look shredded so it doesn't matter It doesn't fucking matter how ripped your legs are if you can't pose them Yeah, and I just I get so worked up when I tell guys like upper quads upper quads upper quads and And you know that there's guys that put a lot of work into it like my training partner Braiden had a real hard time last year at his first show He couldn't get his upper quads. He just couldn't get the mind my mind muscle connection until literally like a week out And then it came and then when he walked on stage He did a great job of like in almost every photo his quads are our our all tight And he wound up winning the overall at his first show, right? So it was awesome But some people just don't they don't they don't realize how urgent it is and it's there's there's you know quads from the front and then like your glutes and Hams from the back that's another thing like when they hit back double biceps in the glutes relax Oh Come on yeah amateur hour amateur hour you don't get to win anything you don't get to win Yeah, you know, but that's that's a we I did that with Dan working with him before the show was I used to I just tell all my clients you have to be perfectly entire time Because if I can't land up as a judge and I see the glutes aren't in I don't go back to look and make sure you weren't hitting I'm like you know second chance. Yeah, he's fat. I'm done with you. He's fat I just move on. He's not fat put him in the middle and And also too as you move up the ranks the judges get less and less forgiving and more immediately ruthless Like at the entry level they might go that guy's more ripped He's not good at posing but he's clearly the best bodybuilder out of these group of five guys Yeah, and because it's an entry level show I have time to look Yeah, yeah But then you get to the extra we're in a super heavy weights. Yeah, let's let's go to let's go to nationals where they got a really long day Edited you think they're gonna give you think they're gonna give every guy every guy a second chance to impress them No not one single second chance. Yeah, you have one fucking job and I tell guys I'm like there's a whole bunch of of stuff that's less important than that like You know the quads being tight in the front shots is such a key because that's the stats that pose You're in for the vast majority of the time you're on stage Right you're standing there in a front relaxed or you're doing a front double or a front last bread It takes up like what 50% of your stage time is standing in the front A lot of it when you're so when your class is big enough If you're not doing that from the front, I don't even need to look at your back Because I don't even look at your back You're done Because they're seven guys that are that are peeled their hip already So by the time you're turning around, I'm looking at those seven Yeah, it's over with sorry, but And they don't get it some people don't get it and they they take their level one posing Then maybe did them well and they just take that to the level two or level three and then they're like What happened? I got my ass kicked yeah, like a level one posing man Yeah, you know and I don't mean to like get so I just I feel like sometimes when I let myself get a little bit urgent about this People actually get the message because they come up to me and say stuff like hey I ran you did I got it, you know But that's you gotta get you gotta listen Yeah, it's just it's just it's really really really really important You know It is it's but it's baffling though because you spend 16 weeks with every single thought being the show And then you leave out something enormous. I had the same thing I'm working with a guy currently that's a classic physique guy and he's not perfectly built for it um and I started seeing his pictures wearing the offseason. I'm like You know your planks and your vacuums I've loosened up a little bit. I go did you notice that I knew That's the most important thing for you. I'd like you to skip rose Huh if need be right like some guys can see a fucking leg game Because you well that's thing is so you know What I'm sorry I lied he is a men's physique guy so he's in the gym blasting his fucking legs And I want him to do that don't be wrong sure, but if I had to trade Then I want to do it as vacuums as planks and Any transverse abdominal work and skipping quads altogether because they're covered Like yeah, you know and again, I mean it's not that I want to do that, but it's funny because people get Away from the stuff that's not sexy But if Ron didn't kill himself in the basement with the fan with a diet coke By the fifth round he would have lost Because eight no one gets ready for eight. I'm sorry like You know no one gets ready for eight court eight sets of quarter turns in me. Oh, it's not that is brutal You're part of the closing of you dumb you're usually like I used to always say okay They're never gonna turn us more than three times so I'm gonna practice five Every day and I never did more than five on stage ever So what I will tell you as you advance again like you said Ron at the Olympia you'll do more than five At the Arnold do more than five Yeah, so yeah, you're right like everything has to go up and in and work, but It's crazy that it gets messed because you'll put all that time and and it's something to be I mean I've done it so I can tell you there's nothing quite like getting fifth when you were good enough to get third And you've deserved fifth maybe even six because you fucked up. Yeah Yeah, you know what what about the What about if we change the question a bit? I mean I think 2013 is probably the year you've mentioned that it was like your was at like your rough here Was at 2012 most humbling No, most humbling show so 12 was the worst year 12 and I mean I was That was the situation I'll never forget because I'm prepping for the show I had a bunch of personal shift going on I was executing everything like I always do and I remember the night before the show Trying to get pictures for Chris and Going to 900 different spots trying to find lighting that looked good and the reason I couldn't find lighting that look good Yeah, I could have I could have been in perfect lighting and it was because the physique just didn't come along You know that was different because it was it was a wake-up call in reverse It was kind of like what we were talking about the other day about money It was don't get ready for a show if you're not in a place to do a show Because I executed perfectly. I've never cheated on a diet my day in my fucking life I've never done one step less of cardio nothing and that show I looked off-season But I got to the stage. I took right hand. This wasn't air and Thank God it was the weakest depth class I'd ever done or I would have taken lower I mean it was right to look at who it only mean yeah, yeah, oh I would have just done worse. I already was more people to do worse So yeah, you know it was just one of those scenarios, but that was again a wake-up. It's like So literally after that show the next morning I was doing cardio and getting ready for the USS Which is just November USA's the end of July. I wasn't literally dieting But I literally said to myself okay eliminate everything from your life that could get in the way People things anything and it was never an issue again because it was again It was a learning thing and it was a broom because People the assumption is you didn't do your diet or you did something wrong It was way worse than that did it all right and nothing worked because I was a moron in my personal life Yeah, yeah Crazy which touches like the money yeah, I think the most humbling experience I ever had on stage Was 2013 at Nationals and it's the only time I ever did the Canada's and didn't make the top five I wound up in six I was in the first call-out But then they added a six guy to the call-out and then they bumped me to six and I didn't know I had no idea I wasn't gonna make top five. I thought I was at fucking shoe in for top five Just because I was looking around the lineup. I was like all I'm not at my best it was a bad year I was injured a bunch of times but I'm here and I'm top five again and then at the night show when they called it when they called the top five finalists and they didn't call my number I remember just being like oh man what the fuck my world My world collapsed on me because I'd never not been a top guy and And there's like 25 guys in the class and I wound up six and it was like a nightmare scenario for me that I didn't make the top five right didn't get to do my posing routine Right only top five pose so I was just a fucking I felt like a nobody I'm like I'm fucking I'm a nobody now but the fuck I get was really really a bomber and Looking back on it I shouldn't have done the fucking show I had two Quad tears during the prep So 16 week 16 weeks out I was squatting with four plates and Like a 50 pound 50 pounds of chain on each side Like heavy squatting so the chains reset to load out of the you know You come out of the hole about halfway up they would load off the ground right yeah Yeah, and as I came up I felt a crunch crunch crunch in my inner inner upper quad And it was and I knew something was wrong. So I racked the bar and I went to squat down and it hurt So I was like oh fuck I think I just tore something my leg looked fine like I didn't tear anything off the bone But I tore some muscle fibers badly because my leg turned purple and We went to the honor classic the following week and I was at the booth all weekend with a big swollen purple leg You know I had a compression I had a compression sock on and everything and it took about a month before I could train quad again So now we're 12 weeks out Right and we're 12 weeks out and I'm like okay everything's going good I'm losing weight my prep's good. I just now that my legs fine. I can train it again, right? I'll be fine. I'll be fine. I'm going to eat eight so I can win and even though I got an injury Right whatever So my quad's feeling good. It's feeling good. I'm fine and then about three weeks out I was leg pressing and my upper outer quad Popped You know that upper outer quad poppuff. You've ever had that happen and Right away it was really sore really hurt. I couldn't put weight on it and we're three weeks out And I'm like well fuck and So I was trying to do some light extension see at the blood in there, but my leg was all smooth and it took While the show was three weeks away and it took four weeks for the fluid to go So like I went to the show and I had one quad that was harder than the other But in my head I'm like well, I'm I'm 262 I'm in good shape And I'm always a top two guys so I'm gonna go there and kick some ass and cross my fingers and I'll just show them the good leg and I can pose around this and I got this I was just indistinguishable nothing's gonna stop me I'm not I don't pull out of shows are you kidding? That's where people that tear packs and shit I didn't tear anything bad enough. I'm still fine and Then I went to show I'm got six and then afterwards the judges were like yeah you're conditioning Conditioning in your cuz you know how judges only have a few seconds to look at you Of course and they're like yeah, you're conditioning in your legs just wasn't on par with how you normally look But it was really one leg But they don't know they don't have the time once they're scanning across They just they're done with you. That's how immersive that you know They're not gonna take the time to figure out why one leg is watery right? They give you you give you points for it Yeah, and and I just remember afterwards I was like I'm such a fucking idiot I could have looked in the mirror and See that I wasn't Ready to win the whole fucking show I mean I got some shot I got some shots from that show. I got a side chest pose right just like fucking huge Because one of the things was I knew my leg wasn't like I knew that like taking Diaretics doesn't get swelling out right so I thought well I better be full So I ate and loaded for that show like my chest was like my side chest was just fucking enormous and I remember thinking I remember in my hotel room. I was like I'm not the leanest I've ever been But I'm fucking big Like I'm I win this and then it just doesn't matter everybody else is big too buddy You know of the reverse Yeah, you got it, you know we get we get stuck in our heads and you know I was just thinking oh, I'm I don't quit. I don't quit. You know, because that's how I always was like it doesn't matter What I'll just fucking figure it out, you know, but then that that I remember the flight home from that show was a lot of like what a waste of time money Drugs Just everything possibly growth that could have went for next year Last time the else season I think it's funny that you have the reverse things too though because the the first USA's I did Wow as backstage I was just looking around and Scott that was 2010 so Jason hell one that year okay Oh, yeah, everyone in the top 10 is a pro now I'm super heavy. I mean, but I'll never forget I was on a backstage. I'm looking around and I get on stage and I got done and I was in the top five and all those thing in the whole time It's God these fucking guys are so big You know and I don't have pretty shake So I was like this is brutal and I come out and a C2 goes you are fucking massive that was like I am Then I saw the pictures I was like I'm ugly as fuck, but he's not wrong Yeah, I look really big next to these guys Yeah, because I think in my head I just knew they were all better so I mean it was like I'm smaller and I'm together. I'm fucked. You know what I mean? Did you guys see the video of that like that poor sport Guy that was like yelling oh, yeah, did you see that video? Oh, yeah, yeah That was from somewhere in the middle east wasn't it because there was like some Not sure if it was just like an Arabic page I was on or if it was a Middle East show But the guy like sat down on the stage too didn't he? Yeah, it was unreal real. They were called I can't remember what it was but there somebody caught on the Iranian bumps. Why's the Iranian bumps that so mad? Oh, it's because he was like he had a good he was put together. He was he looked great But he was pissed about some Yeah, he was like yelling at the judges and fucking making a big scene on stage and yeah, and he had a little sit in I don't know that was about protesting something. It's always good for you They'll usually change it for you on the spot if you just sit down. I love that I should have tried that in 2012 and maybe I'd have got my pro card then even though I socked There's just sat on the stage. Steve would have been like yeah, yeah, yeah, I'm gonna do my pro card. Yeah Well, you know It was nice. We're smashing my most painful competitive memory with you guys But you're up. I can all we can all go be sad now. I'm gonna go have sex. But I gotta go So so so so so so here's a lesson for everybody you got to learn from your mistakes and and You didn't win the show because you didn't deserve to win the show How's that? It's a good lesson. You know what the best advice I was ever given it was so great From one of one of my early Coaches was don't give them a choice Yeah, the biggest most ripped Best posed if you do all those things you don't give them a choice But if one of those things that weakness they now have a choice and fun to have a choice disagree Yeah, yeah, and and I One of the most common things people ask me is is You know because I got you know all those second places that pro qualifiers, right? So people often ask like oh that must have really you know Fubble black and like obviously there was a couple years where I thought I was gonna win just because of what I thought Like we know so I was upset but I never ever ever Carried at any where past that because I always thought it's my own fault for allowing it to be close Yeah, like because you know like if like I lost a couple one point decisions and I lost a couple where I had You know two judges had me first and four judges had me second or whatever You know it's yeah my fault You know so what if a couple judges had me first who gives a fuck? There's seven judges you need four of them. It's your own fault and if you're only trying to get four of them That's another mistake should be trying to get seven of them Yep So yeah, you just close calls or losses. Sorry. That's just how it goes and you can't do a lot of or blame anybody and You know sometimes I hear people complain about their placing and I'm like Fuck don't complain to me Never a good look So anyways If you got to go dusty Yep, I got to pick up children Okay, well remember to Like share subscribe comment and Ring the bell We didn't do that at the beginning we needed run How did the fucking show without even we did that we did this thing like you did on a podcast wrong We were talking and then we just next thing I know we were in the show and then you were here and You know you had it and I was running behind you're fucking discount code because you were here and it was crazy Thanks for you Yes, remember I am mutant dot com Big Ron 20 Thanks everybody Thanks everybody remember it's just body building Yeah, there we go