Hey everybody welcome to it's just body building. I'm a big round part low and of course Dusty handsha and the producer Scott McNally Of course wouldn't have it any other way Remember like share subscribe comment and Yes, exactly remember I am mutant calm But I'm eating calm get your ice will surge get your all in get your big greens and of course your mind FK and And everyone should be on the gear so get on the gear. Yes, I am mutant calm go there order your stuff Save 20% Help us out use Ron or Dusty as your code save money don't have to leave the house delivered right to your doorstep extremely fast delivery Avoid people I keep thinking this is very important I don't know why more people aren't listening people people people people people people people people You suck yes, so there you go I'm in calm I wonder if that's a message they want us to give people I know we'd be a new t-shirt mutant people suck Yeah, mutin avoid people yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, I am mutant calm. Yeah, I don't know if they're perfect shirt I don't think it would work for me. So And everybody's fired. Yeah, yeah, yeah, I know it has a job. Yeah, it goes our sponsorship that sucked So everything's been going really good. I've had a great couple of weeks I have to say not like I want to be one of those old guys that talks about the weather, but we have so far avoided the brutal Ugly heat that we sometimes get in August It's just knows up there but the iglesan all that oh no we get like wow I could take what you guys would call like hundred plus days Yeah, we get a bunch of those in August usually Haven't had any yet we're in easy street on easy street because I hate that stuff Yeah, so I'm just kind of like this for the rest of the month. You know I'm hanging in it. How are you guys doing? fantastic I'm just Amped because We got bodybuilding like full swing. I'm going to my first big show like National level show in years next week. I'm going to the North Americans. Oh shit I haven't been an age this man. Oh, I love that show. I don't think I've went since like 15 so it's probably like a decade since I've been And I'm staying in my same hotel that used to stay when I competed. Yeah, that's the host hotel No, okay. Oh, I always stayed in the host right across the street from cheesecake factory walking distance to LA fitness Everything I need right there It's gonna be like a walk down memory lane and I love it I know where to take Tommy for pictures. Nice. So is there a stealers game going on? You know I don't know because I won't be there So the bodybuilding is Thursday Friday at noon. I'm catching a flight and going back to Fort Lauderdale for the weekend because I'm shit I'm like I'm already booked for my flights and Nikki said I want to go for a lot of that weekend I was like well and change my flights So there we go. Yeah, yeah, for the races. Okay. I only ask I I went and bought a PS5 So I've been playing Madden I've been playing a couple games of Madden every night for bed just a little just yeah job It's said a surfing YouTube aimlessly. I've swapped screen time So less pointless YouTube surfing and now I hammer out a couple games of Madden before bed And I am full on like super into football now Like more than I have been in years and years and years. I'm like oh shit. So I you know I might do watching all the games now. Yeah. I got my dad's in Football NFL football past watch all the games now So nice. I don't know about here. We use the app called dazzling and it has NFL on it You can like download it and put on on your TV and all that. It's awesome So who is your team then? I've always been a 49ers fan ever since I was a kid You know I grew up with Joe Montana Jerry Rice all those guys went in for Super Bowl I was like when I was a little kid I was watching the 49ers when you know four Super Bowl's in the 80s right and And then when I was a high school I was like still the Niners fan hardcore and then they won the 95 Super Bowl was Steve Young So I was still like just fresh out of playing football at that point I was still a huge nineners fan growing up So I still root for the Niners. I also root for the Steelers I always like the Steelers there are hard kind of old school football, you know and obviously the 85 bears I remember watching that game when I was 10 years old watching the 85 bears destroy the Patriots in the In the final you know with Walter Peyton and that whole team that 85 bears was like the perfect team Yeah, and so I kind of like those legacy teams, you know I don't really find myself cheering for like you know new newer down. Cheer for like Newer teams. I just it's always a old school guys, you know, yeah the buck and years to the the year the Tampa Bay buck and years won the Super Bowl was like oh two or something The beat the Raiders they had Mike all stopped on their team. I was a huge Mike all stop fan He's on my favorite running back and so I was a big bucks fan the year they won the Super Bowl there So then when Brady joined the box and one another Super Bowl. I was like really cool. I was like oh this is awesome Because I was like the buck's team. So yeah, those are my teams. I I hated I was like a Patriot Hater Until Brady got like his fourth ring and then I was like oh I'm just being a Hater This guy's the best and then after Super Bowl five the big comeback Yeah the 283 comeback after that. I was like fully on board. I'm like Brady's goat Brady all day cheer for like no like you know eventually just face reality and you're gonna be an effect in Hater You know so Yeah, that's my football story I like it you know so I started to because they screwed up college football Which was the only football I watched right last season I decided to pick a team I went with the bills because I should team Josh Allen. Yeah, I like the bills to and I've got some great data that I picked up yesterday the average During a game number of beers consumed Across the league the bills fans win and the average is 8.6 beers a game Wow wow Having not won any Super Bowl. I think you need 8 points Oh man I remember those three in a row they lost yeah Like Shit I remember watch how much all three of those games with all my friends you know giant cowboys red skins Lies lost lost my good friends mother is like a die hard like goes to every single event So now I'm in good company like she's had season you can't get season tickets there It's like a 10 year waiting list. She's had them for like 25 years So I might just find my way to a game now. Yeah, how should we yeah Kick off with your great subject run yeah, so I we thought this would be a good good topic posing for your show a lot of people getting ready for shows right now posing obviously important some of you realize how important it is I helped one of Justin Chir's clients with his shots yesterday I just met him at West Coast and we went ran through poses with them and the kid was already on the right is names Quinn Quinn Saint Piery Follow my Instagram tons of potential trains hard great guy But I helped him with his poses, you know is you know friend of Justin the friend ours right and She put up that back last bread. This is this is five minutes Yeah, this is a different credible change so like sometimes we say you guys work on your posing and it goes in one ear and out the other and you guys think you know what you're doing But this is five minutes. That's the same day Yeah, right that's that's like that's just his check in with Justin or whatever and then after I helped him with the pose He sent him another one so You know that's that's just Clapsing with the chest and kind of rounding the back on the one-lots spread and Then there's a bit of an adjustment with the legs and stuff too, but then it was just lifting the chest and stretching out the back across his body and Look at the difference in the back, you know, so That's that's what posing does you know you can either take two years and improve your back that much Or you can work on your rear-lots spread and get it just right and And so like get someone to help you with your posing like start early Work your ass off, you know, it's not as simple as just oh, yeah, I got my side chest. Yeah, do you have it perfected? There's your side chest look the best it can look like You sure there's nothing you can do to make it look better You know and you've got to put that effort in and and not just be so easily satisfied with what you see in the mirror for a split second Can you hold that pose for ten seconds without letting something go? You know there's so many other things that just thinking you know how to pose and I'm tired of seeing people think they know how to pose and then on stage It's just a slaughter Because nothing's nothing's right, you know, they're not needless to need yeah, needless stuff You have something you can control yeah like you can fix it now like imagine as someone said hey If you just work really hard at posing you can save yourself six weeks of dieting Imagine as someone Told you that Wouldn't that be a great idea or Someone said hey you could add 15 pounds of muscle if you just practice your posing you'd practice your posing Like I feel like the other thing if you look at these two pictures left and right Notice it looks like he has short legs in a long torso on the left Like his body actually looks different and it's very slight like he's standing a little taller in this in the better photo Yeah, it's the little less crouch with the legs which makes it look more even Well, then look at all the I mean we the rear delts are solid in both But he's got no ramboyance on the left So I guess that's not so that's one week apart. I guess that's his old check-in and then his new check-in so I was that That's not so I Think that big key with that though is he didn't get that much heart he didn't gain 10 pounds of muscle no no That's opposing change. I look at the back that's just an adjustment right there and It's something we hammer home. I mean I've been working with Tommy get ready for North Americans on some little tweaks too because it's like I tell my clients the judges judge what you show them not what you have Yeah on the left he has what he has on the right but he's not showing it and that's the At a top-down show level show Doesn't make the cut on the left and then he's thinking oh I got all this work to do I'm gonna need a year or two to put it back on the picture on the right is a standout Right it's the same physique. I mean you just you can't press that enough on every pose To to make sure you bring your best possible package plus the other thing is is You should look like you're sturdy like you're not off balance. I feel like if I were bumping into him on the picture on the left He would Loses balance a little bit you know because you could see his weights not distributed evenly in his feet even right Whereas on the right he is planted to the ground which is allowing his glutes to fire better his hamps to fire better And for him to just be comfortable and he gets sitting up pose for five minutes to be had to yeah Yeah, yeah, yeah Just hugely important and and and and you know you don't have to hire someone like I taught myself how to pose I I don't quite get why it's so hard to learn to pose. I've said this before I think my martial arts background actually really helped me Because I spent so many years where everything had to be identical right like when I hit this this you know when I did my Cata or my former you know poomsay we called it in tech window But you're formed when you do your form patterns They have to be identical every time like it like it's precision that's what they're teaching you they're teaching you to Respect precision and Memorization and being perfect body position every time that's what the point of it is right it's discipline It's mental discipline and precision and caring about every little detail And so when I would do it like my hand would wind up in exactly the same spot in the air at every moment That in my kicks would be exactly the same spot in the air and so that's what posing is you have to replicate these things over and over and over Exactly the same way you just did them and I think just you know where your hands are in space I learned a lot of that from martial arts So I get that it might have been easier for me than most people Because a lot of people maybe have never done anything like that But it should still be able to see what's going on like you know, they think they're doing the ab thigh Well, you're back legs and not flexed right yeah look look look look at look at flex wheeler do it his other quad is split So that's what you need to do like it do all of it like So that's my frustration sometimes bodybuilding is the only sport that I know of Where people don't put the reps into the thing they're gonna perform on stage Because you gotta remember like the reps in the gym is to build the muscle But you know and NHL player Practices his shots over and over and over so that when it comes across to him in a game It's just second nature. It's like how many times we got a client where 50% of the time they hit the shot right and you're just hoping when they get on stage That this is the 50% yeah, yeah, come on get it this time and then they don't and you're like oh And that's because they didn't nail it to where I just had a guy last week and I told him I'm like he goes I get it most the time I'm like well that doesn't help us Yeah, that might not be most of the time. I need you to do it 100% of the time and if you practice it enough if you put in the reps You won't know how not to like yeah. I got to the point that if someone said like Step your left leg back and say you're right. I was like oh Oh shit. Okay, like Because I had planted the same way so many times It wasn't even a thought, you know well let's let's put it out there guys So we're telling everybody that they need to practice they're posing they need to be good at this it needs to just be not even second nature first nature This is just what you do When should how early into their Contest prep should they start posing how frequently should they work on their posing and how long should they work on their posing procession? Do you want to be really good then you do it in the opposite? Okay? Yeah, I should already know how to pose now because if you're if you can move your body in the offseason hitting it and when you're in prep is easy And then once you're in prep I mean to me You know you look at the same way you do training Yep, if you're training five days a week then you're posing five days a week You know, yeah, that's yeah you should be posing all the time. I mean I posed at home I think I ran through all my shots almost every day At least once Almost every day. I mean offseason there would have been days I didn't but I would always go through them you know what I mean and pre-contest I mean you know from the day the diet starts it's Absolutely every day. I'm going through all my poses and I'd laugh and how long start How long because I you know like because I'm wondering you know people are probably watching this at home Maybe they're getting ready for their first show right now and they're listening to their select Okay, yeah, be fup on this is this hey maybe even just five minutes a day at the start. Okay. Yeah, yeah, you know I mean even just five minutes a day, you know that there's hey sometimes five minutes is your whole class Yeah, right you also want to be prepared by the end yeah You want to build that to go like to me by the end you should be able to run through all your shots With five second holds three four rounds in a row. Yeah, problem yeah, and I tell clients when I was in Arizona Posting your garage It'll never be hotter than that on stage. Oh, and yeah, so that you can if you can set yourself up to where it's harder When you're when you're doing your practice then when Steve Weinberg is calling out your shots You're fine. I mean Ron talks about it. I mean he beat Ben Bacolsky by Practicing posing and eventually I mean that's what they'll do they go these two guys are too tight. Let's just see who dies Yeah, his abshot gets blowing out first right yep You know that to you too at those high levels. So wait for it. Oh, just a break when audience member It's fun to watch that you know that same like that school when you get to see that kind of a battle on stage Yeah, and you start to realize when they're doing it like I've you know there's been the odd time We're like oh, they're just trying to break when these guys Love it. No, and it happens at the very top level sometimes, you know, it's do one more round gentlemen one more round I've seen them do it. Switch sides I've seen you again just to put on a good show. You know what I mean? Yeah, yeah They'll do it at the state level here. It's it's fun because you get the audience revved up I've been in that a couple times at the state level. It's if there's nothing more exciting than when you get that moment You know, unless you're not prepared. I love it I think that the judge the head judge should do a top two or a top three confirmation call out at the night show in the big classes Just for fun. Like I think it's I think that even if it's not Crazy close. I think you know, maybe they'll do the top three then if it's like the winners obviously It's maybe do the top three confirmation. Yeah, I like it when when judges even at the local shows We'll do that confirmation round at the night show if it's a big class and it crowds really into it I think that's great great for everybody It's cool if you if you notice last week and this something that I liked pay attention to Jordan Hutchinson shots on his very last round against The who's he going at the top three calls. Yeah, yeah the top three It looked identical to the first one Yeah, he was not going to break it's like yeah, I can do this all day long. That's what I've been doing You know and when it was him against cue the week before there was just no fading and I think It's all the way down to the if you took a side by side of his side chest the first time in the last time Is same pose. Yeah, if anything he just got harder so this same picture You just maybe think about the strawberries in your in your new yeah. Yeah. No, I I I agree that not breaking thing man. I remember like The day after the show quite often my right upper quad would be sore From putting that leg forward and pushing against the floor to absolutely you know and then my Right glute and hamstring would be like scorched it got to work out because of all the back shots, you know and And yeah, I remember walking through an airport one time my hamstring and glute on that side We're so sore because I think died dehydration played a role in like making it way worse about yeah, and the next day I had like 10 out of 10 doms in my one glute and ham And I was like limping through the airport like would I tear something Like I was like that it was like the worst soreness you can get but day after the show and one hamstring It was really bizarre Yeah, just like thinking what the I must have been dehydrated and there's some trauma going on like you know So yeah, it's important you gotta be ready for it and be ready to work and It's just such a waste when you see somebody like you know I I remember having a client who's peeled out of his mind Like you're one of those guys really like you got to see my client's glutes like I can't even believe them like there was like that guy But he couldn't flex anything And man I'm screaming out I'm flex your glutes flex your glutes and he's like walking on stage while he's walking on stage His glutes are totally shredded. Yeah, right? Just walking yeah, and then when he goes to pose He just relaxes him and I'm like flex your glutes That was screaming out of you know, it's just I hate that feeling yeah, so don't be that guy What's the follow-up on that one's gotten follow-up? I'm gonna switch it up guys There was a question that you had in your uh you put a question box together We got a bunch of questions by the way So a lot of times guys we do those interviews like we did with Jordan last week We don't get a lot of questions there But you guys have been slack a little bit. We need you to leave questions on YouTube Yeah, we need you we need you guys and also too People are leaving us questions over on Spotify. I went to throw it out there to you Spotify has grown tremendously like we are getting Not quite as many views on Spotify as we are on YouTube, but like it is freaking poppin So just a heads up I'm gonna start paying attention to the comments over there as well if you guys want to leave us anything I don't see it off hand, but I'm gonna paraphrase guy said It you become the god of the OVBB overnight Ron and or dusty What are the three rules the three new changes that you are going to implement? It made effective Well the first one for me is going to be Promoters are not allowed to have anything but a black backdrop and they can figure out how to put their sponsors above the athletes It's really not that complicated. They have these new things called ladders and We can see them so we'd start there What would you do Ron? I would have Cheer leaders for the men's open This this might attach to my current football You're kind of crossover there. Yeah, they're little crossover there. I'm like my football right yeah I'm thinking the NFL has the best sports they have the best sports product out there They're the best at marketing their sport and all the sports the NFL. They're proven They make the most money. It's the best business model. They make the most money. They're the most successful They have cheer leaders. I'm just saying That's what it needs to crossover and it's men's open big event right big money got the big fat check Where are the cheer leaders? I think there should be up and down the aisles Yeah, between guys like guy comes out when he's done his routine is walking off stage They're wearing that cheerleader and they do it like a quick lap through the line their chin and then they clear out again Next guy. I think this would add to the event. I don't know if there really need to be two more changes I think that one change Yes, significantly improve the experience All set after that what about what about if they started like with boxing like they had a ring girl who came out and it was like open body Belts she came out with the card, you know, I like the body weight you like heavy What kind of loss I like this yeah, I like the vibe and it's scantly clad of course Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, because hey Wokes over we won We're gonna do this anymore, right? We can't sit me swinging out there with the with a halter top and some jeans on She can hold a ring card. She'd probably love it Okay, she's the money. Yeah, yeah, I can't top that I've got I've got nothing good to add, you know I told you it's a shutdown. It's a sure leader's a shutdown that's it Yeah, we don't need all the background of the stage distracting from the cheerleaders and really if you have the cheerleaders You don't even need Bob No Yeah, they can hold the card or something right? Yeah, yeah, it's all they need I need to know what's going on Show this weekend the North Carolina gold's gold something or another gold gem something or another and they did that It was all Black background no, no, they did the black background though the other thing The last important but oh yeah, that's a nice impactful idea that okay, I got it Okay, yeah, well, I make background and it looks good. It's a bodybuilder's happy, but yeah, as I remember the crowd Yeah, I still take local level like my dad does not care if the background is pink black Right Scantly clad women walk Yeah, yeah, yeah, I've been supporting you and my worst background often find it a picture to send you guys It is it was so bad. This was in a little auditorium at Wayne State University I think it was like basically a large lecture hall and it was an orange cinder block wall behind us That was in Javal colors orange cinder block wall for physics with a bunch of orange bodybuilders standing up against it was the worst Pictures looked terrible everything looked awful Genius didn't afford a sheet. It's perfect. Yeah perfect I got to go to my buddy in oh Was your buddy freaking them on remember I said yeah, you know I know but I'm asking for who's your who's your buddy, right? Oh, I'm working sharp Yeah, that's That that pump is here to hang out for a few days So I got to go let him into my building and then I'll get back on the show immediately Ron has his own building everyone yeah, right? Okay, you too Coaching is going well He forgot he thought that I was actually asking him like I did you know what I mean he was like, oh don't you remember I told you to show Yeah, you didn't tell the rest of us yeah exactly man So I did see by the way Jordan was at the range Now that I like him following him a little closer seeing everything he does he was at the range the other day You know he's a he's a man of his word with the The things he picked up my he picked up my my every day carry the other day. Oh, he did Yes, he's a man finally got one. I was like oh, you're gonna love that thing good man I think I know just fits just fits it's good. It's a good fit Hey, so this question I'm gonna go to real quick while Ron's gone and I think I know your answer But I'm curious to hear it if you had to pick one set and tense of fire for the rest of your life What would you pick and why now you need to do the same one for all body parts for example Will maker for lateral raises Ress pause Ress pause for sure I'm always I just I think it's the best way to Pick a weight that you can only do for you know 10 11 reps And now you're doing 16 18 reps with the same weight, you know I think the the key with Ress pause that a lot of people don't get is Make it sure managing your time between each attempt You know, so whether you're somebody who looks and says okay 30 seconds 20 seconds whatever Whatever you do it's fine still consistently yeah make sure it's perfect and the big thing is is make sure you're taking deep breaths during Get that oxygen in you know make sure that muscles ready to rock but yeah I love a Ress pause plus when you're shooting for Progressive overload you really only have to beat one of those to have done it you know, I mean so Yeah, that's by far my favorite what would yours be? Well real quick I wanted to also follow that up when are you in Dante gonna do some training again? Have you ever if I could ever drag him out of California because you know I don't want to go there You're not going there. He's not leaving I've been trying my best to get into this move is entire operation But I feel like new some's doing a good job with that so we might get him out of there Yeah, I would say you know what I've been intimately is muscle rounds from four to two training lately Now so it's a cluster set a little bit more complicated to explain But it's six sets of four reps with a ten second break between each one But the the thing about this is you only go to failure one time so With four to two training if it's a full body workout each time you train You're gonna do like progressive upper and then like a pump lower and so for the pump lower it might be a muscle round So I can get more volume in while limiting the central nervous system stress because I found like after getting sick that I I can I can grow or regrow I think right if I if I get some volume in But the more times that I hit hard failure the more times that I'm texting my central nervous system So you get in you know six sets of four reps and here's the thing you just walk it right off the cliff So there's no let the constant reps so if you start to fail like I'm going one two Three and then at that fourth one I fail on then you're supposed to lower the weight So that you don't fail through the remainder of the set okay So it's that's it's it's a little bit different in that way, but it limits how much you text your central nervous system which Do it a be honest man. It's not something I used to think about in the past like I wanted to know how I could crank it up even more You know, I'd demolish the central nervous system and then do more on top of that right? Yeah exactly I actually never do are you doing rest pauses now like while you're dieting because you're looking for Pretty lean in it from what I saw an Instagram. I'm not really dieting. That's the thing is I just I just removed daily bullshit You know I mean yeah, we still eat out like I was to go out once twice a week But I feel like when I post a picture it should come with like a little thing on the side that says This is easier when you've had more muscle than this To just maintain you know main case What I'm doing to be as lean as I am and as big as I am would not have ever worked if I was trying to go up You know I'm saying yeah, yeah four meals a day right now and then one of those little David bars and that's That's my day Yeah, I do 500 grams of rice a day four slice of toast a day and You know and then my protein and that's it That's amazing are you adding any cardio to this or I do 20 minutes like five days a week okay, and that you like intense cardio too. Don't you yeah, let's get on the bike I mean it's not like over the intense, but I'll do You know seven miles on the bike in 20 minutes So it's quick, but I'm not killing I got watching a movie why I do it. Yeah, you know So but it's it's it's wild though how much if I could go back I would have added intense or more intense cardio in my off season because Like we trained like yesterday we're doing Artials for the first time I've done them in forever. Yeah, I've done my satin by the time my two train of art is I've done theirs. I'm grabbing the bar like I don't need anymore time. Let's go You know Yeah, and day whereas before I was like give me five minutes between a temp son and our DL you know Do you see your training with Turner Riddleson? Yeah, next week I got he's going up for North American students So we've penciled in a workout or two while we're up there which I always love turners Lunatic so yeah, we have some fun. Do you guys know we're gonna work out at We'll probably just train right across the way at that LF at this because he's got clients that weekend, but It doesn't matter it's uh what I like about training with Turner is what we'll do is we're going the gym We'll pick a movement and then I decide what we're doing and then the next movement he picks and he decides how we're doing it And we just make sure it's awful, you know Turner likes to throw in a lot of like All right, we'll go we'll get into partial is now I'm gonna hold you into the stretch position. You know just make every set hell Yeah, look it's a different run now. He came back without a hat You know He couldn't hear ya there he is. Did you lose your hat Ron? Yeah, he still had me too. Yeah, yeah, that's right. He sounds better when he's so they lost my hat on me Hey, it's so it's probably not gonna happen because there's like a thousand one way streets and Bridges and everything else to try to navigate your way through Pittsburgh But if you get a chance check out exercise warehouse that place is the bomb and they've got some old equipment You've never seen in your life and when you find it you're gonna wonder why you'd never trained on it before No way oh yeah, I might have to regret if he's got a space because all we need is like You know an hour to train and the drive so if he's got a guy just client just eight Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Over and get an hour workout and come back good. They have like I think upstairs They have like old wood plank floors so you're kind of like creaking on the on the On my joints there all by themselves. Yeah, we're good. Yeah, I wouldn't even know what's happening I remember I saw Seth Ferrosy there and it was right after Brett Wilkin had gotten his pro card So he was Brett Wilkin was still like you know 210 pounds at the time Yeah, you turn pro and they were getting to work her up there. Yeah That's fun over here like the only the only three or four people in the whole gym So what's up man? What's up, Ron? Oh, we got Morgan in the house now he's meeting the new dog and hanging out Broad is laptop up he's gonna do some work for a few hours while they get his room ready That's why he's hanging out at the house. Okay So he came out what to just hang out and train and Vancouver all that Yeah, I came out to train at West Coast iron with me. We're actually also gonna get a workout in at the compound I'm gonna go train at Brains place because Morgan's been out here several times Like he's been coming out ever since we opened West Coast, you know and and He's never had a session at Brains house So those of you that know my training partner has a sick home gym like just a few blocks away from my gym So we're gonna go have a Cheston by sept day at the compound today and then we're gonna do legs of West Coast tomorrow So it'll be we're all in yeah, be good time. You know it's extra great about Brains gym and I didn't I didn't really realize this until I saw post a video the other day on Instagram all the equipment Obviously that makes the gym but having the front garage door and the back garage door that you can open both Yeah, that's nice. Oh, yeah, it's cool. It's cool Blast the door is open and it's funny. We were training there. We had four of us in there the other day and you know like Coupled them you know Braden and Big Micre getting ready for shows, right? Yeah, so they like had their shirts off Like we were training adults and they're just training shirtless. Yeah, you know like what do you know My old school home home gym workout, right and you know, I just leave a shirt on where I'll pumped my You know, Jack my buddy Jack was in there. He says arms out. You know, and we look up and there's these little kids standing at the end of the driveway just staring into the garage Like this group of kids they were like like you know like 10 12 13 like that old just group of them Senate and the driveway just staring into the garage from like you know, it's about 60 feet of driveway to the garage and they're just like what is going on in there and the loud rap music was pumping out like old school Rapp pumping out and they would have do we're just staring like I think you would fire the next generation man Oh, I hopefully sent a few of them home a little bit different Change forever. Yeah, no The vision of what they want life. Yeah, yeah, you know the parents would be like I don't know what happened But he could be became obsessed with being big Muscle eight Heading more and oh, I don't know what happened. No, who's fault this is? Three four years is gonna be a knock on that garage door. Yeah, they're ready for a membership Yeah, they can see none of a movie right. Yeah, I'm coming back. I'm ready. Oh my god Did you guys see I think I sent it to you there was a video on Instagram of a guy who was like in it He was like the home gym Like the the big guy in the neighborhood the alpha the neighborhood. Oh, yeah, yeah, you guy walk. Oh, that was so hilarious Yeah, the new guy in the neighborhood is jacked. Yeah, yeah, that was maybe more jacked than the jacks guy in the neighborhood, you know Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, that's funny. It heads up the heybrone nod. Yeah, you know I remember the heybrone nod like when it goes all the way back to like the very beginning like I remember being like a I remember being a 17 year old bodybuilder Right with like guerrilla wear sweatshirt on and give you the impant and my parents had like take me out of town for a wedding We have to go to someone's wedding So I'm in some town somewhere I don't know anybody, you know, and I go to the local gym and it's just all like super normies like 1991 You know like just You know an old man reading a book on the app machine and just like just normie city and then there's one dude You look across the room and he's got like a team Michael on yeah, and he's doing shrugs and he looks at you and just It's up bro Nothing else he's been said, you know at that point in time the world was the bodybuilding world was so small And he just see one other member of it. You'd be like oh, I'm not alone And he had a spot that day. Yeah, oh, yeah, who to ask you know, it was go over hey man You want to spot me on late press? No problem, you know, what was his name and then you're of course your wife's like what was his name? Like I don't know I've had people in my own gym that I've been Yeah, I think two for a year or two Mickey's like what's his name like? I don't know is he married? I don't know what's he doing for a living? It's got great ones though You know, probably Yeah, it's properly spot me on the pole down without taking too much. I know that I saw a fantastic video Wasn't about bodybuilding but it reminded me of just Just how things are it was a woman and And she was doing a rant video on how she thinks it's just insane that guys can just roll up to the park and Play pickup basketball with other men that they don't know and they just all work so And everyone has fun and and then there was like a dude reacting to it like he's laughing He's like she's like they just make friends They don't even know their names They just all of a sudden coordinate teams and it just happens and they follow the rules and no one No one like tries to undercut any one or back to like and the guys like yeah, it's just chill We're just playing it just laugh it as ass off and she's like I would be a raccoid be like I get to get these people Like me do I bring muffins do I have like Just roll up to the park and we're gonna roll up like hey guys who's next You were next we've team three we got three three good we're good to go and I just thought with so funny I was like yeah, that's how guys are for sure, you know Here's a good one from Dusty's List what's the shortest offseason push that you guys have done or done with the client and Here's the big caveat and made good progress Geez like 18 months Shortest I'm like no none of them were I don't think I ever had one that was long enough Yeah, yeah, yeah, I mean I was gonna say the flip side of that is sometimes You know some of my best show looks were on the backs of terrible off seasons Because that happens too you almost get that like slingshot prep you know where you you know you've been You know like banged up and that is shitty offseason because something hurt and so you weren't even really cranking So you're probably Like you're like you're like you know like you're kind of fresh because you weren't really cranking because you were you know Couldn't really push and you know you stayed a little lighter because you couldn't really Train hard and you know you've favoring your knee and your elbow and your shoulder for For five months straight like I've had that happen and then you wind up yielding a really great stage look Because you were fresh So it's kind of funny how it works and then sometimes you get those crazy offseason's really like This is awesome, but I've also felt like that was kind of like a Hard slug like I went hard all year and then I went hard all Prep and you're like oh my god. Yeah, I don't know I gotta get into this So I don't know it's kind of funny to look at it's not always how you wind up on stage Obviously everyone wants a great offseason. No, but you know, I mean you need at least several months to make any significant changes I think that's the biggest thing to look at is In my opinion I hate when somebody puts up two photos. Let's say they're a good body brother And they're like progress from last year this year and I'm like which one's last year I'm looking and I know bodybuilding They're a great shape in both and you're like Like I always felt like I should be able to put up two photos and hand them to somebody who doesn't know and say Which one is better right and they could just go that one is and that's to me is the sign of a proper offseason I Mean to me I ask my clients don't be in a rush to pick up on the stage the same I want at least a year because a year We got to pull 16 weeks out to die it so now on eight months You know and that's not a lot of time if I want to see them put on ten pounds You know, so that's a tight window I do think that We all have those Everyone has a year or two in their bodybuilding career. They look back and go. I don't know what happened between here and here But I became a different person You know like for me from 2010 to 2011 I put the picture side by side and everyone what did you change? And I'm like nothing Yeah, yeah, it was just one more year and for whatever reason Everything fell into place you know So my answer is a year is the the perfect timeline and yes I've had clients make drastic changes in four months and get on stage again But all that tells me is what could we have done with eight months? Yeah, yeah Yeah, you know, so I still don't advise it. I'm just like well that was awesome But maybe next time we can go longer Yeah, I never had a short a short like bounce back and all the sudden things looked awesome It was always my longest ones the long and I think that goes to show like genetics right like the longer I took between shows the more progress I would make the shorter that I'll tell you what though with the shorter I feel like it was easier to get leaner When you it's like I just was lean last year, you know, you don't get a chance to get too fat if you're doing a show every year You know You take two years so you might have a little bit more work to do you know The one thing I did find on accident which I could never Replicate because I didn't have the discipline But I got some of my best gains because when you're at a surgery that put me out for like two months And I was like all right, I'm out but what ended up happening was when I came back to train All the little niggles that I wouldn't even call injuries just in knowing little things were gone Yeah, took the rest for then and again When I started training I blew up and I always told myself All right after this year's show I'm gonna take six weeks completely off to rest And I'll be better and then like a week and a half later. I'm like you know what we're gonna have is pretty close to six weeks I know It's like yeah, because if you look back like Ronnie you should do that. I think he said two or three months Three months off Yeah, every year train nothing so there is something to be said about stepping completely away And I hope that you're a better man than I and can you can actually do it because I couldn't I love to try and too much Yeah, I remember us hearing all those stories of Ronnie not training for two to three months after every Olympia and it wasn't like the Kevin the Vrone legend because that was like six months Yeah, like Partying to prep started yeah and partying yeah With with Ronnie it was just like just you know, is that home with the family? You know, and um And and you want to like man maybe maybe that's why he can maybe that's maybe that's part of the reason why you know We were all thinking like maybe maybe maybe is why he's so big like Can't be in this Yeah, because like we were just ever I just felt like in my my group my years of my sort of era of coming up We were also desperate to not get left behind by what was happening You know that was a crazy time when everyone was getting really big like I was you know I was bodybuilding in the 90s and it was just at an arms race to get as big as you possibly could like every year Someone else had gotten huge, you know like Dorian Dorian stepped up all the sudden one the oh and now it's like oh shit And then like NASA came and got way bigger sudden because NASA wasn't that big when he turned pro He was big and then he got humongous and then like everyone started getting bigger Kevin stage weight went up 20 pounds and you know everyone ever one is just it was that era where you're just desperately trying to knock it left behind By what was happening yeah, and the the last thing we would we would like think would actually be a thing would be taking three months off the gym That would perfect sense. Yeah, three months away from getting bigger to get bigger So we just all chucked it up to Ronnie be in Ronnie Yeah, whatever Doesn't he's doing doesn't matter right? Doesn't count so You know for us humans yeah, yeah What about this one? Okay, so this is Going to Vegas for the first time this year. I assume he's going to the oh name three things to avoid and Three things that you have to do in Vegas. Thank you gentlemen Well So if I try to think of someone who hasn't been to Vegas 30 plus times You know that changes your list right it makes you sort of jaded If I was like Holds this guy He doesn't say okay Well if I was a you know a young guy going to Vegas for the first time I would recommend I don't gonna go okay I wouldn't I don't care anymore I'm older but I would we used to love going to Vegas strip clubs Okay, you know the Vegas strip club the Vegas strip club was at least one time We're going to strip club like that would just a fun thing as go to the strip club have some fun There's just nothing like a Vegas strip club, you know what I mean and So that was always something I told the guys to do. I got your strippers wants a Vegas like you know Who wants to go anywhere else? Yeah, like I don't know I heard my amys good though But I'm just saying I'm not a strip club guy, but I heard the Vegas strip club was you know I recommend that I'm gonna tell you guys something you might not believe this I have never Once in my life ever Not even kind of been to a strip club. I've never been to a strip club in my life Wow, yeah never have I mean I'm not gonna say you're missing anything drastic But it just didn't you have been done it I mean I've heard all about it while my friends told me about it and I even had a friend who was like Yeah, this is what you do when you go there and you know he was like in fact he had an angle He was like when you go to the strip club You don't show any interest in the girls He's like you don't look at him You just talk to your buddies you don't even pay attention his plan is how to have sex with a stripper This is how it starts Probably not the best goal. Yeah, you don't even look at girls You don't treat him with any respect or anything like that you don't even care They don't even exist in your mind and when they come over to you. It's kind of like they're bothering like that's that's his angle And before you know it like then they're working for his attention is basically he was like it's a face It's a very like a always sunny Dennis type of routine It was so wrong. Yeah wrong But she will have sex with you because of the implications I don't like that sounds It's really dark You must understand what I'm saying the girls said no then the answer obviously is no No, but the thing is is she's not gonna say she would never say no because of the implication I Love that I know that what I like that's so great no, no, what I'm saying yeah Yeah, yeah, that's the best. Sorry took us on what's the what's the hotel that the that shows that now the Resorts world right yes, so One place you have to go is tacos Elgordo right across the street from Resorts. Well, it's I don't know if it is but sounds good I want that you walk in that place It's open all night all day like everything doesn't matter when you go in there There will be 60 people in line to get tacos and it is a madhouse and it is amazing Good enough that after we went last trip we went back the next day It's a life changing emotional experience tacos outgordo you're welcome everyone that goes Tell my sense you it won't mean shit, but I'll feel good at it Okay, yes, that place is a must things to avoid thinking that the next hotel is walking distance Oh Very important lesson does not have the floor There's no there's no will just walk down there. Okay. I always love watching new Vegas people You see him and they're like in the hotel breathe in hard you're like Where'd you walk from and they're like just two hotels a way I'm like so four miles cool. Yeah, cuz it's just over there You guys enjoy that I enjoy that I like the walk I do cuz there's you see also to stuff and if you do it properly stuff and things stuff and things you can walk through the hotels and And kind of find your way through a maze that will lead you to the next one and then you can continue doing that See inside the your conditioning. I remember I use a similar maze called Uber Right, I remember my first Olympia we were staying at the Mandela Bay. Yeah, and I was like oh I got to go check out fat burger cuz we didn't have fat burger in Canada yet. Okay So I was like I gotta go to fat burger and everyone's like yeah, this if you block down on strip like I'm gonna walk to fat burger From the Mandela Bay And on a map it's like yeah That's what it's far yeah, and then you walk there from that from that hotel and you realize that you made a huge mistake Yes, you've made a critical critical error. Yeah, yeah, that's a cute. I also would say If you haven't been to a Vegas show you should go to one a Good Vegas show I've been to all of them, but I still don't get bored So the one we went to was great the illusionist and the mind mentalist Yeah, that was like totally up my alley, you know because I've seen like a couple of circus delays and it's like cool But I was I was much more entertained by the mentalist and The illusionist that that show was fantastic. Yeah, we left there with brains broken Yeah, brocar brains. Yeah, really really great show So but you gotta see something if you appreciate that and then also two absinthe the show absinthe it's users It's outside in a small tent It's one of the best shows you're ever gonna see in Vegas. It's super off the wall and Just amazing and you got it I would highly recommend absinthe. It's one a bunch of awards like You know people it's like kind of a smaller show so people kind of it goes under the radar Right, but you gotta go see it. It's awesome if he's going for bodybuilding I assume this is like he's going for the Olympia you if you want to do the whole thing You can go to like there's the meat the Olympians. There's you know There's free stuff like stuff that you can do that doesn't cost you any extra I mean obviously the expo costs and he already knows about that I'm sure and then there's the press conference which you know It's like if you'll it's kind of cool if you've never seen it before to see that in person You know, well, it's not gonna be like a change your life thing But you do get a chance to kind of see everybody and hear them talk So I'd say if you've never done that before and you're a fan of the sport go to the press conference and check that I used to go to the press conference every year that was a big a big deal I thought that was a lot of those like the warm up for the weekend though. Yeah, yeah, yeah You're like get into that. All right. We're here for the Olympia mode also The drags layer sets up at the At the resort world now that you know set up like an outside out-door gym. Yeah, that's cool So that's a great way because you do not want to try to walk into The drivings layer during the Olympia week. No, is that bad, huh? I feel actually want to train if you want to see people great place to go if you want to get a workout Don't do One more before heading out there hit that spot What other gyms what other spots are they don't put a hide and irises gym because she's nuts I sat Scott you know where you know where the plates go like on the side of like a leg press where all the plates are Yeah, so we're waiting at a photo shoot and I'm sitting on top of the plates Yeah, just waiting and she comes over she was can't sit there. I'm like Okay, she's like you'll break it. I'm like this is literally its job Yeah, it's the whole weight And I was like I now understand why this gym is quiet. Okay, you own it That's me leaving my unbiased opinion that's not too direct I literally was like I would never walk through the doors of this gym again That's your non-google review dusty. Yes. I should leave a review But anyways, I remember I went to I can't remember which powerhouse it was But it was one of the powerhouses and I was staying at an Airbnb a little bit away from town And I ran into a crew of bodybuilders there. It was Matt Jensen He was there with Let me think Ian Valier So he had Ian was there. I just interviewed Ian for the first time like just like Ian was brand new It was like his first the right. Yeah, you know I'm trying to think who else was there. I remember Roman Fertz was hanging out with them What's her name who gets absolutely freaking peeled female bodybuilder super short you love her dusty Yeah, Michaela was there Michaela there and then Chris and Melissa Michaela Chris and Melissa were there. Okay, and it was like before they were all like super big And I was like hey, I'd really love to get you guys both on the show. They're like oh, yeah, they'd be cool You know we had like a little two second powwow you know five minute powwow after after they were done training I kind of I started talking to one of them in the other couple other you know They walked over and stuff so but then it you know I just never got that to happen The couple LVACs by the way there yeah, yeah, yeah Get into and get really good workouts that have Awesome because I don't know what the where the one is that's got like the 80s lights on the walls The LVAC on Maryland Parkway is still teal and purple is yeah, and Jim is Like day Yeah, I've got a bunch of old race legend where great Jim I know I go to the parkway LVAC a lot You will see people but you'll like I used to when I was when I was still like in it Yeah, I always train those weekends. Yeah, I get in there like six in the morning Yeah, and sure shit you'd see the four or five other people in there that needed to get their workouts in and you get a nasty workout on a great equipment And the rest of the gym is just the people who train there Yeah, it's it's not nailed down like the other ones because obviously I mean who doesn't want to go flex his gym Right to see it but if you need to train it hit that it's awesome. Yeah, and then I met dusty at that gym that was like way out of town Oh, yeah, we what was that called that little small one? It said underground it said hardcore gym on the on the sign Yeah, I can't even remember but it was little small J used to go out there Yeah, like little paintings on the wall and yeah, yeah, yeah He's a while and yep People yeah and that's so you will you will run into people no matter where you're at You might actually be able to talk to people in a place like that versus the wall the wall of right down there You know plus if you want to see like you know guys like that Truly training right then you need to go to those gyms and you're gonna watch how That guy or girl actually trains versus them trying to manage a pump workout before. Yeah, the expo. Yeah, lots to do in Vegas, lots not to do in Vegas. Just know it's going to be really expensive. Like everything, you know, when I look at my credit card bill after it's like $25. $25. $35. $35. $50. $50. $25. $35. $35. $100. You know, just in that's I don't look this morning. Yeah, look at my credit card. Everything's been converted to Canadian. Oh, yeah, number really bigger. So I'm like, you know, to say like, you know, say like, you know, steak house $175. Yeah. Like what? I'm like, oh, right, my bill was 100. Right. Right. Right. Like it's painful for you. Yeah, it's painful because everything gets magnified into Canadian dollars. So I'm like, you know, I bought a milk, you know, buy milk shake for you know, $7 in my credit card bill. It's $12. I'm like about a $12. Plus a $2.00. $12.00. $2.00. $1.00. $1.00. $1.00. $1.00. That's a cheap credit card. It's one more. $18.00. $18.00. Yeah. $18.00. Yeah. Yeah. Don't try to eat your usual egg white consumption in Vegas. Also, hopefully you want a $50 egg white bill because I've heard them by the egg white. Yeah. It's literally per one. And it's like $3.00. Break white. U.S. Yeah. Yeah. If I go again, I'm bringing food. At least for the first part of the weekend that way I have food available to me that's clean and I paid for it at home. That's what I'm going to do. I'm going to pretend I'm going to do that. I'm not going to do. Yeah. I'm going to bring a couple of meals and then the rest will just be expensive restaurant balls. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. The rest is hanging out with me and wish you didn't. I'm not getting weight that you're dusty. Hey guys, what was the most difficult thing that you had to figure out how to improve during your bodybuilding career? Caves and arms. Caves and arms. And I just, my calves finally just grew from a battle of attrition. Like, yeah. I'd beat them into submission. My calves grew when I trained them three times a week, which is like something I, you know, I was really dogmatic about the Dorian stuff in the first many years of my career and the training and I was like afraid to train things more frequently because I thought, well, they weren't recovery. You know, like, I'm training things so hard with like all the like heavy weights and, you know, partial reps and I'm bombing the shit out of stuff I need to recover. But when I finally gave up on that and just started training my calves more often, they finally grew. And they got to the point where I had like okay calves that like no one mentioned. Right? There's that they were good, but they were bad. That's no one mentioned them. Like they were just, they were okay. I would glide by on them. They were okay. So I did okay. But, um, and then arms was like a little bit of that too. Like, I had to just train them a little more often. You know, I started adding, I've, you know, some pump, like some pump sets on chest day as well as my arm day and then even on shoulder day, I do like a few sets of extensions and then same thing for biceps. And they finally kind of grew when I did that. I got my arms to the biggest I ever got them. So, you know, I don't know, you know, what I should have done early on, if you know what it changed things a little bit. I might have, you know, been better. But yeah, that's how I got those things to kind of eventually happen for me. Yeah. I mean, I've answered this a million times with a show. So most are, you know, but I had to throw out the idea of progressive overload on my biceps. Yeah, arms are just trying to just squeeze them and make sure my shoulders didn't get involved. I mean, to this day, I train lighter than most men in the gym on biceps. I just have to. There's a few things. Fortunately, like AJ has equipment that is so good at lockshooting a position and then I could just grip and rip. But if I'm doing like a barbell curl or dumbbell curl, a 35 pound dumbbell is like, that's kind of my peak. I'm good to go after that. I can move it with something bicep. And then the big thing that I would say is like Ron was saying about being dogmatic is even things that are going well, just make sure you're watching them. Right. You know, like, is what I'm doing making a muscle grow? Because it doesn't have to be a weakness for you to pay attention that other things are pulling away. When I started bodybuilding, I was all legs from hockey. And then a few years in a bodybuilding, I'm looking at him like I'm killing myself on legs. But my upper body is bigger than my lower body. What do I need to do? And I had to just look at what I was doing. So, this isn't working. And one of the times I start stripping things away to find a way to get him to lock. And I think the thing I ignored that I pushed to guys now is one of the reasons I asked about what sports they've played in the past is my legs could handle volume. I skated every day twice a day, three times a day, for, you know, the majority of my life. So, one workout of low volume wasn't enough. So, I, again, through the rulebook out the window, it's like, okay, we're going to do high intensity and high volume. And do it twice a week. And all of a sudden, things started shifting. At one point, Dante had me in the gym, training legs three times a week. Right. No, because it wasn't plan nice. I was knocking the shit out of them every time. And it breaks all the rules, guys talk about, what were you sore when you went into training legs? I was sore every day for seven months. Let's just look at what this is how dusty looks now. This is like very impressive dusty. Yeah, holding this. That's, that's, that's a very impressive, you know, gosh, yes. Yeah, you still got everything, you know? So, whatever you're doing now to hold everything is working. Well, we talked about his diet while you were away. It's not that impressive. I'm a food. I know. Please lack of food doesn't make sense. I think that that's a factor of what Dante told me forever, which is just when you've held size for so long. For me to get under 270 is like, I have to actually die it. Yeah, I think I was like 268 most pictures. Yeah. And that's eaten out a couple times a week, eaten four meals a day. But the big thing is, is everything is the same every day, just like bodybuilding. Yeah, you know, I mean, my meals are the same. And I don't know how people, like, you know, people, your clients will say, I'm so bored of eating. I don't want to think. I just eat because I'm like, I'm hungry. Yeah. And now I'm not hungry. You're mission accomplished. Right. You know, like, I've had taco meat in rice every day for like two years straight at least once a day. Yeah. I'm like, I'm lazy. I'll just do that again. Right now 93 seven never fails me. Yeah. So I think that goes right back into consistency. And then muscle does not want to go away when you've had it for a long time. Yeah. It's a nice silk perk, buddy. You can tell you're ready to lose and I got to starve myself like you did. Oh. Yeah. I'm 238 right now. Oh, yeah. I'm going to took you years of making your like starving plus he still trains harder. He could have sped it up, but he can't give up the gym, which neither. No, no, I still like to try. So that's that's part of it for sure. But you ever went to the while I eat a pizza and I'll be 244, you know, so we're going to send him home at 250 for me. No, no, no. You eat what I eat every meal. Let's go. I will not have it. We have a physique critique from Patreon and I will not get it on with you guys. You just go to Instagram here and Chris. I don't like it too much. I'm dressed. It's got some some good pictures here. I figured this would be a good place to go. Why is it always the guy that looks like this that wants a critique? You know, we're done. I know. That's what he says that on the left that's made of August, it's one pound difference. I love the scale means nothing. Yeah. It's got some words. You guys here quads, you know. It's got some quads, good good Z taper. They're glutes are coming in. I want to see blurry on my screen. Oh, you know what? I think I went to the whole hour second here we go. And we're also buttoned. There we go. These are the pictures I wanted. I was waiting to see if he had a backshot. I was like, yeah, but wait till he turns around. Oh, because we're pretty good. Come in. Yeah. Like how far out is this show? See, I started prepper up roughly the same way that I am now. Doesn't start moving to the show. Yeah, really say. I mean, he's doing a pretty good job, man. You know, I mean, what's more critique on is just where he's at? Like what does he need to improve? You know, I think that's a lot. So I'm not going to critique his condition at all because I don't know far out he is. So it doesn't it's irrelevant. But I will say like it looks like he's dying hard. Everything's coming in. Yeah. So I mean, I mean, he's on the path to getting wrapped. I mean, the glutes are coming. So like there you go. See, the glutes are pretty tight. So he's doing a great job. So aside from condition, which is like I said, coming along really well, you know, just needs mass. I mean, I don't really see anything glaring like, you know, he's got quads of e-taper from the front. You know, I mean, everyone needs bigger arms in the front double. I mean, that's not even a reasonable thing to say. See the backshot. All right. You know, most guys need more back. You know, he could use, I mean, who can't handle a bigger back? Right. Everybody's a bigger back. But he's generally pretty balanced. Like I guess his arms could be billed bigger for it. He's got big delts. He could handle some bigger arms to match his delts. And the track could come up. I'd say he's got pretty big shoulders. He doesn't really want to worry about that right now. Yeah. And everything else just kind of size up like, you know, I mean, again, the calves could use some more meat on them. So hammer the shit out of those and look at the difference in his traps in the left to the right. Yeah. Like the all the trepid, and that lower trap. It's like they just got a stung by a beer or something. So something like he's he's on the right the right track. But I would say right gear. Yeah. I would say bring the he's he's a brain the the arms up in the back up and you know, just size up, you know, through the back of the legs and a little bit more mass. But like there's nothing glaring sticking out. I'm not like, oh, the guy's got no quads or anything like that, you know? Right. That's really helpful. Because that's like that's the worst, right? Yeah. Just missing something. Like someone has no arms or no delts or like it's just art. Because they carry his supposed to be good at bodybuilding when there's really something missing. So good X-frame too. Like the X-frames great, you know? I was try to, you know, focus on the positive stuff. He's not missing anything and he's got a good frame. Yep. I would say, can you show me the side chest real quick, Scott? There you go. So the delts are big. Yeah. You see that you see like his biceps are stronger than the tries in that shot. And the reason I pointed out is if you go back to the rear double, he needs to get his twist his arms back further because I can't see his biceps in that rear double. Okay, especially the right one. Right. That's a quick tweak to your posing where the arms you have now will be bigger. Yeah. I mean, because you gotta remember the judges are below you guys. So when they're looking up, if that arm isn't twisted back far enough, they're looking to your side and your biceps. Yeah. Yeah. And he should just kind of roll it back a little bit. Yeah, just a little bit more to get those biceps to pop in there. And everything else, like you were saying, Ron, if somebody that looks this good is missing a body part, I almost don't want to tell them what to do because I'm like, I know he's doing everything because he didn't train the rest of his body to be that good and be missing it. Right. Whereas in his case, it's all there, I think what he needs is, you know, one more year times three, you know, he's going to get a little bit of a smart, you know, because I mean, the difference in those two shots are nuts. And that's from made August. Yeah. Right. Like, you know, so just just keep doing what you're doing longer and understand that like we were talking about earlier in the show. One year, you're going to have an enormous jump with no reason that it happens so drastically. But there's nothing missing that physique where I'm like, oh, he needs XYZ movement to get his yeah, you know, back thicker or whatever. I think you just need more time. And I would highly suggest do not start trying to think of what you need to change. I think you just need to keep doing what you're doing longer. Yeah. Yep. Yeah. Go with all the, I don't have anything to add to that honestly. You guys, I feel like that was a pretty good, uh, pretty good analysis. And yeah, you're right, Ron. It's always those guys that want the critique. You know what I'm saying, guys that are already pretty good. Yeah. If you don't know your good, I got news for you. You're very good. Yeah. The only thing I would say is that I find sometimes guys that have really big shoulders, like big delts front, dealt rear delts side delts and they need a little more back or chest. They just have to be a little bit cognizant to like, you know, not just not be pulling with their rear delts a lot and not messing with their front delts a lot. Like, you know, I would do to say, but just, you know, make sure you're aware of that you're not doing that. So my rear delts, always wanted to take over for me. And then you see the guys too, the same thing with like guys that have like really crazy biceps, but they don't have a back, you know. Yeah. Their biceps are pulling. Yeah. I've even had someone where I told them I'm going to stop training where your delts, like, don't even do rear delts. Yeah. Don't need them. Because your high row, like their elbows out like upper back row, that has your rear delts fine. They don't need to waste any time training and they're plenty big. Because the rear delts on this guy that I was talking about is like, was like the biggest muscle on his back. Yeah. So it's like stop training them because he did them all the time, right? You know, you don't need to train them. They'll just stay that size because you're rose and then you can get your back to catch up. Yep. Yeah. 100%. Great physique though. Anything else you guys wanted to make sure we tackled? I mean, I feel like this week there wasn't like a lot going on in bodybuilding. You know, there's no big shows. There's no crazy news, nothing nobody said something about somebody that not that we do that kind of content, you know, but right, right, right, right. I'm happy. Somebody, we had to talk about it. I'm happy Paul guys channel back. I know that. Oh yeah, yeah. I'm talking about it. But that's great. That's great news. You know, I talked to him. I said, yeah, wherever one is afraid they were next, you know. Yeah. He thinks he just got mass reported. Yeah. Yeah. Which is cool. They were able to sort that out. You know, yeah, for sure. But yeah, we were all worried, you know, a little bit. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. You know, they're coming for us. Hey, I wanted to give a quick shout out to a couple of my people that I was working with. They, uh, I had a guy who was going into the masters and at that gold's gym show in North Carolina and he won the masters division in classic. And then he was absolutely excited that he took a belief it was fifth place out of 12 guys in the open. He was like, I don't even think he was going to do open it first. I was like, nah, you got to do open. Since you're going to come in absolutely peel like you all throw a picture up later. But he came in really good. And uh, hard worker guy did like everything that I could ask in, uh, I mean, O'eran was 25 milligrams of wind stroke. That was it for the last three weeks. That was literally all the gear. He's peeled. So I want to say that so that when you guys see this conditioning, you realize it's not all the gear. And then the other guy completely natural because he's 16 shout out to Cade. He, uh, great. You guys, he killed it, man. He didn't complain once. We went all the way down to uh, protein fat. We reduced the protein. We should reduce the fat. Like he got an incredible shape plus you played football at school. So part of the year he was dealing with that, right? Because I've been working with him since like February I think. Yeah. And then after football, you know, he still has school to deal with went through finals and everything has a full time job that he's built for himself doing long care and stuff. Guys, he, uh, he saved up his money to buy equipment, gym equipment. And because he lives out in the country, lives on a farm. He literally built his own gym, like all these great commercial. He saw that. Awesome. You know, and he's literally a teenager. The guy didn't miss a beat, didn't sheet on the diet once, didn't ask for a cheap meal once. You know, like he, he was incredible. So he, he wants to take this as far as you can. So he competed. He had to, they, he couldn't compete in the NPC because he's under 18, right? So he, we found to show in the OCB in out of state in Colorado. So him and his mom hopped down a plane together and they flew to Colorado. And, uh, and he absolutely killed it man. Checked in every time I needed him to in the morning, you know, leading into the show and it was right on track with everything. I mean, both guys were Paul was as well. Um, but, you know, it's very impressive when a teenager can, can keep it together like that. And now we're working together on an off season. He wants to see how much muscle he can grow. Did you send this a picture of him? Yeah, that's when 16 years right? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So he's, he's doing incredible. So he, he ended up winning the team division. And he took fourth place in the Navist division out of a slew of guys. And he took, it was a team division was seven guys. And he ended up winning that. And then fourth place in Navis and fourth place in open. So there's a bunch of dudes there. And I mean, he's only going to do so much, you know, with respect he doesn't have a ton of muscle yet. He's only kid. Right. So the 17 year old version of my advice. It's not Costco membership and a bottle of test. It's Costco membership and a market place account to buy equipment. Yeah. Right. There you go. Yeah. There you go. There's more expensive version. Yeah. It's a little more expensive actually. I need your parents. You need to be living with your moment after that. Yeah. But yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Why is it garage full? Why can't I park my car in here? I'm getting really through show mom. Yeah. Love that. They have a little like, because they're in the farm. They had a pole burn that they weren't using for anything. Oh, no way. So it's his pole burn. No, oh, yeah. I thought it was. I thought it was literally the first few times he was sending me because he sent me some video showing me what he had or he's a weird gym. You're out. It looks very like, you know, right. I thought it was like the high school facility. You know, right. No, dude, that was his stuff. Yeah. That's cool. Start it down. Yeah. I was like, you know, do you have a seat at, you guys have a seated hamstring curl? It just like, no, I don't, but I could get one. You know, what kind should I get how start saving? I know how brain. That's like brain put up a video of us and all training at the compound the other day. That's what I talked about. I saw that. Dude, that was great. And a lot of the comments like one guy's like, oh, man, I made some mistakes in life. I kept lying cars. So I haven't buying cars. And I see what you got. And I'm like, damn, I shouldn't have been buying all those cars. You know what I mean? Yeah. And brains like, I don't even own a car. Brain drives. He does it. Yeah. He just drives his work truck everywhere. He's like, I don't know, you're car. I got work truck. Yeah. I'll set. You know, and equipment. Yep. That's not equipment. The breathing has, you could sell memberships to his people. Wow. He's training people out of it. Now like home business, right? He's got a personal training business running out of there. Good money. He's kids coming to see him. And, you know, you get to crank your own music in. Yep. Just train one on one with them. And yeah. So that's the way you want to do it. Yeah. I was younger. I would have that too. Just to avoid humans. Right. Again, back to the avoid people saved by percent mutants. I mean, I'm speaking. I have to bring this up because somebody asked and I have to do it anyway. Because it was on my mind. Yeah. But we had a question of a pet peeve in the job. Oh, yeah. And I have a big one. And it's, it's not that people know. Tell us, Dusty. But those who get on the treadmill and get on phone calls in their AirPods, because they're speaking loud enough to hear their own voice. Yeah. There's that. So they don't realize how loud it is. And you're on the bike or treadmill next to them, listen to your music. And all I can hear is you yelling in my ear. Oh. So I'd really like it if people just, I don't know. Just do your fucking cardio. Don't feel the need to be on a full. Are you even doing the cardio hard enough? If you just carry on a normal conversation, not in my eyes. But yeah, that's rough. It was a rough 20 minutes today. I'm home. Dusty doesn't like other people get things done. Got it. No. No. Get it done elsewhere. It's the same when they're walking around the gym on a call. I'm like, the walking around the gym on the call thing doesn't really bother me. But I just find it funny when like, you know, I got my headphones in, but you know, maybe a song ends. So there's gap. And I hear some guy like, oh, yeah. Yeah. Tell them that's fine. You know, and I really end he's like loading plates on a machine, talking to himself. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Tell them that's fine. Yeah. That's no problem. We can do that. You can get 10 of those. Like they're like running their business while they're training. I mean, hey, all the power to you. That's what you want to do. I just find it hilarious because it looks like they're talking to themselves. I just think, you know, we go back 30 years. We would think everyone was insane. There's people walking and talking to themselves. Just funny. It just sounds funny to me. I got it. I got this. I don't know where they to get around to me. If I can't, if I need to be on a call, it shouldn't be in the gym. And if I need to be in the gym, I have own businesses. It survived 90 minutes without me. Yeah. I will. I will get on my treadmill and I get cranked in and after I've caught my breath and everything. If I need to send a voice memo, like I want to explain to this guy what I'm doing. What I'll do, you know, I'll do it. But I'm in my own home. I wouldn't do that in public when you're trying to do cardio next to me. I just don't think if people realize that by point is it's louder. Like if you're having a walking or a treadmill and you were talking to them, that's fine. Obviously. But I don't think because I do it. Nick, you'll walk up and I'm going to sit and I'm like, I got three more to go. She's like, you're fucking yelling. I do that on the plane. Oh. And then I'm like, I was that guy. You don't have a main. So you're being odd to one off so you can hear your own voice. You literally yelled at the whole gym. You have three sets left. I do that on the plane. Victoria gets very embarrassed. Michael Scott's so funny. One more meme. Just one more. Watch this one. This one's the best season for episode six. Killed me every time. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's how the C. K. I take you anywhere. Scott. Oh, man. You guys were talking TV before we started. And I stopped you. I was like, stop for the show. There's a TV show you're watching dusty. Oh, you're watching a drama. Yeah. That. I don't know why you didn't turn me onto that earlier. Ron, since I know you've seen it. I mean, we watched an episode of we're like 20 minutes and I looked at him. Like this is a mess. I love it. Oh, it's just, it's just getting. We watched three episodes straight last time. I finally got a bad name. I'm like, I could have watched four more without it's a hard lesson in how badly the police. Oh, yeah. Bumbled and fumbled and completely screwed up the handling of him. They could have arrested him way before a nickname. Nor did the signs ignore the neighbors. They can call them. They didn't front of them. Yeah. And that neighbor kept calling and complaining and no one did a single thing. And it is a crazy story. And I remember, I was in high school when when that all like the late 80s or the 90s, right? I was coming into high school. I remember it like happening. I remember them catching every dollar. I remember seeing it in the news when they were like, how many of us apartment with like bags and you know, evidence. Yeah. Empty. Maybe there was a human head and you know, the faster there was the the Vat with the chemicals in it and the body disposal and the freezer full of meat and just insane shit. And I remember everyone being like, you know, because at the time that was like the ultimate predator. Yeah. You know, hitting the news and everything like people just couldn't comprehend. I mean, it already had some assam and all those killers. But he was cannibalizing them. And like it was the next level of like horror, real life horror that we were all living on the six o'clock news every night as the evidence of the case came out in the trial. Yeah. And like, you know, and that was back in a different time when we were all in a monoculture, right? Everyone was aware. Yeah. Nowadays like if you're my fits on in your algorithm, you haven't heard the news. You know, watch cable. You don't know that some guy got arrested for that. You need to be shit. Yeah. Plus he's happening like every other week. No. Yeah. Now back then that was the the days of the monoculture, which is a topic I love talking about by the way, if anyone wants to look into that. But we grew up in a monoculture and it's so amazing to think about how ever how connected everyone was by everything like that. Like the next day, you could just say, H.C. and news and everyone just be like, oh my god, like everyone knew what was going on. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's a great. So I think it's, you know, so we started obviously with the last show I told you we were watching. So we're on like a serial killer run. Okay. Also watching on on prime Hannibal have you seen that? No. Oh, yeah. They did great job of that. That was good show. We're into that one as well. Oh, man. He's a great actor. So you finished the profiler or whatever. Oh, yeah. It was called the profiler. My hunter. My hunter. Yeah. Yeah. That show was that good. And now we're just locked into serial killer. So, you know, just a normal night at the Han sauce deciding between Hannibal and we're on season two of Jack Ryan. And it's, I love that show. Like, great show. Really good. And season season. The moment was great, right? But season two, I feel like they took it up and not. I'm definitely plugged into that one. Ron, did you guys finish Fargo? We finished season four. Okay. Okay. So season four was a little slower of a lug. That was the little harder season. But it a payoff at the end was really good. I like how it wrapped up. And then when you realize like the little boy grows up and you realize my favorite character. These are my favorite character in the guy he's great. And you realize who the little boy becomes in the later in the earlier seasons. And you're like, oh, now it all kind of ties together. What do they make? Sure. Also, like, it wasn't my favorite season, but I thought Chris Rock was awesome in it. Oh, he really, really, really, really can he's a great actor man. Like, he really nailed that part. He did a fantastic job. And it's cool. Because we all think Chris Rock is a comedian and stuff. But he's got some, he's got the ability to, to lay it down as an actor. So great. So we're going to wrap up season five. We're going to finish the, we got the John Ham season coming up. So we'll see how that goes. It definitely is more energetic, energetic. It, it picks up and yeah, it's definitely it's going to it's good. You'll enjoy. I think you'll enjoy it. It's a little more fun too. Okay. Okay. Cool. Cool. Okay. So is that it, boys? That's good. We're showing the books. A show. We've, we've suggested shows that we're doing it all. We're good. So remember like share, subscribe comment and ring the bell. That's right. And remember, I'm you in dot com, go to i'm you in dot com, get your ice and surge, get your all in, get your mind if K and everyone should get on the gear. That's a gear. Okay. Big Ron and dusty are your codes. Save 20% of white people. Thanks everybody and remember it's just bodybuilding.