Yeah, I think most people, and I would feel this way, I mean completely transparent. If I didn't use trainer would feel like I left something on the table. So that's more the, but in my defense too, I don't have those sleek problems and trend that a lot of people have. So I mean, that sleep is much, but the quality of sleep is still really good. So I don't have to deal with that as much, but I'm with you. It can certainly be done. It's an individual thing, case by case basis. And if people want to leave it out, more power to them, just like you said, I love DHB. I think if I wasn't to use trainer, probably would use DHB. What's up guys? Welcome back to Blood Sweat and Gear with coaches. Skip, Hill, Andrew, Barry, and myself, Scott McNally, we're brought to you by TrueNutrition.com These are code, think over there. If you're in Canada, go to supplementsource.ca. They have great deals that change week to week and we are brought to you by you. The people of Patreon. Thank you guys very much for your support. Stuff I just came up with a topic for is that we thought we all thought would be fun. He said, how about this one? What should modern body builders be grateful for when compared to the old school preps of 20 plus years ago? It's a fun topic. I like this. Let's give one and we end on in order so it won't just take all of each others. Yeah, there you go. Go ahead, Skip. Okay. Great for for. I remember the only diet soda really that was any good was diet right. So I'm grateful that there are numerous options. I'm a, I'm a lacroye sparking water guy. Yeah, you are. Let's see what the only thing that you could flavor. I remember when it came out. Flavor your food with that was supposed to be like, ah, it's new cool butter buds. When that came out, man, all of a sudden we got to have potatoes. We're going to have baked potatoes. We're going to put butter buds on it. Oh, wait. The first ingredient is maltodextrin. Great, great move. They're real smart. Anyway, if you used artificial. Artificial. You're okay. It's a chemicals, a bunch of crap. But anyway, that was the prepping that prepping the early days. So grateful for he listed a bunch of things. I mean, well, hold on. Hold on, hold on. Because we're, what did you say intro? You're like, list one and we'll go around. Yeah, if you go around around circle. Okay. What about it? You're that I, we used to roast him, Skip. I know, I was just talking to those things like you wanted to do. Go ahead. Yeah, you were saying around. Go ahead, Andrew. I'm just clogging it up here. All right. So I want to say modern bodybuilders today have access to gear that a lot of guys back in the day just didn't have access to at least on like the local NPC love for even like the Gen Pop level that that want to pursue bodybuilding, but maybe not even get on stage. I mean, we've all we've felt so far as before about how hard it was to actually acquire you know, different BEDs and a lot of cases you had to make them on your own and then it became hard to do that. So I'll just say having an Amazon.com like a fact of being able to put an order in and have gear on your doorstep 2 to 3 days later. I think that's helped a lot. So we've got modern condiments and sugar free sugar free stuff diet foods that you can use. Those are, I think that is huge and they have so many of them now availability to gear. I think is huge. I'll add to that. I'll add to that. You don't what and it's something that we knock to not really knock, but as Skip, you've called it the giant sea of turds. There's so many coaches out there and a lot of them are the best, but we do have a lot of good coaches too. So I'll say the availability of coaching and education that I remember my first show. This is how I met my coach. I was posting on RX muscle when it first came out or it might have been MD. And I said, you know, I'm getting ready to do a show and I'm thinking about doing this show in Illinois and I mentioned something about the posing there. And I said, but I'm from Michigan, you know, and do I need to do this post, hit the post this way if I do the show in Illinois? And somebody commented back and he was like, oh, you're in Detroit, do you need somebody to help you with the show or something? You know, we started talking on DM and he was like, yeah, man, come on out to Farmington Hills Powerhouse, I'll take a look at you. So because of bodybuilding, I met a guy that I only met online in a locker room and took off all my clothes in front of him within the first five minutes. That was my experience with coaching was like meeting some random dude because I didn't have access to skip or anything like that, you know, at the time they were coaching was limited. It turned out to be a real good friend of mine to this day now, Rick Wettmore, and he helped me out of town and I learned a ton from him. He was coached by Dave Columbo at the time. So, and of course, he basically just did like the same stuff Dave did for him, you know what I mean? But I'll add that all that coaching. What do you got to get, what's your next one? Well, let me add one more thing to Scott's point about like meeting some guy that you met on the internet take your clothes off with them. Well, because the cool thing about the internet is it allows you to have that people, right? Like, oh, you guys got an Instagram, you coaches people now, you know, yeah. You know, if he says he's a coach, you know, he's a coach because he's got a body work to show it. Whereas because I'm thinking back to your point, I remember Scott, which got a gun the other way for you of, there was this guy who ran a thing called North American Bodybuilding. I'm sure you guys have got emails from him too in the past like 20 years ago. And his thing was he tried to get young, up and coming bodybuilders, descend him, posing pictures, and then like, so I, you know, I got an email and I was like, oh, someone's ditched in my bodybuilding. He wants to feature me in a magazine and try to get me a supplement contract. That was his pitch, a supplement contract. So I sent him like some pictures and stuff. And he's like, okay, cool. So for the artistic stuff, the guys want to know if you can do some nude portfolios. And I'm like, what? Like, there's no supplement company that's going to feature me nude in a magazine or something, you know? And so my point being is that it was a lot easier to hide your true motives back than I think. And now with the internet, you're able to kind of vet people on, oh, this is who they say they are. So because I could have gone the other way for YouTube Scott, where he's like, oh, yeah, I'm a coach. I help people out with bodybuilding, compose for me, body like, can, you know, you can DM your nude to anybody you want nowadays with modern body. Yeah, no, yeah, you're right. I did get lucky, I guess. I'm going to stay on the food area in the food area. I think the quality of food. And I'm saying this because I'm older now when I was younger, I really didn't care. I'd buy the cheapest chicken I could get like, if I can get it for a $1,000, I'll buy it. These days, I pay like 12 or 13 dollars a pound for chicken and it just shows up at my front door. And I don't have to spend the time to go get it. So the advancements in technology, I think, for food are great too. I mean, we have so much access to so much or I know people will say, all organic doesn't matter. If it doesn't matter to you, that's fine. But you're not 55 and you haven't been, I don't know, you know, taking compounds for 30 plus years that you want to make sure that your health is a good order so that you can continue to do what you're doing and enjoy your quality of life. So I'm going to, I'm going to stay in the foot. I think the advancements are availability to these types of things and it's not just food, but I'm staying focused on food. It's just leaps and bounds. It's just so much now at the same time. United States still lags behind a lot of other countries for our quality of food. We have to pay so much more through these whole foods and to get this quality of food where in other countries it's pretty much like that at every grocery store you go to. You go to the UK. Yeah. All of their grocery stores are expensive like whole foods and places like that. So here you just pay more and if you don't have the money too then I just just get the crap food. Dude, Gus, my friend of mine, a friend of mine that we're visiting from Australia and they came to do stuff at the Arnold cage, showed you their video, Gus and Sarah. So they did a tour around the US or around the Midwest really and they were fascinated by Walmart because Walmart you could buy like these super sized bags of cereal that were like XX XL and they're like, oh my god. Yeah, Walmart's so crazy. We really want to check that out and we really want to try American fast food. They got such a terrible picture of what American food is because the only grocery store they went to was Walmart. Like over there all their beef is delicious. It's awesome meat man. But you go to Walmart dude and you get the cheapest bottom of the, and that's their like man. Your guys' food isn't a taste terrible here. You know, because that's all they knew was that in fast food restaurants on the side of the highway and in Ohio. You know? We have so many fast food and I wasn't even that aware of that until being in Florida all the time now. But whereas like for Mont, we had Burger King McDonald's KFC, the Taco Bell, and Chipotle, right? Like those are like probably the main ones. You come down here and on my road alone. Cains. Never heard of it. Carl's Jr. Yeah, I mean like literally heard of it though. Every single fast food place I feel like is on this strip and if not, it's in Tampa or it's on the next highway over it. In a way that kind of discussed me to tell you the truth because you just see so many cars going there. But I'm a good back to topic. I'm going to say the training equipment. I think some innovators have done a really good job with, you know, particularly pieces for back and leg training where I'm just thinking, you know, way my body feels today and it's probably probably you probably have more aches and pains than I do. Having to just do rely on squats and dead lifts and barbell rows and dumbbell rows and those types of things like I don't know if I'd still be able to train regularly anymore if I was unable to get into machines that were just supported and had all these different nice angles. And you just saw a lot of guys have put some innovations and well thought out processes into designing the equipment. And so I'm thankful for that for sure. You know, I'm thinking of what, you know, even brands like Hammer Strength which has been around forever. A lot of their stuff is still good. But the newer brands like the new tech, the Penauda Prime, you know, Prime, like all the stuff is just great stuff that we didn't have access to what 20, 15, 10 years ago even. So yeah, the bottom body builders. In a way that might be, it might hold some younger body builders back that don't, as they build a base, but don't get the build the base of doing the basics, you know, over and over again. But then again, maybe they're going to be, the joints are going to be healthier when they're our age. So who knows? How about I, and I feel like I'm going to run out of stuff real quick now. But I'm going to throw in, I'll say, and this is kind of, I don't know, it's not as important, but there are some really good clothing brands in body building now. It's, it's so much more mainstream that if you wanted cool body building clothes, you had like, when I was younger, you had like gasped or you bought like an animal brand t-shirt. Like, most of it was like, just like oversized terrible feeling material clothing, you know, in the 2000, early 2000s, whereas now it's like, man, these, these sweats are like tailored to look good on you, no matter how much muscle you have, you know, in the materials real nice, great, you pay for it. They're like, you know, $120 for a pair of sweats, but not all of it though. Like, I've got some young, young, yellow shorts that were like 30 bucks. And the material, man, like, would put my hands in my pockets, I'm like, man, these shorts are like a nice, that's kind of like that kind of like spongy cotton, you know what I'm talking about, real kind of soft feeling. They're about 30 bucks or something. So yeah, I'll go with the new, the new clothes. And I think part of it is just because the sport is so much more popular now that there's enough of a market that companies are, you know, making stuff like this. Well, I saw an article, like a month or so ago about the guy that started Jim Shark, and he just started like stitching clothes together himself. He was going to do one business or the other and he had, let's say 500 bucks or something like that. And he just started making clothes and selling them to people. And now the companies worth like billions of dollars or something like that. And he's just like, and he's still maintains control, managerial control of the company. I mean, that just to think like a bodybuilder who just had an idea like, I'm going to make some clothing. And I know Jim Shark is not the most hardcore brand out there. So it maybe doesn't appeal to hardcore bodybuilders, but more so than general population. But I think it's more of a, you know, accredited to him for his business sense along with taking a passion of his and developing it into a very high earning brand, pretty, you know, just I like those stories. Just funny because that's where I was going to go with my next one is I'm going to speak for myself, not necessarily modern bodybuilders, but I am grateful for as much as I bitch about the internet and social media without it. I'd have a regular job of my life would be dramatically different. That's true. So being in the industry with that, you'd be Ken. Yeah, exactly. I mean, me not being in the position that I am would have altered my life so much because of raising four kids and the convenience that that it allowed me to be home, be more of a dad almost arguably make my wife feel like she was the one missing from sports and things like that because she had a regular job. And I'd have to remind her all the time. I'm just fortunate. And we're fortunate is a family that I'm able to do that and get the kids to where they, you know, where they go and you have a professional job and you're very good at your job and you're revered. So, you know, we're in a pretty good spot. I am very grateful for that part. But there's a lot of things I complain about, but without the technology, without the internet, without all the social media, I have a pretty boring, pretty boring average mediocre type of existence and income quite frankly. Yeah, that's a great one, man. We should probably enter if you've got one throw it out and I could think of some, I started to get more and more. Okay, yeah, I'm going to go say more than a year. Yeah. But I was going to say, you know, because I mentioned the access to PEDs in general, but I'm going to say the innovation with new PEDs, particularly to get people in the internet. Like, you know, the retitude tied, the SLUs, all the different peptides for healing, all these different things that we don't think of is just like your straight body building drugs, but in the game of body building really help people out, especially when they're dieting. You know, I mean, we all know we've done diets where it was, you got your chicken and rice and sometimes it was just chicken and veggies five, six times a day, you did your cardio and you suffered through it and, you know, it was a test of wheels on not cheating. Whereas today, people have a lot of modalities that can use to make the hurt side of body building a little bit easier going into prep and that goes with, you know, the sugar free stuff and all the different, I mean, an injured creamy, you can make a, you're protein powder taste like ice cream, like like, like whoever heard of that, you know. So just the innovations with both PEDs, food products, all that kind of stuff, just making the dieting part a lot easier. All right, and we'll move on because we know we had some other stuff. And we're on a tight schedule today. All throw my last one in then as, um, and it ties into Andrew's first, which was the availability of gear. I'll say like availability to TRT, you know, good luck in 2006 getting a TRT prescription, especially if you were under 35 years old. Like you really have to do some work to make that happen. All right, let's see. We got some other stuff here. You see Suma, I asked him to throw some questions out to us. And, uh, what does he say here? Oh, he was listening to some of his own. He was listening. Yeah, things of his own, uh, good tasting protein powders, streaming music services. Yeah, I challenge everybody at home who's watching this to share yours. What are, what are the things that you're grateful for in modern day body building? And it's really kind of a cool thing because, uh, you know, gratitude will, make you feel, you know, it'll, it'll gratitude will change your attitude if you're feeling like crap. So there's that. We all know that creatin is great for muscle building, but were you aware of its benefits for brain health? Uh, I think it's problems creatin. No, it's definitely pronounced creatin. No, it's definitely creatin. I'm positive. Yeah, that's pretty much what I said, creatin. Pre-eaten? Well, regardless of what you want to call it, creatin plays an important role in brain health. Research demonstration your brain needs a significant amount of ATP to perform difficult tasks supplementing with creatin will improve phosphocreatin stores, helping your brain produce more ATP. So if you're not on creatin now, give it a try. Check out true nutrition.com. Use our code, think over there. They got all your basic health supplements like creatin, protein powder. Everything else you can think of. Use our code, think to help support our programming, get some additional savings and get a great supplement. Yeah, this is definitely creatin. How about this one? We had somebody ask us, is it possible? And I know we've talked about this before, is it possible to grow into a show? And if so, is there, is there something that we do specifically to like, can we like set that up, skip? Like if I hired you as a coach, can I be like skip? I want to do this contest and I specifically want to grow into it. Can we make that happen? What would it take? I think on one hand, it's a bit of a misnomer and I'll explain why. But there are some people who are just genetically gifted who can grow into shows near their reasons for that. But it's kind of have to be an outlier to do that. Here's the misnomer. A lot of times growing into show, or growing into a show is actually getting peeled, getting your condition to be just insane, very low body fat. And then the last four, five, six weeks as calories increase, cardio decreases, clerk output decreases. We call that growing into a show when in reality we're either maintaining or even slightly increasing our scale weight and our condition. We're getting fuller. We're not in as much of a depleted beat down feet, feel like cinder block type of situation. And that's more, I think, more common when we say growing into a show. So backing off those four, five, six weeks because you're ahead and you've done the bulk of the work to that point. And that's what we call or that's what we label growing into a show. That happens a far more frequently. Now, there's still, it doesn't have it all the time. Sometimes you're racing to clock, sometimes you're behind, sometimes the body is just not responding. And you have to die it into the show. But I think that's, I'm curious what you guys think. But that's what I think of when I think of growing into a show. I feel like a grew into most shows because my friends, they was always to be in shape right early. And then three, four weeks out, five weeks out, start adding more food in, training got to be fun again. And it's also typically the highest PD load I'd be using for most of the year or out of that year. You know, like my PD loads for contest prep are definitely more than my off season typically. So more antibiotics, more most proteins synthesis, yeah, you're eating less calories. But I think when you structure the diet right and you structure the prep right, as skip was pointing out. If you're, if you're ahead of the game and you're ready, you know, you're like 95% there at at five weeks out, you're going to have a great opportunity to grow into show because you're basically reversing into the show. And you're reducing fatigue because you're not doing nearly as much cardio your output is down. So I do think there's ample opportunities. And I see a lot more guys programming their preps these days by starting their prep leaner to begin with versus get as big as you possibly could. And then 12 or 15 weeks out, race to the clock to try to strip all the fat off. Right. And then it doesn't happen for everybody, you know, some people do have to do two hours of cardio up until a week before the show to whether it's making a weight kind of thing or whether it's you just had a hard prep, you know. I remember my 2018 prep. I had one of those hard preps where two and a half hours of cardio a day, you know, no carbs for about a month straight. I certainly was not growing into that show. And I would definitely say that my look on stage was more of a flatter side than it was and maybe previous or years after that where I did have a little bit of a better approach. And my body was just responding. I think a lot of that comes down to stressors, though, you know, what else is going on in your life, what else is going on at work. All those different factors, you know. But yeah, I do think you can grow into a show. I think it's based off structuring it the right way. And of course, you know, ahead of the game. And which one of the more enjoyable those last few weeks? You're going to feel like a million bucks. And especially it's like,ologically coming into a show going, man, I'm not, you don't feel like death. I'm going to kill this. Well, it's like every day you go to the gym and you're wearing a tank thought, you're like, I'm on stage today. Like, I look sick from, I look 3D. I look sick from all angles. Right. And it's like, you're, you're, you're, it's one of, it's when you're not afraid to strip out at any point of the day and hit some poses for somebody. That's when you know you're ready early. And, and you kind of are grown and volumeize it into the show when whether it's after one meal, whether it's fasted, whether it's at the gym after training, you're like, I'll pose in front of anyone. Right now, I feel great. So yeah, that's a million dollar feeling. And I wish I could have that back right now. Like, that was one of the best feelings of bodybuilding in the world. Yeah. All of this that also like actually growing muscle say from the time that you begin prep to after the prep's over, you know, you've kind of filled back out. We're not saying like you did a big like reverse and, you know, grew during that. But I think the smaller you are to start, like the less muscle you have to start and were you following a plan already, you know, if I reach out to skip and I've been doing nothing for like the past two years. But then I start working with skip for the next 22 weeks and I'm like nailing my protein every single meal. I'm hitting the gym. I'm training hard. Like Andrew you said that like your PEDs, you know, we're going to be up because I've seen that, you know, we're somebody, especially like a men's physique guy who might not be completely focused year round comes out the other side bigger and better than when he started it, you know. And we went back when we had Dom Kooze on, we looked at that information about even growing in a deficit that they're saying like 500 cal deficit, you can still grow muscle. And that's naturally, you know, I've seen one of my guys that I've worked with local guy friend of mine, Vachay. Small men's physique natural guy. Even I saw him, his pictures before the show and side by side with pictures after and I was like, oh my god, no question, he's bigger now than he was before he started, you know. So I think there's a ceiling to that, you know, like the bigger you get the less likely you're going to be able to continue like laying on new tissue. But I definitely see it in people that are like in their earlier shows to keep getting better and you know. Let me give you a quick example and it's funny because I actually crapped on these things in the previous episode about those in body or those those scans that, you know, the gym's try to get you to do. But anyway, this woman that I have had done one at the beginning of her prep right now, she's like six weeks out from her show and it shows that she has put on two and a half pounds of muscle while dropping, I think it was like seven or eight percent of the body fat. So take care for what you will, you know, if someone were to send me that. When they tell us things we like, yeah, I'm just going to say I'm going to have that's here on those machines. But you know, okay, let's just put it this way. At least it's not showing that she lost muscle in the process. Yeah. Yeah. We got a fun one. And this is UC summa, the guy that I work with. And so his question is basically, or topic is trend free prep. And this is a conversation we just had. So he's like 10, 12 weeks out and I mentioned you guys before the show. He's looking really good. Like I would say that the last couple years we've really freaking nailed it with him and we figured out how to really have successful off seasons. We set him up in a great position. He's had a little bit of time off and we're just starting gear up now at around 12 weeks out. Like we haven't had to really push. And honestly, I feel like if we were to just manipulate a few factors, he could do a show might be his best. But he could do a show in like three or four weeks, like not kidding. Just get the skin to tighten up. So we're going to have a lot of room. And he's saying, you know what, man? Trying to, I'm having a great time. I've been doing really good. Like my mindset mood is awesome right now. What do you think about not using trend for this prep? I mean, I wouldn't do it for myself. I know. Yeah. But I understand the situation if the athletes like, hey, like, and the visuals and everything's coming together, I totally get it. Like, you know, because I think we all probably have some athletes that are like, I can't use trend for prep. And yeah, I'm not like, well, we can't prep them. You know, I'm just like, okay, we just won't use it. There's other compounds, you know? I'm like, I got a guy who does really good with DHB and it gives him that same trend like look. And that's what we use instead of trend, you know? Okay. Um, but yeah, and I got a really good friend, uh, to 12 pro who, one year just decided I'm not using trend. And he, he did all the things that, most, most bodybuilders, there would be no nose and coaches would say, now we can't do that. Like he ran long-estored testosterone right through the show at like 900 milligrams a week and he relied on some master on and then I think someone's strong. And I think that was his total PED load. Me, me, I have some some GH, but no trend. Now we have our, I dare not do long acting test all the way in, believe it or not. Okay. Okay. So, all right. So one coach would. I didn't think I was alone. I didn't think I was alone. I'm just not, you're not. I'm just saying and I'm not saying anyone's right with, there's a million ways to, to, yeah, make the sandwich right. And it's not like my way is the one right way because every other coach that's good gets their athletes in shape looking the way they should do. So, and maybe they do something completely different. So I'm not trying to say, I'm just saying, I think we, it's more traditional to use a fast-ero, you know, a test prop, yeah, to use trend during prep. And, and I'm saying that's what I've always responded to. It's typically where I'm going to lean, but if a client is like, like, like, you see saying, let's do this thing without prep, at least for one show and see how it looks and if we want to add it in, we can always add it in for the second show. I think that's a great strategy. Yeah. Yeah. I think most people, and I would feel this way, I mean, completely transparent. If I didn't use trend, I would feel like I left something on the table. Yeah. So that's more the, but in my defense too, I don't have those sleek problems and trend that a lot of people have. So I mean, that sleep is much, but the quality of sleep is still really good. So I don't have to deal with that as much, but, but I'm with you. It can certainly be done. It's an individual thing, case by case basis. And if people want to leave it out, more power to them, just like you said, I love DHB. I think if I wasn't to use trend, I probably would use DHB. We can try that if you want that. We've never, I don't think he's ever used it. I feel like I like DHB too, the, the and to be completely transparent, the year that I didn't use trend, I used DHB. I look, I like it was one of my favorite looks at the time as a middleweight. I like trend though personally. Like I would want to use it. I feel like there's that thing that happens. Like let's say if everything's moving along and you add the trend in, you know that you're probably only going to be heavier in bigger, you're going to be bigger. Basically, it's just going to get back to week. It's just going to be better. Yeah, but listen, we do it with nothing, right? We could do it with TRT if the client wanted to. Yeah, no good. I think the point is that your something. Quick little, quick little observation. I went to the gym a couple nights ago. It's starting to get depleted, looking at a high carb day a couple days later, which is today. And I just started using a supplement that kind of old school fat burning. I thought to myself when I started training back, I'm like, wow, I've not used this before. This is like the contractions are just insane. Like where is this? I'm coming from. Then I realized I had changed anovars. And my other anovars was underdose. And it me the first day. I'm like these contractions. Oh my god, I love anovars. Love it. In one day, felt that difference in one day. We're seeing it live coaching change. Yeah, I was good to say we're doing coaching right now. Right now, the as Matt says, let's try DHB or order it now. If it doesn't work, we'll shift to trend ACE for the second or third show. Here's a show to do it. What's your are you doing, Matt? What's that? What's that first one that's coming up? He's done the same that there's one that he really likes. So we're, he's a pro, right? No, no, no, he's amateur. Oh, but it's going to be August and then November. And then we'll see what all's happens because he's like I said, he said, I'm just not know. I like that you're seeing a live coaching happening at this moment. Yeah. We had a question for you, Andrew. It had to do and we got a role pretty soon here. So let's answer this question and then talk about what we're going to do with insane set. But there was a question, Andrew, for you about hernia surgery. Do you remember what that was off hand? Yeah, it was asking if I got, if I got my subsequent hernia's due to coming back, like going back to training too quickly, I believe. Oh, yeah. No, so my story is I went in for the hernia surgery and while I was under, they found two more that they repaired at the same time. So yeah, so I actually had three hernia's roughly in the same spot. One was just much more obvious than the other one. But in terms of recovery, and I say this about everything body building related in terms of surgeries and stuff, take whatever the doctors say because they're telling you recovery times based off of general population people that are not going to be doing the stuff that we're doing in terms of, you know, BPC, TB, stay an active, eating a lot of protein, like I stayed on my body building diet, you know, pulled carbs and calories overall down because I wasn't training for about a week actually. So the doctors told me I shouldn't be back in the gym for at least a month and a half, right? And I'm like, yeah, no, I waited until the clotting issue would have possibly been out of the way about a week to 10 days and then I was back in the gym the first week after that, doing treadmill, you know, walking in at least 30 minutes a day, just getting some movement, blood flow. By the second week, I was in there doing some very, very late, you know, shoulder and arm exercises, making sure that I wasn't doing anything that was going to brace my core, meaning like the opposite, what we normally do with exercises, right? Where you try to keep, I try to purposely just let everything relax and just focus on moving the muscle I was trying to move. So obviously, weights were super low. By week three, four, you know, I was doing some like leg extensions, leg curls, so doing more upper body stuff. And then by week like six or seven, I was to leg press, you know, I was back to squatting again. I think it was 10 weeks later, because I remember I got a video on my Instagram. 10 weeks later, I walked into the gym, I'm like, let's see where I'm at. I did some ham curls and then I did squats and I just went one plate, two plate, three plate, four plate five and I got five for ten and I'm like, I'm good. So yeah, I was actually kind of impressed that I kept all that strength. But I think it was because I got right back to movement, same protein, you know, recovery peptides and just not trying to feel like a victim of like, oh, I can't do anything. So I was actually going to say something to Paul last episode, like do everything you can and you're going to come back so much faster, but if someone's kind of in the mood and he's like, yeah, don't push him. If they're not ready to hear, don't push him, you know. Yeah, so I'm in a skip. We also I wanted to ask you about your prep, somebody said how things going. Things are going great. A little more aggressive move because we're at that just under 11 weeks. So at 12 weeks to six week push is going to get, I'm going to feel it, but I'll also be getting my cheekbones. So, you know, nothing that isn't expected at this point, but it's going to be a grind and I'm looking forward to it. So, feed our sender blocks. The hardy is tolerable, but it's going up quite a bit. I'll just feel it here by next week. So, and then you get the compounds coming in at 10 weeks. So, you know, things are changing a little bit. The old school fat burner, so it was a kind of fun because I haven't haven't used some of that stuff in a while, but it's it's it's good. It's good. It's excited. It's fun. It's good. It's and I don't have to stress. I'm loving it. That's cool, man. So, for insane set, what do we want to set up for rules? Because basically as I mentioned it, I did a little blurb that I dropped in the last episode that we just like, there were so many of them. You know, it was really hard to what do we want to do? Andrew, like a one particular body part. Sure. Okay. What body part then I guess to start. Do we want to do it for next week? And a lot of like stuff. Lovely. I mean, here's the thing. There's no insane biceps up, right? Yeah. Like there's just like there's no insane tricep press down. You know, like it's, my idea of like an insane set, it incorporates, you know, both a strength and some type of endurance because you mentally have to override the fact that your body's running out of oxygen. Your muscles are screaming stop and you keep going and going. You know? So body part man, it's hard to say. What do you think skip? What body part do you want to see? I want to see, because there's been a lot of legs. I'd like to see back. The problem with back is there's a lot of gray area because then we can get into partials and we're going to get into form. But maybe because of those gray areas that's where the judging criteria kind of comes into play. I think it's good. I think it's a good call. The other thing is in the same set at some point with some of these things, especially back, the form is going to break down because you're really just you're willing yourself to move that bar, move that handle another repetition. When the muscles and your lungs are screaming, so it's hard to say, you know what when you see it, right? It's a damn, that was crazy. Even if the form got a little loose at the end, you're like, that was a crazy set. So use those parameters guys. We can't define it, but we know when we see it, one of those types of things. It's subjective just like a fuzzy judging of the ZGIS. Are we going to continue judging this or do we want to let the people judge or I think we'll let the people judge? I do too. I believe the people judge. We're a work community. So we're happy to be able to comment with who they want to win. Yeah. I think maybe okay. What we do is the, the, maybe the Tuesday before our show. On the, on the, on the Think Big Page, we just put the names of the sets that have come in that two week period and people can put down a look and see and then vote on who they want. Is it okay? Do you do a poll, right? We do a poll. Sorry, do a poll. All right. All right. Well, look for that in the group then that'll be coming out then Tuesday before we record. Well, yeah. I guess it'll be after this show. So it's just look for the poll. It'll be in the group when we're ready. And yeah, then we'll take care of it from there. We'll figure it out. We appreciate you guys tuning in. Thank you for watching another episode and leave us questions for the next show. We're going to need a bunch of questions. Load us up over there and load us up for questions over at Patreon. We have had more people joining the Facebook group, which is for an awesome bunch of people who have said, I love blood sweat and gear. I have one question just to keep the bots out and keep the, you know, the geared healers out in the fake deer, geolored gear dealers. It's what's your favorite podcast on the network? You have to answer that. If you don't answer that, I literally will delete your entry to join the group. And a lot of people have said, B.S.G. Love B.S. G. So thank you guys for hanging out with us and following the show. Of course, go to supplementsourst.ca if you're in Canada because they do have great deals. You know, you like deals. Go there. Supplement source there. And of course, uh, Trinutrition.com in the US user code, think over there, get the team skip blend. And, uh, of course, uh, like I said, Patreon, little help with the questions and go to bodybary.com to reach out to Andrew for coaching. Guys already know that. Go to team skip.com to reach out to skip. You know that as well. You know you can hit me up at McNally diets at gmail.com and for another episode of Blood Sweat and Gear Guys will see you soon. Thank you everybody in the live stream. And thank you to you gentlemen for hanging with me for the last couple hours recording these shows. This is always fun. Appreciate you. Brandon Rear Deltz. Well, back to what I was like here. Exactly. Um, all right, we are live again. We may or may not have people find us, uh, because I didn't say, usually we keep going, but since we had Paul, I wanted to stop so that we could get those recordings. You know what I mean? Yeah. Um, if you joined back into the live stream, leave us a note. I mean, I raised for 33 years. So, and I don't know if you guys do this with your wives, but I fuck with my wife so bad and do things that I know she can't stand. So if I'm walking from a bra of cough, I'm going to be like, I'll have gum or like one of these pouches. Yeah. And it usually comes shooting out of my mouth that when it didn't, and she just fucking hates it, because she thinks that's why I'm because she doesn't know any different. She expected it to be my body, huh? She's not very brave for a while. You know, I can say all those things because she doesn't listen to shit. She's like, oh, yeah, why just show them like really? Because my trash, you're pretty bad at the sudden. We have that question. Um, about GHK copper. You guys use any of that yet? I haven't. Have you just started the facial application and then I also have the injectable that I'm going to start today. I have some orations. GHK CU. Also for repairative collagen synthesis and all that. But it seems like you can use it for, you can apply topically, you take it orally, put in your hair, you can inject it, you can do a, you know, some link will, you can do a repository who can, um, all of the good stuff. All right. Well, let's talk, let's, what else do we have? See if we have any, I was going to say maybe skip read up on it and see what you think about it. Maybe we'll use it for a different show. Down the road. All right. And I'll have like a couple weeks of using it. But for next time, and Scott, you've been using it, right for your hair or for, no, I have some, I have some oral, I haven't started it yet. So I got you. I think I do a lot of things at a time. All right. So topic for today. Is that related? Yeah. I think drug groups are good. It's a good, drug content season. But we did have a question. Can you grow into a show, which we have, kind of, we have talked about like can you grow while dieting? You know, so there is something around that if there's a spin on that question. Yeah. Growing into a show. Growing into a show. Weird out. It's up stuff. I'm, what's some good questions for us? Trend shots and you're weird out. That's the clean. Skip. What's your experience so far working with a coach for a product? There's a question like skip. Don't like them until yesterday. What coaches? What don't tell us? Well, ask you on the show. Coaches working with other coaches. Skip calls out Justin Harris on the next. That's right. The details of Skip's plan that you must have been must have been. Yeah. Chip. Oh, Chip. Oh, Chip. Oh, Chip. Oh, Chip. Chip Hill versus Chipone in nutrition. Dominates. Destroy. Skip. He'll destroy. That's the only way to pay. No need to pay Justin when you get the information straight from. Skip. There you go. There you go. Yeah. Like that. We were asked what's worse to the three beers a day or one to two antitraille a day. Is it topic for us? You see, Suma. What's the topic for us? Yeah. That might be a good topic or a good caption. Which one of you faster? Which one of you faster? Oh, yeah. It's a good one. Yeah. Which one of you faster? Oh, yeah. It's the one we got to dance around these words. It is. You see, Suma is looking incredible by the way, guys. We figured out some stuff. He's a guy that if we try to push his bodyweight super hard in the off season, then he's got to work really hard to get lean again. You know, and oh, that's how he says it. Well, it's Matt Matt. This is name. I thought it was oxymor. Oxymor. You also known as oxymor, but he is like, you know what? 10 12 weeks out now and he's looking like he could just like drop some water. It's pretty cool. No shit. Yeah. That's what a point out. The high-perrophy and high-perrophy. There, that high-perrophy is not incorrect. It's no different than saying frustrated or frustrated. Thank you. Good night call myself. Could I call myself though the high-perrophy? Wait, I can't say it that way. Hyper-type-hot-rovy coach. Yeah, I was going to say that, Andrew. Can I be the high-perrophy coach? Is that a different higher note? That guy lives down here. It's not wrong. He does? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I see him in the gym sometimes. Yeah. Always on your white side of the state. Yeah. Exactly. Wait, that's actually a good way to put it. All right. Pittsburgh pros this weekend or next weekend? Next week. Next week. Yeah. And then we had asked our predictions by one of our Patreon people. What are you going to say predictions for that? Oh, I like stepping there out right there. What's he got? That quite what should modern body builders be grateful for compared to the old school perhaps the 20 years ago. Roach, delivery, I like that. But yeah, liquid egg white. Okay, let's start with that one. You know, let's come up with three, we have to come up with three things each. How about that? Three things. That's great. Modern bodybuilders should be grateful for. Also, I saw a topic. It was for something else, like completely unbodybuilding related and I wrote it down and it was like, and we could shift it to a bodybuilding topic being five things you don't need in bodybuilding or like five things you don't need in your gym bag or you know what I mean? Five things that you don't know while you're died. Don't need. So things that we usually have that we don't need or things that people would expect you to need. Like, I'm going to be doing a contest. So I need to buy these items or like this. Do you need a weight belt? Do you need lifting strips? Do you need knee sleeves? Do you know what I'm saying? Are there any of those items that people assume they need? Something like that, or five things and I don't know. I'm just trying to think of something. You don't know what I mean. Yeah, I just don't think about what I don't need. Yeah, you don't need in your bag. Yeah. But there are people who do you know what I mean? Like if that's what I'm trying to get at and I can't think of it right now. But the top is being I think. Yeah. Okay. Like those BFR straps that people spend like 80 bucks for when you could literally just use your knee wraps. Is that what you're talking about? Like, yeah, something like that, something like that, or are there things that like you get into body building and you buy it or you could be and then you realized on the road that it really was a waste that like, you know, I don't know. I'm so chantsy that I don't buy shit that. Yeah, I got it. It's something that doesn't have a lot of things because the things we buy we need trend, masks and pros. Yeah. Yeah. You can never have enough pins. Got to have extra pins. Yeah. You can't have too many pins. Can you skip? Because there's only an article. That's right. Yeah. Okay. Never mind. Never mind. Yeah. Well, we got to think about it a little bit. That's a hard one. It is a hard one. We're not. Well, let that one. I get what you're going with like it sounds like a sexy topic of like if we could just nail it right though. Yeah. Bright enough. Right. Right. Right. Right. Um, um, all right. What stop we're doing? We're going to do what modern body builders should be clear before we compare to. Okay. Yeah. We'll just bring it in. Look at that stuff on you freaking created a show. How about that?