And is an insulin resistant factor there? And I think in those scenarios is much more of a potential problem where you've got a sustained level for prolonged periods of time. But I think when you're in the two I use sort of range, I mean, I don't know people that have run two I use. And even daily or every other day or those sort of combinations for years. What's up guys? Welcome back to the podcast with Dave Crosslin. I'm Scott McNeilly and if you're tuning into us for the first time, Dave is an educator for PEDs and steroids to the place in the military in the UK. Plus he's the owner of eval blood analysis. You can get your lab work done by Dave in the UK. You're also an expert witness. I want to let everybody know this stuff every time now. In case they're just tuning in for the first time and they're like, who are these people that are talking about gear? All of our programming is brought to you by 2d nutrition.com. Use our code think for additional savings. We are brought to you by Strom Sports Nutrition for those of you in the UK. That's a great health and performance stacks over there. And we're brought to you by SupplementSource.ca for our Canadians. Dave, guys, Dave is in a different location today. I'll give you a minute to guess. I'll give you a minute to guess where Dave is. You what? Secret location. Dave is in a new secret location. If you're watching live feel free to comment. We've got a couple topics. Number one is what's an minimum effective dose of growth or a moon. We also got a bunch of actually questions about back training. So we're going to go and adapt about that. But before we do, let's lead with like, you know, everybody wants to hear about the gear stuff. So minimum effective dose of growth. This was a question that was over at our Facebook group for Think Big Body Building Media. What says you David Crossland? Two. Two. Two. What are what is one? Expecting to get out of two units. So this is the big debate, isn't it? GA, muscular growth, GA 12, the NGA track loss. I personally think that there's two are you. Is going to result. In fact, I've even seen people get something out of one. But two are you. Is going to result in, in proucily. It's likely in prouvi recovery. An amyled composition change if everything else is on point. It's not going to work against shit, diet and stuff like that. But if you are pretty much on point in consistent with everything, you will see a composition a composition change with as low as two are you. You're not going to see dramatic. You're not going to get a little bit of better fullness. But you're going to be pretty much. For the right, basically you want a good day for fullness rather than an exaggerated fullness. You shouldn't see any real war retention. Sleep should be slightly improved. The should be slightly better recovery. And it's just a general sort of in a better place. Yeah. I think if you go higher. Then you're going to start. And the thing is with females even to can start to develop things like couples on the one and joint pains and stuff. So with females I wouldn't be definitely pushing even lower and down as low as one. If you're looking at something in a way of rehab injury recovery, then I'd probably go two and two to two am to pm. I wouldn't really cap out much above four five as a single dose pm. I know there's some people that feel the higher doses are going to result in some muscular growth and that's probably believes in as well. But if you come by nine to higher growth for GH with high volume style training, it's a very volume-wise training, high rep count, high set count. That you will see some muscular growth. I've not seen anything to convince me of that. I didn't have any high doses. I didn't feel like anything particularly out of them. But yeah, I've opened to someone who's improving me wrong. The problem is you don't see growth as a standalone. It's always used with unavolect so you can never decide what's down to what. Yeah. That's kind of what other things I was going to try to get out too is you may have somebody tuning in who says, hey, you know, would this be a good option for a first cycle to use this two units of growth? That's what I can financially afford right now. With this makes sense, my answer to that personally would be you're cost a benefit. You're not going to, like you said, David, it's more of an icing on the cake thing. The effects you get are going to be super subtle. I would say it is kind of like as far as things to add supplements to bring into your plan, I would have it weighed on the list, you know what I mean? I mean, my first experience with GHS, the sweet spot I found was six I knew every other day, but it was generic. It wasn't far. Yeah. And I found that that was a very sweet spot that showed some good composition changes. But the main thing I got of it was a sense of wellbeing. It was a much better sense of just wellness, better sleep, improved sex drive and just the general, I feel good. I feel healthier, I feel good. Yeah. It wasn't running big cycles, you know, cycles were 1.2, 1.5 grams max, was sitting around £200. So it wasn't a small guy. And that was very much a very sweet spot for me at that time. But I think I would have got equal out of three or four everyday, as doing the higher dose every other day. I say, was it generic? So you can factor in, probably wasn't. That was effectively those as far as it would be. Yeah. But yeah, when I pushed high with the farmer, I didn't see anything stand out from it. But I mean, there was a bucket, well, all the things in there as well. Yeah, like going on at that time. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, it was a shopping cart approach to drug use, definitely, at that point. So it would be hard to say, believe, quote was this amazing compound at 27,000, year of farmer growth of day, pulsing it in day and night, I would have expected to see something that I could actually be directly to that. Yeah. I mean, there wasn't anything. Chase Irons has been up there. He has been up in the higher double digits. And he's enjoyed being on it when I saw him back in October. He was big. He was much bigger than the previous time I had seen him like a year or so before that. There's a definite fullness. There's a definite, a huge, full sizing crease that comes with it without doubt. I think that's only niable. One of that is actual established tissue is where I start to get a bit of an argument that it, because I think that is that much. And like you say, when you compare it to something like gear, I mean, your cost to reward ratio is basically reversed. If you were saying that for every $10 I spent on gear, I got, if you want to put a point on it, I got a 30 point advantage. It'd be up as it were around. If you'd get a 10 point advantage, you'd get that. Yeah. Yeah. So, you know, one of the specifics that we talk about is issues with insulin sensitivity. So, some people start seeing their blood sugar increase. And of course, we can correct that with insulin. But I, I feel like in the last few years, maybe the last five years, I have seen people, they, they seem to be, they seem to think that like you're instantly going to have blood sugar issues, you know, and let's go back to that two units. I personally, I don't know about you. I haven't personally seen issues with low dose growth hormone to units. I haven't seen blood sugar issues in myself or in people that I've worked with. I would go, I would go out as far as to say that, you know, in that dosing range, that's very common to what you would get prescribed through a rejuvenation clinic. And, and if it was that big of an issue, I would think that these clinics would automatically put you on insulin as well, you know what I mean? I've seen some mild changes in hate-fay, one-see, so some mild insulin resistance bill, but we are talking nothing that's real world impact in all nothing that's going to have any dramatic impact. So insulin resistance and diabetes, or tattoo diabetes, is part of the watch concern for people that use growth hormone because they don't have any natural production. So it is something that's mentioned in the literature around treatments for dwarfism and stuff like that that is something that they need to keep an eye on. Yeah, so, um, I mean, it's something that's being highlighted with the new little super long acting growth hormone stuff that's coming out. Is an insulin resistant factor there? And I think in those scenarios, it's much more of a potential problem where you've got to sustain the level for prolonged periods of time. Yeah. But I think when you're in the two I use sort of range, I mean, I don't know people that are running to I use either daily or every other day, or those sort of combinations for years. You're a fan. You're a fan of that every other day, aren't you? Or an infrequent? And is it because of the the blood trigger effects that you're playing with? Yeah, you just have problems. You just make to get you sad a little bit better if you're into a long, if you're committing if you're committed to GH, like 24 months, 36 months or even longer, which some life extension is a lot of people who you be into long term, GH views. Then I find that EOD protocol works so much better long term. And it just allows for some natural rigging in between what was popular for a while. And I don't see any reason for not to do it was GH day one, Secretary of State 2, GH, GH, GH, Oh, you're saying like a secret a god like GHRP6, CGC, that's what you would post yet my pronunciation shit. So you would post your natural in between the artificial. And that seems to have a very good effect as well. Okay, so I mean, the kind of it is let's say let's say you've got a you're doing a 20 week prep and growth hormone is part of that protocol and it's at two units. We'll say you have either enough to do two units every day or four units every other day. Okay. The benefit is if you're each time you take it, that growth hormone is only in there for what is it 12 hours, something like that, the active life of the actual growth hormone itself, you're getting that additional fat loss benefit from it. So I know a lot of guys who may use first use it first thing in the morning and do their fasting cardio, get on with their day and they just kind of start their day off that way. If you're using it every other day, you've cut that window in half after 20 weeks. It's only really been eight weeks that you had the growth in there, right? Yeah, I mean, I'm looking at every other day as a long term sustained protocol rather than if you're using GH record, I would definitely be looking at E-Day. Okay. Okay. But if I was pulling it in as a background support long term, then I would look at every other day. Okay. And the thing being too, like that's not going to have any negative effect on your IGF levels, right? So we have kind of a couple of things going on here. We have the direct effect of the growth itself. And then from there, the cascade of hormones that ends up creating IGF, your IGF is higher. And that supposedly would be where any type of like growth additional growth you get from GH would happen, right? Yeah. My argument is that when you look at medically looking IGF, one's supplementation, so you look at in-products and the use of in-products, the dosing and the duration of dosing and the frequency of dosing is so high. Yeah. I just do not feel that I can be replicated with GH. I mean in-products is ridiculous dosing. It goes up to 1.2mg per kilo twice a day. Which is huge in comparison to what you'd create as a cascade from GH. So I just don't see the carry-off there. I mean, I've seen lots of people in the past talk about running in crelegs and, oh yeah, I just run 50 micrograms a day or whatever. Apart from potentially a little bit of fullness, you're not getting the trigger any actual real world growth from that dosing. You know, it has to be so high and it's painful to run. The side effects create a lot of joint pain and a lot of muscular pain when you're running it at the doses required to stimulate, you're like, they direct muscular growth from my GF1. So in my opinion, and I'll blend out there to disagree with you, but in my opinion, the direct muscular benefits from GH are overplayed, but very useful for us to all very useful well-being tool. If you've got the budget long term, a couple of are you, the idea of every other day will improve the quality of your well-being without doubt. Yeah, okay, one last question on this topic, and we'll move on because like I said, we had some training stuff too, and some other listener questions, and hey, if you guys want to take part in the next show, then definitely comment below, we got some stuff off rumble, I've got some stuff off Patreon, thank you guys, everybody from Patreon for supporting our programming. But the last question I had is, so, where are we going to be if two units is going to be kind of like a pseudo replacement doses? You're going to be like, like, high high end, hot quote unquote optimizing, you know, put my hand up in air quotes there, we're optimizing at that level probably. What age group is going to benefit from that? Like, because if you're saying 23, you know, is it, are you still going to get what you're still going to get a great benefit from taking a low dose like that, or is it going to be more suited for like a guy that's in his 40s like, you know, or myself. Well, definitely you're going to see more benefit from an older age because obviously you have much lower natural levels of GH production. And one of the things with taking GH is you create the time in a when you want it in your system, which is not naturally going to be in line with what would happen naturally. True. And so, you know, you can put it where you want it, where you want it. I would say, too, probably getting a push from most people above what they're naturally producing. I think one for a male would be probably natural. I think since you're going to, you're going to be a little bit above. I can't. I'm usually, for argument say, let's look at testosterone as a example to try and make a comparison here. Unless, you know, or perender test in MOL and I'm going to speak in English, so you can just toss off at OK. 29 MOL took a range. It would be the equivalent of running tests at say 35. OK. But you're not hugely elevated, but you're you're topping it. I would be where I would be with within now it would reflect in that draw range. All right. All right. Well, listen, I think we covered enough of that. We had a topic here, and this is from Patreon, from Kyle. And he says, I'd love to hear about how Dave structured his back training. What types of movements would he use in a session and why? And he also added to Dave always has good nuggets on training when training comes up. Does he have any favorite bits of advice for back? I would say back he's probably one of the hardest body parts to try. There's old sayings like you always know what's going to train so I'd say it big legs and big back. Because they are the most demanding muscle groups. They are huge proportions of our muscularity and as a result, they require a huge amount of effort to train effectively. One of the issues I find with back is you can't see it when you're training. So it's very much a feel movement. Yeah. And it is because it's actually quite a complex group of muscles. There's a lot going on in there. It's not just like you've got up the tracks, but it's lower tracks. You've got to as my major, run boys, all the rest of it. And even read Delt's kicking in there. Spindler vectors as well. So it's not so much a singular muscle. There is sometimes problems with you stressing the wrong parts. Now naturally, most of us are going to have strength in our upper backs. And we're actually going to like strength in our laps because generally we don't engage the laps in modern day life. So it becomes a very dormant muscle. You really know the biggest. And it has the most potential for growth for size, but it's not what we default for in about movement. We would default to upper traps and shoulders. So you'll see a lot of people row high. Yep. And when they pull down, they'll tend to lean back. And it almost becomes a road to the chest when you physically look at the load in relationship to the torso. Now that's where a lot of people go wrong when we're back. They end up getting very strong across the upper back. And they don't actually get the last to kick in or engage. I think for a lot of people, they actually need to pull the way back and go very form focus to start with until they start in the field. They're lats and the back engage probably. And then the back is one of the muscle groups that I feel benefits from overloaded. But it has to be back to complete form. So, example. I've never been a deadlifter. I've never been one for deadlifts. I don't like deadlifts. I will use partial debts where you really just work the area of the range of motion. There's more back dominant. But I find deadlifts cross over so many body parts. It's not really a back exercise. There's a lot of posterior chain. There's a lot of core. Yeah. And so, I've pulled down our light rows. I find dumbbell rows. Okay, it's a movement. But most people tend to do far too much torso twisted. They do. You get a lot of hip in it. Yeah. And you're working your back. So you're torso should be moving the toe. It should just be your arm. When you look at the muscularity and the development of the back, basically what the back does is move. And leave it through a hinge. The hinge is the shoulder. The lever is the upper arm. And that should be all this movement. Nothing else needs to move. Unless you're working spinal directors. Or perhaps where you do have a double shoulder lift. So, a lot of things is first ground-like technique. And then do not be scared of going heavy. So, typical back workout for me. Back in the day. I'd start with better rows. Now, when I do better rows, and anyone that's watched me show them how to do better rows, you're first being a notice. I'm very bent over. Okay. I've done do the aces row. And most people do the aces row wrong anyway because they tend to end up being a upper back shrug movement rather than a row driving the elbows low and down. The what row? So, I am one and over. So, my lower back is almost parallel to the floor. But then I have an arch in my back. We should leave my chest. Yes. Just go on the back. Did what you said you don't do what row? Yes, row. Oh, okay. So, what it gates do, he was kind of a little bit more upright. It was very high, but what a lot of people get wrong with the aces row is with the aces row. You're much more upright, so you can handle more low because you don't point so much lower than your lower back. What you've got to do when you do the rows, you've got to drive your elbows back and down. Yeah, yeah. And what people do is drive their elbows back and up. And so, it becomes almost this shrugging row. Yep. And what it will be is I can down so you can gaze the last, but you're in a more upright position. So, you can carry more low. And when I start getting fatigued, I can't help it. You know, because the assisting mother, like you said, there's all sorts of parts of the back. So, those other areas for me, they want to kick in. They want to assist. And, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, But I'm going to say, though, is because I'm in that position more upright. Then it's easier for those other muscles to start helping, you know? So, I'd be quite bent over low about almost parallel to the ground, but I do have a decent arch. So, my chest is lifted high. Yeah. In all that movements, I personally feel that the chest needs to be high, the lower back needs to be arched. I'd start with just above. And I'd scrape those elbows past my sides and really engage and make sure my shoulders are dropped. I'm not whimpering as I come up with the, but I'm not doing this in the show. You know, it, my last shoulders were lower me, I was scraping through. Play, to play, to play, to play, to play, to play, to play, to play, to all of the four. No swing, no body movement, no upper back movement at all, rocks on it. Five, start to see a little bit of a dip. So, there's a little bit of a, one power through. But again, when I'm bringing that bar into my world waste, my chest is driving through. So, I'm always keeping my chest push through the movement. Yeah. Six plates. So, I'm going to start with the other side. This is a power lift. This is a, well, but once I'm in that contract position, I'm lowering on the strict form and control. And then I'm driving again. This is an overload at this point. So, at this point, I'm beyond the capability of what my lats can pull in form. But I'm making sure that a negative is loaded in really good form. And I've pulled back to say four plates, three and a half plates, and really tighten up. I'm just bang out, straight rep, after straight rep, after straight rep, after straight rep. And my whole focus is to generate as much discomfort in my back, particularly my lats as I can. Yeah. I then go on to pull down movement. And I do pull down as a little bit of a different to a lot of people. I make sure that my elbow stays underneath my hand throughout the whole movement. Now, what most people do, if I move to the side and get in the minute, is it pulled down, it pulled down, and then the elbow kicks back. Yes. Yeah. I have never heard it. It was mentioned that way before that you're at elbow stays under your hand. I do the same thing. I explain it differently, but that's a really good way of putting it. So, I'm aiming to pull my elbow into my side. That keeps the line engaged. I also make sure that a lot of people get too close to the machine and then lean back. I pull my ass back and almost lean into the machine. So, when the bar comes down, it's literally taking the skin off my nose and my chin. Okay. What I find is, too many people focus on trying to do what they think the movement is, instead of focusing on trying to work the muscle. So, people think I'm going to pull down the bar and eat it to a tissue chest. Doesn't matter where the fucking bar goes. The bar has got nothing to do with your back. It's where your elbow goes. Yeah. And what you're trying to do with your elbow is deep as you can, because that's what's actually contracting your back. I feel like you're bored of holding your back. I mean, I can feel in this position now. My blasts are fully contracted. My hands are nowhere near my chest height. You know, I've got three-four inch to go before that bar hits my chest. And I just physically can't do that and keep the contraction on my lap, because my lap doesn't go any further down. So, that would be the pull downs. Again, I would get to the point where there would be heavy. So, in my case, it would be £500. We didn't find a £500 pull down, Dave. It's a three-four pound stack with loads of 20s per hour. Oh, God. I feel sorry for whatever gyms you trained at then. So, in fact, I think it was more than three-four pound. What I used to have to do, I was strapped up and then I'd have to get two people, one on each end of the bar to pull it down, so I could get run under the bar, because I was just a little bit nervous about it. Don't give me wrong. That's on my super heavy workout, but that's where I get up to. Otherwise, it'd be around the four, and it would be four, 20. And then I'd finish with a low row, and with a low row, I'd make sure again I keep my chest up, so as I move forward, I'm actually lifting my chest as high as a can that will really stretch the lap. And then as I pull back, I don't like my back go pass 90 degrees. So, as I come back up from that stretch, I go to night, I go to night, I go to my back, and I usually do it some less time behind me, with that shin against my back, so I've got my limit point, and then I've just got up full, and as I get as I pull in, I lift the chest and push it through. So, I didn't hear you mention really in the other end. The key. Oh, God. That's for me, the key is to back training in a row, and the elbows must be tight into the side. Yeah. And in every movement, the chest was marinated, lifted, and particularly at the bottom of the movement, so as you're hitting the waist for the bar, or as you're pulling the lap pull, don't bar down, you don't allow your chest to drop, you actually raise up to me too. Yeah, you said you, so it sounds like you're not relying on a lot of machines for your back training. There's a lot of free weights. What is your mindset behind that? Because I'm with you, if you want to grow the most amount of muscle you can, I think that mastering machines is beneficial. Or excuse me, mastering free weights is beneficial. I have nothing against machines. The problem I find with a lot of machines is, you're trying to get something that has a hinge and a leave a point to a wide range of different size bodies. Okay. And it's very rarely optimal. Um, um, some of the things you'll fit in sweet as a note, and you'll really feel them. And if you want to make a with them crack on, but a barbell allows me to put the bar in the octoposition for my leave, and lend some my body length. I don't always have that with a machine. Um, so some of the, there's a compromise. And I know when I've used chest machines, I, I'm not even holding the handles. I'm holding the frame because that's the push point. That's best for my, the leaveers. Yeah. So, um, and that's it. It's not. Machines are great, particularly if you feel entire or you're a bit fucked off or, or you just haven't quite got the energy to be doing better. I've been a boroughs of demand. I mean, it's like doing a set squats doing better boroughs. Um, so I do use machines. The other thing I found with machines is the plate loaders limit the weight, because quite often I'm the start on the plate loaders and still not. I'll be off. Okay. So, um, I tend to go freeway because it allowed me to move. Well, it was a more difficult move and we should limit it the weight I could move. Yeah. I, I, I don't allow me to away. But became counterproductive in a lot of cases. I'll throw in though. I do think there is benefit to mastering free weights. Um, mindset that I have been taught is that when you're using a freeway, you not only have to in this case pole, but you're also having to stabilize the, the move too. You have to stabilize the weight. It's going to take a lot more effort to get that figured out, you know, and to be able to control the movement. I'll tell you what though. I had a lot of issues with the, the barbell row. My limiting factor being my lower back. And, um, I just, for me, a lot of bent over movements had been difficult. I found the dumbbell row to, to work really good for me. Limiting factor with dumbbell row is going to be how strong you get, you know, I mean, it gets harder and harder to find heavy enough dumbbells. Now, I've had 150 pound dumbbells here at, at my home gym. And, and, and, and I was able to work up to that. So, I could only imagine for a guy that had gotten even bigger than me and stronger than me. Um, that said though, dumbbell row, it was, was my go to, because being able to stabilize my low back allowed me to get a lot more out of it. Hmm. I mean, the thing is, you, I think you've got to give everything that, a lot of people give up on exercises, not because they can't do them, but because they're hard to do. Yeah. And my mental approach with training was I was always looking for things to make it harder. Yeah. Um, I was never looking for ways to make it easier. That's not to say, there isn't, I'm when I've done the go workout just because I caught. Yeah. I mean, in gym, it's when I've been on holidays, but for deliberately gone to a machine because I know I'm going to stack the thing beyond belief. Yeah. And I just wanted to show off. Um, and so it's, it's happened this being there, but for the vast majority of my training, I always looked for how do I make this harder, how do I make this more difficult for myself, and how do I make it more difficult for myself? And that ultimately rewarded me with the best growth. Yeah. Me, because that, usually men, I was working in a way that was, other bio-mechanical disadvantage to me, which men, my muscles are to work harder and therefore I got stronger. Yeah. Um, and when you focus on just moving load and the, you will get so far, and I've seen people develop quite very reasonable for these with just folks in a low, but they get to a point where there's no more load because the machine is stacked. Yeah. Or I'll get it in the bar. Or you get to a point where the loads are just playing dangerous. And then when I talked about that, he said he was like, it could super strong, barbell roar, and, and barbell roar was like his jam that was his move, but he never developed a back. You know, he is like, I got super strong. I was incredibly strong. He was probably stronger than most people in that movement, but then, you know, he competed in your realize, like, hey, my, my back development isn't, it doesn't match the strength that he had. And so then he went back to do what you're talking about, you know, is, is actually trying to figure out how to make an exercise harder. I'm with that 100%. I had to retool my back training. In fact, I just, I pulled this up recently. Let me see if I can grab it really quick. This was my six months, six months of progress here, left to the right was six months of time. This was a couple years ago now. You know, you know, you know, you know, I used way, way more at different points. Nothing was really serious about diet at the time. I made sure I got enough protein in. I got a car, but there we meal, but I wasn't like forcing food. The only big difference is I retooled my technique because I, you know, my big mistake day with that pull down. I was doing that exact same thing. I was getting my elbows were going out as I pulled down. Instead of I love the way you said that keeping your elbow under your hand. For me, I thought about the pull over. I thought about the way a pull over moves. And if I'm doing a dumbbell pull over, my hands overhead, the elbows are tracking in front of me. And that's that was the cue that worked for me. Elbows are tracking in front of me versus tracking out. And I was able to move that load down into the lat. And I'll even call it man, the lower lat. You know, a lot of people today, I think are like, you can't hit the lower lat, but I feel like I kind of demonstrated that my lower lat got a lot thicker by doing just that. I haven't trained weights in quite a long time now. And I can still sit here now and flex my entire laptop to bottom. I'm feeling every into it because I've been so long teaching my brain to control my muscles in the correct way. And the mag bars are really, really useful if you're struggling to learn how to do a wide grip pull down because the way the maga works, it actually puts your elbow under your hand. And if you want, that's why they're so effective in back training because they actually put you in the right position to engage your lat. You've just got it again. People get so focused on the movement they're doing rather than what the muscles doing. And the muscles doing in that movement and you really need to start a pair of attention to. Where's the muscle attached? What hinge and lever am I using? And then can I put the load at the end of that lever to maximize the stress on the muscle at the lever? Yes, because if you're a stig, if the weight right at the end, it puts much more stress on the part of the strife over the stig. And that's effectively what you're doing with your muscles. So I can a lot pull down situation. If you have your hands directly above your elbows, the end of your levers, your elbow, that's what the backs move in. If your hands directly above that elbow, the load on the end of the lever, and that will maximize the stress into the back. And so you see little things like that that you just need to be more aware of what the muscle does in the movement, rather than what the movement does. Yeah, I wish I learned that sooner. I really do. All right, listen, we got some other stuff here. We had a one from the live stream from Jennifer and she says she is planning to compete. What does he let me actually grab this question here. I can throw it up. Boom. She says she's 10 weeks out from her first figure show. I'm training at my period. Absolutely sucks. Any advice to help through my workouts? I don't really know. It is obviously something I have no experience with. I know I'm a big fan of it. But I don't think you don't get a period. I can share with her what Victoria would say. I mean, I can't. I can't imagine for so many bruises. Yeah, well, I mean, she did say that training absolutely sucks on her period. Victoria's thought is usually that you know, because there's this whole movement now of, and she says she feels run down. There's this whole movement now of like trying to train to your cycle, meaning your female cycle, not your antibiotics cycle. And she said, like, just trying to, I don't think that Victoria is personally a fan of that. But if you use some common sense and you say, like, Dave, if you had a really long day at work and you were a little bit dehydrated and you still needed to go to the gym, common sense would tell you that it's probably not the best day for you to set a PR, right? You know, you need to kind of respect where your body's at. So keep in mind too that during your period, you may be experiencing some hydration changes. If you're getting bloating, there's a good chance that bloating is because you're not getting enough water in. We always, you know, we always think there are stuff like, well, I get a gallon a day, so, you know, I'm good. I understand that depending on stress levels, depending on her, her monol situation, depending on whether depending on a lot of factors, your hydration can change day to day. So getting more fluid in, you know, in a phase like that is probably going to be to your benefit, but then also, you know, it just might not be the day to absolutely push to be that to do the absolute hardest thing you ever have, especially if you're already in a calorie deficit, you know, possibly taking an extra day off at training or maybe working in a workout that isn't as taxing. Let's say she's doing something where she has a shoulder day. Well, what if today is a really bad day, can you hit shoulders today instead and then work back in a little bit later, you know, those would be my thoughts and kind of the stuff I picked up for inventory along the way. I mean, I suppose it would have the logic of what I used to do with applying the sensor, I knew within the first four, five sets if that was going to be about session. Yeah. You know, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, look at the, they weren't that common, but yeah, I usually knew, I know this is going to be shit, I just don't have. I would just switch it up and I might do more volume, super set sort of base still for it is a much more pumping squeeze. I might not, you know, the top 30% off my weight, but push the reps up higher. So it was still taxing, but taxing in a different way. So I wasn't trying to move massively heavy load. But I was trying to move low for a higher volume of reps and I might have even thrown some to you, teamwork in there. I'm still for like that to just swap it up. More in line with what I was capable of even physically or mentally dependent on what what was going on. All right, so we have here and by the way, I didn't tell you guys, so Dave's crappy connection is because he's on a boat right now. He's coming, I don't know if this might be the first podcast ever that has been done from a boat. Oh yeah, well, you're, you're audio completely un synced from your video now. I don't know what happened there. Well, I was going to say it was tomorrow I'm fit in some light internet, so I should have a good signal from there moving forward. Are you just going to live on a boat now? Was that what's happening? No, no, no, yeah eventually yes. Eventually you are. We back, we got some flowers in. All right, let's see what else we have here. Oh, we did have a, there was a follow up question about back training. I'll see if I can find that. Oh, and we had a request for Uncle Dave's advice. What about this one? So I'm not seeing a lot of, a lot of times we get gear questions. I'm not seeing as many gear questions, we say, yes, works for us this week. Although we did a whole launch with that whole GH thing. So I don't know how that's going to play out. But let's a good way to curb your appetite and avoid the munchies while cutting weight. Casey, pay child. Thank you. I'll possibly see you. This is another three of my strong point. Well, I'll tell you what. I think the number one thing is to recognize your situation. The number one thing is acceptance. The number one thing is to recognize what you're trying to do and and recognize that this is what your goal is and and play the tape through, you know, the play the tape through means think about what the outcome of that is going to be. I absolutely guarantee you that if you eat junk food like one hour later, you're going to be just as hungry as you were before. But guess what, you're going to have gone off diet and you're going to have negatively impacted your goals. junk food is always going to be around and down the road, there will be opportunities for you to eat it again. This is just your brain trying to play a trick on you and I totally get it. I think anybody who's tried to diet hard, we've all been there. Things that you can do to work around it. I say all that first because trying to like eat something to fill that void because it is a void. We are literally creating a void when we go on a diet, you know, in our stomachs, there is a physical void there. And then it's kind of an emotional void too because we have a lot of emotional ties to food. If you try to fill that void, there will be no filling it and it can become a really negative thing where now you're eating like a jar of fat free peanut butter every day and all these other sugar free sweets and stuff. So my thought would be this. First find that acceptance and then second, you know, what are the, what are the low calorie things that you have available something like more green veggies and your meals. It's going to help to keep your stomach fuller. A trick that I liked to use and it was green tea. I would use a cup of hot green tea met afternoon. It was something that, you know, obviously it's, it's not going to be super filling to drink green tea. But it does have flavor. It does, it does give you a sense of satisfaction and I would mix out tirersene with it as well. I'll tirersene is really beneficial while we're dieting it can support thyroid function increases alertness. A lot of people use it as a new tropic. Dave. He's trying to human know it's the same as green tea. It's close. It's close. I see close. But yeah, and I just looked at that as being like this ritual that I had. So I'd have the green tea. I take the al tirersene. I'd get that mental boost and it would help me to stay on track better overall. I mean, if you really needed to, there's like sugar free jello is going to be, I believe, four, four carbs per cup. So, you know, it's not going to take you that far off. And if you limit it to one cup a day, that's not going to be a bad thing. Take a spoon and just take a little tiny bite set of time and it's going to be a lot more satisfying than if you just like power through and demolish the whole thing. That sugar free jello, by the way, not sugar free pudding. Those two things are very different in my book. So just a few thoughts there. But that's the advice I usually share with my clients. Vegetables. Pickled vegetables. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, you could eat like that's a great one. I've used like a pickle. I've told people, yeah, I've told people, yeah, I've told people, yeah, pickle, pickle, Cabbage is just a flower. I find that quite useful. Yeah, I think that sodium helps to fill your stomach up too, you know. But watch out for like the bread and butter pickles things that have added sugar because that's going to be no bueno. All right. Oh, here's when for you Dave back to the gear talk. He says I recall Dave mentioning using nova ducks while on nandromone. Can Dave please reiterate the details and reasoning behind that. How often do you take it? Dozinging and it would it be on the same day as your shots or opposite days, et cetera. I'm sure to roam us and be incorporated as well. He's planning on 150 tests every week. NPP and DACA ramping from 300 to 1000 from the start to the end. And he's also going to be using 50 debaul during the final six weeks. He says, And then he said, should I include a romison as well? He's six foot two, two hundred pounds, 13% loves the show. I think in F YouTube he said, I think things have got maybe slightly screwed here. So I like to put nobody's in as a star of a cycle as a preventive measure just to safeguard against gyna. However, nova ducks does actually have an actually against a progesterone receptor as well. It's not a primary but it will actually work slightly as block in the PR as well. But yes, so I use nova ducks to sort of safeguard. At the end of the day, each of the genie shoes, water retention, things like that are easily fixed. But the development of physical tissue in the breast is not so easily fixed. So I just like to flow over in five or six weeks into a cycle. I would test the estrogen. If someone, I mean, that's a low test dose in, but obviously the decor is going to go very high. So you're still going to get some issues in there. So I suspect you are going to need some formalization management at some point, whether you need it from the get go would very much depend on you as an individual and what your previous experiences are. But I would always throw nova ducks into star. Then at about a week five, I would test and see what you should do there. And from there, I would formulate any management plan depending on what I'm doing with my dose in and how I'm feeling or how the individual's thinking when it comes these days. Obviously, I'm not using myself anymore, but I'm not using T.R.V. So it would be right. We get to week five, where's your region? How do you feel? And then I'd set some formal management moving forth from there. But at least I know we've got some protection against going out to start with. Okay. That's my sort of thought process around overdex more than, you know, as any particular benefit to being used with decor or anything of our nature. Yeah. So man, I'd be curious to hear how this guy does. I don't know personally, man, I haven't seen anybody I've ever worked with who has had a successful run with a high high, nanderlone cycle. I've heard of people doing it. I haven't personally seen it. I've had successful sort of 300 and 900, so 300 tests, 9 and a decade. We're clients, but I've never had anyone run that low and not one thing today. Yeah. And there's also been people that obviously haven't coached with it and need to change things for one reason or another. But yeah, I've had a lot of people told it very well, but not everybody definitely, but it's not something that everybody's been to cope with. It's not just the lower end of DHT against the DHN. It's also just a fact that Decker can rebeef, screw certain people's happiness. Yeah. Yeah. I've seen that with a lot of people. Nanderlone's in general seemed to be kind of questionable for people, I think. Yeah. He seemed to be something that was never really thought about or even considered in previous years. And as only sort of come to light in the last five, and so many in the last sort of four or five years, I've heard people have issue with depression when on Decker. Yeah. Maybe to do with overall dosings or maybe something else is going on, I'm not sure. 10, 15 years ago, people were in on Justin Decker all day long with never been anyone to people ever know, complain about it. But then also 15 years ago, people run cycles and just got on with it. They didn't go south, they felt it wasn't a dumb thing. You just didn't go on with it. You know, so... Yeah. He's always been there. It's just been like a feedback. There's not existed in the vast. That's possible. We did hear people talk about some compounds like Trimble-On. You know, the Trimble-On's always kind of had that, you know, devotion about all reputation. So there you go. Yeah. I mean, you go back to when I was cutting my teeth, which would be only, I said forget that's 30 years ago now, no. Okay. You know, so you go about 30 years and Decker was a staple and nobody ever had any issues with it. But like, you know, that wasn't it. You were you didn't talk about your issues as well. You just buried them and lifted more weight. You just got over there, you know, and she had happened to fill with it. All right. We can't anyway. Yeah. How about this one, then? This is just it is, and we've kind of talked about this kind of stuff before. He said he did his first cycle was a 250 test. And he's already responded really well. So for his next offseason bulk, he'd like to, you know, he wants to focus on adding mass. He says he wants to add something to that maybe debaul. What dosage? Thanks guys. You first. Oh, you know, my brain, please. All right. Let's look at this way. If you did really well in 350 test, there's a real good chance that you do really well with 350 tests again. So there is that. If you want to try to keep things as minimal as possible. Uh, the anapol is a compound that'll put on a lot of water weight and give you a lot of strength. It's not something that I would run through the entire cycle. Do keep in mind. There's going to be your, your, your estrogen levels are going to change. There's going to be higher potential for side effects. So if I were to use it, I would try to use the minimum amount possible to get the effect I want. Now that said, there is going to be like a minimal effect of dose two, you know. We, we've talked before about, hey, maybe taking five milligrams would would be enough to notice a difference in the gym and you feel like a little bit better pumps, but realistically, I don't personally think that that's going to provide a lot of additional muscle growth. So we do need to take enough to kind of get that that super thing going on, you know what I mean? And I would put that it maybe 25ish somewhere in there. And I would only run it for controlled period of time. Now keeping mind too, I don't know what he's doing is he coming off and going to PCT after I'm going to assume he is. If he's doing the cycle at 350 my guesses is that he's, he's PCTing and going back to natural levels. You know, a lot of times we've talked about using default toward the end of a cycle nowadays. But if you were to do that, you might, you might end up with like higher estrogen and more complications at the tail end of your cycle as you come back to you. Your cycle as you come off and it could become more of a mass getting into your PCT. So that would be something I'd look out for. But since he knows how test effects him, I think that's the first and foremost thing that we want to know. How does that first compound affect you? And then from there, you can in future cycles begin layering things on to that if you wanted to. I think, I think debob would be a decent option and I'd even say for his purposes. Maybe let the test get built up and then maybe a six week period with the debob, something like that at 25 per day and then finish the cycle out. That would be my thought. But I think there's so many different ways you could do it. You could run it the last six weeks. You could run it the first six weeks. You could run it on training days only. You could run it on training days only for, you know, the last four weeks. There's really a lot of ways to do it. That's just one. Yeah, I'd first thought would be just in 500 megattest. Yeah. Why do we need to add anything else? We're still, you were on a lot of those. There's still plenty of ceiling with the test on this. You know I, you operate with it. You're getting an exclamation management at 500 I was suspect. The only thing I debob is definitely one of the compounds that's going to favor the bulk. My only concern would be the lack of experience in each of your management whether I want him. If he's flying solo to start to have to try and cope with the each of your, the willies lack of experience. So yeah, I'm probably also possibly favor a second compound being the DHT. Yeah, that's not a bad idea at all. So you could do the test with some var. You could do the test with us from mast. You could switch it up. But I think from where he started going up to 500 total injectable, either all test or 300 test to him to master whatever, what would would be a very easy way to move forward out actually, need very much in the way of management. Because as long as his master's genuine, he's sort of self controlling his app, 300 to 100. I like that actually. I would feel a lot more comfortable with that setup. Like you said, not knowing if he's doing this on his own, I assume he is if he's asking us. I think I just run, run, you wouldn't need to go, right, okay, well, you need to do this at this point. Right, this point. You could run. You must go, but as you shop in soy. Yeah. I've seen guino issues with debob, I would say on a much higher frequency than, than most other compounds really. It comes out hard to find. Debob is a nice drug, I don't like Debob, I don't like it, but it does require some intelligence with his management. And I think because it's such an old school drug and it's been around for so long, a lot of people don't realize actually, you know, you sort of need to respect that stuff. It's not just a case of flood type of thing throughout the living, it's a conversation at a big rate and it converts to a synthetic estrogen that's super strong. It's not like you're not really you're naturally, you're in general, you're in general, it'll test these much more, and it's much more impacting. And it needs respect where you could go with a master or an univar and know that I don't really need any management with it, so I can add it in with the comfort of it's going to be difficult to go wrong. Yeah, yeah, I like that. I don't know, being another option, but if you can get real pre-mo, I guess it's more of a lot of days than ever. I would say 30 minutes on an oral would be you can't point for you first time at Dippney Tailor, you'd say 25 30 would be super sweet. Yeah. All right, so we did have a question for you Dave regarding what was it here, Dear Davey Segment. He says, Brilliant Uncle David Segment for the next one, what are some of Uncle Dave's best sleep tips? I'm not a big using something to sleep fun. I think as a community and I think as a general populist human things in general are getting more and more entrenched in the pill for every ill, a tablet solution to every problem. Yeah. And though I'm not saying that's wrong for me personally, I prefer to work on the foundation of whatever it is to stop me sleeping. There's nothing to say that's having said all that. There's nothing wrong with using something like Gabber or whatever it may be in order to help your sleep, but I do think it always needs to be a double-prone attack. So if you're going to go for a supplementation or a chemical aid in order to help you sleep, I think you still need to work on the brain training side or the stress management side, I've also used sleep. And that does mean, you know, some form of relaxation, be it meditation, be it a reduction of oral stimulation or a stimulus stimulation in that. You go to bed and you you leave a phone alone for an hour before you go. My wife likes baths. She'll go and sit in the bath for 45 minutes before bed and use that as a way to release everything out of the head. So that when she goes to bed she's not. I like using notebooks. So I will write everything down that I know I need to deal with and then I basically what I do is that's almost like a program in the instrument and down now. I don't need to think about it. Okay. I can put it out of my head because I've written it down. It's recorded and what I need to do. And then I can think of reloading it into my brain for the next day. Yeah. So there's lots of different ways of how you can calm your brain listening to music works for some people reading works for some people. But I do think that time routines are useful. And I think working on whatever the problem actually is now obviously some of us just aren't wired right anymore because of what lies down to us or what we've done to ourselves through various things, including chemicals. But when I can, I'll always work on the training my mental state even if I do adding a little. I mean, I don't sleep the great is probably 40% of the time I've always got shit. I was going on in my head. But I just stubbornly point blank or refused to use anything to aid my sleep because I know if I do that's what I'll do. Yeah. When I would rather work on, it's the same work when I'm tired and I'm struggling and I would rather work on strengthening my mental resolve to get that work done. And that can be very things. You know, visually and goal, visually, and what the end dream is, visualizing just, but the other thing I find is, is I go back to what I've said a few times. It's just keeps winning. I just go back to just do the next step, just do the next step. So like when I'm working late and he's eight and a clock at night, I've been on the computers in five or clock at the morning. I've still got 50 reports to get out of that day. I just focus to the next one. Do the next thing. I don't look at what I've got in front of that because that's disheartening. Yeah. And then I'll look at that one step and like, I've only got three last days in there. Yeah. Yeah. He's gone from nowhere because I've just been focusing on the first step rather than the journey itself. I can do that too. Yeah. You can do that on that very low level of just a task you're dealing with, you can do that on bigger projects that you're working towards. But yeah. I mean, you know, there's a, you've got, it's probably actually better first in the supplement side of you've probably got more knowledge around what's the performance will help with sleep. But with sleep, when I tend to try and be analytically in my brain function and go, right, okay. So, you know, what are we worried about? Right. What can we do about this? I could do this right there. Right there. Right there. Right there. Okay. Let's focus on what we can do. And I think that's more well. He was going to was because he was asking Uncle Dave's advice, not like, hey, what can I take, you know? Yeah. So I would, I would, what I would like to do is to try and focus on a positive action, even if it's a negative problem. And so if I'm faced with something that's problematic and particularly, if it's out of my control, we never have one problem. We've always got multiple problems in life to deal with. So, this, like, we're not in a, all the moment. It's completely nothing I can do with it. It's the account and then it needs to deal with it. So it's in the account and sounds. Oh, wait. Obviously, the value, I didn't tax tax money. Oh, thank you. Oh, thank you. All right. So it's one of those things, but you can't help but be concerned about it. It's just natural. You worry about it. It's like a police following you. You've done nothing wrong, but you still start worrying that they are, you get hit out of it. Yeah. So, but I'm multiple other things going on. So like, instead of thinking about that, I've been points of looking to a pharmacy project. So it's like, I'll be right, okay. So I will start visualizing what I'm going to do with that project. Which is positive. So that's a positive thing. I'm being proactive. I'm looking at something as positive. I'm looking at something as moving forward. Rather than focusing on something I have no control over. Yeah. And generally, when we don't have control over things, we create negligence of scenarios attached to it because we don't want to stand on the account and problem. So I'll just focus on something that is positive that I know I can actively work towards. That's good advice. I go to sleep with positive reaffirmations going on in my head about what I've been doing. I'm going to do being productive or rather negative thoughts about something I can't control. Well, you gave me two, you gave us two bits of advice and I'm taking them personally that, well, you gave us more than that. But the two I'm taking to hard is going to be to write stuff down because I need to get better at doing that. Victoria and I actually just talked about that. And remembering the things that are in my control versus the things that aren't in my control. There's a lot of people who follow the channel know there's been a lot going on in my life lately between losing the dog and the channel and a good friend. And it's been a really tough time Dave and it's remembering things like that that I think are going to be grounding. I'm on the upswing now. You know what I mean? And it's just a matter of putting all my pieces together. I agree with you a whole hardly though, the supplement stuff. There are a lot of supplements that are helpful and I think the best thing I can always say is we did a podcast. I did one with Dr. Dean St. Martin called Hacking Sleep. So if you look up Hacking Sleep with Dr. Dean St. Martin, that's a good one. And he explains why we experience things like insomnia and he explains what the chemical cascades are in our brains and some supplements that you can use to counteract that like B5P. You know, simple, healthy, over the counter supplements. Not things that are going to bandate it, you know, like, kind of be a family. Yeah, big by face and increased dopamine. You feel what you're re-ordering cool. I mean, I think a lot of those can get to a point where we feel no reward in the positive things we do. And we need to sometimes just go back and go, you know, actually. That's a good thing I've done there. I actually do deserve a part on the, about well done me. I did that. I did that myself. That's good. And we socially, we sort of talk that's arrogance. That's, you know, loudest of congratulate. You are. You've got to be measured with it. But you still have every right to reward yourself even if it's just in your own head. Because you've done it them. No. You know, I mean, I've got 12, 15 blood reports to write. I'm going to try and get him done tonight. And if I do, I'll go to bed with a good shot. David, you've done well. So you're sleeping on a boat tonight? Yeah, it's looking on the boat. So. Friday. Friday show going on. Can you show me out the window again for our listeners? He's, oh, he's pitch black, you know, in the sun. Oh, oh, okay. So you're out of river though. You're out of river right now. Where in the Marina? Where next to the time? The time is in the time of the Marina. Okay. And if in your, so you're obviously you're like further north in the country. How far south, oh, you're south now? At the moment, the south, the boat's down south. Wait, hold on a minute. Where are you like? What area? I want to look this up. Like what? Just outside Oxford. Oxford. Okay. Hold on just a minute here. I'm going to pull this up. I'm going to get a map here. Let's see here. Hold on just a minute. Let me go to here. I'm going to do this. All right, Dave. So here's Oxford. Yeah, there's Oxford. I see rivers here. There's the river. Tests. Yeah, follow that down. Oh, down. No, go away. Wait, go away. This one. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, see that. We're collecting the water there. Right here. Yeah. You're in that. I think so. Okay. So this, this connects to a little river that can be done. No, no, I apologize. Oh, I'm going to have again. Go back out a bit more. What was up? Right. That's what I'm looking for. It's getting all right. Type in research. Henley. How do you spell them? H. E. N. Anyone? No. H. E. N. Why? H. Only on time. G. That's where you want. Go to there. Okay. Right. Good. Down. Good. On the map. Like that area to your left there. Oh, okay. Where'd that? So how far south could you go right now if you wanted to? Oh, not my map. Lonely. Why is my map not loading, Dave? And I can London. There we go. You could go all the way to London from here. Yeah. I know. I'll leave aside. There's ports, Mouth. Where's London there? Oh, there's London. Okay. I'm going to go right across to the other side. Can you go out into this? Yeah. Right. So that out. The answer there are people that have cross the channel in barges, but do it. You have to have a pilot's license and you have to have a pilot on board with a radio and various of the same secret because you all get to be traveling to ship in light. But yes, a barge has unkind of make that crossing. Holy shit. So with Dave disappears, guys. You know that he found open waters and he's just gone. And that's all there. Well, you could still do the show even if you went on the run and you left your light. I can get to Bristol. I can get up to Birmingham. I can get to the other side of the coast. I'm going to get a flat way from here. What are we going to about 400 miles of navigation talking out on that? All right, guys. Well, if we don't see Dave again, it's been a pleasure. And I, I saved, saved travels to my friend. For real, though, appreciate you taking the time. Our regular show got messed up. We weren't able to record. So Dave, Dave recorded from the boat today. We appreciate you having you. Are you taking new clients right now, by the way? Yes, yeah. I've always got a couple of spaces. I tend to always just leave a few hanging around because I have a lot of people coming and go and then they'll come back and then they'll go and then they'll come back. So there's always a bit of fluidity with my coach. Because I know you're like, I'm perhaps not people tidying for fixed events. So I do get a lot of fluctuations. So yeah, always got spaces. All right. You got anything else coming up? I'm getting away from the, I'm doing this seminar for the Grants to E classic in Aberdeen. And if I go out eight weeks, time. Nice. And then I'm going to do another training seminar, but I'm waiting for the full session of the first one to come out before I start pushing out. Okay. Okay. Right on, man. Keep us posted. I'm not really well, but numbers would have been low, but it did go really well. But I'm actually thinking I might keep it low moving forward. So I can get plenty of ones a one time of people. Yeah. All right. Well, keep us posted on that. Let me know when the video is up to and stuff. And guys, check out our sponsors, TrinityTrition.com and use our code think their high quality third party test and supplements. Thank you to everybody from Patreon. A bunch of these question questions were from Patreon today. You guys are helping to make this channel what it is. Regardless of if YouTube wants us or doesn't want us or wants to monetize us or doesn't want to monetize us. Patreon, you guys are always there for us. And thank you to everybody, especially on the audio. I want to mention to you. I'm trying to get video going on Spotify. And there's a big leg. I put the video. I put the audio up and then I put the video up and it. It takes days. It seems for Spotify to be ready to load the show. But we're going to continue to work on that. So check out that stuff. And of course, strong sports nutrition for those of you in the UK. Great health supplements there. Great health stacks and performance stuff too. And less but not least supplement source.ca for Canadians. Guys, they have great deals that change week to week. Hit them up if you want to save a couple of a lot of money actually and get great high quality brand name supplements. For another episode of the podcast, but they press and we'll see you soon. Thanks Dave. Bye.