You have something that's called the erectile phthaloimosal that holds your hair follicle in place within your skin. Huh. Now if that erectile phthaloimosal detaches from the hair follicle in your scalp, that follicle dies. What's up guys, welcome back to Think Big Bodybuilding Media. I'm Scott McNeely and back with me today is Dr. Dean St. Mark. We're going to talk about a few things including hair loss, which has been a topic that it's kind of a niche topic. A lot of people in bodybuilding, they just shave their heads and they're fine with that. And then if I talk a little bit about my hair loss protocol, which I'll talk a little bit about today, then there's always a handful of people that want to know more. So I thought this would be fun. First of all, man, I'm happy to have you back. We've been a little while. Definitely has. Yeah, I was only saying today. It's probably been February. So it's nearly 10 months ago. Yes. It's been a long, 10 months for me. That's for sure. And you're working independently now. You quit your day job as an engineer. You are working full time now with supplement needs, fantastic company, by the way. You guys are knocking it out of the park, man. Some of the best house supplements that are available on the market. So I'm really happy to know there's companies like supplement needs out there. Yeah, and I'm really happy that it exists as well because it definitely for a long time was required in this industry where I was just, even myself as a consumer for a few years ago, just annoyed that people were getting ripped off or was noting really catered towards you know, the whole, I guess audience in this channel with body builders and keep them body builders healthy and safe and given the right education. Yeah. So it's definitely like I said it before we started. It's it's very surreal. This is now my full time job. It's freaking awesome, man. And you're doing good things. I think that body building is lucky to have you because I can tell you that back when I started, we were simply told takes a milk vessel. And that was the only health supplement that we used. Milk vessel, 1000 milligrams while you're on an oral outside of that, you're good. Just make sure you run your PCT and that's it. You're fine. Period. That's it. And then I guess we, I started to wonder why perhaps guys now from 20 years ago who might have started using our suffering health consequences. So yeah. It's definitely an interesting time that we live in with the, obviously the accessibility of the internet and the open transparency of people like myself and Victoria, etc. That are, you know, giving out free education. Yeah. You know, so you're going to listen because ultimately at the end of the day I want people to live happily into the, you know, 50, 60, 70s. But out suffering consequences are similar to choices they made made. Hell yeah. I think that's a, that's a great point. I know you guys have, as your shirt says, supplement needs education, S. and education and that you have a big thing that you've put together or are putting together over there about hair loss. We won't be able to go in quite as deep because the reality is I don't have the attention span to sit here for the next hour and learn everything. But I want to, I don't know if some of our listeners do. Some of them do. Some of them do. But I thought let's, let's maybe look at some of the, I guess more than bullet points. You know, I want to know a couple things. I want to know, you know, what are the, the causes of hair loss to start and then maybe we could talk a little bit about, you know, what are some of the things we could consider to, I guess, keep hair or regrow hair. Where, where would you want to start with something like this? I guess we can talk about potentially some of the mechanisms of all your hair falls out and then we can, we can, we can have it, we can have a discussion of, you know, some of the treatments or why certain treatments work, other stones. But like I said with SN education, I, this was basically a topic that arose because I put a picture on social media of my own hair rewrote. Yes. I am a basically got my hair coat in the summer and I was really bad. I quite a lot of temporal tending up here on both the left and right side and I just turned my wife Morgan and said, how can you never ever said this to me that my hair was this bad. And she just, she turned around and said, well, to be honest, there was never really payin attention, but now that you do say it, yeah, it is quite tin compared to when I first met you. So I guess probably one of the things that happens with guys like you said, the other shave her head or you get lazy and just ignore it. Yeah. The issue is that we're going to see when we have a little shy hairs, it's irreversible if you don't intervene quickly. What effectively will happen is the hair follicle will die and the only way you're getting the hair follicle back would be with a transplant. So it's imperative that when you start to see, you know, tending of hair or miniaturization with the hairs, you know, becoming very fine and tin or you have lost hair basically where it's fallen out that you intervene quickly enough to stimulate the hair follicle to grow again for those stem cells to start growing so that the hair follicle is basically kept intact. Am I right in this? Because I think I've heard that if you are visually seeing hair loss that you've already lost a lot, like you have to lose a ton of your hair before you actually could notice it. Yeah, like an average with the hair growth cycle, you lose between 50 to 100 hairs per day. So when you rub your hand, chew your hair and you see hair actually in your hand. Sometimes guy's freak, where they psychologically think they're losing their hair, but in fact it's just part of the hair cycle where you shed a hair, which is effectively called the clope hair. So that hair can no longer grow, it's detached from stem cells in the hair follicle. So in fact, it's just resting in your scalp and eventually your scalp releases that hair and starts growing a new one. So that's effectively a clope hair will fall out and you'll see that naturally on your pillow. Hopefully it starts growing a new one. That's all I'll say. Exactly. Sort of like, you know, when you start to see this, I guess, by temple tanning, so basically that sort of widows peak or both sides, that sort of the first area where we start to see the genetic predisposition for this undergenic alopee should happen. So I guess we're hairloss before we go off on a tangent to it, alopee, shift from undergenetic issues to sort of seven major ways that you can have hairloss. The first one will be known as the talogen effivium and that sort of where your hair falls out due to stress. So when you're undergoing a real stressful period, this is more so females will notice this. You'll see an increased shedding or what we call a sort of resting phase of our hair and you're shedding hair on a faster rate than the anogen phase, which is where your hair grows is keeping up. So it's all about keeping this balance between the anogen phase, which is where your hair grows and the talogen phase where your hair sort of rests or waits to be shed. Okay. So the talogen effivium is normally caused by psychological stress or it can be caused by physical stress, but that's where your hair is sort of being shed, but there's hair still growing underneath. So it's not sort of an alopee should that be irreversible. Once you want to address that stress, it should restore balance to the hair follicle and that shedding will cease. There. Then you've sort of got nutritional impacts. So again, your hair is made of keratin, which is a protein. So if you're not ingesting enough protein or you're not getting enough vitamins and minerals like vitamin A, vitamin D, zinc, I think vitamin C plays a role as well, selenium. You can all lead to obviously brittle hair and hair is going to fall out then because again it's not being nourished at the follicle. Yeah. You've got endocrine and balances like anogenic alopee, where you have a higher amount of anogenes in your body and it's going to affect the hair cycle. So in other words, you're shortening that anogen phase where your hair is growing and you're lengthening that halogen phase where the follicle is resting and effectively over time then the follicle isn't producing hair at a faster rate than it's being shed and eventually that follicle dies if you don't keep up with that. I guess anogen phase imbalance. So that's probably going to be like the majority of our viewers listeners. Yeah. And then like obviously that your own, this is all if there's a nice published paper where breaks down like sort of the seven major causes of hair loss. You've got, you know, certain drugs can cause hair loss and a lot of guys don't realize that, you know, use of AIs, romatez inhibitors where you're lowering your estrogen to much. Yes. Can affect your hair. Yes. You need a steady concentration of estradial in order to encourage blood flow to your scalp. And also to limit the amount of testosterone in your scalp that can be produced over to DHT. So estrogen is very important for your hair. And in order to, obviously, would be something like tooxifen, which is a selective estrogen receptor modulator. Use and tooxifen to block that estrogen receptor. If it happens in the scalp, you're going to upset that balance. So again, you might see hair shedding. What we do with use, with use and tooxifen. So you're sort of, you know, it's a double ed sort here. A few use either tooxifen or an AIs. That balance of estrogen is very important for your hair. And then I guess the other ones would be certain diseases or malaglances, like again, cancer, etc, would lead to hair loss. But I guess the one that's going to really interest people here is that Androgenic allopation where we have hyper-androgenemia. Basically, you've got too much androgens within the body, which can then act locally under hair follicle. Obset the balance of this hair cycle between an anagion and intelligent phase. And ultimately over time, lead to miniaturization of your hair. So you're no longer producing tick hair. And eventually what will happen is you have something that's called the erector pelaimosal that holds your hair follicle in place within your skin. Huh. Now, if that erector pelaimosal detaches from the hair follicle in your scalp, that follicle dies. So you can imagine as the hair miniaturizes and becomes thin, the attachment of that muscle wouldn't the dermis gets less strong. So becomes weak. And if you allow that miniaturization to continue, eventually that erector pelaimosal let's attach the hair follicle detaches. And again, that's there for strength. But then it also causes the detachment of where you have stem cells within your hair follicle detaching also. Hmm. So this is important that when you start to see hair loss that you correct as soon as possible because when you get to that point, where boy the erector pelaimosal has detached from the follicle, you end up in a scenario that I'm where you have basically lost the hair follicle and you're going to be bald unless you transplant a new graft of a hair that's already attached to the erector pelaimosal. Yeah. Okay. So that's sort of why we need to intervene as soon as possible when we start to see hair fall and out. Then we can sort of get into the real sort of nitty gritty, but I'll keep it as simple as possible here that you have your hair follicle and at the bottom of it we have what's called the dermal pepela. And the dermal pepela is what attaches to the bull above your hair. So at the bottom of your hair follicle you've got this dermal pepela and out of that grows the hair. If that dermal pepela detaches from the hair follicle as well, you lose blood flow to the hair follicle and again that follicle dies. So it's important that you know we've got quite a number of physiological things that we have to consider when we're looking at the health of the hair follicle and ensuring that this collagen phase, the resting phase over hair stays as short as possible in order for the hair underneath the progress back to anage and grow a new hair shaft. Okay. So sort of the main ways we tackle hair loss to sort of four approved ways of addressing hair loss. So we can either increase blood flow to that dermal pepela. Yes. So that dermal pepela now is more blood going to more nutrients, more caretone, more growth factors, etc. that stimulates the growth of a hair. So if you can bring more blood flow to the hair follicle, just a chance then that we're bringing more nutrients and encourage the hair shaft to grow again. Did you see that study where they actually talked about like I can't remember what the duration was but they were doing head massages. Yeah head massager and micro needle is a big thing that effectively helps. So micro needle and not only good for helping collagen at the skin, you can actually do micro needle to stimulate hair growth. And that's something that's become very popular in the last 10 years. So what you're sort of playing on when you do micro needle is your encouraging blood flow to that hair follicle true in juicing a wound. So if you think about it, when you get a wound anywhere in your body if you get a coat, you have all these platelets, clotting factors coming to the area to help heal that wound. Yeah. Now when you have a wound with a hair follicle, the same thing happens again. You have an immune system within your scalp as you would anywhere in your body. But your immune system in your scalp is very important because it helps to basically break down a dead tissue that's in the scalp again, cleaning up the area after it's any bacteria or pathogens present that might be upset in the balance of the micro biomite scalp. When we induce a wound in the scalp, the sort of immune response cells come in, tidy up the area, bring these growth factors with them and help stimulate the growth of hair again. So with that micro needle and it's a really nice way to help stimulate the growth of hair. But also you're creating micro channels in your skin through your punching little pores into your skin with this micro needle. So if you're using topical solutions like monoxidale or fenasteride or order things that we know that we can apply to the scalp, you're creating a little micro channel to allow that solution to penetrate into the dermis as well. I'll be done because we know we know that the barrier to skin is quite thick and again it's there to stop things from being absorbed. So if we can get more I guess local absorption of a compound due to surf citizen to the root of the hair follicle, you're going to for example monoxidale monoxidale increases blood flow to your scalp. So monoxidale can actually reach penetrate your scalp. It's going to encourage more blood flow, more growth factors, it's said, we're too that hair follicle. And again you're going to be enriching that dermal papilla with more nutrients and your hair becomes stronger again. Yeah, so first of all this is kind of funny Matt. He needs this study so that he can show his wife so that he can get some more head robes. I think they were saying it was like 25 minutes a day or something like that, which I mean that's that's a big commitment to get a head massage every day for 25 minutes. I know now for skin they use a thing that I've heard from people that actually are in you know the beauty industry called a dermal roller that does micro-needling across the surface of your face for resurfacing. Is that what you would use on your head or how does that work? Yeah, yeah, you get a dermal, the study they don was between 0.6 of a millimeter to 1.5 millimeter. Okay. So effectively a dermal roller that you do is on your skin, but you're using it on your scalp. So again, if you think about it with the skin, it's helping to stimulate collagen production. Yeah. So again when you're using a dermal roller, you're encouraged in collagen to come to the area of that hair follicle. So you're bringing all these growth factors. Yeah. The main one being it's called vascular endotelial growth factor, V E G F, and that's sort of one of the main ones that helps hair proliferation. Can we get a micro-needling? Research can company owners that are listening. Let's get on that. Like that's sort of the one of the easiest ways that you can encourage blood flow to the scalp. So you can do two or three times per week and then like I said if you incorporate it with top Galapplication, there's a really nice study if you put it into probe med about use a micro-needling along with monoxidil therapy and results the results are incredible. When you see the difference in pictures between the males who applied monoxidil only and the males who don't micro-needling or dermal rolling twice a week and then continue to do monoxidil therapy on top. So that's something that everyone can do at home. Just make sure that if you're going to do it that you follow like good hygienic practice because effectively you are causing wounds in your scalp that can lead to infection. Yeah, yeah it sounds like one of those things like I know body builders were like hey if you know 500 milligrams of test is good then three grams is better. I can imagine some of these guys some of our people are going to take this too far. So go go easy you're saying and start with it. They do warn that if you do combine the therapy of dermal rolling with applying a topical solution that you avoid applying the topical solution after dermal rolling. Okay. The reason being is you might increase the chance of systemic circulation. Oh yeah. And if we sort of look at why monoxidil came about the first place it was actually an oral drug for lowering blood pressure. No kidding. But everyone who took everyone who took oral monoxidil ended up with what's called hyperchocosis. Okay. It's excessive hair growth all over the body. Oh yeah. And that was when they sort of talk okay something interesting is happening here. Yeah. Water free. Water free applied as a topical solution to the scalp can be gets people are alopee should start regrowing hair. And that's what he started to observe in the 80s. So that's where topical monoxidil actually came about that's crazy. So if you do on the off chance apply topical monoxidil after dermal rolling which is a chance of a mic winter blood stream and might start causing hair to grow in places where you don't want to grow. Yeah. All right. Then I guess you know that's sort of encourage and blood flow to your scalp. So monoxidil is probably the one that everyone's heard of and then the dermal rolling on top can help or if you have a willing partner nice Indian head massage couple times. I don't want to get a head of you. I'm so on but I'm using monoxidil. I started it. I saw you know my hair always I always had like really high peaks on my hair. I always had like a five head you know. My hair line was always high but my hair had been thicker than it became as I aged. And I thought you know what? I'll give it a try. I'm going to try some monoxidil and I found that it worked and then I added I didn't want to take finasterized tablets early but I started I you know looking into it and Victoria was looking into it and we we discovered the topical finasterized as well. So that I used that combo man. I could see dermal rolling on top of that being kind of like the trifecta. Yeah yeah and that's one of the big things that my own hair grow to was topical monoxidil with topical finasterized. And that's one thing that's wanting that guys and I get a specific prescription of a spray that has monoxidil and finasterized. I don't have to do the home job that you're doing a crucial tablets and spending it in the monoxidil. Yeah so I mean just because I know I'm going to get people asking that's that's all I do is I'll have one bottle of the foam monoxidil. I'll use that in the morning five five milligrams is it and yeah I present to PM I use the liquid version of monoxidil which is in it and it's pagulated it's in a you know a PEG. I just take the tablets and just drop them in there that I get from my prescription and you know by the if I put them in there the morning by nighttime it's dissolved and then I have a 60 day supply. I've gone a little bit higher because I get the five milligrams tablets but yeah that's that's that's my combo. I'm I'm I think probably about like 1.25 milligrams topically a day of finaster. Yeah I'm what we see is the difference between hair growth of topical and oral finaster. It's very similar. Really? So yeah guys are going the route of what basically happened was when you read the research they were trying to argue that it wasn't just blocking five Alfred octaves in the scalp that was important. It was blocking five Alfred octaves in a whole body and that's why they were sort of trying to push oral being superior to topical for finasterite. So they don't it if phase one phase two and the results of the phase three clinical trial were published at a glass chair put the results between topical and oral finasterite were pretty much the same. I didn't realize that but I'll I'll take it man because I I know so many people have had issues with it orally you know the finasterite syndrome they call it. Yeah and it's sort of like a think five percent of males who use oral finasteride will will suffer with finasterite syndrome like reduce libido which continues post-cization of using the compound. So it's one of those things that guys need to be very wary about when they're making the decision to use because of the global effect that has in the body which now when you look at the research isn't actually required we can effectively block five Alfred octaves in the scalp and effectively limit this undergenic alopecia. Yeah really yeah so but I would go on into like to deep if people want to follow SN education I have like a 50 minute talk on going into the science of five Alfred octaves and wife and astride works and I'm not going to bore people here in society. Do you want to check out the actual molecular science they can head over to SN education and check out the content. That's sort of like two Pirates Citatreatment so you've got your increased blood flow you've got sort of the hormonal imbalance we're using the finasterite. The sort of turtle will be reducing inflammation. Yeah so we know that inflammatory cascades when in the scalp like that intelligent efflivy in my talk about where hair is falling out because of stress. If we can limit the amount of inflammation in the scalp whether that's true say dermatitis where we have potentially increased skin growth which is irritating the scalp them with say dandruff or we have maybe an in order interesting thing that we're starting to see is the microbiome of the hair. So in other words I guess how do you immune system interacts with the in order commensal bacteria in our head is important. And what we're actually starting to see is the bacteria pacchines that propeliony bacteria acne that causes acne on our backs when it reaches high levels. In guys who suffer with hydrogene calopiesia, drags we started to see that approximately 80% of these males have a high amount of pacchines within their scalp. No kidding. Wow. So there's potentially there that this bacteria is starting to enter into a territory where you know we have higher levels of sebum being produced because of the DHD production and that again is causing inflammatory response that's causing damage to the hair follicle as the body is trying to combat that bacteria within the environment basically. So that's something nice to see that you know when you use finastriotopically you may be limiting the proliferation of that bacteria again because you're limiting the amount of DHD present in your scalp. Interesting. Then there's order you know wanting that people asked me my opinion on was Azalecasid? Have you ever heard of this? No this is a new one to me. So Azalecasid is used mainly as sort of like a topical moisturizer by women but when it's applied to the scalp helps to limit inflammation helps to upregulate some of the growth factors within your scalp. And there was another story again where you combined Azalecasid with monoxid ill. And that increased the effect the efficacy of the monoxid ill. So in order as you're lowering the inflammation you're bringing more blood flow to the area and the dermal papillis is happy and the hair follicle starts growing. So Azalecasid is something that people can look for topical application if they want to go down that route. Interesting. How would you go about that as there are a dosage for that that people should look for? There wasn't anything really mentioned when you look at the literature in terms of dosing it's just again just apply it in a mountain I suppose to the scalp. It's very difficult to probably quantify the actual amount. If you buy it as a as a moisturizer there's no sort of standard dosage just asylic acid in a bottle to a percentage. I see. You know volume volume per volume so you're probably just going to apply a small amount to whatever's needed. So you know effectively where you're put on your scalp. And then probably the other one that people probably don't know too much about and there's quite a number of like patents or again research into his immune oil. Oh okay. So, immune oil when you look at the literature from the last maybe 12, 13 years. E-m-u oil helps. First of all it has high amounts of linolanic acid which would be an omega fatty acid which helps again nourish your hair follicle because again it comes back to that nutrition aspect we spoke about so we have to ensure that you have a nice amount of pollion saturated fats in your diet again for the lipid membranes of your body in order to repair them. Yeah. So, immune oil is a high amount of linolanic acid in it which helps nourish the hair follicle. But what's very interesting about immune oil is that it passes straight through your skin. Okay. So it's basically in the literature it's phosphorus deficient. So if you look at the outside of all your cells you have this phospholipid membrane. So because immune oil has no phosphorus in it, it easily passes through your skin. Okay. So what you can effectively do here then is when you've applied your fenastrid, you've applied your monoxidol, you can use your immune oil on top in order to help the absorption true to dermal layers. Oh yeah. I like to have like where we're going with this. This sounds good. So in order to what we're trying to do is take advantage of enhanced, I guess, topical delivery of stuff that we know works. Yeah. And then I guess the fourth aspect to hair treatments will be you know the inevitable like we talk about over in Europe going to say Turkey and getting a hair transplant. That's sort of a hair transplant. So obviously like the success rate of a hair transplant is greater than 90%. So basically what you have two sort of scenarios. If the old fashion way with a hair transplant where boy they take a strip of hair from the back, which is the sort of occipital part of your head, literally cut that out and then just layer on top of where needs hair again basically. The owner area that they sort of do, which is I guess the newer way of doing transplant would be basically they they remove individual hair follicles from the occipital area. And then transplant that follicle into a balled area. So sort of minimize scaring procedure. Not actually having to cut parts of the scalp off. You're pulling the follicle out sort of true, a punching mechanism, sort of sort of punch one millimeter holes into that occipital area and take the hair out and transplant it in. Wow. Now the thing about hair transplants and you know of sort of overly spoke about this even on social media, they fail and most guys don't don't admit their failure or talk about their failure. So if we sort of look at the mechanisms of hair loss, they still apply to transplanted hair. So if your hair is fallen out from your temporal region on either side, you can sort of guarantee you would in five to six years that transplanted hair is going to suffer the same fate. Unless you you know incorporate some of the strategies that we've talked about there have helped increase blood flow limiting the angrigens, lowering inflammation and this should be something that sort of critically told to transplant patients of, you know, when the transplant is done, some surgeons will encourage use of monoxidin post surgery in order to help the graft stick. Yeah. But it should effectively be prescribed for the long term. Which may not be sense. It makes it a total sense. I heard one time Joe Rogan made it in analogy that I thought sounded really good about this. He said hair transplant is like if you have a bunch of sick people because they live in the city and there's a lot of smog and pollutants and that they're dying off because of that and then you take healthy people from a clean neighborhood like out in the suburbs and then you move them into the city eventually you know they're going to be good at first but eventually they're going to get sick too. That's that's a great analogy and that's again that's why we want to when we're treating angrigenetic out of patients. I guess the sorry circumstance is that it's sort of a lifelong treatment if you want to keep your hair basically because of the high instance of I guess Scott would love this because Scott has often talked about, you know, the CAG repeats and the angrigens receptor. Yes. He's often spoke about you know guys who have shorter ones or longer ones but basically the people who have shorter CAG repeats will respond to fenastroid therapy within their hair follicles so we're going to limit the amount of damage within the hair follicle whereas people have higher CAG repeats so they have to sort of polymorphism within the angriam receptor which might make them a hyper responder effectively leads them to losing their hair. So you can do this sort of genetic test to see or susceptibility to angrigenic allopisiable. It's it's more than likely approximately 70% maternally inherited. So you can sort of look at your ankles, your grandfather, your mother's side, you can sort of follow the maternal line and see you know what's sort of fate your hair is going to have as you age but know that these therapies like monoxyl etc. If they're used early so again if you're suffering with undergenic allopisia in your early 20s there's noting to say that you can't continue that therapy you know forever and maintain that hair her health. Yeah. But as soon as you stop the processes you underlying genetics you can't avoid that genetics so the hair is eventually going to fall out. So it's sort of you know if you're making this commitment to keep in your hair you have to stay on top of the treatment if you want to if you want to maintain it basically and that's to say point that applies to your hair transplant. That makes sense and I guess you know it comes down to you know how much do you care about it for some people like we talked about it beginning some people they start losing their hair and they're like ask you're they just start shaving their heads and that's fine and then there's other guys they you know they they just I guess the thing is is you know where where do you want to draw that line I I couldn't see myself ever going in for a hair transplant but I thought to myself you know what it would be easy enough to try some things that would help me to retain and actually my hair has gotten thicker in the process it's improved now I will say I did take a step back when I got COVID all my hair started falling out like and and I'm sure that had to do with stress number one in inflammation number two but I experienced a ton of hair loss and when I first went back to get my hair cut my barber looked at me and he was she was like holy crap like what happened you know because it was just across the board everything had thinned out my hair got super brittle too but now fast forward eight months later and it's you know it's it's not quite to where it was but it's you know it is what it is I guess right and I'm happy that there are steps I can take you know yeah I mean that's again it's like myself I've areas probably in my temporary region here that sort of weirdo's peak I'm never going to grow and back that I've had slowly receded say from maybe the age of 23 24 I'm because of so slow your sort of you know I it's fine you don't really notice it and then you get to like your your methodies and you look and you go well actually maybe I should have not been lazy back there and incorporate these strategies but I think you know I think you started to put a little more focus on your hair as you get older and you realize that you know it's not a precious commodity but you've sort of got a limited time of appreciate it before you actually have to start taking care of it yes yeah that sounds good man