Maybe it's not spoken of enough how beneficial growth can be. It's a powerful net-on in a ball, you know? I'll let you know a secret mate as well because that's something actually leverage at higher dose in those phases with clients. Yeah. And I think psychologically people have a much easier time spending periods on lower antibiotics without mentally getting affected quite as much. And you know what it's like Scott, right? If someone gets affected to that degree mentally in those periods of time, they just don't stay off along, you know? Some of the new stuff like SLUPP332, I'm a big fan of that now between cycles. My favorite place to put it is after the cycle is over, after somebody's completely stabilized. And then we add that in as we're moving toward the next phase. And if it's improving mitochondrial health in number, then you know, then I think that we're just kind of tuning up to get the most out of, you know, where we're going next. What's up guys? Welcome back to Think Big Bodybuilding Media. I'm Scott McNeily. And we are back again with Kubik Challenge. What's going on brother? Welcome back guys. I'm excited today too. We've got some great topics. So I'm looking forward to getting stuck in and sharing some insight. And hopefully provide you with some value as always. Yes. Yes. What's this? So we've got, I know we have a few topics. We've got a couple listener questions that we're going to tack on at the end and by the way, guys, if you are enjoying this show, then let us know comment. Let us leave us questions for the next one. And of course, if you haven't subscribed to our content, we'd love to have you along. We have several bodybuilding podcasts that come out each week. So Kuba, I know the, the big one that's been on your mind and your heart right now is, and it's not a sexy topic. The sexy topic is like, what are we going to do to go on cycle? Yes. But to the opposite of that, preparing to basically mentally, preparing to come off and the things that go along with that. It's a sad day, but eventually every cycle has to end. Absolutely. Every cycle, every prep, every off season, right? It all comes to an end. And then I do feel like you can experience almost a little bit of a, a bit of a tough time off the back of the, of the other side, right? Now, I'm going to refer back to the party day, right? And back in the party days, you have to understand that whatever comes up must come down. So when you've got, you know yourself, right? When you get that up, the, the dowel is just, it's, it's equally as bad as good that, that they actually that makes it. So the same principle of plans with Anna Blacks, that was an opinion. And I am pretty sure you all agree with me. And this is something that I have noticed this past couple of years myself, with me having the year that she had last year. And a number of clients that I'm working with and have worked with in past and as a recent, I've actually had quite a lot of consultations with a few females that wanted me to review their entire self, the blood work, supplementation, what they're doing right now, what they're taking, how the training is looking, how the diets look in, and pinpoint what could potentially run, why do they feel like something is off, and why do they feel like something is wrong, right? And the conclusion is this, when you are on cycle, in my opinion, you are constantly having a dopamine hit, you are making progress, whether you are in prep or enough season setting, it's still the same, you are stepping forward and you are making significant leaps and progression, right? That in itself is going to travel a lot of dopamine. Sure, now, I've been anabolic on top, that is going to make that so much more intense. Oh yeah, so imagine this, right? You've got a 20 week prep or 20 week week off season setting. You are constantly doing this, you're coming up, coming up, coming up, coming up, coming up, you will need to get to a point where you either enter a maintenance phase, when you get to a certain point where you max down on your season, or when you get to the back end of a contest prep, you will need to enter a health phase, you cannot continue using the same anabolic you are using, and the worst thing that can happen off the back of a contest prep as well is the pulse shot blues. You don't get the same traction on Instagram, which again is a massive massive kick for people. You don't get the same gratification of looking at daily changes to your physique, and in fact at that point then it's the opposite because you are looking at your physique, and you are losing a condition it was working for. You are slowly getting softer, you are slowly getting heavier, and then you get to a point where you are not seeing visual changes week to week, the body weight has come up, and even the progression in the gym isn't quite as fast. So you have so much less input that is going to drive the energy that doping in and that happiness, right? Absolutely. And this is where if you do not have the right coping strategies in place, if you do not have macro structure to goals, you can have a really really bad time, and I see this with a lot of clients that have immaculate blood work, both males and females, and I would argue it's much more severe in females and we can get into that in a little bit. But generally what I notice is a massive massive low of the back of a phase where Anna Bollocks were high and then Anna Bollocks have to be brought down. Unfortunately, the way we periodise a season, when Anna Bollocks have brought down, that period of time is also the least glamorous period that you can go through. Yeah, because generally, in that period of time, you're either going to be recovering after a show, so things are just not going to be the same. You'll be getting body fat, or you are entering a maintenance phase in off season, where your drugs are coming down and guess what? You just get in softer because the drugs are coming down, the look isn't the same, you don't have the same intracellophoneness, so every week you look itself and you get softer, you're not strong, you're not making the same progression the gym. Mentally, I feel like a bodybuilding can be extremely harsh in those situations on both males and females. One way to avoid this is setting some mini goals and having a structure in place where you are not just getting dopamine from bodybuilding. I feel like the people that have nothing else contratables. Watch the table, by the way. I tell people you get a couple of hands. I do an infarctum and a pound on the table. Jail the people that have nothing but bodybuilding, right? Yeah. They will always have a much harder time to be able to recover from these phases. So the best piece of advice in supplements aside will conquer supplements in a little moment, but the best piece of advice can give you when you do go through that phase where antibiotics are lower or antibiotics are seized. In most female cases, you will come off antibiotics and then the delo is even worse. You have to find something else that is going to give you a similar amount of dopamine and this is where I do believe that having other interests and hobbies can be extremely beneficial and helpful because then you are not sitting all day and thinking about your own process. Yeah. And this has come from someone that can be extremely self-aware of my own thoughts, especially in the past few years. I can really be in my own head. If I'm not busy, it's the worst it can happen to me because if I'm not busy and I'm occupied with stuff that I enjoy and I'm passionate about again for me it's just a downhill spiral and it's the same and it's funny and it must be something genetic because my mom always values me to say if she isn't busy, if she isn't working, if she isn't constantly engaged, she will feel extremely low and down. Yeah. I think that's common for a lot of us and especially like bodybuilding we are so like goal focused. I wasn't prepared my first contest prep. Everybody talked about all the things you did for the show. So nobody talked about after the curtain closes and the lights go out. It was something I had to figure out on my own that first year. But it quickly, I mean you're bringing a lot of that back too because some of that stuff I think I take for granted. No, so I think it's really good that we're talking about this. It's just a firm and minus call because sometimes we can get caught open just taking action doing all these things that we do right. And sometimes you can forget the impact, something that we love can have on us. It's not necessarily always going to be positive. We have to accept that. But there's strategies that we can actually put in place to have a much easier time to handle this. Where I think this situation is much more severe is females and let me talk to you why. When male stay kind of all it's, we will have a higher dose, a peak dose in the offseason. But then we actually come back down to our baseline dose. We still will get a bit of a dip, but it's not as big as a female world because if you are a female and you're not using any HRT, you're not using any of your fantastic, generally you're to start your response, but we're going to sit in like 0.8 to like 1.4 range. That's British range. I'm not sure what it's in America. Yeah. Taking something as little as 35 milligrams of any antibiotic of choice per week, right? Up to 70 and some females in big categories more 100 to 100 we'll see that quite often, right? Yeah. Now imagine what happens to someone's psychology, dopamine and all the other feelings that they get when they're on cycle, the second that is removed. Oh yeah. Combine that with a post-show face for a female where they have to gain body fat and already that alone is something that can really have a negative impact on one psychology. Combine that with removing the antibiotics and if you are not meant to the strong, you can experience an extremely extremely hard time and this is where post-show in my opinion is the most severe time for majority of assisted females. Yeah and I can honestly across the board females and males both go but I think that what you're speaking to right now is the number one reason that people end up not coming off. Yeah. I agree. Especially especially with a lot of females and look if you're not coming off as a female you're going to be in a world of trouble because even if you're losing low dose you are going to be a little less quite heavy and look this is me speaking of experience. I'm not an expert and I don't claim to be an expert on on female health, right? But I have coached females for a long long time and I see a pattern of what happens when antibiotics are used and when antibiotics are seized and what we actually have to point to practice a lot of athletes have no issues but if you have an athlete that is mentally fragile or isn't as mentally strong they are going to have even a hard time to be able to recover from a psychological perspective because I have reviewed so many different blood work panels, right? And blood work's got looks outstanding but they continue to say something drawn, something's off. It is off but I don't think it's necessarily blood related. I think it's more so they had the high and now it's just a massive low and they are constant on a baseline level when they have the feeling that they had backing prep or enough season when they were using a ballics to compare to, right? And it's just it doesn't compare. I know myself, Scott, when I'm taking two grams of a ballics, I know how I feel, right? As soon as that comes down to 400, 300 or 500, the difference is significant and within a matter of weeks. But this is where I do have certain supplementation in place and I do have other hobbies and my days at a extremely structured busy so I don't have time to sit and be my own head. That's the worst thing they can do. Tell us about some of the supplements you were mentioning. Have you heard of Suffraine Extract? Suffraine? Suffraine? I know I haven't heard of it being used for anything I don't think. It's actually really really good. Okay, really good. Jo Jeff is actually posted some research on Suffraine Extract. So I'm going to give him a shout out because again I don't claim to be an oil oil and I don't claim to, you know, come up with all these things. Yeah, he posted about it and I actually used it at it myself and it has made a significant difference. One supplement that I feel like is extremely undervalued in combination of both supplementary elites or meager at a very high dose. Okay, meager, high dose of meager has actually been shown to improve some states of depression I think it was. I'm pretty precise and there was some research done where a high dose of meager actually improved people's well-being that was really in a bad way, mentally. There's that. So Serotonin is produced in the gut and there's something to do with omega threes that are responsible to improve or optimize that production. And the only reason I know that is there is or was a psychiatrist who was actually from Michigan that I heard talk on this and he insisted that his patients all went to, it was like 12 grams per day of an omega supplement before he would even treat them with an SSRI. Just to ensure that it wasn't something internally that they like that they couldn't fix themselves, you know. So you actually nailed it because I was going to talk about dosing and ever since I actually read that and they look, I'm not the one to site research but I have seen it posted by I believe it was Dr William Wallace. Okay and ever since I read that I straight away took a omega dose of 10 grams per day. So I'll take 10 grams, 10 grams of my fat actually comes from me and I have actually trialed that with a lot of clients and the difference in my opinion is substantial especially when you have clients that have a lot of self awareness and not already dialed in. When you make a small change like that they notice it. Now combining that with high dose of D3 and K2 especially in UK makes a massive difference. I feel like a lot of people especially when you are using anabolic with spoke about this before but Danabolic, Danabolic well actually downregulate your D3 alone. Combining that with absolute zero sunlight in UK 99% of the time you need a hefty dose of omega omega and D3 together. Now yeah. I know I think that I've read is taking omega's and D3 together actually improves the absorption of D3. Really? Okay. Yeah something to do with the fat inside it and you'll notice some of the D3 products that you can buy as well are often combined with a lot of oil. Some of them don't actually come in solid tablets, some of actually come in droplets. They can be quite handy and other things that can actually help is so bad to believe it or not. You am realizing some bad for low, low duration of time to again improve the absorption of D3. That tends to really make some massive difference and final one that I really like is magnesium. Okay yeah yeah. I have very high dose again. People often take like a thousand-mild of omega magnesium but they actually forget that out of a thousand-mild omega magnesium by glycine for example you only absorbed around 10% of that. Yeah. So you're only actually getting 100 milligrams of magnesium. So essentially you need to be taking at least 500 milligrams per day if you are active and you are training a lot. Personally I'm actually up to around 700 milligrams per day and the difference I've noticed in my energy I'm at a recovery is huge. Okay and as a reason I'm not sure if you follow any of the guys that apply a lot of research on Instagram and stuff but I've got a setting my Instagram right where you can star people and you want to see the feed of the people that you start. Oh yeah yeah okay so I basically got my favorite start right and that's all I can see and they're actually a post-doc research when it comes to magnesium, D3 Omega's, creating and the combination of it all like you can actually lead to some fantastic results and ever since I've actually brought my magnesium to a very high dose I mean 7,000 milligrams which gives me 10% of that so like 700 milligrams of magnesium per day is a lot to a lot of people but essentially it's not because RDA is around 400 milligrams and if you are training you are taking our ballics your needs for magnesium are going to be a lot higher especially that being a bigger male or female. Do you split that up or how do you take that? I split it with every single meal so I split my D3 all in the morning because I do find if you take it pretty bad all later in the day it can actually the disruption sleep. Sure then my Omega and my magnesium actually spreads across each okay yeah that makes sense and it makes it easy to do. I like that with the Omega throw it a brand force what's a brand you like because I want to make sure I don't know how it is over there but over here we have a lot of real cheap Omega's that are in the grocery store. Dream by GHP, these got a good one. Dream by GHP Omega follow-pro it's incredible yeah it's really good scoff. That's right. Yeah and I mean that even is like trying to plug his product but just that there's a lot like if you go to the grocery store they have really crappy stuff that might even be rancid for yeah you know. It's really good. I definitely stand by the products and it does have potential ingredients and when you have these potential ingredients in it you cannot mess around with what's actually inside it right so it's definitely definitely why I use them face-out over that neck of woods in America. Pretty sure true nutrition will probably have some good Omega's. True nutrition has one but that's not really their wheelhouse, their facial oil it's okay but I prefer the I think it's ultra Omega by now foods and it's a two to one that I like a lot and I usually do about four grams per day but I have I will go up a little bit go up to maybe six or seven and I try not to go below four. Yeah now with Kobe magnesium final one show we out in the room and yeah absolutely. Yeah crazy. I mean the research I got is I'm this and did you know this is why I really like Instagram at times because when you're selected with what you follow you get to see all these little things that are posted and then for me when I click on it I get to see all the little research snippets that these doctors are posting and actually I can actually read something that's going to be valid to me right so you've got to be selective of what you consume your diet isn't just what you eat it's what you consume and what you look at. How much is it? I guess what I want to add in the moment. 10 grams? Oh 20? Oh I'll just keep doing by 10. 30? 30 grams a day. Okay. Hey I saw research showing that 30 grams had I can't remember what the result was but it was a greatly improved cognitive function in sleep deprived people. That's exactly what that's exactly what I'd yet. Okay yeah and this is a red that I was like right I'm taking for a let's go. Okay yeah yeah I look I'm not sleeping prior I've mostly textile and yeah but generally I'm very self alert and in tune with making small changes and I know if something makes a difference I do not have any caffeine first thing in a morning Scott but I do have 10 grams of creatine in my drink in my morning drink okay and I have my red light on right drink and I kid you not the focus I can't reach my 90 like 3 feet 3 feet over the focus that I have in the morning is incredible and I very much attribute that to getting good sleep magnesium omega is also creatine in the morning so all of these supplements that would just reel out guys they are not only going to make you feel good they will improve your recovery and sleep to an agree as well so you're not just getting a value from a mental health standpoint to an agree but you are going to get a value from a recovery standpoint as well so these are extremely helpful that of ones that can actually help you stuff like GABA pre bed if you are having any anxious period right I think GABA is actually really really good but also 5 HP I high dose okay yeah I mean if you've rave before you know 5 HP is a most so do you have any do you have any and your combinations into supplements I like P5P before bed as well I'll add that one in as part of my pre bed stack I have to be careful with high dose a P5P why before that it helps to improve sleep it helps you with yeah yeah yeah it's really good then the P6P 5P yeah yeah yeah so I'll take that before bed and I do need to be on a more rested okay I mean you can you can too it doesn't it doesn't it never like knocks me out okay but I noticed that if I do 200 milligrams before bed I wake up feeling more rested and I have to be careful with the 5 HP but I do like that one as well pre bed I think you're nailing a lot of the a lot of the basic things that I try to hit I'm finding too so you know we talked before about some of the new stuff like SLUP332 I'm a big fan of that now between cycles I'm just just seeing a lot of people like a lot of my clients if wanted to try it and I'm finding that my favorite place to put it is after the cycle is over after somebody's completely stabilized and then we add that in as we're moving toward the next phase and if it's improving mitochondrial health and in number then you know then I think that we're just kind of tuning up to get the most out of you know where we're going next and I do think that there is a you know there's a psychological boost to to like adding something new yeah so I think that's it I'm trying to find it with that yeah exactly it is yeah I mean it gets someone opportunity to really get stuck into something that's going to be let's see if this does anything right and it's like almost like a little chance to see well if it gives me like 1% it's always 1% better would you use it post show? Man I don't know honestly I you know this is the first year that I've been experimenting with it and I'm almost thinking I would I would consider running it into the show and if I were running it into the show I might then and I haven't had anybody compete yet this season but they are going to be in the next three weeks now so we'll see and he is using SLU okay and I would think that I would then continue it on also I'm going to throw this at you so I started it 400 micrograms boosted it up to 500 and you know split twice a day I'm finding that for and this is just for myself I get a really good boost from 250 like I find it if I don't take that second dose I definitely notice it if I do personally okay but if I don't I'm almost kind of thinking to myself like hey I can I get more out of less is kind of my thought so I'm almost thinking that maybe if somebody has a strong response to it like I do maybe just kind of starting love leaving yourself room to maybe even increase later you know kind of coming at it from a different angle though with the SLU I think that yeah overall though man I I hadn't thought too far ahead about this topic but I I'm I'm bored with everything you're saying I guess you know in another one thing that I don't think is talked about enough and I'm going to get into actual like compounds actual gear now of course so I used to cycle on and off did PCT recover all of that when I now got tell me about it so the first time that I ran growth hormone it's right when the original high-d tropians came out and they were great man great G.A.S. and I continued on that at a low I think I could afford like two units per day or three units per day I continued on that after the cycle was over through the PCT and into that recovery period and I I really felt psychologically stronger you know I did I kind of felt like hey I'm still getting some benefits of recovery while my HBTA is you know repairing I'm still getting like good pumps in the gym I kind of feel like I'm still on so I think there maybe it's not spoken of enough how beneficial growth can be it's not on and a bottlenecks you know a lit in a secret mate as well because that's something actually leverage at higher those in those phases with clients yeah I could see especially clients that have affordability again a lot of it will get to fairability absolutely what post show I do like to leverage a lot of bit more growth hormone especially when it comes to that post show recovery for extra sleep but also in enough season the reason why I to leverage a lot of bit more growth hormone is because what happens when the first two or three weeks when you stop cycle you get flatter you'll lose the pop now leverage a more growth hormone you mitigate a lot of that and I think psychologically people have a much easier time spending periods on lower antibiotics without mentally getting affected quite as much and you know it's like Scott right if someone gets affected to that degree mentally in those periods of time they just don't stay off for long enough and my goal is to make sure that they actually stick to the plan we have and stay off to recover the blood work and get back on point but guys if you have any questions regarding the topic or any it's something you might have experienced yourself or you have experienced it with clients drop us a comment below and let us know you know let us know your experiences at look it's something that I've experienced myself a lot and Meg compete twice last year but she's spent entire year prepping right so mentally you can imagine how low she fell off the back of it at the very end blood work Scott amazing right with the blood work for covered real fast the blood work actually recovered much faster than actually anticipated right especially after such a long season but mentally I think it took good five months for her to recover she's still probably not a little bit since it's only just recently started to feel like herself mentally so you can imagine that's a long time since there's been a plus year right hey one more supplement and it is one more supplement I do want to throw in during that phase as altirousine I think that altirousine could be really beneficial for help with regulation of thyroid number one but number two there is an effect with sensitizing the receptor that dopamine would attach to so you'll make it's from what I understand altirousine isn't as much of a stimulant as much as it is going to make your stimulants more effective and that includes things like norp and a for an end dopamine so in a phase like that where those things are going to be a lower in fact I know of a a neuro neuro scientist who who works with people as a psychiatrist in altirousine is one of the compounds he uses he doesn't just directly throw it at him right away but it is something he does work in great point one thing to mention as well is T3 people using thyroid I feel like I'm not sure your take is on it but when people remove thyroid prematurely post-show and I've seen this happen as well when you use in thyroid right for me the best way to actually come off is actually giving yourself time to recover and bring your body weight up and bring calories up first you fire over a course much quicker when your carbohydrate is higher and generally you will notice this in blood work yeah and people for people don't understand it's like the quickest way to recover your thyroid is bringing up your calories and body weight that is how your thyroid recovers if you are using hormone replacement thyroid in prep and personally I never use anything above hormone replacement so I will always gauge thyroid use based of blood work and generally want to keep the thyroid within range not above it absolutely one thing I've noticed and it always happens with a lot of clients and me myself included when you come out of a show phase and you go for a recovery period you increase your food increase your body weight all of a sudden you can be taken the same thyroid dose but the thyroid readings you will get in your blood work will be much higher therefore that almost gives you the green light to either remove some of the thyroid or lower the dose of thyroid and the biggest mistake I have seen people make is this post-show comes around they remove thyroid prematurely and at the same time what they do is pull back on the food that is probably the worst thing that you can do because guess what happens then as soon as you pull that food back down you metabolism down regulates again what happens when you metabolism down regulates you thyroid function is down yeah double body and guess what when you pharaohs low you are going to feel low as well you're eligible sensitivity to to to cold it's not it's not a great place to be and a lot of natural athletes will experience that out of away because you're not a but for assisted guys there's no excuse right so just wondering to where you have just don't overcook your pharaohs use if you are taken too much your rest in heart rate will be sky high and you're probably gonna feel a little bit on edge as well but again look blood work is the best indicator to really gauge and fine chewing your pharaohs use in prep and in off season I like to see that's kind of a good segue so before we go to that yeah I like to sit at 150 t4 and 25 t3 and that puts me okay right in the right in the middle but I do have clients that 37 t3 and 150 t4 like puts them like pretty much a bottom range then I have other clients that can get away of just taking t4 that's obviously was using rough hormone out there's 100 micrograms and that puts them in the great range with both t4 and t3 I personally like to use t4 initially I don't like to use t3 alone I feel like t3 alone doesn't yield as much of a great conversion I feel like you always have to use more t3 when it's used alone but again that's just my that's just my take on that okay all right segue I was going to say about the yeah segue so you had we had a couple other topics and one of them was what to consider oh no excuse me how you're how to use your blood work to guide your stack design so I thought of that one because you're talking about you know basically dosing t3 off of lab work so what I'm going to go with this one how blood work can guide your stack design I mean I know from I my maker it's not what it used to be on cycle so that's a major consideration for me is that where we're going like that type of thing or what absolutely absolutely I mean look we know different compounds will have different effect right unsight effects realistically an effect of a compound is to an agree aside effect right everything that's just a fact so with codifier right right we're I think we can all agree that the the most effective way to dose your fire out is based of blood work now when we look at drugs beyond that I do feel like blood work can guide how much testosterone you can use without over cooking yourself and having estrogen that's probably going to turn you into a hormonal girl and what compounds should you away with if you are using EQ and you know that your hematicrit is already high it's probably not the best drug for you let's face it yeah so you can always adjust your stack design based of what you see with your estrogen and even your Brad Red Blood Cell count to a degree personally I do not actually like my estrogen sitting crazy crazy high and the only time where I will let estrogen sit a lot of it higher is for the guys that gen with a like to have it higher or feel good on it being higher yeah what what's your range the UK range and where do you like to sit then I do you can range if I think is like not point 40 up to like 15 160 okay in enough season my sweet spot is around 180 to 200 okay so just outside just outside and I don't think the concern is if you are using super physiological levels of testosterone you should probably expect that estrogen to sit outside the norm because your testosterone is going to be much outside that norm however as much as blood would conguide our decision making and give us a reference point I definitely feel like it's often wise to actually ask your client or ask yourself well this is my estrogen this is how we should test them taking how do I feel is my section I've got do I feel energetic is my sleep good how do my joints feel how is my digestion how is more attention how is my blood pressure right if your blood pressure is too high you can in a ton of water and your estrogen is elevated and you are bloated and you've got poor sleep guess what you're probably need to lower test those and you might need to up wherever of anabolic you're taking to match that dose that you are taking overall I feel like a lot of people are obsessed with taking high amounts of test and realistic of Scott it doesn't really matter what you take what matters the most is the total milligrams that you can tolerate with the least side effects and what I mean by that is how much can you get away taking to a degree for your needs in your level right which that could be 500 mx or it could be 2000 mx or 3000 mx but whilst keeping the side effects are an absolute minimum so in an ideal world you don't want your red blood cells or hematocritin a sky high you don't want your estrogen sky high by the same time you don't want estrogen too low if you are using tremble or deca please always make sure that you have an estrogen sensitive test because if you are using tremble or an adecca that will give you a false reading in a normal estrogen test I have had clients come to me so many times when they're using tremble or adecca they're like mate look at my estrogen oh my god look at my estrogen like you had a normal estrogen test on there they were like yes well it's that's not estrogen mate go back how about estrogen sensitive test and let's review it again but generally you can always feel if estrogen is too high allow however I do feel like your blood work can give you a good indication of what changes you need to make with your cycle would you agree I agree yeah I you know two decades ago getting lab work wasn't something we did on cycle we were told to you know 20 years ago like get your lab work done twice a year you know make sure that your health markers are good now guys are getting on and I like also just people like hey you know we start a cycle let's check where you're at and four weeks let's see where your estrogen level is then and then we can decide what we're gonna do as far as estrogen control man had we not done that in certain circumstances I wouldn't have discovered that EQ was greatly impacting a guy's estrogen levels you know and sometimes it can just be then hey maybe we in that situation maybe we do want more test in order to get that ratio higher than then say we were at a one to one test to to EQ you know maybe when it say it was 300 and 300 maybe we want to go to 500 test to 300 EQ to get that into a better range we wouldn't be able to do that had we not checked to see what his estrogen levels were you know and and that will greatly affect your gains if your estrogen is destroyed you know not just your gains but the way you feel mentally I mean if your estrogen is through the bin your energy is gonna be through the floor you you're gonna feel very very low and guess what you're training performance will in the bin you've made a fantastic point here with EQ this is why I'm not that much of a fan of it because I have seen it crush people estrogen especially recently this trends that go around right and in UK I think recently quite a lot of people have been taking EQ again and I have had two colections we have two colections we have two colections we have the estrogen like not existing and they were taken a little bit more EQ than the test so great point you've made Scott if you are going to do test any Q make sure your test is higher than EQ initially and guess what even if you are higher on a tizer trust me EQ will pull it down heavily so just add on the side of caution if you are going to use it personally I'll hold my hand up I don't have that much experience with EQ because that's one drug I cannot tolerate so I don't take it oh that's right yeah whenever whenever I have had a client's run it though it's always been a very low dose and it's been effective at a low dose but it has always been combined where it's slightly higher testosterone dose and that has only been with clients like you that know they really get on well with EQ and guess what they have no issues with a chromatic grip if I have a client that has issue a chromatic grip and high lip pressure EQ and DACA is off the table but yeah yeah and I you know I think I intuitively kind of fixed it I mean my my peak dosing was around like 1.25 grams test maybe 1.3 along with 800 EQ and then I would also cycle in debol and I think that would get it between the higher test and the debol I kind of was worried needed to be to make the days I needed but you know that is very very small very very small I didn't get it you know all you know all I didn't want listen to this generally guys I've actually spoke to the past moments if they actually did that that would have looked at the saved them yeah because yeah I've actually had a few guys that got himself in a real-a-pop position with you know really bad way like a streamer low mood soar young you know all the usual signs of extreme low estrogen and really itchis skin as well I'm not sure they get worse than I think like really dry dry elbows dry knees itchis skin it each is scalp as well but mate that is so small because debol would have given you that kick of estrogen pretty straight away right yeah yeah I've even seen the set of one-lost people people need to people need to pay you people need to pay you into patron here getting this info here because this is gonna probably save people cycles you know thank you Kuba we had one guy who commented in the past that he deemed me he said he had used actual exogenous estrogen his cycles because he didn't aromatize and I mentioned that and a couple other people said they've done that too I can't believe that you know what it if it works you need a good amount of estrogen to feel good you really do I think it's a fun balance those go because I've utilized in the past year with how to educate as promo extreme high estrogen it's like no you don't need extreme high estrogen you need just a lot of that estrogen where you feel good not everyone's gonna feel the same having the estrogen really wild yes I feel good well my estrogen say not 200 but scar guess what scar my feel like it's still saying that yeah you might get kind of and it feel like a waltful flow so yeah definitely no so what about so in this topic then what about we're doing oral's playing because obviously oral's are gonna affect our health and a number of fashions what about considering oral's when it comes to labs I'll be honest man I haven't seen oral's really play that much of a havoc on blood work especially when it's used that a low dose for not a long period of time I will I will admit those scar I never use oral's in offseason and general what the the only way out of use oral's in offseason I consider it is the way you've just mentioned with debol trying to save somebody estrogen right so if someone next time somebody comes to me and the the real in a bad way I'll probably suggest doing that to get them back you try it it would be a low dose you wouldn't be a lot you know and general you're pulling it for a couple of weeks and you're a bit sweet but generally offseason I never use oral's because I can't eat and I've noticed that with all clients as well if you cannot eat you're not gonna grow but with all else I think always air in the side caution because with some people that I do notice that LDL does tend to come up quite hard using orals and hdl gets caught in half instantly and let's face it most guys using antibiotics you hdl's already gonna be low right yeah so if you can keep and save orals for special timing prep definitely do so and I'm not sure what you'll take on it is but my favorite and I would argue the safest order is probably probably out of our if you can get me a lot of our yeah I like it it covers a good compound and yeah I like I will admit though I will admit a low dose of anodrol works in kind of the well as well Dave loves anodrol too I would say contest phase if I had one to pick it would be wind stroke wind stroke would be my go to for the last three weeks four weeks of a show something like that you know I've actually consulted a guy he I'm not gonna say his name I would never do that but he's a a fetish strong American bodybuilder is healed as well big boy and he actually the low dose of wind stroke and anodrol together real anodrol just a training days okay is this during a diet phase or during growth yeah yeah that's just that's just anodrol okay got you okay got you know I'll never try that and I would be keen on trying that this year I'm not gonna lie okay I found with anodrol it's the same with super draw for me in a diet phase where it's like the timing like it's it I look fuller you know guy looks better and then he doesn't you know and I mean and it's like a little bit too much sorry yeah yeah yeah fuller of that I've been all of a sort of you look a little bit like mental kind of melted candle the only reason I think he can get away with his because when he adds it in his glutes already inside out so when you are that lean when you are that lean I think a little bit of anodrol it's just gonna give you that extra bit of pop and fullness it's definitely Jay-Cutler's Jay-Cutler's most favorite favorite star anodrol fair few times on podcasts and I'm pretty sure I mentioned take yep and you know you know it's like a lot of the old school guys always say that they used very low anabolic and him and me also was talking in one of the cutler casts and Jay said that he used 200 milligrams of anodrol at one point and listen you can actually find that and if I was if I had enough time at hands I'd put the fire in the podcast but I'm pretty sure that he said he tried that and that would not surprise me how big and bubbly it was in prep the only way you could retain that which for this when you die it's said is we've had our drill let me tell you yeah yeah yeah yeah I'd experimented with anodrol in a few different scenarios including like just on a certain body part day you pre-work out you know that type of thing and I never found like massive benefits but that leading right in you're right like if the guys are already completely peeled I'm trying to think is there anything else that we should consider on this topic before we move down because I know we had some listener questions as well I think we've we've blessed that this throw throw to be honest it's super simple I mean if people in recap they kind of wish we wind it blood work will definitely give you an accurate gauge of your testosterone dose in and fire I do sing so just be mindful of that guys if you are struggling to pinpoint what kind of side effects you're feeling the safest that is always to do blood work would you release it? Oh absolutely there's no question about it I actually do my blood work ever six ever six weeks you around you know what Dave's mentioned that he said that you are extremely vigilant with your labs that's something that you always pay really close attention to. massive shout out to Eva they have been a godsend I actually got my 20 of blood work from Dave the other week so. No kidding yeah 20 of 20 of self-blots. Alright so we do have some listener questions guys leave us questions for the next show and let's see how about I liked this one a lot. Cuba I might be asking too much of you to give away too much coaching advice my question is after certain point it's tough to to progress on the logbook for me being older getting stronger is possible for some exercises but tough. I'm sure at your level it's also tough but more possible with increasing PEDs and Balkan. So do you like so do you let me say it this way? So do you do a meso cycle and start lighter and slowly increasing the weights in reps so forth I guess he's asking how do you how do you continue getting stronger as I got an older person with the topic I got it. I got an amazing question massive massive props to this guy because he clearly is a thinking thinking man's bodybuilder the way our structure this is this. A huge mistake people make going to a training block. Meso cycle by the ice cart is a turn for just a training block so when I structure my training that meso cycle or a training block is going to be my weeks of training after a deal out right you will need to take a deal out every six to 10 weeks some people don't believe in the allowed there are the people that do not train hard enough I'll just say that outright. If you train hard enough you will need a break over time even physically or mentally especially when you are actively trying to progress your lifts you will need a period of a time where you need to scale back back to the point. In this case, do you load his done you've got your first week of training so we can number one of the training cycle, meso cycle whatever the fuck you want to call it the cool kids the nerds call it meso cycle Agustrated I just call it a training block. First two weeks I would always reset my loading and I would always make a point of not even attempting any of the repetitions that are not there so I'm not training with reps in reserve so it speaks got because I never really want to call it reps in reserve. I'm training with a calm and calculated approach where I'm not leaving reps in a tank but I'm also not taking any risk of reps or not taking any extremely hard grinder reps. Yeah okay. Now guess what the first two to three weeks when you enter a training block and you have new movements the first adaptation that happens is neurological adaptation so your body gets better at the skill of the exercise your body gets better actually performing the movements so the progression within those exercises is almost gifted to you it comes super easy so the first two to three weeks you do not need to actually push all that hard to see meaningful progression session however if you go into your first two weeks of training after a break after the deal out when you are detrained people often forget that when you enter a training block meso cycle whatever you want to call it after a period away from training you are detrained you need time to warm up your body and I actually call it warming up the oven before I start cooking that's you're out of your team. It's true you need the first two weeks to set baseline numbers across all of your sessions and then you progressively aim to progress your load and reps. It's going to get to a point where progression is going to much harder to come by because the first adaptation you have is neurological then one shoe adapted and once you are skillful at these exercises that is when the jumps in progression are much slower all the jumps in progression thereafter that is going to be a byproduct of adaptation where you actually grow muscle tissue. This process happens much quicker with some people and it's a process that actually happens much slower in others so you have to be extremely patient with your progressions some weeks guess what you might be training for two or three weeks and you might not see any progression and some weeks you might only be able to add one kilo to the bar or add one repetition to that same load so you have to be mindful of that and you have to really take your time coming up and progressing your little steadily and be calculated with how the progression lifts. My advice is being patient taking small micro-progressions for that train cycle then when you enter your peak that is when you start to really ramp up your intensity and try to push the envelope for the last three to four weeks of the training block before you then de-load. When you de-load you look through your training you look at any exercises that are harder to come by progression any exercises that you feel like have stalled and then you start on your training block and then you start that over and over again and that is always the best way to go in the best way to approach it to be able to maximize that training cycle for you. I've just finished my time, Jen Scott. Good, my internet went out on back. Amazing. Well it's a continuous record inside it's not my time, Jen. Anyway, I've covered the question in detail. Good, excellent. We've got another one then and then I got a question for you too. First of all Bobby says massive. So we saw so many people at the end of the last episode so could you were like, comment massive if you watched the whole thing. Legend, it's a commented massive. That's where Bobby started. Amazing. And he says have either of you experienced depression with running trend. Listen, and this is me real speaking from a place of how a man experience and stupidity. I started anabolic spallium, right? I was listening, I was in my teens when I started, I was 18, 17, 18, right? When I started dabbling. I think you can get a depression from anabolic use in general. I really do and it's something that was spoke about earlier but I can actually speak from my own experience when I was a teenager, I felt like I was depressed very often. And it was a combination of anabolic's, my environment, the way I live my life, my routine and how immature actually it was back then. Yeah, yeah. I think anabolic enhanced all of these feelings. You have to remember if you are inclined to feel a certain way, if you already have a predisposition to be aggressive, what do you think anabolic's will do? They will make you more aggressive. If you have predisposition to potentially have depression, I think anabolic's will enhance that massively. So, if you are a male or female, consider your anabolic's. I urge you to work on yourself and I urge you to really make sure that your mental health is on point because anabolic's will have an impact on your mental health. You will experience a massive high and then a massive low and then there are a lot of the rollercoaster of emotions that you will experience is huge and as a young man, I could not handle that because I wasn't much or enough and I didn't have the right environment that right people around me to guide me and educate me on how to handle my emotions and how to even think straight. I looked the hard way, I looked the hard way and I wouldn't change it because it's maybe the person there on today and it's made me a happy man and effective man, a focus man but it was a harsh experience back in the day. I'll be honest and you know what? You know what kept me going? The look for the sport is like I loved it so fucking much. No matter how shit I felt, I just continued on the path. Yeah, I think you nailed it man. It really does magnify gear, magnifies what's already going on and I had I'd say less favorable experience the first time I used to try and compare to later. Later I feel like I had things more figured out with my life, meaning like everything was better. My balance was better everything and I think that that made a critical difference. It also made a difference in how I chose to do. Now that's not true. I did run trend pretty high at one point and it really wasn't an issue but it really was based off of where I was. I think that that kind of thing can change from even year to year cycle to cycle. If Cuba came to me and you were like hey I just went through a divorce and this is what I've always done and I want to hit it hard and get back at my life by getting jacked. You know trend might have a different literally it might affect you differently now than it did two years ago when everything was like cool and calm you know. Do you know what's changed as of light as well? What's that? Everywhere you look, you everywhere you look, you have negativity. Everywhere you look, you have people, you have people spreading, even anything that's happening in the world that isn't positive or you have news that are extremely negative. Like at least that everywhere you look, YouTube, Instagram, it's all riddled with negativity and I think that's the biggest difference as of light. I think back then nothing really affected us because we didn't have this and all these platforms that are just riddled with people that are just saying it lightly, shitbox you know. Yeah and you know what, too it's easy to get sucked into that stuff right? You know, there's channels, those channels do the best on YouTube if we could they do but yeah it's the same. They do. I know it's not going to serve us and if somebody's this far into this podcast they think they already know that you know what I mean? Yeah absolutely, absolutely and listen you've got to have some integrity you've got to have some on it you've got respect. These channels might do well, yes but they're not respected and people might you look at it as entertainment but nobody's going to take these people seriously. That's true. That's true. Hey I got one more question for you. I haven't talked to you in a minute. How is the diet going? How's your prep going? Absolutely fantastic actually. Two, six, three, this morning. Nice. Okay. Conditions, conditions pretty good. I am definitely getting leaner. You can tell that the face isn't as bad. So it's definitely coming through very, very well. The cycle is moderate, it's not high. We don't have the source is stuffing yet. With only just added collumutral in this week. Okay. So it's all going to get. So I'm going to be fun. I'm aiming to take off a lot of more body weight of the next four weeks, get we've been striking this dance and then it gives me like 12 weeks of around a pound. A pound maybe a little bit less to drop to be stage ready. So my goal is to make sure that now we'll have a high rate of loss then we'll pull back and cruise into the show with a very, small rate of loss. And that's something that I like to do with a lot of my guys and girls, especially doing longer prep. That's all purpose of it along the prep, right? You can get bulk of you worked on initially where you are fresher and you have more body fat. It's much harder to lose muscle when it's actually the easier to lose muscle is when you get leaner. So the whole idea of it is the last 10 to 12 weeks. If you only lose it a pound a week, the likelihood of you losing it a muscle is slim because you are giving yourself times where you can refeed, you can have dealers, you can have diet breaks and times where you actively reset. So that's the plan. I'll be keeping up with the look will be much better this year. I'm going to look less like a swimmer. And that's always a success, right? Progression is always the goal man. I love it man. That's freaking awesome. And what do you have going on on YouTube and everything else right now? Stuff that everybody else should be tuning into over there. I'm cranking out a lot of content actually. I'm doing 3 videos a week at the moment and it's one vlog and then 3 videos. Okay? 3 videos a week. So for me that's a lot. 3 videos a week and then I'm posting shorts like free shorts on a daily basis as well. So if you are looking for training content, educational content, it's all going to be in YouTube. However, no podcast on my YouTube, just a training content and vlogs. Podcasts is here and I train my VIP with Jordan as well. So you don't see me anywhere else apart from mostly here and with Jordan at once someone for as well. Hell yeah. We got to get you over for you all if you're doing. Yeah, I should be free and choose they so I think we'll have a laugh on there. All right cool cool. All right guys if you've made it, if you've made it to this point, what do you think this should come and Scott? It was massive last time. I don't know, Cuba you nailed it with the word. What you got? What you're wondering? What you're wondering? Harder. Harder. Come in hard. If you've made it to this point, you are hard. So you've got to come in hard. So get it. Cool. Cuba. Thank you as always, man. People have been freaking loving this show and I think that they're really connecting to your message and what you're doing. All right, look at all the other, the other, the other, the other, the other, the other, the other, the other, the other, the other, the other, the other, the other. Absolutely. I remember we've got prawns, wild salmon, spinach, peppers, mushroom and pineapple with 10 grams of sweet papy sauce for a flavour. All right guys, we appreciate you tuning in. We'll see you soon. Guys, thank you so much, Thick Cat.