Our Saturday people, it's more of like okay the weeks over, we're just hanging out, we're hanging with Ron Dusty and Scott, and we're just shooting the crap. You know what I mean? That's the Saturday show. Right. That's where the Saturday show. So then that just means that I'm expected to bring my egg game when we record the very next episode. Exactly. I hate to tell ya, but this is my egg game. This is just a little bit faster. We went to the boat house, which is like, you know, the boat. You're dropping 200 bucks there to have like a steak, right? You know, and we went out and had like, flares and I had the fish and chips as an appetizer. And so it was like, real appetizer. Big mashed potato steak. I had the 12 ounce strip loin. She had the six ounce fule, we ate our faces off. And then I came home and ate like a whole bag of her. She's kisses. And then I wake up this morning and I'm like, I lost weight this week. Nice. That's a good place to be. The man you know, you know, it's bad though when I log on, I only see your face. And I'm like, Ron's getting leaner. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. Well, I did eat. I tried to eat up a little before you guys came and I gained like a whopping four pounds. Yeah. You want to be fuller for the fuller. Yeah, just fuller. I had like some cheat meals and tried to. I got to be at least 245 or dusty. He's not going to know who I am. He literally, yeah. He made sure to take his is T RT every seven days for three weeks. Right. Right. He can just take a minute. I might have took two at once like one time. I saw that. I saw that during the back day. You got stronger there. I had two T RTs this week. That's what they call it now. Yeah. He still has that one old bottle of insulin floating around the fridge. So you never know. Yeah, there's like fire bottle as a. You know, five I used left in it. I'm just saving it for a rainy day. So never know moment. Never know. It's funny actually like within the last year, I actually threw a bottle of insulin away and it was the expiration date on it. The expiration date on it was 2016. And it had been in my fridge that long because it was in like the little cheese drawer. You know, oh yeah. And I was like, ah, you know, they're doing okay. And they're not dirty or anything. They're not going to, they don't need to be thrown out. Clean the fridge and just leave that drawer alone. And then I was like, I'm never going to use this. I should probably, oh 2016. Yeah. Definitely get rid of that. Just cause I should get rid of it at my house. I'll see. Yeah. Can you buy your 2016 insulin? I'll go get some. So what are how many, I wonder how many 10 year old I use it takes to equal one I use. That's not expired. Yep. In the bottle. Not for recommended medical use. Right. You know. Okay. So remember, like, share, subscribe, comment, and ring the bell. So I thought, oh, and the mutant thing. Mutant loves us, mutant supports us. Bigron 20 or does this one? It does the 20. Get on the website. I am mutant.com or to your stuff. I also have to thank you people. What do you mean you knew people? Yeah. I thought. I'll pack this in. Here we go. We're just lost for listeners. Yeah. Yeah. I got to make sure my logo is straight here. I have a hard time. I think my head's crooked. Yes. So it's like never straight. Yeah. That's all right. It looks intentionally offset. You know, that's what people kids do. I wouldn't know. I've seen it. I can't go by the video because it's the flip. You know, there we go. It looks. Okay. I'm just kidding. I'm not touching it anymore. I'm done. I'll slide it back a little bit. I've done it. Okay. So you guys watch Super Bowl. I didn't even know it was a Super Bowl until we were out. I'm honest. I didn't know it was a Super Bowl. We were out yesterday in Victoria. I was like, surprise. There's so many people. I figured all the Americans were literally all at home watching the Super Bowl right now. We were out hiking. They weren't hiking. That's for sure. Yeah. What about you, Dusty? Oh, yeah. I watched. But I'm painfully bored by professional football. And compared to the college. So it's got to be watched. But I was watching like the girls enjoyed dinner with us when we go out like this. Right. Right. Right. You're like working on your phone. Kind of watching. Yeah. Yeah. I would just replay of the big play after it happened. I'd hear the noise. You hear the noise. Wow. And that would just look up and watch the replay. I was like, okay. Yeah. So it's actually funny. I realized. Remember when you were up Dusty, I told you I was the busiest I'd ever been. Yes. Remember when I told you that we were sitting in the office and I was like, I'm the busiest I've ever been. I didn't know it was a super boy yesterday. And like, I'm like a few other fans. I didn't watch any football this year. I remember I turned the highlights on a few times on YouTube. I clicked it, you know, plays the week. And I was like, oh, I have no idea who any of these players are or what any of these. Who's on any of these teams. I was just so checked out this year. And then yesterday, I'm talking to one of my business partners at the gym. And he's like, hey, do you want to come over and watch Super Bowl? And I'm like, sure when. And he's like, today. That's beautiful. And I'm like, oh, I can't believe I like. Didn't even. Didn't be crossed my mind. That's how little I pay attention to like society. And so you guys know what, like, Dazan is DAZ and DAZ and whatever that app. They have like an NFL. They have like an NFL package on it. Right. So I signed on because I have an account, but I canceled it. So I just signed on for like, you know, you sign on and then he cancel right away. And you get 30 days. So I just signed on real quick, then cancel it. And then just streamed it to my TV and put the game on. And I'm going to fall on a sleep for an entire hour at some point. But, you know, and then we went for dinner. And they had the game on like in the restaurant. Upside kind of looked up everyone's and a while and saw like, oh, it's like, You know pretty close. But I got to know what to boat house. Oh, that was yesterday. Yeah, it was yesterday. Emily's birthday was yesterday. So you didn't even like, you're you're not really a great friend. I saw no pictures of these stakes. Oh, no. But I put up a happy birthday reel for her, you know what I mean? I saw that. And I liked it. I even commented. commented. I always comment on the friend's birthday. It's all right. I just got it's text. Okay, sorry I met eight already. I'm sorry. I blew it's three, but I didn't want to say that. That was counting. That was counting. It was like, okay, there's five minutes editing. There's ten, there's 15. Okay, we're up to 30 minutes. I extra editing. You have to admit, Scott, you were impressed by my lack of F-bomb since it's been tossed. I'm solid. You're pretty good. You're pretty good. You just flipped a switch, Dusty is what you did. You just flipped a switch. I think I don't know. I don't even know you. It's like I didn't even know you swore at this point. Yeah. I've been, I've, I have, I have, I have, I have, I have struggled. What, what, what, it's hard, it's hard to teach an old doctor. I'm afraid. I'm from an era where you just say that all the time. You're used to smoke in the grocery store, too. Yeah, we're smoking on airplanes back in my day. You know, that's a funny thing you just said, I actually had a conversation about that health. They're used to be smoking sections. I was telling the girls that they're like, what? I'm like, yeah, I'm wearing the restaurant. You know, I'm like, but you're in the same restaurant. I'm like, I don't matter. You'd be like, you're in a section. We're smoking hotel rooms, remember? It's not smoking room. You'd be like at a store and you'd be like, hey, babe, what do you think about this shirt? That's real. We walk into the mall, just smoke, hanging out here, my mouth has a govody. You know, remember like there's old, go back like one, one like generation further and the doctors were smoking in the hospital. Right. Right. While they're talking about that. Yep. It's definitely cancer. Yeah. Yeah. We're going to have to operate like a mechanic. Okay. Like an old mechanic. We're going to have to cut that open. You're not going to be smoking while you're cutting the open. Are you? You know, yeah. Yeah. It's just an hot, so you should be fine. Yeah. No. Come in. Love a look at this. You're going to be a scalpel in an astray. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You're right. You put on Zane. It's fine. I only need one tray. Yeah. Unbelievable. I'm doing it. Good time. So, and that's why the kids were harder back then. So yeah, you while smoking. I got to ask who will first of all, who was in the Super Bowl? I literally don't even know. And who won? It was a chiefs versus the Eagles and the chiefs won again. Okay. Was this expected? Did people want this? Was this the general consensus or what was it? It was like a coin flip this year, honestly. And I wanted the Eagles to win just because I think behind this so good that I can never bet against him. So I was like, I'd like to see if he could actually not win a game. But I think the only they had sucks got since you don't know is it was a flawless game. And in the very last couple minutes, they had a very questionable passing of parents call that like, Koss Eagles, not your leading. And they could and the chiefs would have scored either a field goal. They were in field goal range or could have easily still gotten a touchdown. But it ended up being a first down situation now. And there were only two minutes. They basically ran the clock down while knowing that they would kick a field goal unless like to even idea the Eagles actually had a play where they could have gotten a touchdown. Like I stopped short knowing they wanted the clock. Oh, because it was tied. So he literally just went down himself on the one yard line. So then they just play, you know, they let the 30s some odd seconds or whatever each time run down the clock just works his way down. You're like, it was already a great game. It would have been phenomenal to just see it play out. I think they still would have won. But there would have been a chance to go the other direction. It would have been a little more exciting. Even the announcers were like, yeah, it's questionable. And it wasn't a bad call. It's like, you know, this from from all the years of playing around like there's certain time where you just unless it's just ass and iron, you kind of let stuff go. It's like, yeah, you know how it would like, you know, when when rafts like when you got like a game seven and hockey and the rafts are just back and off a little. They're like, just like this one. Let these guys, you want the players to decide the game. Yeah. Yeah, it's get a little rough and, you know, well, yeah, you know what I mean? You don't want to like, specify the, you know, the last period of game seven if it's tied or something like that. And yeah, I saw that. I saw people talking about that. He did grab his jersey. Like, yeah, like a light little tug on those. Yeah, for sure, but in X. C. That's, that it didn't seem to do anything to him. Like, he didn't break strider between that and the ball wasn't catchable. Yeah, like, how do you not done that? He wasn't getting to that ball. So it didn't matter. But I will tell you a few fans. If I was a chief fan, that was absolutely pass in our parents. I don't even know where you're going to be. So I ain't hating, but it, but it, I would have been okay. I would have preferred it if they didn't call it and the chief's still one. Because then it's like, you know, there was no question of involvement there. But there was a big thing going into the game Scott that people were thinking that the NFL was rigged. Oh, no kidding. And I'm like, come on. I'm sorry. That's the most ridiculous thing. I understand that in sports, there's been betting where team like player individual players have made maneuvers to have their podcast by, by say, winning by with, you know, below where they were supposed to win so they could make some money. So right. Yeah. But like, you watched the game and you're like, how would you do that? What was part of the plan for our guy to miss a 42 yard field? Well, by hitting the post, was that his plan to play? Because he's that good. Yeah. And there's too many players. There's too many people involved. Like anything can happen. Like there's too many variables. There's this, you know, you got 22 people on the field playing football every single play. Like who, how can you, you know, it has to be quite the conspiracy. It's not like like boxing, right? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. What would be the advantage to though? Like you're, it's like, you got a guy's that have dreamed of this moment. They're entire life. Like everyone, I think like that's the only thing I like about the Super Bowl is it's the one time all those players forget their millionaires and just want to win. You know, that's why college football is that way. It's because yeah, because they're literally playing to win. It's, it's a different thing. So, um, but yeah, it was, it was fun to watch the replays during my, I was working a lot last time. I used it as a great night to like work. I caught up on all the nice stuff like this morning. I was able to relax a little just because I worked so late last night because I was away because I can. I'll get into tomorrow's work now. Yeah. Thank you Eagles and Chiefs for doing that because if Georgia was playing, I would have not worked. Is it, isn't college football on Saturdays? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well, now and now they have games during the week two in the States. I was going to tell you this, Ron, if you saw, but they're apparently starting another league in April that sounds like it's going to be kind of like Canadian football. Oh, I don't, I don't know what it is, but it's just proof that Americans need football to survive. It's Oxford. Right. You have to like start an offseason football league. Yeah. They're like, we can't just stop. These people will die. They will die. I did, I did hear an interesting thing. They, I don't know if you saw this, Ron, and maybe you can, you will know this because it's you. Was football started in Canada? Yeah. It was actually invented by Canadian. Yeah. So, see, I saw that on a thing and I was like, no pause. He just went right into it. What? What was his name? And what year was it? And what? Yeah. He was my mom like to make Well, I don't know. I don't know about a Canadian. Yeah. But a Canadian also invented basketball. That was also invented Canada as well. Yeah. So Americans, this is what we do. We steal other people's and then we make it our own. Turn it into a business. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well, it's not. You guys did this. We're going to go take a, and make millions of dollars and then steal your best players to come here. And do you remember, do you remember the interesting fact that told you about Canada, but what our national sport actually is? This is an interesting, Ron. Scott. Drop it. What drop it? Yeah. I mean, what would you think? What do most people talk about? Yeah. I would think hockey. Yeah. It's not. It's lacrosse. That's lame. I mean, that the lacrosse isn't necessarily lame. But we're going to get it. You're going to get a stick to the face for that one, Scott. That's not right. That's not Canadian. That's not. I mean, I guess, you know, but not like hockey. I think a hockey. I think of pancakes, the people syrup. You know, I think of those things when I think of those are like the first two things that come to mind. Right. So Ron, obviously Canadian hockey is the best hockey in the world. I don't care what anybody says is Canadian lacrosse, the best lacrosse still. Are they the best players in the world? You know, I'm not sure. I know like American lacrosse. Yeah. Well, he doesn't know. He doesn't know. If you want, if you like the best place to go to play lacrosse, I think is still a lot of the American universities. Right. Some of those schools have like, you know, the big budget lacrosse programs. Because I know some Canadian players that like, go, yeah, I want to get into whatever Penn State play on the other cross team or whatever. Like, it's like, you know, that's where all the money is with, you know, nice league, big leagues and, you know, you get notice, but I know there's no money in like the pro level. So, you know, that's one of those things. But there's also box lacrosse and field lacrosse. And there are two different games. Like field lacrosse is a huge field. Lots of big long passes, you know what I mean? And then box lacrosse is played in like a hockey rank. And guys get checked into the boards and fucking there's another one. It's got freaking slammed and it's like real tight. You know, so there's a lot more contact in it. Yeah. So there are two different games. And I know a lot of guys play one in college and then they come back and play the other one in the off season on like a league, you know, like, it's, it's like, you know, that sort of stuff. But it's a rough game. All I know is out the cross ball that we used to roll on our laps and our traps. If you want to know, oh my god. Oh yeah. I knew a guy that was a goalie and he'd be covered in like big wealth, you know what I mean? So, yeah, things, but I think would be, I feel like more brutal. Like, I mean, boxer obviously frozen and very, very hard, but majority of your body is covered. So overall you're doing okay. There's a few spots to your body. You definitely don't want to get. But did I never tell you about my buddy that had that had the rupture to kill his tendon from a slap shot through his skate? Oh yeah, I do see that happening. That's good. Your whole skate is useless when it comes to pocket hitting it. Yeah, he got, he took a slap shot in the back of his heel and it actually just punched his Achilles tendon right off the bone. Didn't go through this aid or anything, but just the pressure. Yeah. Yeah. Just like when I said my buddy's toga popped right off through his shoe, remember? I was thinking about that. But it was just one of those, like he got hit and then all of a sudden he couldn't get up. Yeah. What's wrong with my foot? And he took a skate off as Achilles tendon was completely detached. Yeah, there's there's situations with bulletproof vests where it may not penetrate, but the deformation at the back of it just presses so hard that you still get all torn up and ruptured organs and all of that. Yeah, pop your pack off or something like that. Yeah, can we point out that he's a hockey player because his Achilles tendon ruptured and he's like, which one would we move food? I literally, I was just watching because I follow all these hockey IG channels and there was one that I wish I could remember the athlete someone watching will know, but he comes up and she goes, man, he just messed up with my teeth and he's talking to the trainer goes, well, any more really, really loose, do you guys go, just hands one back to him? Oh, just pulls it out. Does he even, does he look over shoulder hands it back? The guy takes his tooth right back to business? Yeah, yeah, that's the actual I love those things and didn't know. I love those classic hockey moments where like one of the guys that goes to the dressing room and then he's back like 10 minutes later with stitches all across his lip and he's just like, ready to go. I have that, well, I'm in here. I wish if I didn't have my beard, it's a permanent scar now, but I took a stick underneath and back in the day, this is really unbelievable for it. If you had the right trainer, let's stitch it for you. You just go back and they stitch it real quick. They did a good job. They'll deal with it later. They just put it where we're there. And then you just go back in and then after the game or whatever when you get home, you'll have it stitched up by a dock dock. What do you mean you got a stick on what it like, what happened? Was it like, you know, a guy tried to like lift up a stick or something and he messed. So his stick came up and hit me in the chin and the problem is is it's like the caught like a boxer's cut because it doesn't cut even. It explodes. So your cut isn't even. So then when you end up with a dock, what they'll do is actually re-cut it and then you just give you a straight stitch. So it looks cool. It's not a bit nothing is worse than getting a stitch without anything. That hurts like a mother. Yeah. You can feel the string pull through. You're like, okay, I'm not tough since I thought I was. Yeah. Oh, God. What I mean was seven. I'm kidding. I'm kidding. I'm watching. You know, I told you guys I've been watching Lettercanny and yes, there's some there's some violence on the ice there. Oh yeah, I'll sharpen. Yeah, and I'll see a guy surezy is named people about your show. They'll know sure. He'll he'll take a stick and he'll just crack someone right in the side of the leg with it. Would nobody's looking. Does that really happen in hockey? Yeah. Well, especially like, you know, the more old time you go, the more that you get. Okay. But the but ending, that's where Scott, like the end of your stick because doesn't have the blade on, that's up on your top hand. Yeah. You'll come next to somebody and just slide it out like a pool stick and fucking hold on the side of it. Oh, yeah. Just come right up under the pads, try to get right up under the pads into that bottom rib there. And I can miss shot for them. So how's it going? I know there's people that that are known as fighters. Like when I was a kid here in Detroit, Bob Probert on the wings was known as like a rough god. And there was like so many stories about him, like local news stories that Bob Probert was involved in that probably didn't make it national. You know what I mean at the time? Yeah. Just all sorts of different things like he was at a bar and this happened kind of stuff. Lots of that back then in the 80s. So I know that, you know, you'd get a guy like that, but does everybody have that is everybody fighting or do you just have like those certain guys? No, every time. Back in those days, every team had a character like that. There was a forester. That's his job. Yeah, his job was like, you know, if you go, if you go give Mario the mu, the fucking, sorry, and there's another one. That it, that it, you know, give him a little rough dirty shot in the corner. The next shift, that guy's on the ice and he's hunting for you and the raps not looking. Okay. He'll whist for something in your ear as he hit you too. Like, yeah, don't touch let me you. Yeah. I'll blow ready. So I'm not touchables. I wish it would go back to that. It was not touch. Let me you. It was a better time. There's some great videos like I follow a few pages where they throw the old ones up. But it would be so great because it's like, like, and it would be like Ron and I like two friends and like, you know, you're just in the middle of gaming, Ron, just look over and go, he want to go. He's like a face off and I'm like, yeah, it's fine. Yeah, there's a puck drop, you just step back and drop the glass. What you do, they'll fight and that's the best thing about the old days as you would fight and then if it's a good fight and you would beat the piss out of each other, you get down on the raps coming, you go, hey, nice job, Ben. And you're just to get off. No kid. Yeah, if you're your team up, you know, if you win a fight, your team's fire it up. Do these still let guys, do they let you fight like that nowadays or is that all cut out or that we're more this year than it has? It's okay. It's starting to, I mean, it's not like it used to be, but it's good to see there's a couple players now that have good or back to making it part of their resume. So it's good to see. That's so funny. You don't see that. Like imagine you guys watch the Super Bowl, you know, they're imagine like the Super Bowl. Yeah, yeah, over at the 40, you know, and hockey fights, hockey fights are sorta like there's something about being on skates. Yeah, that makes them, that make them less dangerous. Like you can still see guys get knocked out, but you gotta remember like, you know, what happens when you shoot a cannon in a robot? Yeah, you know, half the power it was out the back. So you see guys on skates and you see their bodies like moving like this because every time they punch, there's like a loss of power. Yeah. So even though they're big tough guys, you know, like no one's ever gotten like their head smashed in and died, right? It's not like two guys fighting on the street. It's like, do you fall down? Someone's got a bloody lip. Refs the whole year apart. You know, it's being a big hit. I got knocked out. We just changed the guy that like hits his head on the ice after the last one. Yeah, that's like, yeah, that's why we're good. They've made a rule now that you, so guys start to take on their helmets off. Which is what we used to do when you're in the juniors because I was under age. So if you were under 18, you had to wear a mask and the other guys didn't. So if you're ready to fight, you would step back and take your helmet off and then you would fight. And now they, even in the pros, you, if you take your helmet off, there's an extra penalty for that. Oh no, because because they're being mindful of what if you fall back and hit your head. I mean, there's been some crazy stuff. I mean, this year, not from a fight, but the sky of Andrew King got his wrist stepped on. Ooh, right across it. And literally immediate hospital, like, could have died. I mean, it was like a brutal freak-in, since I've never seen in my entire life. With the blade, with the blade. Yeah, I got to escape. I mean, just perfect placement. Step right on, sliced it right across the fructo veins. And he's back planning. But, you know, he came back at the next day. I'm kidding. No, he actually hit his surgeries. It was actually a big thing. But it was scary because like, he went down and he immediately seemed grab as a resting or straight to the bench. Like he knew. Yeah. Yeah. Like straight to the bench, straight to the hospital. You know, please don't die situation. There was a player back in the 80s named Clint Milarchachuk. He was a goalie for the Buffalo Savers. And he actually grew up right next to me, like just a few farms over. So I knew where the Milarchachuk's were from. And I knew that he made the NHL. And he was like, a little bit like, you know, six, seven years older than me. And he was the guy's, there's famous footage of him on YouTube. If you look up Clint Milarchuk, he did resisted an crash into the net. And all of a sudden, this big pool of blood just like, and he's a famous throat. And a skate blade just slashed his throat. Oh, crap. And that was one of the things that triggered like a whole bunch of gollies to start wearing that plastic thing that kind of hangs down on the two rows. Yeah. Yeah. So like a plastic shield and it just loose. But it just kind of like hangs around there and it moves with them. And so he had his throat slit. Yeah. And I mean, I was a close call. I mean, he was surrounded by medical staff immediately. But I mean, you know, that would happen on a pond somewhere, playing hockey with his friends. He would have been dead. Yeah. And so that was like a big deal because he was from my hometown. And I was like, Oh, it's huge. He almost died. Like, you know, yeah. So yeah, get rough. A lot of people don't know to a skate actually has two blades. Yep. That just people think it comes to like a blade like a knife. But it does it. Yeah. It actually comes straight down. And then it's concave on the bottom. It's carved out. Oh, yeah. Yeah. So there's actually two blades really, really close together. So you can be on your inside edge or your outside edge, right? So there's always like an edge. It's really digging. And when you're gliding straight, you're actually gliding on two edges. You know, so they're super sharp. So when you get your skate sharpened, it actually goes down the middle and it like carve out the, you know what I mean? Huh? Yeah. It's kind of neat. There need if you look at them up close. Fun fact that I have no idea how we got here. This is a little factor. I've been What's a show called? What's it just hockey? It's just violence. It's just violence. We're 30 minutes. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. This'll make for it. This'll make a good Saturday release. We use this as our Saturday show. This is why we don't see the number at the beginning anymore. For those loser viewers, we have that have nothing else to watch. Oh, this is I think our Saturday pro away. Our Saturday people, there it's more of like, okay, the weeks over. We're just hanging out. We're hanging with Ron Dusty and Scott. And we're just shooting the crap. You know what I mean? That's the Saturday show. Right. Oh, so we're doing the Saturday show. No, then that this means that I'm expected to bring my aid game when we record the very next episode. Exactly. I hate to tell ya. But this is my aid game. This is a little fast. This is a stuff I had prepared. Oh, man. Okay. Okay. Okay. What's on the agenda? We're a few weeks out from the Arnold boys. Yes. Yeah. What's going on? We're seeing some videos. We've seen video of Samsung. We've seen some video of Rami. What is going on? What do you think is going to happen at the Arnold's? Most importantly. The change in. Most importantly, I think that anybody who's going to I made a note. I was like mentioned the Arnold classic because we're going to do the live podcast. We just wanted to tell people that that if they come show aside, I want to hang out with everybody. So if you're coming to the Arnold come out to the mutant booth and maybe you'll catch us to a live show. We haven't discussed what day. We're going to do that yet or how that's going to work out. But all the days, all the days, just a three day podcast. Yes. Yeah. All the days. I don't even know what. And this is I just say it. Are you guys helping anybody for the Arnold amateur or anything like that? You guys have anybody doing that show? I'm not but. I'm going to send this to you Scott because I think this is very worthy of going up here. So a friend of mine who used to do a lot of tissue work for me is doing it will be his second show. Okay. Because his first show is coming up next weekend and tell me that this is not a very solid. Oh, nice classic competitor. Tommy, Michael training partner is actually training him. Tommy's working with him. Nice. Oh, he's a good shape too. Yeah. You're the shape of a lifestyle. And Ryan Simpson's his name and I cannot wait to see him compete with the Arnold. Yeah. Bongers. Look at the glutes from the back. I mean, just yeah, he's looking tight. He's looking tight. Man, crazy up top through the last shoulders in chest. Like kind of freaky and you know what I mean? That's interesting. Yeah. He's got to I mean, got a cool. I did not look like that for my first show. Yeah. Right out that I did not look inside out for my first contest. Yeah. So very excited to see Ryan at the stage at the Arnold. And I think he's going to shake things off, which is fun. And I'm sending you a quick video. You know, obviously, you don't have to play a whole thing. But I want to give a shout out to Guy, I'm helping my buddy Alex, Mujuto, Alexander, Mujuto from Germany, but he lives in Canada now. Nice. And I've helped him for a few shows before, but he's going to go down and hop on stage. You know, he's, you got the video? Did you get it? Yeah. Then come through. Yeah. When he comes through all all throw it up. Yeah. It was a little big, but just throw that up there when you. Oh, yeah. It's still singing. Still singing. Still singing. Hey, I'll tell you about. So I want to my longer term clients. Homsa is going to jump in the Arnold amateur. And here's the thing. So he, he decided to do this last minute. And he's got a whole bunch of stuff lined up this year, including Ramadan starts literally like right after the Arnold. And then after that, he's got a wedding to prepare for. He's getting married. So it's like, if he's going to do anything, this is it. And he was like, hey, I think I can do this man. And I was like, dude, I don't know man. We've been working for a long time in this off season. Do we really want to, the video came through. So I'll turn that up this like, do we really want to, you know, do we really want to do a rush prep for this? But he's coming together. Here's a picture. I, if I was prepared, I'd show you guys pictures from like six weeks ago. But like he's, he's bringing it down fast. So oh yeah, you know, he's not going to be like his absolute most peeled, but he's going to be a good shape man is quite a large like man. He'll be respectable, you know, he'll be respectable there. Right. And then I think he just wants to mainly have fun too. He's a guy, he loves the sport. And you know, he just wanted to compete this season. So we're like, yeah, we'll make it work. So he's 100 you guys do for this show. We started like maybe six weeks ago, something like that. I'll really fat to begin with is what you're telling me. He's really fat. And honestly, man, he's lost a lot. Like he, I'll see if I can poke, I got the video here. I'll throw a bronze guy up here. But I'll see if I can find one of the pictures from like six weeks ago. Oh, yeah, he was good man. So he's about 22 here. So he'll be, you know, it'll be a very top of the heavyweight. But, you know, nice shape real very nice. Bellies. Yeah. You know, and he's a real good one. He trains real hard, trains real basic, you know, not a ton of sets. He goes, you know, really, really hard with with very respectable weights. Yeah. No. So the glutes are, glutes are in pretty good. You know, he's got a couple pounds to lose. But I mean, it's all, yeah, it's all there. You know, he's he's pretty tight shots here. Here we go. Yeah. You know, everything's pretty tight. It's really solid. Yeah. So, you know, I'm looking forward to seeing him up there. How tall is he? I'd be like five nine, 10, I guess. Okay. Okay. Yeah. He looks good. Yeah. Yeah. So, you know, we're pretty happy. You know, I think it's going to be his best look ever. And he trains real hard, you know, you'll complicate it to get quads like that. Real complicated routine. He'll do squats. And Smith squats and leg press and extensions, like really revolutionary exercises. Yeah. Yeah. You're probably doing like that craziness where you do like 12 reps. It's wild. Yeah. Yeah. You know. So, he's got a nice, they really, you know that, that just nice clean flow everything just doesn't exist. There's nothing that looks in the way. You know, like, oh, what's that? Just yeah. So, I'm looking forward to seeing him on stage. So, the only problem is he's on Thursday, right? You know? So, like, I'm going to try and go a day early so I can get down there. I wasn't sure like exactly what the schedule is going to be like. But we'll figure it out either way. Doesn't matter if I'm there or not he'll be on. So, here's Hamza like six weeks ago, six weeks, it should go. It looks like that. You know, so yeah. So he's got a nice easy six weeks. Just enjoying. Oh, dude. He's been grinding. He's like, well, I'm able to still sleep. Here's a different shot of him currently. He's like, I'm able to still sleep. Okay. It's not that terrible. So, he's he's coming together. But yeah, it's yeah. I would love to give him more time. You know what I mean? I'd love to see him take it for another month. But, you know, life comes up. He's got Ramadan. And, you know what? And here's the thing, too. Every, I think everybody who participates in Ramadan has their own level of what they want to do. And for him, he's like, man, I don't want to cheat it. I'm like, if I'm going to fast, then I'm going to really fast. He's like, I'm not going to try to, because I work with guys who are like, I'll stamp all night and I'll eat all my meals. And you know what I mean? That kind of thing. Yeah. Right. Right. A lot of few of us do like three monster meals. Yeah. It's within their time that they're allowed from them to understand. Yeah. But it's like, I'm like, well, I need you. I need you to rest also. And like, okay, we could fit three in then. Yeah. Yeah. I have so much respect because the amount of food that these guys when they're just one will put in in three meals separated by like, you know, 95 minutes. Yeah. It's like, yeah, I kid. I helped a guy with who had Ramadan to work around as well. And he would have a massive meal. After dark. Yep. Then we go to bed. Then we get up in the middle of the night. And he would drink a really high calorie shake. Oh, yeah. It was like easily a thousand calories in a shed. And then you go back to bed. And then he'd get up early before the sun came up and he'd have like a good breakfast. Yeah. And then, you know, and then you go along day, headdy, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And okay. I worked with a guy who who got switched to midnight. And he was like, I'll just keep doing my normal thing. You know, it wasn't a problem. It wasn't a problem at all. I'm just sleep when I'm fasting isn't that what we all do. Yeah. Yeah. That's awesome. I think it's good though that people see that because it's shocking to me. How often people find like the smallest hurdle. And they're like, I guess I can't do this. No, no, yeah. What? You know, it's like they broke a nail. And now they can't do cardio today. Yeah. Yeah. It's it's definitely an interesting thing. Because then you have guys in the other inspection like that. And I mean, giving up sleep to make sure that they can keep progressing. There's really there's always a way if you're dead ass serious about making it happen. And without, you know, breaking what matters to them most. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It is a good example. It's like, oh, you work a lot. Okay. Try not eating at all for the whole day. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. That's a shocking thing. Okay. So we never actually made any armor predictions. Oh, yeah. That's right. I still have one. Yeah. I I I I cannot bet against Nick Walker. Yeah. I saw a video of him doing extensions yesterday. And I was like, oh, you're like, Scott, picker even better. Right. And deeper. And you're better. Yeah. I just I think he is He's the one and people and in what I love to is everyone wants him to win. They want want him to not win for like three or four more wins and then they'll hate him for no reason. Right. What? Yeah. His his legions won't turn on him until he wins in Olympia. Yeah. Once he gets a second Olympia. Yeah. That's how they hate him. Yeah. I was wins. Yeah. But I think I think that he is the the obvious choice and he doesn't mess. He won't mess. So there's that I want Samson to be in second. Yeah. But I think you can't. Good. It's possible. Yeah. I would love it if he cemented his place there and seeing some of the old pictures of Rami back in the day and seeing him now. He's a guy whose best days are behind him. I don't really care what anyone says. He can bring it and whatever. But he's he will not be as good as he used to be. And I think for for me what bodybuilding is about is progression. These guys are coming up. So I don't you know like the guy I great to but I don't want to see his less than best days be enough to win and I don't think they are. Right. Right. I don't care where he places. But I want to see a team just come in shredded. You know what I mean? Yeah. Yeah. That would be cool. That would be really cool to see. I'd like to see. Yeah. What? What is best placing ever at an Arnold is? I wonder. We could stop when I once got in a tights. It would be great to see him like you know, set a new standard for himself at this point after you know there's many shows coming in like really rocket and blast into the top three would be crazy you know. I'll have to do some research on that. But I show I'll dig into that. I'll we're you guys at that in a moment. I have to do some things and stuff. I don't think it seems done that many Arnold's. I don't know. I mean I guess I felt like for a while he was doing all the shows. So I loved about a game. He was like always competing. Right. I don't think the fans realize how freakish he is. No, I guess. Yeah. When you see him in front of you and it's just meat hanging off of a bird structure like his bones and his waist and I mean they're so small and it's just slabs of beef like at the freaking grocery store just hanging off of him everywhere. He has an extremely cartoonish relaxed look. No. Yeah like standing like as in literally relaxed standing there. I remember I could pee with him a couple of times and I always used to laugh because like I got a you third or fifth one year when he and Michael Lockett were one in two and I was like, ah, that's token blocky like that. That's me. Lovely. Just having you made it in the mix of these flakes. Yeah. Yeah. I'm going to guide Justin Rodriguez to in a show like this. You know, considering that he if he brings it, I mean he's proven to be a dangerous competitor at times where where where's the best let me ask you this guys where's the best he can place in a show like this if he was like completely on. Well he was taught five last year. Wasn't he was he fifth before something like that. I mean because he was on stage. I remember that. He's always when I made. Yes. Justin's in the mix needs to stop competing. Like he's like a bikini girl. He does every single show and he hasn't had a big jump in improvement. It's like he's always been that guy. I feel like if someone would grab him and say, don't compete for eight months. He would suddenly be someone that's all and everyone's radar because he could walk out drastically better. As is, the best he could possibly do is squeak into the top five in my opinion. And I don't see that happening based on the fact that he's always competing and he's and he also has a new coach every other day. So that's how I hate it. I think the guy's phenomenal. But if I here's my thing, Justin, if you ever hear this, the only reason that Derek Lunsford took second of the Olympia is he listened to me after the Olympia last year. It was no one else. It's not that he had a brain or everyone else already knew this. He just listened to Dosty on his just body. Yeah. Yeah. He blew up and he is now the second best body to learn the planet. So if you do the same, you could do the same. You walk. So I have to go ahead Scott. Okay, I was going to say this. I'm looking at a team's placing. Now, first of all, I do want to mention, he's been around for a long time considering that he won. Probably 20 here. Yeah, super heavy weights at North Americans. He took first and then he took the overall as well. And then after that though, like looking at where he's done really well, if we go to 2019, Arnold Classic, he got ninth. But then Indie Pro, second. And then after that, he got third at the Arnold South America, then Big Man Pro out in Europe. He got second. And then New York Pro, he got second. Then he dropped down to ninth in the Olympia. Then from there, his best Arnold Classic in the US was a top five. He got fifth place there. Okay. We were up last year or the year before. That was 21. Yeah. Oh, okay. Yeah. So very recent. Okay. Well, I have to admit that I'm increasingly excited to see Andrew Jacked because of the coaching changes. And I just feel like, you know, I don't know a lot about Chris cycle Lewis. I just know he trained Rodin the Uri One. And I know he does a lot of volume and he just hammers guys and, you know, they're busy. They're busy in the gym. He's, you know, I know he likes to do some unique looking exercises that involve a lot of extra pads and altered machines. And he does a little bit of the Charles glass thing. But I know he trains people very intensely. And then with a pseudo, obviously, you know, I think when you have a pseudo as a coach, you're removing a whole bunch of horseshit that doesn't need to be discussed or put into your head or you know what I mean? Like just all the nonsense that you can just imagine gets pumped into a guy like that from, you know, a lot of other people. And when you work with a pseudo, you don't get any of that stuff pumped into your head. So I'm really excited to see what happens. Who we get to see this combination again, you know, someone pushing him really hard in the gym and not, you know, not holding back at all and then a pseudo looking at the pictures. And I think that who knows, like I'm just excited to see what happens. Because it's not like Andrew Jack is like been competing for 15 years and there's not much you can do with them. Like he might be, I mean, how old is he? He's like 37. No, I think he's older. I think he's in his 40s. He's 40s, something? Yeah, but he's just young on stage or doesn't matter. Yeah, but his body building age is body building age is five. So I talked to Chris yesterday and I can't be specific because I don't know what should be, but they are working him very, very hard. So I expect to see him come and ridiculously. I mean, you know how Chris is. We will worry about how you feel after you win. You know what I mean? Yeah. So yeah, it's exciting. We chat for a bit yesterday and we know how Chris is. You just tell the grind in him and it sounds like he's more than up for the challenge. So it'll be exciting to see. He will definitely bring something much better than we've seen before. 30 asked by the way. There we go. I asked Chris. I asked Chris and said, what do you think the most important thing? Like what do you focusing on with Andrew? And he was, I just keep telling him he has no idea how good he should be. That's it. I'm like, he's not even like, I really worried about the food. You know, you have no idea how good you should be. No idea. And so I thought about that and I'm like, that's just totally Chris. Like, just keep pumping his brain full of that. Like, I'm not impressed yet. You know what I mean? Like, just that sort of thing. And I mean, you know, I don't know what his other coaches were telling him, but I get the impression his other coaches were telling him, oh my god, it's your amazing. You know, and I know that that's not Chris, you know, he'll he'll tell you you're pretty. If you're pretty, you know, you know, this is a great look. This is a great look, Brando. Yeah, you know, if you're pretty he'll tell you, but at the same time, it's not it's not going to come in. He's not going to flood you with compliments. It's, you know, he'll let you know, but then it's back to like you could be better than this a lot better than this. And I think that's helpful, you know, I, I'm not a fan of that, like just constantly, you know, there are people out there they want you. And I guess everybody's different, right? Like every, every, and maybe that's why different athletes will fit better with different coaches. But I'm not a fan of that. Like, oh man, come on, champ. You know what I mean? You're the best, you know, all that stuff. Yeah. Yeah. And you know what? One of my favorite things about Chris is, and I think it's one of the, I don't know, just because of my personality, it, I appreciate it, right? But just everyone's in a while when you'd have like you'd run into an issue or, you know, a day where, you know, you're something came up. You're looking at your pictures and not, what's going on with the weight? You know, like, that's the thing. Chris had this way of just like dropping a J story. You know, just dropping a story like, I remember when J was getting ready for the O3 night of champions and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, and I said this and he did this. And then, you know, a couple of days later, we were past this issue. Yeah. And just his, his, him telling you these stories and just kind of centering you that, oh, this is stuff that everyone deals with. This is like stuff that he's seen a million times, you know, there's no panic or anything. So I don't know, that, that jelled well with me and, you know, maybe maybe Andrew's responding to his style really well. So we'll see what happens. Yeah. You know, with a guy like Andrew with a genetics like that, the lasting he needs is a coach that's going to be telling, oh, you got to switch to like organic potatoes. Yeah. Yeah. You know, like 27 times. Trust me. Yeah. Yeah. Like, what do you imagine what a colossal waste of his time that is to get that type of coach, you know, he needs someone who's going to get in here and like drive that, you know. So I don't know, that's my opinion. I don't think people realize how relaxed he would get sometimes like my last couple props. Chris would say 30 minutes of cardio. But we need to know what to do. And so I would do what I was doing and then he would up the cardio. Yeah. It wasn't like, step mill, like I tell clients, honestly, I'll tell him like step mill, 72 steps per minute. You know, I want to make sure I know what they're doing. Yeah. He was like, do 30 minutes of cardio seven days a week. All right. Let's bump that to 40. All right. Let's take it out today. You know what I mean? Like, I didn't know if he would necessarily know ever what I did. He would just know what was working. Yeah. Same thing with gear. You know, there'd be the times that I know Ron's experience says you'd be going along. And you're like, so do you want to put anything else in? You're like four weeks at his like, what are you taking? I'm like, uh, test and master on. He's like, now we're good. Like, okay. Yeah. You know, because you're just kind of like close and then you're like, I'm taking two things and he's like, you're looking good. Maybe that's why he looks so good. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Right. And other times you're taking five things. There was no, you know, there was definitely he did tell me one point. And I actually adopted this for my competitive clients. He's because he would keep a file on us like old school like paper. He'll send you pictures sometimes. And he was, yeah, after you compete, I throw that away. Yeah. I've heard you've heard that before. Which makes sense. I want to, he's like, I don't want to ever be tempted to go back and look at what worked before because it doesn't matter. Yeah. Yeah. It's funny because I keep those files too, not on paper, but on the computer. But I never reference them. Like, I want to have them. And I do like to look at the pictures sometimes because I'm like, yeah, I wonder what he looked like, you know, a month out from the last time he competed. Then I'll go back and look and compare. But I never really look at, I have all these diets from years and years. And it's like I never, I never used him for anything. You know, I remember Chris told me he had somebody compete and they want to show. And I don't remember what show it was or who it was. It might have been an amateur show. I don't know. But I go, uh, I said, oh, so what now? And he sent me a video of him taking like a do attend like, like, and just dropping it in a garbage can. Oh, what? Like, you know, we have like all of guys notes and like a binder like a file. Yeah. And I go, what's next? Because that next show next. That's crazy. That's why. Yeah. But I imagine it's to the point where I mean, how many diets can it keep? Yeah. You have to have like a whole garage. You need a room. Yeah. Yeah, you need just, you know, you'd be like, like, you know, like that, like one of those government file rooms. It's been there. Crowd hanger. They're like, you know, actually worked in there to go get the file for you. Can I? Yeah. I would think of those old way matters. Yeah. Oh, wait. You know, 1997 USA's and he disguised file. So evidence room, actually. Yeah. You have an instrument. Like, yeah, like that last scene of Raiders of the Lost Ark when they're putting their car. Yeah. Okay. No one remembers that scene, but me and Scott apparently. I remember that scene. You know, it was a call. That's how I'm talking about. Yeah. Yeah. We watched the movie. I didn't know. And no, it wasn't it wasn't it wasn't that movie. You guys wanted me to watch on to remember the name of it. It wasn't the Green Mile or I can't even remember the name of that. I'm trying to make a think with them. Yeah. Yeah. That shot. Shank Redemption movie or whatever. It's called unbelievable. Your wife just left you. But we see what it's like. We watched War Dogs. Oh, yeah. War Dogs is pretty good movie. Isn't that have Jonah Hill in it? It does. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And I'm going to tell you the whole time I watched that. I, and this is, I, this is the second time I've seen it. Both times I've said to myself, they should make a movie about PJ and Aaron. Well, times when I see that movie, I think of them. And I think to myself, this, they would be great for a movie that would be so good. I would love to see this. There's the other guys. Jonah Hill. I don't know, actors. But I could look it up. And then a movie. And refresh my memory. They just wind up like kind of falling ass backwards into becoming arms dealers, right? Yeah. Miles Teller. Okay. But they just like accidentally become arms dealers. Don't they? Well, Jonah Hill is an arms dealer. Like he's kind of like found away in with his own cooler, something like that, but then he keeps doing it. And then he gets his his high school buddy miles involved. And interestingly, I don't want to throw any names out there. But one of our listeners and Patreon supporter actually works for the Department of Justice. Because they basically they were trying to, they had a big deal. And they tried to pull a scam on the US government. And what's the job? Yeah. There's a true story. Her job is to find out when to figure those scams out to make sure that the Department of Justice isn't getting the scam. Which that's kind of that's kind of interesting. That's like literally her job. I like how you broke this down. You weren't going to tell us then you said she was a patron. You said you were a girl. Then you said her initials were SM and then you were setting up. I said none of those last things. That leaves a lot of people. And there's no way anybody can know who the Patreon people are. Email listeners. Yeah, there's only seven female listeners. It's not making. Okay. It's not my mother. Okay. Now we know it's not my mom. Totally understood. I thought that was kind of cool. Yeah. I dipped in. I dipped into the last of us. I watched the first couple episodes just to get a feel for it. You guys watch that show? No. I heard of it. The last of us? Yeah. No. It's not going to play a bass on a video game. But it's like an apocalyptic. You know, the world has been ravaged by a telephone gun. It's almost everybody's fucking, there's another F bomb for you. I appreciate you're aware. It's important. Yeah. It's important. Yeah. Well, it starts with awareness. Yeah. Change. Change begins with awareness at home. Okay. But yeah, last of us, the first two episodes have been pretty crazy. It's really interesting. It's, I was hesitant because of that. I want another zombie show. But they're not zombies. I mean, essentially, yeah, same thing. They're infected. But it's a really neat premise. Like, it's a fungus. It's not a virus. And it's all based off a real fungus that I've read about before. There's a fungus that gets into ants, and it gets into their brain. And it takes control of them. Yeah. And it makes it their mission to spread the fungus. So they go and they try to spread the fungus to all the other ants. And then there's some of them. They climb up high. The, the fungus takes control of their brain. And it makes them climb up really high above an ant hill. And then their head explodes. And the fungus rains down all over the ant hill and it affects as many ants as possible. And so the premise is what happens if that fungus evolves into humans? Something triggers it to have to evolve to survive and the evolution that happens makes it so that they can just happen to live in humans. So now we've got this fungus invading humans and taking control of them and making them try to infect others and they're very violent and it's interesting. And then one of my favorite little things about it is, you know, the whole thing with zombies, it bothers me is if they don't be rotting. Like if they're dead, they would be rotting. They would last like a few months. And then all the zombies would just be useless. And they wouldn't be able to move because they just rot. So they wouldn't all last a winter like this is done. Like so that's why I was at a problem with zombies. But the catch with the fungus, the angle with the fungus is that the fungus produces penecillin. So it keeps the body from getting infected. So it's left a lot longer. They do break down and obviously if you like blow their knee cap out, they can't walk. But they're not like slow like they're running full speed at you. Like they're like wild animals. Yeah. And they're they're just have no like their brain is taken over by the fungus. So it's pretty interesting. Obviously I'm only two episodes in, so it still could go down the toy that pretty quick. So we'll see what happens. You know that there are like there are, there are fungus that do attack ants like that. I mean they don't do it. Yeah, there is a little bit of an empty. Yeah, they're just crazy to think that there's quarter subs that can do that. Yeah, the thing with the ant climbing up and then it's exploding. Yeah. I know that like there's a real thing like that's just crazy that that's something could evolve to do that. Yeah. It'll like make you wonder holy smokes. You know some of this stuff. Yeah. Okay. I'm gonna be careful now. Yeah. I'm gonna be careful now. I'm gonna fungus. How many seasons is the fungus show? Well it's just one. It just started. So they're coming out like it's not even all out yet. You know what I mean? So you can't do that. I can't do that. I need to wait to get done. Yeah. I need to get caught at the end. I'm I watch Mayor of King Town. You know what that is? Yeah. Yeah. I haven't seen it, but I heard it's great. It ruins my life because then I like the episodes and I'm ready for another one and there isn't an owner there. Oh there isn't another. I mean I'm ready and I'm waiting until next week it's terrible. It's not a way to live. Yeah. I want to I want to test your your thought on this wrong because you probably actually know the answer. But I was talking to my friend Rob about how shows like crank, right? Like suits and all these shows and then all of a sudden they start to dwindle and he told me that oftentimes what it is is the writer wrote four seasons. Yeah. We had a plan for four seasons and then it starts making a ton of money and exactly it's like, well, right another season. He's like, there isn't another season. They're like right another season and that's why shows tank after a certain amount of time because there's not many there are not many writers out there like I can't remember his name. The guy who wrote Sun's America is like, nope. Six. Yeah. We're doing. I knew it from the beginning. That's all we're doing. It's the end and it really made my mind think, I'm like, that's what happens because so how many shows you watch it like, yes, yes, what the. It just departs from like what it was and you're like, you have to watch in the same show after and you don't realize it right away. You know what I mean? You get like halfway through that season. You're like, man, this is getting bad. Yeah, that happened to a few shots. That's so weird to me. Yeah. That makes sense. If you think of a show like suits for example, the whole premise is that Mike doesn't actually have a lot of greed. Right. Right. So you're on a very limited timeline until that gets discovered. Yes. Right. So they managed to what they chewed out what three seasons before everyone found out about that. Yeah. And then they found a way I can't say because they have to like, they found it a way to make one for him. Yeah. Yeah. It looked that looked to be real like, you know, so in a computer system it was real. I mean, that show tanked the last season I regretted watching. Yeah, because we loved it so much. You know, yeah, there's a lot of stuff like that. You could tell the writer has a great idea. But the premise wouldn't get by everyone for too many years. Yeah. That's how it is. That's how it is. That's how I feel about about oh, she's what that's called the Yellowstone. I'm like, yeah, the feds would be in by now. There's human bodies. Like, I'm sorry, but the whole this is just Montesan. It doesn't really work anymore. There's too many dead people. Yeah. And certain characters like Beth in Yellowstone. Oh, yeah. Like, let's make the most horrible resentful person we can create. And you're like, wow, what an interesting character. But after three seasons, no one would want to be around here. Yeah, no one. Like, she would just be like alienated from society because every single person would be like, you're so toxic. You can't even be in the same room as me. No one would be around here. Like, she would be de-family. Like, there's no way there's still having her at dinner table to do all that crazy nonsense. Like, it's just not going to happen. Yeah. I agree. Like, you know, usually you hate a character for a while. And then they, they somehow tone them down enough for the altruums so that you can keep them around. Like, they just kept the gas on her. And then they put her with the character that everyone loves. And you're like, he would not do that. He'd be like, itch. You know how many women I can have. Real need you. Yeah, you probably killer himself at that point. I know. I know. I do have a couple of bodybuilding questions. Should we save them for the next uh, in the next episode? Should we save them for the next episode? Because I've got a bodybuilding topic for the uh, might, there might be good for the Wednesday episode, you know, so we can call this great. So we can, so we did the Saturday show first. We did. Yeah. That's, and that's, this is why guys anybody who said, I like when you say the number at the beginning, this is why we don't do that. This could be episode 200. That would be garbage. Right. This has to be two of them. Yeah. So this is two of one. This is two of one. Yeah. So you're seeing into the future. Are they seeing into the past? You know, all at once. All at once. Man, if you're on up, if you're like tripping a little bit and watching this episode, and you realize that concept, yeah. Definitely take three grams of mushrooms before watching this episode. Okay. So it's got, well, I cut that out. And I put that third beginning. I wonder if that would be monetized. Yes. Well, yes. I was like, if I had part out in general, actually now, this is it. Yeah. For justice. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well, that's the innocent, just a drug use. Okay. Okay, everybody, remember, it's just bodybuilding sometimes, not today. Other times, it's very little bodybuilding. Although we did discuss the Arnold show. We did clips. Guys, we had a little moment. I want to thank mute and obviously for supporting the show. Remember, I am mute and dot com. Go on there. Big Ron, 20 or dusty 20. And get your stuff. And I want to thank everyone who's using the codes, because I've been getting way more notification emails about to go to sleep. Way more like every single day, I got a notification, a couple of notifications. So it's a, it's a, I appreciate it. Thank you very much. And remember, like, share, subscribe, comment, and bring the bell and comment on questions for the next episode. We're going to meet all your questions. Yeah. Yeah. I comment with questions. That really helps us out. Plus, we prefer to give the YouTube questions their priority. So if they're there, we will get to them. And the only reason we won't answer one is if it's like worded so poorly, we don't understand it. And then we'll just make something up and answer that. Yeah. So no questions. Don't answer the questions. We just read them. Yeah. Right. Go on. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You will get recognition. We will get recognition. You will get recognition on the screen that is not answered, which is kind of fun. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Thanks everybody and remember, it's just bodybuilding.