I'm not saying it's wrong. Yeah. But my first question be wise. I know testosterone in there, bro. But it's, you know, I was going to say what if they can't handle. But I mean, debol itself is going to have even more. I don't know. I don't want to say I don't want to hear it because that's rude. But I'm not going to say it's rude. But I'm going to say it's rude. But I'm going to say it's rude. I'm going to say it's rude. But I'm going to say it's rude. But I find it hard to believe that someone can tolerate other compounds in that, even a small amount of testosterone. That's just odd. If you're, um, if you're not able to handle testosterone, I mean, that's like, that's like wanting to be a stripper and you're not comfortable taking your clothes off. I can't. I don't relate to that. What's up, guys? Welcome back to Blood Sweat and Gear with Coachess Skip Hill. And me, Scott McNeilly, we're brought to you by TrueNutrition.com. Use our code ThinkSupplementSource.ca for Canadians. Patreon. I'm going to look up to see if we have some Patreon questions. I think we might have a couple from you guys. And if we don't comment over on Patreon, we give you guys priority for all the shows. And, you know, we're brought to you by some other people too that we don't talk about on YouTube. But if you listen to the audio podcast, you might find out about some other advertisers and sponsors. All right. Skip, we got some listener questions. Andrew's not with us today. He is traveling. In fact, I spoke with him on tax. He's in Rhode Island right now. And he's going to support a friend's show and he's bringing a bunch of people with him to compete in that show. He does say hi. He sends everybody in YouTube. His love. So he wishes he could be with us today. Anyway, our paraphrase contract renegotiations. We'll see. We'll see if the contract goes through by the next episode. So let's see if it works for Andrew. I tried. It didn't work very well. So, all right. We mentioned this before. It was kind of impassing. The question came up and it was from one of my clients. Can you do a contest prep without trend dieting with a trend? I would do that. Why? This is silly. That was my waxing. You know, so I didn't know who that was and you told us about it. Yeah. Then I looked him up. I watched it. It doesn't have his videos. So if you haven't seen him guys, it is funny and it gets old real quick. Yeah. Yeah. Look at the drip and I brew. I got the military blues on. I think that's what they call with the camo pants. The policy carry on the shirt and the and childish on the brim. And never went back and watched it again. When I get my watches, we can't. I'm going to do. I'm going to be like, and this is my dream. I got my Oliver Kupel's eye. Got my brain. It's so funny. It's funny. It's like it says three or four times. Yeah. Skip like student life. All right. So yeah, man, just we'll make it. We'll make it brief, but you know, contests prep without trend. I don't think it's as big of a deal as people might think. First of all, man, let me ask you this. If you go to a national level show. Bodybuilding in classic. Maybe even men's physique. The percentage of guys are running trend historically based off of your experience. Well, with 100% being everybody. If you count the audience, it's like a hundred years. Yeah. No, I mean, it's so astronomically high that it is. I think we're going to all agree. It's kind of assumed that that's just an integral part of. Because it was so good. It's just so good. Here's I added it three weeks ago within two weeks of being on it. It's just such a dramatic change. I've always said this. Trend doesn't make you leaner. But the visual. It's hard to argue that that is not what is happening. Yeah. So, you know, and someone may be listening going, yes, it does make you lean. Maybe the point is there's no. There's no component of it that you can single out and say, yes, this compound makes you leaner. But the visual change is so dramatic that it's really hard to argue. And I think that's that's why plus it's just so strong. It's like on a milligram per milligram, you know, comparison. Oh, yeah. That, you know, 300 milligrams of of Trent can't compare to 300 milligrams of anything else. From a visual standpoint. Maybe like for strangle or like halo or something. Sure. You're not going to get that for eight weeks, you know. Yeah. And then Pac-Man comes along and eats up liver to, you know, where themselves like that. Yeah, you're not going to get that. I mean, okay, I think Trent is also thought of as being a really toxic harsh drug that's going to tear up. But I mean, realistically, I'm not advocating like, oh, man, Trent's not a big deal. But like as it stands, I don't think it is as detrimental as maybe it's made out to be, especially when used in modest dosing. I think it was back when we made it. Oh, okay. Because that I always called Trent, I call it ponscom because it just literally, I mean, you had the coffee filter. You know, you had dust in there, arguably cat hair. I mean, you try to cover it, but it has to sit there and filter through a coffee filter. And then it comes out this color that I have not seen Trent be that color in the last 15 or 20. 40. You know, pretty dark gold. It's pretty, pretty rough. Kind of the color of the pellets that it was with the glue and everything. Yeah. Exactly. And I wouldn't even argue this. I don't know about your specific experience, but myself and my clients over the years, the trend cough is nothing of what it used to be. Oh. So for me, I mean, I can run. It's been three weeks. I haven't had one yet. No. Good. I might have one more. Yeah, exactly. I did have one the other day that went, was going pulmonary and it burnt like acid. I only had four in my life. And oddly, my, this was the only one that my wife had given me the shot. And I told her like, stop. Hold on. Yeah. And I waited. And I felt it. And I might pull it out. Pull it out. And I started punching it because the pain is so bad. And I start breathing real heavy and she's freaking out. I'm like, it's just don't freak out. It'll go away. It'll go away. Wait, wait. Witnesses you have Trent cough. And she's seen a lot of, you know, stuff. She's seen the cough and everything else. It's cough. It was where it gets into, it's going to go and pulmonary. So it's going up that conveying and it's burning. Yeah. Like battery acid. It's horrible. Horrible. I've got that. That's the fourth one in my life. I've only had four and I've done a lot of gear. You could tell. It's just, it, it's just a great compliment. We use it because 99% of us see such a dramatic response from it. Can you do it? A prep without it. Sure. And it arguably won't, you know, if you leave it out, it won't get in the way as much with your sleep. You don't have to deal with a lot of the sides. But I agree with you. And I said this. I've said this for years. And people, you know, like, oh, that's not responsible for you to say that. I can't believe you're seeing it. But I haven't seen the blood work that has said this is horrendous on, you know, kidney values and everything else. I have not seen that. No, and to that, no, I, I mean, I imagine it would be easier to get. Listen, I'm coming at this from just the perspective of, I'll call myself a bro scientist, meaning that as a bro scientist, I see actual results. You know what I'm saying? Meaning like, I'm not going by like, this is what a research study says. I'm talking about a decade plus of watching people use compounds at various doses and seeing what their lab work looks like, you know, so I'm a bro. But they still evidence. I've argued this time and timing and getting it on our show. It's still an evidence-based process. And that's why I don't like the label, bro science, because it gets such a negative connotation. If you have three, 19 year olds talking about what works with trend, that is what I think of bro science. I don't fair about experienced trainers who aren't using academia to base an opinion based on their experience with not only themselves, but hundreds, if not thousands of clients, there's a huge difference there. Fair enough. So there's a very broad definition of bro science. I've never once though, I've never once seen an issue. And part of that might be how we choose to use it dose wise. We're a very, very, very, very, very bulls. There are other things that can go wrong. There's outliers that you could turn and have bad labs, but may only be correlative. Yeah, may not be causative. And that is a huge difference. Yeah. And so what I can say is, is that, because if you think about it, man, there's going to be irresponsible dosing. I wouldn't start turning it 20 weeks out. I wouldn't start turning it 20 weeks out at 500 milligrams a day or more. People used to run it a lot higher than they do now. So I think that maybe some of that reputation, if you're taking 700 or 1000 trend, you're probably going to be more likely to have issues. You know what I'm saying? So I sit last six weeks, last eight weeks. Eight weeks out from a prep. I don't, you know, from a peak. I don't think that that's crazy talk. And I can just say out of my experiences of coaching and having done a lot of shows myself. I hadn't seen it being any more caustic, you know, than any other compound. Dossing it like that, dosing inspiration. So let me ask you this though, how would we, how would we replace it? You know, what would you do without it? How, how would you set a cycle up? Is there anything you would, would you just do the same exact thing, minus the trend, or would you try to add something else to the mix? I'm down with DHB. Yeah, you know me. Okay. Now I really think it has a very, very similar. Okay. It's not the same. Yeah. But I can't think of another compound based on my experience of using in place of trend that even comes close to trend. So if you have trend, arbitrary numbers make my point, trends of 10. Yeah. DHB might be like a seven or an eight, and then everything else you might try to put in there to, to make up the difference of trend is like a three. Yeah. Okay. DHB to me is a, it's a distant second. But it still works relatively well. And you can get rid of a lot of those side effects from the sleep to the sweats to, you know, all that arguably the, edginess, you know, I prep for a long time on my wife usually says until about two or three weeks out. I really don't know that you're prepping, but she can tell two things on a month trend. I get quiet because my idea of avoiding, not conflict, but avoiding frustration, everything is kind of keeping to myself. Yeah. That's number one. Number two, she says you have a metallic smell. It's not be, it's not offensive, but it's metallic. She goes, I can, I can smell it like on your breath and in your sweat. It's definitely not healthy. Whatever that's because I know it. Yeah. I know this while you're talking about. Yeah. Yeah. It can't be. And you know, it's well, so you can do sometimes in your opinion, like, yeah. I don't know if that's right. Yeah. I have a neat, many, and spheragus in quite a while. I don't think that's, you know, so we talked a little bit about DHB, die hydra-bomb non, which would be like test breaks down into DHT and now we're talking DHB. So basically aqua poise breaking down into this. Last time we brought it up, we had a few people who said, it is rough on your labs. And I reached out to labs because I figured, yeah, we, you and I hadn't really seen much of it. And I'm going to tell you completely honestly, I ran it twice and it was years ago and in those days we didn't do like, it was labs on cycle very often. You were told to do labs like, you know, a couple of times a year, make sure that everything's good. I'd probably check them three times a year and it was harder to get labs back then. That said, I didn't notice anything different after my cycle was over. Last did say he said, you know, I have seen higher liver enzymes with it. Have you seen any changes with DHB in lab work? Only longer term. Okay. And I don't know why that is. I don't know if it's because it's such a long ester that it takes a long time to build blood levels and then when you get other longer than say try and ask today. And quite frankly, I have to put this in because this is a bit of a caveat. Okay. Okay. The longer trends I don't like agree because if there's going to be a change in blood markers, I will see it with the longer acting, you know, the hex and amputate, but I won't see it with the acetate. Now it could just be not even the ester, but the fact that we're running the trend acetate for a shorter duration because of prep. That's a good point, man, because I'm with you 100% and we've talked about that before, but some of our listeners might not have heard it. I'm with you 100% trying to ace for me. And what I've done with clients or myself in the past, I would be the only way I'd go. And I think to the last time I ran DHB for a while. Yeah. Was about a year and a half ago. And I noticed that I did get a lot more left, argic. Almost kind of heavy-footed. Okay. The longer I took it and we're talking like maybe I might have ran it. I'm guessing I'd have to check, but for then I've got the notes for anybody who's like he doesn't keep no hand got notes. So I've got so many notes that I can't keep track of my notes. 14, 16 weeks. So the last maybe three, four weeks, I thought to myself, man, I'm just feeling a little bit more run down a little bit more heavy-footed. So it could have been, and I didn't do labs at that point. I did labs about another four or five weeks later, and they were not. There was nothing that really stood out, but there could have been at that time because I had stopped the DHB prior to doing the bloodwork maybe four weeks prior. But anyway, that could have that there may be a connection there with that feeling. Yeah. Yeah. With the blood markers may be being a little bit elevated. I have not seen anything. Paul said it too. Because I asked him about it. Paul Barnett, he said he thought that he saw some stuff online. And I wonder how long, what that length of usage was and what that dosage was for the people who had the higher, you know, and how bad they were. Would they just slightly elevated or were they egregious? Well, here's so here's the thing, man. Honestly, like I go with the things I know and a lot of times, and I get it, people want to experiment with different compounds and see how this works and what that does. When you find that like at the end of the day as a coach, my goal isn't to like experiment with you and see what, you know, what I want to do is get to the things that work, you know. And so generally, we found if we are going to take it up a notch, we go to trend. I mean, I might have a guy who just does test in maybe a little bit of windstrile the end of a prep that might be all he wanted to do, right? If maybe we go to test and mast and if he wanted to take it another steps, then we go to test mast and trend. And you know, so it's so DHB isn't something I've done with clients, honestly. It's not a been to go to compound. I just haven't felt like I needed it and we've been able to get to a result that said, you know, it came up a few episodes ago. You see, Suma doesn't want to run trend. He said, hey, you know, just don't want to feel the edginess from it. Yeah. So, and he's looking like do we're like, I think we're 10, 12 weeks out and he asked, can we do a show it like eight weeks? Yeah, let's do it. So now we're eight weeks out and we're starting it up pretty soon. So we'll keep track. We'll get notes and I'll keep you guys posted as to what happens with that one individual, you know. And just to piggyback off of what you said, I think that that's a smart move is a coach, a good coach, especially in the cut phase, prep phase. Right. You don't want to be gambling and experimenting. No, you want to keep that familiar so that you know that the vast majority of people respond to this specific compound. This way. So it really is a better idea to go, especially in a prep. To go with the compounds that you know how you respond or or have a good idea of how you're going to respond, experiment in the off season or experiment during a cut phase when you're not going to get on stage. So that you can figure out what works. And if it's not working all that great, then it doesn't impact. It'll have lots of an impact on the end result as far as potentially you get on stage. You go, yeah, they didn't go. Yeah. So I look forward to seeing though what we get out of it. So D.H.B. would be the potential to replace her for trend. Man, you should get some labs for us. Let us know, you know, maybe like whatever six weeks in or whatever. I'd love to see, you know, just draw like a, you know, just your basic liver markers even see what we can do. Well, I'm seven weeks out now. So I'm not going to go in all here any labs at this point. You don't like to do that. I know. I don't because I don't want that added. Then I have to make the decision if they're not good to be like, oh, great. Yeah. Everything is going great. But I, and my brain, I'll be honest. I'll be like, you know what, I'm going to stick it out for the next seven weeks. So I just hate to say it, but I'd rather not know. I'm being completely transparent. You know, I get it, man. And I don't think it. I'm not going to mark you as being irresponsible for that because you, you went in prepared. Right. You knowing where your health was to start. Well, someone's going to say, you're old. You're 55. You need to, you, you need, you need, you need. I mean, there might not be wrong, skim. No, here's my argument though, too. That is, and I don't mean this to use specifically to anyone who would say that. Yeah. Just not your fucking business. And that's true to you, man. And the end of the day, you take care of you. Yeah. And at the end of the day, I'll take care of me. Yeah. And that's how it's going to be. And people can judge that. That's okay. Or I wouldn't say that. I'm comfortable saying that because it, I just, it'll be two minutes. And I will have forgotten about this because I just don't give a shit what people think. Yeah. At the end of the day, I need to be comfortable with the decisions I've made. I've made my decisions I'm gear for many years. I know the ramifications and the potential consequences. Better than most. And I, this is the decision that I made. And it is what it is. We got to respect that guys. And if you don't come up below. Or not. Or not. Or not. Or not. Okay. Listen. So I'm going to segue into a bunch of questions. We're going to try to power through a bunch of stuff. If guys, we got a bunch of them. The last couple episodes have freaking killed at Skip. We've gotten like a ton of really positive feedback from listeners. So it's cool. And if you guys have questions to be verbose, but you know that that's just, Well, there's one last of us, right? So there's more time for me to talk. If you're in the market for protein powder, check out truenutrition.com. They literally have like every protein powder under the sun. I go with their cold filtered weight isolate or their team skip blend. I prefer the chocolate peanut butter cup, but there's a few flavors that I like. Let me know if you have any questions about that. Sorry, my wife should get to the P protein isolate. It's rare to find a P isolate. Most of them are concentrated. So the isolate is super low in carbs regardless of your diet. They will have a protein powder for you. And you get to flavor how you want and buy it by how many of your pounds you want. So check them out. Turnutrition.com. They're the first company that ever supported our podcasting. So we support them. You can support us by shopping with your nutrition and using our code. Here we go. All right. So question for the next BSG. When and how do you incorporate practice peaks going into a show? I know all variables won't be the same as peak week for example. Say a couple of weeks out training and cardio will still be high. So how would you judge your best looking practice weeks? If you still have yet to drop the fatigue, all of that stuff. Currently he's seven weeks out. He's six foot seven and 250 pounds. He's going to be I guarantee you this. He's going to be the tallest guy on stage. Yeah, no question. He says not working with the coach. So he's doing this on his own. Okay. That matters. He says thanks guys. Think big podcast. Get me through my our long commute to work every day. Thank you for listening, brother. The reason I say it matters is because if you don't have a coach, then a child kind of peak week. At least playing with a few things, especially water manipulation is very important. If you're with a good coach and I have changed my position on this over the years because I've been doing this a long time. Good, my opinion. Good coaches don't do trial runs. They have a method. There are exceptions obviously, but I think by and large they have their methods. They have done them so many times that the results are incredibly predictable. If you're an outlier, if you are older, if you tend to carry more water than the average person. Those can be exceptions where as a trainer, you might go, yeah, I got to get an idea here about how hard we can go to manipulate and shift water and see what that visual change is going to look like it may not be. It doesn't need to be a hundred percent of the protocol that you're going to use to get on stage. But something to be able to get a response so that you can say, okay, we did this and this was the response that gives you a little bit of an idea as far as if you need to be more aggressive when it comes time to actually peak or if you were too aggressive and you need to pull back. Some people will look great pulling water and arguably using you know hydrochlorothiicide or a die aside, whatever the preference is. And they look great. They'll look absolutely shredded the main tame fullness and everything else and a lot of this has to also do with how you're loading when you're loading in relation to the shift of water. But then there are people who you lose water and you just go flat. Yeah. Like lose everything. Nobody's no lines exactly. So in situations like that, if I had a client who came to me and said, you know, I've done this a couple times. This is what I did and I just ended up like dog shit. It wasn't very aggressive. Then I'd be like, oh, then I'd have to take a look at, okay, how did that all? How did that protocol manipulating water stack up against how you loaded your water and take it that time? What the timing was? Like as an example, did you dry out first and then load or did you load and you in fill and spill and then you cleaned it up with the diuretic use or with the water manipulation? There are a lot of variables in there. Again, this is one of those things and I respect the fact that he's doing it without a coach. I even as a coach, I think that's great. I did it for years and years and years and loved it and took pride in it until I couldn't. And then I hired someone who, you know, I could trust you know, to be able to. But she's done it a long time and that was very recent, like real recent guys. Yeah. So it just depends the best case scenario though is go with a trainer who is incredibly experienced and has a great track record because you're going to eliminate a lot of that guesswork and you're going. You're literally just paying for their experience and you're paying for that very predictable outcome. I like that. A couple things all thrown in. So just just practicing in general. I look at every load that we do. Like I see the diet is being a series of depletion and loading, depletion and loading. We might not need to load that much at the beginning. You know, you might have long periods. It might be three weeks, you know, four weeks and we haven't done a load. But once we get into that pattern of doing a load, I'm always looking at that as feedback as to what we're going to do for the load into the show. Now that doesn't cover water manipulation. You know what I mean? Ideally, if we get you absolutely peeled, we might not have to do anything with water, you know? And I know we say that skip. But that's like, and of course, every coach wants that. Like these are the perfect scenarios. And I think that the better you get at it, the more consistently you can achieve not having to do anything to drop water. Part of it too is like, I think sometimes in my experience it's been like, how early did we start the diet? You know what I mean? Like because the early you start the diet, the leaner you can get. That's just going to be a formula always. Was it a 10 week diet? Because you're probably not going to be as lean as the guy who did 20 weeks. You know, where do you hold water? Yeah. I always love to do this. Don't ever as a listener of you or don't ever say you hold it in the fat cell. That cannot physiologically it is impossible. There are there's lipids in a fat cell. Yeah. You hold the water around the fat cells. That's why you hold more water in your fatty or areas. If your low back is still fat and you hold water, where are you going to hold it in your lower back? One of the things before I move to the top, I hear the next question is this. If you wanted something to try to see what water manipulation will do just for a regular load, load with a lot of water, like a set amount, like, okay, I have a leader in between my load meals all day for my load. If you're loading five meals as an example. The next time you do that, limit your water considerably. Mm-hmm. During your load day and see what you look like as that day progresses and the following morning, you arguably should be drier the following morning because all those carbs need water. And if you're not providing it, it has to pull it subq. Yeah. So you arguably should be drier. But then you have to see, did I not fill out as much? And what that balance looks like because you can't fill out as much if you don't, if you're not taking in or you don't have enough water or you're not holding enough water. So then you, and everybody has that balance. No one's going to be 100% full and 100% dry. You have to give up some to get the other. There are people who are exceptions like the Philheats and the Nick walkers and where they just always look like they, they're just not usually off. MirMortals like us, we have to find that balance and it's individual. I have to give up a little bit of fullness to get drier. Yeah. And if I want fullness and I am focused on fullness, I have to give up a little bit of dryness to do it. And some people look better, drier. Some people look better, a little bit fuller. Yeah. You got to figure out what your best look. It's not about. It's not only about how shredded my glutes can be. I think that's one of the biggest mistakes we have made as competitors. Yes, that is unfortunately a mark of conditioning. But you got to have that balance and what works specifically for your physique. Agreed. And you can win shows without peeled glutes. I've seen it happen. Absolutely. Other thing I was going to add is that in Scott's book, be your own bodybuilding coach, he does talk about practice peaks. And he'll do it several weeks out. And he has a complete formula that he'll, and he used to run Dave Henry through that. So Scott is super analytical and everything. He does. He's got his formulas. And he's got some fun stuff, man, including I don't know if you ever heard him talk about the head down tilt. Have you heard about this? So there was, they discovered this with astronauts and anti-gravity. They realized that there was a diarrhea suspect. That was the fact that astronauts were experiencing. They were losing water. And it had to do with your head. So you can mimic this with your head being lower than your feet. And oh, he. Scott would literally bring telephone books or Cinder blocks to the hotel and prop up the foot of his bed for his own shows. To sleep that way. Six inches, sixty, sixty, three. Why am I not surprised? I believe it was. And I haven't tried it, man, but he said it works phenomenal. It's in his book. So if you guys aren't just did go to blyobcoach.com, you can get Scott's book there. And I recently last year, I can't remember what it was. But I was like, I want to brush up on water manipulation. So I went and Scott's got a whole chapter on it. So he's got a bunch of good stuff in there. So we, I got TSA pre-check. Oh, yeah. And clear. Oh, you got clear. I, I got clear. I need to get clear. Yeah. It's, it's freaking awesome. But I have a feeling that if I, if I have two Cinder blocks in that luggage. I'm going to, I'm going to be questioned. I'm pretty sure. Yeah. I'm going to pull me aside. They're going to look at you sideways with two Cinder blocks. I got to get drier. Yeah. You have to bring the book to reference it. Yeah. Read right here. All right. So I guess we're on a prep kick here. Um, next question is what's the best body hair trimmer? Let's just talk about a hairy model. One blade. One blade. Do what is that? Because everybody is talking about the one blade. I have not used it. That sounded like an infomercial intro. Yeah. It's, um, it, not only for your face, but for your body. It's, it's, it's, it's panasonic. But I'm telling you, and the blades, even though I get a lot of refills. And so the blade will easily last a month and rip through. It doesn't obviously cut as close as a laser, but it's as close as you're going to get for the time that you're going to spend. You can just rip through and shave your body. I'm not kidding in like, I mean, 10 15 minutes tops. It's, it's, it's great. But I use it on my, uh, on my face almost daily because it's faster now. It works. It works. It works. It works. It works. It works. Then it works. Okay. Then I'm going to find a look for but when you use a high hand, bron. It's still takes longer. The one blade just rip rip rip in in three minutes. I'm like, I'm good to go. Okay. I gotta check this thing out. I, um, so about to hear removal, I've used, uh, like a body groomer where it has, like one side has like the clippers on it. Yeah. Yeah. And then the other side has closed, but it's decent. Yeah. And I want to say first for Contest Prep. And just for a general purpose, like you don't have to get it all the way to the skin in order to be acceptable. You know, like sometimes people think like, oh, it's still they're stubble. Yeah, I can feel it. Yeah, you can feel it. But judge this. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. So there's a razor because I do like that smooth feeling. Yeah. So I have to be careful to see it. If I do the razor and my forearms, give me three, four days in my arms get covered with ingrown hairs. Oh, really? Just my forearms. And I've heard other people, I heard Scooby-Prep say that one time about a different body part of his. Yeah. That's like, oh, yeah, I get that two of my forearms. So I'll just, I don't think people are concerned about as much about their forearms as they are, other sensitive areas. Yeah, true. But you know, it's not a good look when your arms come in pimples, right? So I will just trim those down right to leaving the hairs. You know what I mean? But you can't see it. So it's fine. And I would suggest to, if you're doing a kind of test prop and that's what you're doing about here and move before condition your body to it, don't do it. Like, don't just start the week out. You're right. How early? Because I mean, I'll tell you what too. I've got a couple guys that are noncompetitors. And we're going to have to have a talk about doing some trimming. Because I can't even see what's going on sometimes, man. Yeah. And you know, here's the thing. And I don't want to offend anybody by saying this. But thankfully, my wife has the same repulsive reaction to body here that I do. If I go a couple weeks and don't, I mean, I've shaped since I was in high school. I was picked on by a friend of mine because we were having a tip. My best friend that I worked out with in high school and in front of the whole class, I said something smart to me goes, well, at least I don't shade my legs. And the whole class started to laugh at me. And I'm going, I'm a bodybuilder. You don't follow like a dumbass. But it's always been an issue for me. It's just something that I've always done. But a lot of people don't. And the visuals day and night. And when it comes to being able to assess your condition, get rid of that for a quote. Yeah. Yeah. It's just your bodybuilder. I'm not trying to do what you want. And it's a person. Sometimes, you know, why is this up? They prefer that hairy. Thankfully, my wife does not. And thankfully, I'm not like Italian or, you know, super, you know, hairy, I would just, you know, I'll shave sometimes if I haven't shaved for like three months, which is rare. And I just look at it, look at it on the floor of the bathroom. And or in the shot, and I'm just looking, and I'll take a picture of it, and send it to my wife. She's like, don't do that. It's just, it just reposes me. It's just, all right. Anyway, how about this one from Chris? He says, it, okay, this is a weird one, man. He says, and I'm curious to hear what you say. Thinking about doing a deep all and pre-most cycle, just because I never tried deep all and want to try it, what is the longest that you would run deep all, thinking about eight weeks? Oh, maybe this isn't what I thought it was, because we've had a few people now talking about not using test, but using deep all as their conversion to estrogen. So deep all and pre-mo. Yeah. Assuming the pre-mo's in, excuse me, in injectable. Yeah. They still have strong patch. Woof, anyway. Sometimes cinnamon ones bite me. Yeah, injectable pre-mo with deep all, okay. Any, I'm gonna be honest, anything without a test that don't like, I just don't like it. I'm not saying it's wrong, yeah. But my first question would be, why is there no test thrown in there, bro? But it's, I was gonna say, what if they can't handle, but I mean, deep all itself is gonna have even more, I'm sure to get it. I don't know. I don't wanna say I don't wanna hear it, because that's rude. But I find it hard to believe that someone can tolerate other compounds in that, even a small amount of test and astro. And that's just odd. If you're not able to handle test astro, I mean, that's like wanting to be a stripper and you're not comfortable taking your clothes off. I can't, I don't relate to that, I don't know. That should be our intro clip right there. Yeah, I think that's what it's gonna be. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You're welcome, be welcome. I like deep all personally. I mean, the whole thing aside, you know, I think deep all is the most underrated compound out there now, based off of underrated being how do people perceive things today? You know, there's a time that deep all was like the compound. I think people just see it as an equated for some reason. They do. And I don't know why, because, well, arguably it probably makes most people hold more water than anything else. I mean, I'd rather take anodrol, I'd be harder and anodrol than I would. Yeah, yeah, there's that. Yeah, but I don't dislike deep all. I think it's just kind of been moved aside over time for whatever reason, but clearly the most anabolic, I pretty sure it's the most anabolic compound oral, right? I don't know, but I like the sound. I think it is. I'm going back to, you know, I'm old. So Tony Mandrich, when he was, yeah, they were talking about steroids and sports illustrate years ago when Mandrich was taking everything under the sun back in the 80s. And they listed all the compounds for. And I remember, because I was looking for steroids when I was a teenager, yeah, I called the pharmacies and I'd be like, do you have deep all? Do you have, you know, that type of thing? And then one day, because it was a small town, I told the story for one day of a small town, I called Zandy a Paphika, I go, yeah, I'm just wondering, do you sell deep all? Do you have deep all, like, yeah, I'm like, do you have been strong? Like, yeah, I'm like, in the guy goes, is this Ken Hill? And I'm like, no, like, who's Ken of click? And I thought, yeah, you gotta be kidding me. Like, who the hell was that? How would you know what's made? It's a real small town, because you were the very small and we were a little tiny town. That's what I couldn't figure out for my 60,000 people at that time, but I'm like, how bad is my luck that I call a place that recognizes my voice because this Ken Hill? No, this is skip. Yeah. That's how it was for. Yeah. Oh, God. Yeah. All right, how about this one? Best. I don't think we really gave him a solid answer for that. OK, let me ask you this. Let me ask you this. So test. Well, it's add test in there. Let's assume that there is test. Test. Primo. Deepa. Yeah. I think you could save money by leaving the Primo. Go with test and deepa. I mean, you're going to take deepa when you want to grow. Right? I mean, it's not going to be something that, you know, if you take deepa, you're like, you're like, I'm looking to put on some size. Yeah. You're all of our size arguably with test options. You're going to save money. And at least you know, or have a better idea that you test astronaut will be real. Versus the Primo bowl and potentially not being realistic. Well connected. And you know, for sure, the things that you're buying and that you're primal is legit. So yeah, there have been Primo problems lately. So there is that. Sure. All right, move on then. OK, fill up from over at the Facebook group. Best advice for growing lat width. I've increased the total weekly volume to 20 sets. Now, I don't know how many sets he was doing before. But here's his exercises. I do assisted pull ups. Wide grip, lat pull downs. Single arm pull downs. Straight arm pull downs. V bar pull downs. Changing just to the program. Have been made within the last several months. So I know I'm just being impatient. Saying he's done all these things. And he hasn't given in enough time to see what's going to make a difference. Yeah, just wondering how long and what you all have done to improve your lat width because my width sucks. So it was mine. And it sucked more when I relied on doing basically on that perspective that a muscle grows in one direction. And specifically from pull down movements. And then I changed it up because I thought this after years, this just isn't working. And I started growing more and I back grew wider and bigger. So honestly, I would say, I don't want to say do exactly the opposite of what you're doing. But keep the chins in there at some point and change all those other exercises to different versions of a row. And then come back in six to eight months and tell us how much your back is growing. Oh, and cut your sets down because no one is hitting 20 sets a back at 100% anyway. I like that. I can't argue with any of that, man. I made my best progress doing about two to three exercises for back, two to three sets per exercise. And that was it. It was a pull down. It was a dumbbell row. And then it would be a second, another row, maybe a T-bar row. I like T-bar. I know that T-bar gets bagged on nowadays. But I don't know why. Yeah, I did, you know, did well for me. So I think it comes down to how you execute it. Yeah. A lot of times it ends up being a partial. And it's a lot of about, you know, tons of plates and a bicep movement or a shrug. Yeah. It's a different. The only thing I would add is every now and then maybe every second or third workout finish off with pullovers. Oh, yeah. Because pullovers are highly underrated. The great for the back development up underneath the armpit. I have found more growth and progress out of dumbbell pullovers than I have pretty much any other exercises far as any type of lap hold on or anything in that specific area. Can you replace it with a cable pullover or a specific, why, let me ask you that why specifically dumbbell? Because I'm with you. And I think there's something real special about the dumbbell pullover book. I think it's stability. Oh, OK. I just think that movements that are more stable that you can. The more stable the exercise, the more arguably the more weight you can move. Like as an example, cable pull down your limited by how many times if you're your abs or you're shaking because it's heavy. Maybe it's too heavy. I mean, there's always that too. But with the dumbbell pullover, you're not, you're not limit. It's just a more stable exercise or even a machine pullover for that matter. But I still feel that the cable pullover or stiff arm pull down, if you will, andres canely, attack your back like a Viking, like 1986, muscle fitness or relax, whatever. Those movements work. I know. Those movements still work well in their kind of a adds variety. But myself personally, I would go with the dumbbell and a bench. And I don't like lying crossbench. I like going to length of the bench because don't like the hips lower than the shoulder. It's a vulnerable position for the shoulder joint. I think it's a bad idea to have the shoulders lower. And the argument was always it's a better stretch. Well, yeah. And the more you stretch a naturally muscle or a joint, the more risk you have for injury. I don't think you need to like arch your back to stretch. You know what I mean? I think you can stretch the lat from completely. I mean, that's just been my experience. I picked those up from John Meadows. He hit him in the end of a lot of his programs. And when we were doing his plans back 2012 to 2015 and 16, like almost all of his routines that we did seem to have a dumbbell pull over toward the end. And the reason I really liked it, the stretch. I think that there's a good stretch out of that exercise. And now they're saying that the fascia is its own system. And there's finding that that is much more related. The fascial system is related, much more to growth than we ever thought it was before. So when you're finishing, you've got all that blood in there and you finish with a stretch move like that, not even just for back for pullovers. But it could be overhead tricep extensions, you know, for tricep. Yeah. That stretch position stretching the fascia and the fascia system, it can absolutely, they're finding now and they're learning more about it that is going to contribute to a lot more growth than we ever thought before. So stretch was the number one thing I was missing back when we were doing those medals plans. And it was the number one thing that I, well, that and I got heavy. I just went to heavier weight to I really worked on progression. So I can't say it was just the one thing. But stretch was a big component of when I made the absolute most progress in my back. And that was like well into my 40s and not on a lot of gear and not doing anything special with my diet. It was only the exercises that had changed. And everything else was kind of mediocre. But I made tremendous progress compared to years back, man, running way more gear, eating all the food. So that would be, I guess the other tip I would give him is train with a, like, get that full range, get a good stretch. I was just lacking it, man. But just a couple inches sometimes, you know, just a little bit more is all that would have taken. I've heard that. What else we got here? Hi, you can skip right over that. Yeah, as I was talking. I've done this for a while together. Right? What I know of the joke you don't even make. Those was what she said. Okay, hey guys, new to the channel, 55. Another tall guy, 55, 250 pounds, 6, 7 on 3. Maybe it's the same guy. It's got to be the same guy. And based on those stats, I don't want my wife to. He's gonna. Either that or like everybody. I think he's a big, big tall, especially if you wear a suit. You know, that sort of thing. He should be like, I'm busy tonight. Oh my gosh. Okay. So 55. He's, uh, 250, 6, 7. He's on 300 milligrams of TRT per week. Work crazy. And the other guy was getting ready to get on stage. So I think this is someone else. Work crazy hours each week. Work seven days a week with my business on top of a full-time job with over time. Been on TRT for a few years now and still feel like crap most days. Blood work yearly, um, for the script. Um, had most everything checked by the doctor. Everything comes back. Looks pretty good. Nothing majorly out of whack. Don't get why I still feel like crap on that dose. A suggestion or other compounds I should try to help to feel better. After work like I do, most days I don't feel like easy to get. I don't feel like even, uh, looking at a dang weight much less or work out. Uh, I need help, but don't want to throw my money away with the hopes of getting better. Any suggestions would be greatly appreciated. I do have a suggestion, but it doesn't have anything to do with gear. He's not going to like it as he. No, it's, and it's probably not going to happen. You know, life, our lives, our lives and our schedules, our schedules, our schedules, stress levels and, and the demands that we have, you know, for our time every day. But when you're reading that, I'm, I'm just thinking bro, if, if I was, and I am 55, but if I had a schedule like that, I probably wouldn't want to be looking at the gym either. And I'd be feeling rundown, I don't know that it has anything to do with gear. Yeah, no. You know, that, that's a lot of, you're going to mean different directions. You're working full time. You've got side hustles. You've got training. You know, I was wondering your quality is sleep. Cortisol levels, all that. It's, you know, you're not 25. I hate to say that. And I don't like it when people say it to me. Yeah. But there's some truth. To that, I had a whole lot more energy at 25 and 30, even if I was running crazy trying to raise four kids. If you five, I don't have any kids. Sometimes I look around and I'm like, I just don't have a very stressful life, but I feel a big to share. And I don't know that it has anything to do with gear. So he's looking specifically, you know, at the gear. So I would say this. I mean, you could always increase the testosterone dose for whatever reason I would check your, you know, the little things, your estrogen to testosterone ratio. Cortisol levels, little things, say little things. Still important, but DHA and just all, all those thyroid. Just to see if something is just a little. Little off. It could be something minor. Yeah. I think that no matter what he does though, if he's that stressed, you're not going to be able to make up for it. Unfortunately, you know, there's a tough. There's got to be, there's got to be something in there. And I mean, if it's for you over trained, are you still trying to train a lot? You know, I probably would look at my training first. Look at my diet. Is your diet crap? Is it realistic to have a big training plan, you know, with this situation? Yeah, would he be better off? Maybe critailing it back. Maybe he trains three days a week on days that aren't quite as busy or, I don't know. You know, I mean, something. Or there are two hour sessions or I don't know. How much cardio are you trying to cram in there? You know, too. Is there a cut? There's a lot. There's a lot to unravel. I think that one of the biggest things that I know I need, and I see other people benefiting from is sleep as we age. Like, man, you take a 22 year old or even a 30 year old, and they, Miss sleep, you know, consistently and still getting into great shape and looking credible and win shows. As we get to be older at like in your 40s, even. You, it's just so much more important. And I think at 55, you're asked, it's kind of like saying, like, I can't run 10 miles an hour. You know, I can't run 15 miles. Why can't I run 20 miles an hour? You know, I want to be able to run 20 miles an hour. Like, you, you can recognize you just can't do that. I don't know. Like, you, you have limitations, you know, and that's what I just see here is like, he's got limitations. And if that's what his life is, then there's not going to be anything you can take. That's going to help. But in fact, I think taking more man is going to probably make, would detrimental. Yeah, because it's not helped. Those situations where it's like man, he, he worked until he had hard tech, you know. Check your HRV, you know, how is your HRV trending? That's huge. For people who don't track their sleep, I implore you to track. There's just so much information these days with, even just your basic. Sleep monitor. They can tell you everything from your HRV to, you know, obviously resting heart rate and stuff. And below you're resting heart rate typically the higher your HRV. I know myself and with clients, if you, if, if I or my client start to trend down with their HRV over a couple weeks, you can almost predict that the next couple weeks after that at some point, they're going to start to feel that. Whether it be, you know, there were covering the gym or energy levels, just not usually very good. The exception is when you're in prep and it's going to be low and typically going to be low. And there isn't a whole lot you can do about it. But you still want to focus on trying to get as much quality quality sleep again. It's so important. And I think people tend to gauge their quality of sleep based on, oh, I can function during the day. And also functioning because you're taking in more synthetic caffeine. Yeah. You're taking in things that are stimulus that are, you know, stressing your drainals too. And in the, yeah, it's getting you through your day. But it, it arguably is decreasing your quality of life at the same time slowly. Yeah. I agree, man, 100%. Somebody asked us about methylene blue in the chat here. What's up, chat? Hope you guys are doing good. Have you had any experience with methylene blue? I haven't. It was something that I would have added had I not been going into prep. But, you know, I had already kind of tried to keep my variables constant at that point. The reddit has always been working since I started that in late November. I did pull that back a little bit for reasons I don't get into now. But, SLU, I added, you know, I even told you I'm like, I don't even see a difference. I have it in there now just because it's constant variable. But I, I'm not going to, I don't kitchen sink things. I don't like to, yeah, I'd love to add it to see. But if I add it and I've got so many other things in there right now, I wouldn't be able to tell whether it's working or what impact it had. It is something that I'll go to in the off season after the shows. And take a closer look at it. I, I'm paper. I think it looks great. But I don't judge things based on what they look like on paper. I have to apply them practically and then see for myself and judge. Unbiously whether it is working. I'm revisiting it for a third time now. And I think I have something figured out with it. So, and, and there's, I can't remember his name, but I've been following a researcher who has, I've read some end up stuff that was pretty, like it got me thinking. And it got me looking at it in a different way. So, initially, I was trained to load it, like take it every day. Take it every day and I found skip that I got what was probably like a serotonin syndrome effect. Oh, okay. Like I started it and it wasn't a crazy high dose. Like I started it five built to 15, taking 15 a day and after several days or a week or so. I just found myself like too floaty feeling and a little disconnected. So, I stopped it. Started again in a slightly lower dose and eventually got to that same place. But, and so I kind of wrote it off, but I'm bringing it back in now, taking it intermittently. Okay. So, I've heard that. It will do something to basically, I basically, my respiratory system doesn't always function the way it should. And it can help with re-wiring that. And so, I'll use that in times that I can tell that my breathing isn't as good as it should be. And it can be beneficial in that instance. And I've seen the difference even with small doses. Now, that said one of his big issues was in and I can't quote the research because I, so take this for what it's worth guys. This is me telling you second hand information that I've picked up. That basically our our respiratory system is already wired really well. And if it's already running well, then you don't want to go re-wiring it. So it might not be beneficial for everyone to use everything. You know what I'm saying? A lot of times we're like, hey, I need more mitochondria, I guess. I didn't know that mitochondria was a thing. You know what I mean? So we all like, then what can I do for that? I'll take this in this in this. It's not always a beneficial thing. And I do have more that I want to put together and say about that a little bit more in our prepared fashion. I think there's benefits, but I wouldn't just throw it in. And I, so I guess I'll say echo what you're saying, man, because that's initially what I did. I was like, I'll try it. Give it a fair shake. See what happens across the board. And now I'm doing it in a more controlled fashion. And I am seeing great benefit, but it's also something that I'm not doing every day. Yeah. And then that was part of the reason that I wanted to stay away from because the new was a possibility that I might respond well to it for a couple weeks and then not. Yeah. And that wasn't something that I was in a position at that point going into a prep that I wanted to do with. Stuff on in the livestream says, I used mentally and blue for the last 36 weeks in one of my body building contest on Saturday. Dude, congratulations, man. He says, everyone reacts differently. Some people get overwhelming anxiety. Even, even energy and other wanted unwanted side effects. So, you know, that's interesting, man. All right. I want to just look over at Patreon really quick just to see if we had something else here. See if we can refer this one from Casey said, what are some meal tips for an airport key ask? Like, good luck. Dude, I got some fish and chips from the airport yesterday in Seattle. It was so good. It's dependent on where you are. I've had really good barbecue in North Carolina too. I don't think we're talking diet food though, are we? This is like body building anymore. Is it fish and chips? Yeah. Now they do have, which I think is kind of cool. A lot of the major airports now have this, I don't know, just group the name. But they're, they're wood vending machines. Okay. It have everything from organic sandwiches to, I said, Sam, sandwiched sandwiches. Samages. It's not, it's not. Why, why how do you, library? Yeah, sandwiches at that library. I picked the library as well for tree. But yogurt type, you know, kind of healthier type. I want to say it's like farmland or it's something like that. But, and they're, you know, they're refrigerated and everything. But even then, it's something that is a bodybuilder you're going to get, it may get you through. Yeah. But good luck finding them. And the cool thing is, is they're typically at the gates. Oh, so that's kind of nice because a lot of times when she gets to the gates, you've passed all the opportunities to get, you know, really good food. But the only thing you can get is I call it my wife's meal. Yeah. Liquid meal. You can get really good alcohol. It's our butt. I think she likes her butt. Because it's in better excuse to drink and not have me busker balls about it. But food is tough. Yeah. It's for convenience. It's for practicality. It's certainly not for health. Oh. So this trip that we just took skip. I prepared and brought food with me for the first half. I didn't plan on doing it for the whole time, you know? And I knew we were going to be going out to eat some. So, but I did, and I felt good about that, man. I just can't go to like complete chaos. So I mean, my thought is is just bring your food. If you bring your food, then you don't have to worry about it. It's not going to be like the best, most delicious gourmet thing. In fact, it's going to be cold or even room temperature. But I'll eat it. And then I'm not hungry anymore. So I'm done. You know, I'm back to, you know, the rest of my life. I'd say this too is freeze your meals ahead of time. Like two, three days in advance. If you take that chicken in meal and rice and you put that in the freezer the night before your flight, it'll be cold. And it will be frozen the next day. But it's not going to be like rock frozen. It will freeze that for like three days. It's going to be a rock, you know. And that's going to probably take you put that in like a backpack several meals. They're going to take all day for that to thought out, you know. You know, and people will sometimes say, well, you know, I don't want to take my meals and for that's a listen. If it's just being in silence as I can be, if you want to be successful, it's a bodybuilder. And you're not structured and you're not regimented and understand that that's part of the game. And then you're just not going to be very good at this endeavor. You don't have to be if you don't want to travel with food and that's fine. But there's really not much excuse outside of airports to travel and not have access to good food. Because you can go to any middle of the road or higher restaurant. And they will make you plain chicken breasts and vegetables. Yeah. So when you say or client says to me, well, you know, is it this restaurant? And I didn't have any choice. No, you did. You just decided to be normal like everybody else because you didn't want to explain it or you wanted to be part of the group. There's nothing wrong with that. Yeah, but at least own it because there are way too many options for you to still eat well. You just didn't want to. Yeah, I can't argue with any of that, man. Guys, we appreciate you tuning in. Go to teamskip.com. Reach out to skip over there. Unless it always not here, go to bodybary.com to reach out to Andrew for coaching. You can hit me up. Agnally dies at Gmail.com. And of course, thank you to Trinutrition.com. User code think over there. Saltilament source.ca for Canadians. They have great deals of change week to week. Patreon. Guys, let's put a new thread up over at Patreon and get some more questions going. Guys, if you are this far into the show and you haven't subscribed, then you probably should. Because if you're this far and you enjoyed it, right? Or at least it passed your time. We appreciate having you guys here. And of course, if you haven't hit the like button, man, that helps us out a freaking ton. So please hit the like button. Leave us a comment, comment with questions for the next show. And for another episode of Blood Sweat and Gear Guys, we will see you soon. Thanks, Gap.