I didn't get into bodybuilding at pickup checks. I was very clear and you know, not in a single, not a single woman that I've been with. Everybody welcome to It's Just Bodybuilding. Big round part of here with Dusty Han Shah and the producer Scott McNally. Remember to like, share, subscribe, comment, and ring the bell. The bell through the bell out. Excellent job. Just House. Remember, I am mutant.com mutant proud hardcore sponsor of the show, born hardcore. I am mutant.com 20% off with Dusty 20 or Big Ron 20. Use either one. The Patreon. Keep a producer home. Think big Patreon. Thank you. And you can use either code for mutant. And you get your ISO surge and then you get your all in and then everyone should get on a gear. Okay guys, how to not be a psycho? Wall and prep. Wall and lead was not to be a psycho. How did that be a psycho? Period. Maybe it was out of you thing that to you and that went. Yeah. How to not be a psycho. dot dot dot. Wall and prep. Okay. So what where are we starting with this one? What are we talking about Dusty? What are we actually talking about? The main topic kind of arises just going back and forth and conversation with you yesterday with how sometimes clients who are very good will make their perhaps more difficult by overanalyzing thinking, worrying, on and on and on. And it's one of the areas that I hate as a coach because I try to respond back to them explain that if you're a psycho, if you're stressing, if you're creating cortisol, you're creating something I can't beat with the diet. You know what I mean? Versus your clients who are just comfortable executing and they just kind of cruise along and you'll watch their changes as we discussed is like they're just rapid because there's no chaos within them. So you know that's an interesting topic because I don't think people realize how much damage they're doing to themselves because they're doing all the work. They're doing all the stuff they're supposed to do but that mental battle is a mess and I know we've all dealt with it. So you know kind of hearing your guys just takes on that and in any advice you have for people that might start to realize their struggling with it. Well, I think people have to start with the understanding that first of all this isn't supposed to be an absolutely miserable experience. Right? And that's a big part of why some people have miserable preps is because the chaos in their mind. And you have to also make sure the understand that we don't want to you know, a bunch of science to back it up but your your mental environment affects your body in a lot of ways. You know you're sleep free, everything from your sleep quality to your digestion to you know which of course then you're just cascading effects from there. So you have to take responsibility for the environment that you give your coach to work with is how I like to to put it. You know like I think a small part of this and I'm not I don't want to harp on this stuff. I think it's magnified by Instagram so it's artificially we can turn officially a problem. But I know that there are some people that still kind of expect their coach to fix every single problem. You know they're like oh I hired that coach and I don't know. He didn't get me in shape. And then you know they work with another coach and then you know whatever happens and you talk to that person they're like yeah that guy is mine. It's just he's just all over the map he's just chaos he's like you know got all this crap going on with his relationships and he's you know he's got this terrible body dysmorphia that he always sexy looks you know fatter than earth or rip more rip than he is and there's all this stuff going on and you're like oh okay you know so like you have to reign all that in and make sure that you've got a calm environment that you're gonna put your prep on you know like it's the foundation of the prep is you know where where's your starting point here you know right do you think that sometimes although I always prep to win always every show I ever did even in the beginning because I thought it was the only way to bring the best out of you but I also think that you can get two focused on that result versus just the execution day and an out you know like I always found I had my best results when I was in the moment and really just soaking up what needed to be done you know I found it was easier when I was really busy when business when I had the businesses and everything I didn't really have time to think about what I was doing I just read the plan from Chris got the food together ate the food did the train don't they sent me did the cardio went to bed you know and there really wasn't even it wasn't even time to look at my pictures I remember I would look at them to make sure I was where I was supposed to be and then I would send them to Chris walking to the car send the email drive home and get my day started and then like an hour later you know before I walked out the door check it just to make sure there's no changes but I never analyzed the photo because I was like well that's what I'm paying him for yeah I brought him in so I wouldn't think because if I'm gonna do this myself I mean I'm capable but then I want to think and that's that's that hired him so I wouldn't you know what I'm saying and I feel like that's an area people can look at plus when we talk about the chaos in your head I think you also have to factor and that if you're if you have chaos in your head that your coach is helping you with and you know that's our job so if you bring it to us we got to figure it out but it's not your significant others job so you're bringing that chaos most likely into your life and then you're wondering why I'm I've heard this many many times oh my wife doesn't support this or my husband doesn't support this and it might be true but it also could be because you suck to live with during a prep yeah that's very possible yeah you know because I've I've been literally lived with four people while prepping and no one had an issue with me prepping I never got a single complaint that's about prepping yeah which tells me that my prep was my prep it wasn't theirs but I was didn't care I mean you know yesterday I post up the picture we left the gym we went to the store and while we were getting food I was like you know I want to pizza after I trained Nicky ordered it we went home I ate it whilst you were sitting right next to me this is her prep I want pizza right right yeah yeah like it shouldn't care it shouldn't care you know but you do hear that like oh my husband he had the nerve to bring home whatever and eat it and I'm like he's not dieting yeah yeah yeah yeah I know just be normal I got a few thoughts I got a few thoughts on this one because I kind of was I put in a list together in my head here so I think that there's a few different types of psychos and I feel like I've fallen into every single category accidentally at one time or another there's first there's just like the all around person who's just got like there it's just the way they live their life there's there's some sort of drama we could call it like the Kai Green Psycho okay that like Kai had to always overcome something like it couldn't be easy you know what I mean right I remember Dave Pulumbo having an interesting observation about him and I've seen it and other people he couldn't just like go into the show and just do his best he had to like overcome great adversity to to be able to to to feel like he deserved to compete you know and I mean and so they're had to be some sort of drama in there for him to overcome it couldn't just be smooth and then there's the the relationship psycho where like hey I'm actually a pretty level headed guy but I'm in a relationship with a crazy girl and she drives me nuts but right the more I think about it and that that leads to all sorts of problems like oh man we had a big fight last night dusty and I went off playing after word and it was a wreck man I or I slept at my body's house I'm sorry man I didn't get my check into you today but then if I think about it further I feel like that still ties into the first one because you brought that into your life you know what I mean so there's that and then then the other version this guy throws me for a loop sometimes he's the guy who isn't a psycho all through the prep and then we get about three weeks out and he starts to get nervous and then he says to me hey by the way I can't figure out you know first of all why his pictures are looking like garbage you know all of a sudden they look like trash and I say god I don't you know you look different you lost four pounds in your super flat oh yeah I don't know man I didn't get enough sleep last night I don't know what it was I'm like okay well bunchy check into Maro and we do this for like we do this dance for like six days and then he tells me I did cut out all my sodium because I read it was a good idea that when you're coming into the you know they think and then you're like wait wait you did what yeah what six days ago I said it fell apart yeah yeah I cut all my sodium out because I read it was a good idea and I talked to this guy at the gym who said you really want to be eaten low sodium going into the show so I made I did that I don't know if that has anything to do with it no so you you do get people like that too and I think that yeah you just you got to step back and recognize that it's all kind of be alright you just need to listen to your coach and if you're working with one of us like how many I can't even count how many shows I've worked with people four you know what I mean it's like we've seen this before never kept track I I see you know you see people that have kept track so they're like 600 wins you know 200 first like and all and you know you know 23 pro cards and I was like I remember I mean clients I've had I don't know all you know is wrongs and when you get to be a lipy a coach you don't have to keep track anymore oh yeah million I think I just I think I should have had more training pictures you know yeah yeah yeah I think that the the the big take on that that I think people should consider is are you enjoying your prep yeah because if you're if there's chaos if you really think about you will say you're not and I think you got to make a decision either stop prepping because this isn't for you even if you're a great athlete this might not be for you or ask yourself okay what is it that's taking away the enjoyment because it's not the cardio it's not the lifting it's not the diet these are all the things that we want so what is it and and a lot of times you're probably gonna find out that it's either something you're creating or something you're creating in your mind and you should let go of you know I think that that is the biggest thing when I look back I loved every prep I ever did like I enjoyed the process of the preps and the only prep that didn't go well was when I created chaos in my life and I did everything that I always did I mean execution was perfect I probably talked about this on the show before but I remember it was like the night before national's 2012 and I'm taking pictures in a hotel room and I'm like the lighting's not good here the lighting's not good here I couldn't find good lighting and it was because I didn't look good there was no lighting that was going to make me look good because I look like blank you know and looking back it was so funny because I was like well I created hell in my own life and then thought it wasn't gonna have an effect so if it is you know and that was I always like to point out for my case it was my fault the chaos I created it but whether you did or did not it might be a good time to either remove the chaos if you can and if you can't pick it up from show it's not going to go well yeah you know you just won't so yeah I just think it's important it's funny but living here in a town where there's less body building I'm getting a lot more feedback on prep like people are watching niki's prep versus prep they've experienced or prep type scene in the gym and they have a lot to say because they've never seen a prep that A the athlete appears to be having fun B the changes are ridiculous day to day and so they're almost confused they're like oh I thought prep sucked you know and it's a realization that you know they just don't see that what you have is someone who's very grateful to be in the position and just enjoying it yeah and you guys said it well too right she started early you know she's taking her time which is also part of getting because she wants to yeah like like there's no there's literally and I could say this is then say the house is she has no connection to the outcome at all she doesn't even like she's doing a pro qualifier as a second show because chance rather won't be a ton of competition at the first show and she wants to compete with good girls yeah but there's literally no connection to the outcome and you know if she won the whole thing that'd be great if she took second and was one point away from a pro card it wouldn't necessarily ignite a need to do another show like she just wants to do these shows right and I wanted to hear the other person we don't know that you won't compete again but you do know that you don't care like it's it's it's not a hunt for a pro card it's uh I want to do this one more time um I think that's allowed it to be really enjoyable um and that's an area that I just think more people should focus on like when I look back and I know Ron you feel the same way it took four years uh from my first national level show to turn pro and I loved all of them like I was trying to win and there was definitely disappointment when I didn't win but looking back I'm so glad I didn't win my second one for for many many reasons but you know I really want people to connect to that it's so easy looking back like I'm sure you were on a minute with all of yours like what a career to look back on I mean I wouldn't you know I talked about how I wouldn't change anything yeah I mean I enjoyed every prep too I mean some more than others obviously but that that that usually had more to do with like you know how bad the carbs and cardio got it it it it wasn't really like I don't think other than one or two like I did 24 shows and I think I maybe had life drama happening twice so that's a pretty good person that's like a really good percentage of being relatively stable you know stable as a look at me you know like my finances were all stay I you know if I was broke I was broke but I managed like I remember being super broke going to college but I knew how much and I was budgeted and I was making it every week you know like tight and had no money but it wasn't a stress because I was good I was managing I was in the groove I was rolling you know and so I think only two of my perhaps I had anything going on and they were really difficult they were really difficult those are like the two hardest perhaps I can take off you know so you know I do in yourself any favors you know and one of those gears was my worst you know not hurt and you know getting hurt in the jam twice during prep you can't tell me that's not related to being distracted you know they're not focused on what you're doing making bad decisions while you're training you know chaos in your brain you know and it's I just everything comes back to where everything comes back to your perception of where you're at in life and what's going on like how you view the world how you see the world how you see every problem like you know I was talking to someone the other day and you know ever the just the five minutes of just nonstop complaining and I just couldn't wait for it to end I can't believe this person is still complaining and like I tried to change a subject a couple times and they just went back to complaining and I was like oh my god I just I just I just got to get out of here you know right yeah and I love that your grade was like what is happening yeah and and you know that that you know where you're at like how you feel about what's going on in the world man that's your that's that's your worldview and your picture perhaps massively so try to get yourself into a good spot you know you remind me of something because Chris had shared with me a a a check-in with someone at one point you blocked off the name but he was showing me a comparison my check-in to theirs and it was a full breakdown of of why his pictures were late and he got a flat tire and on it was like a really long thing and and I read the whole thing and I was like that's crazy because yeah Chris because you I didn't read that I just you know and it was funny because during that prep and and I told him this after the back and forth I got an abscess tooth during the prep I mean my mouth I was like what's going on so I made an appointment for a dentist that go in he goes you got an abscess tooth he's like all right here's our options and they they involved like time that didn't have yeah and I was like well can you just pull it out and he was like ha ha ha can you and he was like yeah but you'll need a tooth I go but will it be okay for like two months out and he's like we're gonna pull it out and he ain't the tooth out fix it up I had to alter like something I couldn't train for a couple hours just whatever it was it's true on that side you know so he he pulled it out and it was funny because I went throughout the day and I did my day to day and I got home later and after the gym and whatnot and my wife the time goes hey whatever happened to the dentist I go yeah I get to pull out my tooth and she was what and I was like yeah I had to pull it we're gonna have to put it in later a couple months or something and it just hit me in that moment that I didn't tell Chris I didn't tell her it was like cool so I can eat again in an hour yeah yeah that side and I'm like okay cool let's go let's move on and I know a lot of people that would have caused chaos and to me it would have left I was like oh sweet so this isn't a problem then it's gonna stop hurting yeah yeah the pain will go away and I can eat awesome thank you for the great news doc 600 bucks done yank it let's move on you know yeah I think that that again like you said Ron's how you choose to look at it I could have been a whole mountain oh god all these you know issues and it's like no I had an issue and then I got a solution and now it is over and after the show I will get a bone graph whatever thing put a poster and give me a fake tooth thanks right so it's pretty easy can can you think of that's a great incident that you know your mental attitude you know what I mean and I sort of reminded me of when I tore my quad I I remember like I kind of remember when I that's like first tore it like I was laying on the ground and I remember my quad was torn I was right there guys were around I kind of remember knowing that I had to make a decision like this can either be like a tragedy or I can just go Kate what do we do let's go at that moment like that moment yeah like you know what I mean like like you know because I and I'm also I think that comes because I'm a big believer in like compounding the use of like the later you make a decision the less benefit you get from it yeah yeah you know like if like the quicker you can make a decision and get your mind right the the better everything's gonna be right and I remember being like like this is my reality so I can either be like super positive and like hey Doc what's up let's get this leg you know what I mean yeah or I can be like oh my god oh my god you know like that's sort of thing and I remember like being at the hospital cracking jokes with the nurses like Emily showed up because like you know you guys called her so she like you know the hospital and she's like oh my god and I'm sitting there and I'm like hey babe turn my quad you know what I mean what I just started before that Ron because I don't know if I didn't know this in Canada but you get in faster according to what Ron told me in that moment if an ambulance takes you so Ron was like oh call the ambulance I was like what and he goes well just it'll get me scene quicker like so he already had a plan like laying there it's like he could have we could have got him to a car but his brain immediately was like what makes this work fastest yeah and it was getting an ambulance that gets me in quicker it wasn't about the ambulance it's just literally we'll get me seen faster yeah and that was the beginning of the process it was like I have a strategy to get this done as soon as possible and I remember going good thinking you know love me because maybe that maybe that took an hour or two off of being seen yeah you know and yeah and it maybe I would have got a different doctor and the doctor I got was awesome and you know and I mean like so I don't know I'm just a little bit of a moment of like oh my god this is so terrible it was like okay here's what we have to do and and that's I do think that that's how most successful people operate because it doesn't matter like your feelings about what just happened don't matter and I I say all the time on my friend's season because I always say your feelings don't matter but they don't like the universe does not care if you think this is unfair or sad or inconvenient or whatever it is and and I feel like that's a lost thing it's something I work up from a coma I was like well I guess I gotta learn how to walk again let's get this going yeah I I remember the day I went for surgery it was three days later they called me and so 72 hours I went in for my surgery and I remember they were wheeling me to the you know the surgery room and it was the surgeon and his assistant this like resident surgeon right and I remember the resident surgeon said he goes I have never seen like he said to me right when we are done talking he goes I've never seen anybody this excited about surgery he's like because I was like pumped was like I was going to a fucking metallic concert I was like I was like okay let's go let's go here we go like I know it's like right and joke super alert and and he was like you are like hyped for this and I was like yes this is like start the clock he was like okay you know like he was just like completely blown away but I was like really excited about it like like doctor comes and you know normal people probably don't want to hear anything and and I go okay so what do we do like are you like is there gonna be any metal in there like how much ropes going in there like I was asking those questions and he was just like he walked out and goes like oh yeah that's amazing that's good stuff okay well what's what's wrong with that a long everyone but I I thought it was a needed thing and then run like so I guess what's the bottom plan how to be and how to not be a psycho just try to calm yourself down and don't overthink and just I think the biggest thing is is execute every day if your plan is right and you focus on the execution the result will take care of itself yeah or is the Canadians would say calm your tits calm your tits that's a Canadian when right run yeah I don't I don't say but yeah that might be a Canadian one I think it is I think it is good about that yeah let's take credit if not we're corrected in the comments so I don't think it's still it's still nothing beats the the British with piece of piss yeah oh nothing beats that that's still the best okay listener questions and stuff yeah yeah yeah we had that list I know dusty had that list too yeah I've got one here here's a patreon one okay and he says yes he says so he's a lifestyle client and he says you know he knows that a lot of us work that that we work with a lot of lifestyle clients and on competitors he said that's what he is he says um what are the biggest mistakes that you typically see lifestyle clients make and especially the mistakes that they don't even realize they're making oh I got some great ones yes here here one years I got to start with one of the worst ones but what it is is is the the lack of knowledge and that's it's a coaches job to kind of keep an eye on things again but of understanding what are in different foods so for example a soft one that happened the other week I'm gonna lead with she's a great client but she was thinking ahead how to trip and decided to get kale salads to replace her greens which was fine um the downside was my first thought was what's in that besides kale yeah so I do a quick search and it really wasn't that bad and in this case it worked out because she was very active but I just pointed out to us and hey I really wanted to be mindful of those things because a quick Google search on Chick-fil-A's website told me how many calories each one of those what is versus you just eating your normal greens and as a lifestyle person the reason I bring this up is because that's not a bad decision as long as you know you're making it so I got told I go I'm not really against us you're gonna be moving so much it doesn't matter but I just want you thinking in the future if you are not gonna be moving a ton that's not a great trade for green beans so when she came back she lost weight because she was burning calories like crazy running all over the place yeah but now she's like cool the kale we found good information the kale worked better and now we're using our own controlled kale as as a as a green but a but a funny example which actually was my mother so I can I can give her this one um I had her on a diet and I had her eating a certain amount of potatoes and I'm over to house one day and her boyfriend is making her food and I'm sitting there and he puts it in front of her and I look down and I go what the is this and I'm looking at her potatoes and he goes those are potatoes I go those are tater tots like like fried like fried weight out frozen fried tater tots oh man put him in front of her and I was like yeah I think I was like in the in the reason it was so like it broke my brain was I realized that had he fried them he would have not done it had I suggested french fries he would have said that's ridiculous but because they were at Costco and their potatoes and they're frozen it was easier yeah and it just it really helped me as a coach realized like oh I gotta be real cautious because like he didn't in no idea how ridiculously stupid that was yeah yeah so yeah that was my favorite ever I mean I was trying so hard to not react terribly because I'm like I think I know why we've stalled on our chain I've got a similar one I've got a similar one to that dusty and this was like 2000 and fifth 13 probably somewhere in there and I still remember this guy to this day I'm going to call you out Zach if you're watching us first he's a good friend of mine too and we actually started working together again just recently I just like stuff yeah he was competing at the time and he he I was suddenly like we weren't seeing the progress we wanted and I can't remember the scenario but we were getting closer to a show and I said you know well I gave him the option too I said you could use a cup of rice or eight ounces of sweet potatoes okay and and this is for a few different meals and we're I'm breaking it down with them like so what are you doing with your rice okay how you cooking it how you measuring it and he said something about the sweet potatoes and eventually somehow I figured out every time he ate sweet potatoes he was using bruises candied yams which was a canned sweet potato and it had like 70 grams of sugar per serving you know yeah and he was like yeah so every time I choose fish I need fish I use the sweet potatoes with that so I'm eating sweet potatoes like two times a day and we dug in deep it was as it was his girlfriend at the time she was like should that be eating candy yams because she saw him doing it and so yeah we we pulled the candy yams out we went back to regular sweet potatoes and oh my god did that make all the difference in the world to get that 140 grams of sugar per day yeah yes help that cut his carbs and that so we literally just started working together again like three weeks ago and when I wrote his diet out there was a spot where I said sweet potatoes and I didn't say anything to him yeah I put it in parentheses I said not Bruce's candy yams it just sent that to him that's amazing oh wow that's great yeah oh man those are good but but I do think it's important on the question so as a lifestyle to better ask you know because and that's the credit I give is like you know I love one a good client like when I listed sends me something because I'm like this is you know I literally said like number one it's perfect for what you're doing so we're all good but I love that it it creates a learning experience that as a coach I think sometimes we have to be mindful of the fact that common knowledge as a 20 year coach is not common knowledge yeah I really important that we do that that we think and and our smarter because it's not a dumb mistake it's literally they're they're making good decisions just not knowing oh I've had it go the other way too where you feel bad because someone did an entire prep thinking something that you're like oh I didn't realize I haven't seasoned and chicken breast for a month yeah yeah like like you know just so like I mean one is the diet soda thing like I've had people like oh like I remember one guy I said hey after pre judging why don't you have a have like a a die coca or something pretty nice cold die coca after pre judging you know and just you know chill out for a bit and just you know okay and he's drinking it and he goes this is so good I'm like yeah they taste pretty good you know day to show in here thirsty and he's like yeah I just have been wanting one for months and I was like you didn't you didn't drink it he's doing your prep and he's like I'm not allowed to drink these am I you're just you're gonna pull up without a diet drink at all and he's like I didn't drink nothing but water man for like 60s of a sheen yeah this is the machine he's like I didn't want to put that stuff in my body I didn't think I'd be allowed to have it yeah I just didn't think he'd let me have die coca and and crystal lighten and he realized that he just he's watching my videos of gallons going down is like what an idiot I just I just was like I don't know how it escaped them it just kind of escaped them you know it's just like certain things it's you just oh I didn't know that you know it's not that was sliced to that guy was because I know he in every way if you didn't even pretty good as she and he was nasty he actually had his legs were really ripped he had great legs yeah who the funny but I was like yeah you could have a few diet coax I think maybe I told you could have snuck a few in you know next time if you don't look like break it to him you don't want to actually really want to you you know maybe they will see how you look tonight and we'll use that information for next year's prep maybe we can have yeah a little more oh man that's amazing oh wow that's good stuff good stuff oh yes there's the main ones I get think of and then one more thing's got on that yeah that just I just actually literally I was late calling you guys because I message the girl from our gym for this and she's actually a trainer but she's getting ready for a show and and this is for competitors or non but I don't think people realize that cranking up the incline and then holding on and leaning back to take it's a way the incline yep so I just like to say on when you're doing your cardio on a treadmill don't touch it there's a reason that you want to touch it because it makes it easier yeah so and and you really are hurting yourself it's so I hate sending those messages because I literally I I actually text John that's the GM of the GM I said hey this lady I don't know her is she cool because I want to tell this but I don't want to think I'm like an ass but I also am an ass if I don't tell her while she's in prep so I like sent that awkward DM or I'm like hey you might not care and you might want to tell me to leave you alone but I have to tell you that you know because she was just one set one to like I walked by a few times the last few weeks where she's either holding the front of it yep or locked elbows on the sides and I'm like oh you're doing all that work and you're going to have to do more than you have to do time wise if you just let go same with like a long laying over the stepper you know they carry a bone in length balance only balance only your hands can be on their lightly for balance that's it yeah always if I can see your triceps because you're locked down on it right yeah no bueno no bueno I don't lie a little bit of that tension a little bit of that tension on each step I'm a little bit of a rhythm to it though you know yeah yeah my rhythm is just a walk past that and get on a treadmill um yeah yeah and I do like ten more sets of squats and then not do the stepper please oh I will squat faster is that a thing yeah we got a squat real fast let's see how about this one he says uh uh coach of mine told me and this is also from patreon he says coach of mine told me about Soviet era training um he says in which apparently athletes would never know how much weight or reps they were going to do the coach would load the weight and then instruct them to push until they can't and then do three more do you guys think there's a difference um uh between using training intensity to drive weights and reps as opposed to traditional methods of using weight and reps to drive intensity you think the the with there be any advantage to this or disadvantage yes the advantage the the advantage is simple to me and it's impossible to do for yourself but if you watch sometimes you'll watch videos you'll tell a client like in an intense client some of you who works hard you'll say are were shooting for 12 to 15 and right around 11 it gets really really hard but at 10 it was effortless or you know point being is there is a point where they know where their line is and sometimes they'll feed it you know uh or they'll stop at 15 because they got 15 and the the set was 12 to 15 uh there's something to be said for one more I used to love that when I trained with Chris Cormere he would do that I wouldn't know how many we were doing and I'd start going and he'd be like three more and I do two more and he'd go three more and I do two and he'd be like four more and I started to realize two things number one he can't count number two it doesn't matter so I literally just would go and the workouts were nasty because the number did not matter and I understood what he was doing he thought when he said three more the first time that was all I had and then I'd get two more and he was very clear that there was more in the tank and and I did have phenomenal workouts because of that and I think I learned to ignore my own line there and I think people need to really consider that so the advantage I wouldn't want to not know the weight because the weight is important like you know I have an idea of I want to know what I'm about to lift off all right that part is important to me like I can't imagine lifting off and it being 455 or it being 225 yeah and not only that I've had a initial shock yeah you know because yeah it's important I mean you anybody who's ever stepped off the rack with like 600 pounds on a squat like you want to know it's 600 pounds before you lift up and take that first step it kind of allows you to get amped for that step back like oh right that's that's an important part of the exercise is stepping it off the rack you know I I guess I understand like they're hoping that the mental they're hoping that it's a positive a net positive on like the mentality I guess is that what they're doing but I'm just wondering if it would be a net positive you know I'm I mean I I remember hearing that there were there there was a Russian weight lifter who was going for his gold medal and the it was like do we go for the gold medal or do we go for the gold medal and the world record right and he was like well let's go for the gold medal but the coach was like it's go for the world record put another like two pounds on or whatever and then they like got it and then he told him after he's like we went up and he's like oh I remember hearing that story but you know that's that's yeah brief benefit and I think we talked about that I did that to my training partner month or so ago I just added a plate that he didn't know I put on because yeah yeah stuff like that yeah but he was prepared for it to be really heavy and it was really heavy it was just a little really heavier than he knew yeah he was actually different than like to be completely not knowing yeah like could you imagine if I was just like you know me as your backspotter and two guys lifted the bar off on like an incline bench and then let go all you were just handed it to you and you're like oh and you got done I was like yeah that was 520 you're something I would have like known before I felt it bust my elbows out yeah that's that's an interesting thing that's guy like that all right how about this one Chris Bumstedt says uh let's see what mr. Olympia from what years passed would C-Bum beat and how far back in time would Chris's physique be the winner of the Olympia and we're talking open body building here first adjustment Chris Bumstedt did not say that okay moving yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah Chris Bumstedt said no Mike Chris Bumstedt had some guy knew no I said it had a question Chris Bumstedt 6479 yeah yeah yeah that says very well I think it would go back to um early Lehanie era before Lehanie that era there he might fit in there I mean before Lehanie we're looking at like you know Dickerson and guys like that which you'll Chris would smoke those guys is a list you know Chris Chris would you know obviously beat dust fringles in there you know he does fringles in Chris Dickerson Franco you know I mean Sergio and Larry would he dust Arnold while I mean by our standards yes you know he would dust Arnold in you relatively every pose development wise conditioning you know does he beat Samir Benu that one year yeah probably it's a Samir was pretty awesome that year though yeah it's um I think what's tricky like you said Ron is like we're mentally bringing our standards to them yeah and you guys are all witnessed this even even at like a local show someone will show up say not body to him like figure where she's nuts and you're like okay she's either winning the entire show or she's getting fourth right right like you know what I mean and and us as people who are thinking like pros or like top level national thinks she should win but there are those cases where it's like she's the odd man out she's too hard maybe not now but maybe like five or six years ago it was like oh they had a this gray area where they were supposed to be um because yeah if you ask me the him versus Arnold I'm like oh Chris wins every single time because he's because my brain is on today standards and he has the same classic shape but it's better you know I mean you know I'm going to get this guy to let you out so here we go you know yeah yeah yeah yeah I think Chris Bum said has enough fans that I can actually say something against Arnold and not be a tech yeah yeah like conditioning wasn't as important then legs weren't as important then you know yeah but still you know his physique beats them yeah yeah good question all right what else do we hit you guys see did you guys see that Bum said was on Jordan Peterson's podcast I didn't see it but I heard he was yeah do you check the live I've listened to most of it I'm almost the whole way through I've got like five minutes left how wasn't even I know the answer but I was it interesting well it's good it's not and it's not as much of an interview it's it's almost like like Jordan probably talks for half of it like there's a bunch of periods where Jordan talks like 10 minutes straight but it's almost like you're not watching an interview with Chris you're watching Jordan give Chris a two hour session really so like you know they're talking about like some pretty deep stuff and Chris is like you know he'll ask Chris a question and Chris will go on for like five minutes and then Jordan will take that and run with it for like five ten minutes but you'll see that Chris is like really like he's listening and like taking it in and you know it's pretty interesting you know some people don't like J.P.s cadence and you know his wordsmithing and how you know academic he speaks but I think the general it was good to see Jordan kind of develop a respect for Bum's stead over the course of the interview like it's like he really was you could see everyone's so well Jordan would like look down and write something like take notes on something Bum's didn't said and there was a few periods of time where Chris was talking about like you know his mindset going into the Olympia and being present and you know how he looks at you know opportunity and stuff and you could see Jordan would go hmm and like look down and make notes and you're like oh he found that interesting yeah so Chris really came across as like you know Chris I'm going to see J.P. in May. No kidding I'm so dumb run I mean on so many levels but on this specific one I didn't know that you could like go watch him I'm like a fan that watch all this stuff and a friend of mine was like oh I'm going to see him on Monday and I was like what and she was I've seen him twice and I was like yeah he's like a comedian she goes yeah same thing I am a comedian she's done tool right now I'm telling Nicky the story and of course what happens when you tell Nicky anything she just does it oh sure okay let's go I should have kept up a dire yeah still I'm like oh sweet married it's a liar I did I saw it it was a it was a few years ago before covid it was Jordan Peter said the debating stand on Harris what's that you can say that word it's like fuck but worse oh yeah okay it's got it was J.P. in need debated Sam Harris and they had Brett Weinstein as the moderator and at the time I was into some some topics that all three were heavily discussing so I got tickets for the friend we went down and we watched it theater was packed like huge line up outside theater was packed crowd was crazy when J.P. came on stage they erupted like he was a rock star when Sam Harris came on stage they erupted like he was a rock star for at Weinstein come on stage they erupted like the crowd was just awesome like and then they had this debate which was really interesting you know I I I I cited with Sam through most of the debate but I really wanted to hear Jordan's take and I respect his take they kind of were talking about religion and that's kind of one of the things I depart from J.P. on because he's you know a bit but he's a pretty religious guy at the root right so I don't really share that with him but so in this particular debate I was citing with Sam mostly but man was it interesting and just how nice the crowd was and how friendly everyone was like when you're all like going into the theater everyone's like hi how's it going could you I'm excited like was really crazy vibe not like a material concert yeah yeah yeah and and then I remember there were like protesters out front was like really god yeah we were leaving the show and they were like protesters like down with J.P. you know they were just upset about something I don't know so I was funny Ron is I'm hit this one I'm going to is based in religion and that's why I mentioned to go because I don't do religion right I like that like it's funny but I I'm a contrary to most of the world now like I want to hear what you think when I think right you know because like you know where it comes from and and allow it to alter or let my brain go where it goes with information but it's it's funny because I remember when Nikki read the title of it I don't remember she read it she was going to go actually did the pause for me and I was like right yeah I want to see you know I mean I I like listening to a lot of it stuff you know not everything sometimes a little too you know I don't watch like an hour long seminar on you know marriage strategy I'm not gonna you know I'm gonna let you know I'm gonna let you know I'm gonna let you know I'm gonna ask all the others yeah yeah but that's it's cool to go watch interesting speakers have you guys ever seen Henry Rollins never in person I've heard about it yeah a bunch of times yeah he was cool I went saw him do a spoken word tours a few times yeah he's just basically I just tell crazy stories right because he's got so many crazy stories so he's just storyteller but yeah yeah he was awesome so that sort of thing could be a lot of fun sometimes I want Ron to start doing these because he's a storyteller and I would actually attend and pet go I think we'd find a few people here that listen to go that we don't go absolutely I just load him up with topics maybe piss him off and then let him roll yeah it sounds familiar I feel like that you may have done that before I don't need to leave a house to do that ballad point I'm just just just thoughts instead of spending money you could make money ah there you go guys I gotta know I got a few here we need to rapid fire through the people have their questions we got to answer so question for the next podcast you guys consider taking TRT prescribed by your doctor the same as someone on gear he said I have to use the word because he said it or taking is it like gear or taking roads I hate that word that's the worst word ever can we not use that word just the word roids it's just a terrible word yeah roids is so like uh it's like kind of negative negative early 90s it is it's a good early 90s slur it is it's not it's a really guys you know roid heads yeah ties in what was the question again so are you are you on gear are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you on roids or on if you're okay so so technically for it to be exactly the same you'd have to get your test levels checked you know and find out exactly where they are and then you'd have to like let's say they come back mid range and then you you you you go on TRT but you just taken after TRT that your test levels just stay in mid range so you essentially shut your system down, but then just replace it with exactly where you were. That's natural. Anything above that is slightly augmented for sure. Not natural anymore. Like TRT is not natural, because natural is getting old and dying. Right? Yeah. Natural. Natural is like that's natural. Everything getting worse and worse every day until the very end. That's natural. Right? So as soon as you start suspending that process or delaying it at all, you can't say you're natural anymore. I do believe there is like it's not black or white. It's not like your juice or your nitty. No, there is a there is a different zone and it's augmented. It's optimized. We use these optimists. Yeah. I don't know. That's a good one. Read 100%. I don't want to extend our rapid fire. All right. So I'm just going to say, greet on a person. All right. How about this one, then guys? Okay. Have any of you experimented with intermittent fasting for a diet to shed body fat? Or is it just a dangerous tool that's a last resort? Dangerous meaning fear of losing muscle mass? So I have I toyed with I didn't do intermittent fasting ever, but I have toyed with like not eating for longer periods of time after I get up. And um, um, you know, because I figure, okay, why do people do fast cardio? This was my experiment. I was like people do fast cardio because, you know, they're burning calories while they're in an unfed state and all the kind of theory behind that. So I remember like one one prep. I was like, you know, I'm just going to like, I was time for an adjustment. I remember I was like, hmm, do I like want my cardio a bit or, you know, what am I going to do? And I was like, I'm just going to move my breakfast back 90 minutes. And I'm going to do all my house chores in the morning. I do all my laundry, you know, cook all my meals, all like do all this stuff. And then I'll eat breakfast at like, like an hour and a half later than normal. And I'm going to start doing that. And I was like, oh, that like, I got leaner because it was just, it was just activity, you know, it was just activity. So, but, but that's the only thing I ever really did with like, you know, extending, you know, that, whether they not eat till 6 p.m. most of them. It all varies. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. This is going to be a long period. Right vegan. Um, yeah. Uh, only thing I did Dante and I, um, to help with digestion and kind of just pulling in my midsection at one point. We would do a one day a week, a long gap. But it was, it wasn't really that difficult because I would eat my last meal a camera the time was like 8 a.m. or 8 p.m. and then go through the whole night. And then I want to say it was like, you know, 10 or noon that I would eat again. And it wasn't very difficult to do once a week. It wasn't really a big deal. I was also on a very high fat low carb diet at the time. Um, so I did notice between those two things, you know, things came down. I, I do find for me if I avoid carbs, my stomach is weight tighter, or was when I was eating a ton now, it doesn't matter. I'm tight all the time. But when I was pushing food, I did notice the difference in that. Um, but I stopped because it didn't, it became one of those things that, you know, raw and mental is all the time where I might say, we're focused on this tiny little thing. And I think there's bigger things that would give me a higher impact like, I don't know, doing transvership, domino training instead. Right. You know, and I think that's we get caught on those things pretty often. It's like, oh, this tiny little thing. It's like, oh, can I suggest you just like lift heavier? Good call. Yeah. Lift heavier. Yeah, that was, that's actually funny. Someone asked, they were showing me. They said, how do I get rid of this belly fat? And I just said, the more you move and the more you lift, the faster that will disappear. Yeah. I said, and they were like, oh, all right. I think it's a push away from the table. Um, yeah. I think this one's from George White here. He says, um, it's from YouTube. So it's not his real name. It's like, geo, geo. Um, right. Question. I, I, I, he says, I haven't, I usually don't have questions. You guys, consolidate 99% of what I already believe, but here's my pathetic attempted a question. What should someone who has trained for 40 years competed for 39 years do now. He says he's still growing and Benchying three plates, but he's about to turn 60 and seven months and it sounds like he's he's going to stop competing. Oh, um, wow. I mean, I don't really tell people what to do. The guy sounds like he's he's, uh, he's got iron in his blood for sure. And, uh, I mean, it's just a healthy man. If you've been competing for 39 years and you're still able to train like that great shape. That a really good job of keeping your body together. You know what I mean? And, um, just focus on that. Like, you know, focus on keeping your body together and just look at, start looking at longevity as your goal because you're so many miles ahead of the average person with like your general fitness and your strength and all this, the, those markers that are supposed to carry you on, you know. So just look at what an advantage you had been to just position you have to focus on maximum number of years now. Because you've got this quality foundation of like this, you know, hopefully really, really good situation that he's in now. Because anyone who's you know, rowing and Benching three plates is like, like, doesn't sound like his shoulders are blowing out or he's got a bad back or anything, you know what I mean? Yeah. So like that's that's incredible. My, my first thought was actually because he didn't mention like changing his training, just sounds like a competition is done. Uh, if you're pushing 60 years old and you've been competing this time, the one thing, uh, my knee jerk, because I know that's what I ran into is you need somewhere to put that competitive nature. I don't know where and it doesn't need to be actual competition. But there needs to be a competition within you somehow because I just can't imagine. And I mean, you got nearly 20 years on me, like I can't imagine that that goes to sleep. If you've been driven to compete at 59 years old, then I think there has to be something that you're doing, um, because you're a strong person and I'm not talking about physically like you enjoy the chase, the hunt, the, you know, the overcoming all, you know, the competition itself. So I think you got to find something in that because I'm a firm believer if those things disappear, you, you die. Like, yeah, you know, I say that all the time, my mother used to talk about retiring and I'm like, that sounds like death. No, yeah. I get on retire. I don't want to slow down and I want to stop thinking reading, training, whatever it is, like you've got to keep moving. So I think if not, you'll find, I would start tinkering around with other things, you know, like Rhonda's like, it was something I really appreciated watching. I was like, okay, he's taken the time that's the bodybuilding has freed up or the focus and saying guitars, bike, all these things that he had, you know, wanted to do maybe, but couldn't. And that altered state allows you to let it go because I think if not, that's where you see people disappear from bodybuilding come back. Yeah, yeah. And also just the risk to reward of the type of training that is required, you know, be big. Like, like, you certainly don't want to be 62 and then start tearing packs and shit, like, like, like, just of, if you haven't done that already, just consider yourself a winner. You survived the mad man. Like, don't challenge yourself. Yeah, don't start tearing shit now. Like, like, reassess where you're at, take really good carry your body. You probably have, if you're hardcore bodybuilder and that's all you've been doing, you probably have some some issues with things not being quite, you know, balanced and operating properly. Like, and you're probably not fully like, bodybuilding all that and you got some problems. Yeah. Yeah. You want to, you want to, you want to, yeah. You're my mentally physical, never mind. Right. Plus, he's only 15 away. He's only 15 years away from having to worry about falling and breaking hips. So he's got to keep a good motor. He should do some athletic stuff. Maybe a little footwork. No, he's getting a growth. He's fine. Yeah. I'm just busing balls. I'm not going to be able to get to all of them. Like, we did get a lot of questions, which you guys are freaking awesome in please for we're getting to where the end. So for our last five, 10 minute crew, I don't know how far we are from the end. I want to say leave us questions for the next show because we're going to need them. Kyle asked us once again. This is from Patreon, though. He says, um, okay. So looking at some IG videos, he says, does he doing JM presses? He sets up backwards on the bench. I'm curious what his reason is for this. We do in JM presses. Are you doing your skull crushers? Yeah. I mean, essentially it's potato batiles. Like, when people say the, uh, you know, RDL versus stiff legs. Okay. I thought a JM press was something different. I thought it was more like, uh, like, it is. It is. It kind of, that's the thing. I mean, it's basically, like, a lot of people say a skull crushers over your head, okay. Standing, you know. So, but you know, he's talking about. So basically JM, JM presses more like hanging more off the bench. No, no, no, it's actually it's actually more like bench press pushing forward. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Okay. But, um, the reason I set up that way is because it's easier for me to get underneath the bar, unracket and not worry about hitting the rack. And I don't need a spot because unraking from overhead and then lifting it out and then doing his means I can't, and then straightening out and then having to like, heave it back if I'm alone. I'm just not comfortable with and I did find that if I, when I got used to just turning around, throwing my ass through the ground, you know, just hanging down there that I never felt like I wanted, like, flip over anything. I felt really stable. It could bounce my feet in. It was just easy to do because I only really have a spot on those. If I want to plan on pushing a couple extra reps, you know, plus I usually just use naked to get more hits on my videos. If I'm being honest. So I'm a marker. Thank you. I was in marketing. I'm like, let me see that video. Yeah. Yeah. I'll slide over the left here. I'm in it too much. You're in it not enough. Um, I've been there. Um, no, but that's, uh, that's why it's just it's super easy to unrake that by myself and go. And I hate unraking even a barbell bench on my own. I'm like, you've been 400 pounds on an incline and you're sitting where I need to sit. That the hardest part is unraking it. Yeah. You know, that's why I'm like, here, do you lift this out over my face and then I'm good to go? It's a bad idea. You don't need to be left in 400 pounds over your face anymore, dusty. Look at this. It was already bad. I don't need to make it worse. All right. What else we got? We all, we got one or two more Scott, we can bank through. Uh, we did have a couple. I wanted to ask you guys from kind of get he he asked, uh, are you guys excited or anyone stoked for Deadpool versus Wolverine? I don't know if you guys follow that stuff. Don't care. No, all right. No, all right. No. I got another one. Funny. We'll go straight into another one and shout out to you, kind of kid, for listening to the show. Uh, this is, I think this one takes us back a little bit. Okay. So, uh, question for the next episode. So Dante mentioned that he worked with Sedrick back in 2009 and that he helped him with his to get his arms to blow up. Um, would you all, I like to say y'all, have any idea on the split that Sedrick was using for his arms. He thought Dusty might have some info. I don't know what he was doing. And this is awful, but Dante did something with my arm training as well that I also don't know what I mean. I mean, I don't think a lot of people that follow realize how long, you know, I mean, I worked with the answer for 12 years. Yeah. Like so the amount of things that that he has adjusted and we've done even stuff on the fly that he created just for me. That's why it wouldn't even even if I knew what I what I did, I would tell you what I did. It's not necessarily what Sedrick did. That's what makes Dante so interesting to me as someone who's just like a student of the game is he's got a way of stepping back from a situation. Um, and like he says getting weird with it. Yeah. But it's not Instagram weird. It's not Charles Glass weird and I'm going to take heat for that. But I think Charles sometimes just does stuff to make it weird so people will hire him. I see things and I'm like, that's absolutely not better. I don't care how you cut it. It's not. There's other things he does that I think are absolutely genius. But Dante will be like, hey, I want to try and he'll write out a long explanation and I'll send a video back and I'm like, is this who we're talking about? And he's like, I know, alter this this and I find him like, oh, yeah, that's that's different. That's a different pain. I think we can run with this or I can progress with it. You know, and same thing with DC training. I think people need to realize that when he came out with that, it was a high volume world. And he just threw up a post. He's like, oh, this is what I do. It's a little different and it exploded. It wasn't unlike now where any time you see somebody come out with their secret plan. It's got a name to it. They're just won't clap. It's I'm in a bout results. And that's why he did so well. So what he would do for me and my world class physique versus sedrics, metaphysique, probably not the same. Probably not the same. Did I get the world's class backwards? I think I did. Yeah. That's his rapid fire answer. All right. Got one more might be controversy. This is from Georgina, by the way, over at Patreon. She says, there's might be controversial, but interested your opinions on verilized female competitors. Obviously, they're degrees to this. And a whole fetish scene. But what about regular bodybuilding guys? Is it a turn on or a turn off? I think some guys probably don't want to admit stuff. So there's that. I don't know. I don't know. I said, I met that age now where like I see like beauty and like all different types of women. So it's like, I don't know. I'm good. I'm gonna, what do you stay here? So here's the deal. And to me, I want to step into a little bit further back. And this is as a bodybuilder as a male bodybuilder. I don't care. And what I mean is you shouldn't, you shouldn't care. And I appreciate the question. I mean, to be disrespectful. But like, if you are a female bodybuilder, I didn't get into bodybuilding that pickup checks. I was very clear. And you know, yeah, not a single, not a single woman that I've been with was like because I was big. In fact, I always ask because I like to just, I'm curious. Like, what is your thing? Nicky would prefer me, better than I am now. Like, that's just her thing. She thinks it's a better look than abs. You know, right? All my exes before, smaller that I can wear better looking clothes. Like, so my, my point is, and then this is something I say in reverse for guys because contrary to our egos, women don't make every move they make for us. And the quicker that men and women can just do what you want to do, the better because, you know, when you find the guy that's interested in you, whether it's because you have those attributes or he doesn't care because he likes you for what you are, you found the winner. And anyone who doesn't, you know, if I was single and like, oh, it's gross or you're by-bearing like, why we got that out of the way? Yeah, move on. You know what I mean? So, um, there's obviously fetishes for things like that, but, you know, my answer is simple. Um, one, Nicky, for example, when we got together, she was training kind of mom for sure and living life and that's how we connected and now she's getting ready for a body of one, and show she was never going to do. And I don't care what happens when it's over. Like, when you win you with someone who's what you, you know, your person, you don't care what they do. You know, I mean, I know that Emily was waiting for Ron to get back into flatland, but she had to put in the time. Put in the time. Yeah, she's never cared. Um, it's funny. I have a friend who's who married a like, like, serious hardcore female bodybuilder, right? She's done now. But he, he married her and he was never in to big chicks or bodybuilder chicks ever. Like, he, he remembers like, thinking, oh, I'm not into that at all. I'm not into that at all. And then, you know, he's spent 10 years, 15 years in the gym and winds up meeting this, this chick who happens to be a hardcore bodybuilder and they just like, they're perfect match. And now he's married to her and then like, she still kept competing for a few years after that and he said, oh, man, she looks so awesome. Like, he's got ready to do it. Yeah. So it's just like, it's, it's just, you know, I don't know, it's, it comes down to the person and, you know, like, if you're right for somebody, you'll be right for somebody and it's just, yeah, I mean, who cares, you know, it, we need a lot of different people out there to make the world interesting. So you don't don't alter anything you want to do. Yeah. As a goal for, for getting someone because you're already off, you know, like, you go altering your your goals as a bodybuilder because you want the sky, then you get them, then you break up and you can't go back. The body doing's over. You know, so yeah, you know, other anything for anybody that really made me think that the other way around, like you said, dusty like girls aren't in girls aren't out there. A lot of girls at least aren't out there looking for guys because they're as massive as possible. Two things. Number one, so putting out reels on YouTube, we get a different demographic of people that are just watching reels, you know, and we had somebody comment on one of our reels who's not a follower of ours or anything. And it was something about like getting huge or taking gear or something. I can't remember what the real was about, but I had something to do with hardcore bodybuilding and the guys comment with something like, I don't want to say the be word because I don't know how YouTube feels about that. But you could imagine him using a he's like, you know, girls don't, girls don't even care, yeah, girls don't even want guys that are that big. So why do you even care about doing this stuff? I like I don't even comment back to him. So that was one thing. And I remember getting into like deciding, making the decision in my late 20s, like, okay, this is what I'm going to do and going from like very small. Like I was 115 to 125 pounds. Not a big guy at all. And I remember people telling me, like, you know, girls don't really find that attractive and girls I know girls I remember. Like, you know, I really don't, I like, girl I'm not dating told me like, you know, I'm not, I don't find that attractive. I don't know why you don't want to do that. It's like, they don't say that anymore. You know, you reach a point where you get so far into the community of bodybuilding that it's like, you just always feel small no matter what. No matter what. It's normal, you know, I don't know about you guys, but I have a hard time anymore. And this is kind of segue. I have a hard time seriously telling if people lift weights in public or not. Like if somebody is walking around in the store, I can't tell if they are like big. Unless they are like freaking feel heath big. Right. But like they have to be really big for me to be like, oh, that guy's a bodybuilder. And it's not that I'm like, jaded or I just don't, I literally, I don't see it. Yeah. That's funny. Yeah. It all twists. But I love the extent that Scott, because it's very true. Like you were told that like, yeah, I didn't get into the inside of bodybuilding to pick up chicks. But in reverse, a lot of men make those comments to women. Why would you do that? Oh, even more. Even because I like bodybuilding more on like you were never an option. Don't worry. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's a good question. It's a good question. Yeah. We could go for hours. That was not a great addition to the rapid fire. No, but we did power through. We did power through all the questions. Dusty, you had some more that we'll have to save. I'm going to make a list. So we'll hold on to because you put up your question thread. People should go over to your Instagram too. Well, it's given this is going to be over by the time. It's gone. It's never mind. But we do them all the time. Yeah. We'll be at home. Show no. I shouldn't mention this at the beginning. Guys, I figured out how to do video on Spotify. So now if you're watching the show or listening to the show on Spotify, it also in addition is video as well, just like Joe Rogan and everything else like that. Don't want to say hi. It's a paid honor. There she is. We just got so many more hits because she came. She just came down the stairs for quick hello. All right, Don's you gotta go. Okay. Okay. Well, good to see you guys. Remember to like, share, subscribe, comment, and bring them up. There we go, guys. Remember, I'm mutant.com, 20% off. Dusty, 20, big, Ron, 20. Get your all and get your ISO surge and everyone should get on the gear. That's it, Adjell. I'm in. Hey. There you go. Okay. Excited for the Arnold. How long to we actually go again? Real soon. It's week. Real soon. That's a good next show. It'll be like a week in a hour. So damn it's coming. I look forward to seeing you guys. We got to have a little meet up about what we're going to do. Yes. Yes. You know, it doesn't. It's got sense of amount of training video. So I'm down. Yeah. I want to do some sort of I'm going to shoot as much videos I can and I want to try to get like dusty. I know you. We should go to the screen. Yeah, especially like you know, I don't know if you guys do like morning training before the expo if that's your normal thing, but we'll figure out what we have to. Not not that late. We'll figure something like that. I was going to be telling a video. You guys are all going to see it on YouTube too. Okay. We'll see you guys. Remember, it's just body building. You