of my point of bringing this topic up to the, you know, for the listeners is, there isn't really any right or wrong. There's, there's the fact that you should be able to justify the sequence that you have your exercises. And if you can justify them, then there you go. That's great. If you can't, and it's just entirely random, look for the reasons and think more deeply into why you have the sequence you do, because you may be able to optimize that, that workout based on the sequence of the exercises better than you are. What's up, guys? Welcome back to Blood Sweat and Gear. Of course I'm here with Coach's Skip Hill and Andrew Barry. Skip's got like 20 years experience. Andrew is at 14 years experience coaching. I'm just behind him. So we're here today, guys, to help you do better at the sport that we love and try not to make a lot of the mistakes. We made in the process, you know, mistakes we see people make. All of our programming is brought to you by Truent Nutrition dot com. You can use their code. Think for some additional savings. Pack Wally supplements hit me up if you want to talk to me about flavors, anything like that. If you're in Canada, check out supplement source dot C.A. Lots of great deals over there. And thank you to everybody who is supporting our programming over on Patreon. You guys are awesome. I've been trying to put up some bonus features over there. So if you're on Patreon, make sure you log in once in a while and check that out. Today we're going to go to topic. We're going to talk about picking our exercises exercise sequence. Why we put the exercises where we put them. Andrew, then, which I'm really excited for this. He has a story for us about his terrible weekend traveling with his wife for bodybuilding. I have no idea, but I have these pictures on my phone. I'm supposed to be sharing with you guys about the hotel room and stuff. And then we're going to take some listener questions. So anyway, what's going on guys. Oh, in congratulations to you skip for another. Another first call out finished with many Rodriguez. So it was fucking awesome. Yeah, very cool. Appreciate that. Looking forward to the next couple shows. I do want to say to Matt, your sharp, my client. Mike, just to make you feel like an asshole. Because I know it again. This is a Christmas coffee cup, but the reason I use it is too full. Number number one, it's very, very large. I can put a couple cups in it. Number two, it was given to my wife. When her grandmother died passed away about nine years ago and since then, my wife has kept it and she rarely uses it. And when I use it, I'm supposed to be very, very careful with it because it has such a kind of nostalgic and sentimental thing. So the coffee cup does suck Matthew. Thanks. I appreciate that. All right, we got that important stuff out of the way before we got into body building. Exactly. So where do we want to start with this kit? We're talking about exercise sequence. We're talking about why it is. And it's going to be an individual thing. But if we learned over the years and what if we learned from others, as far as where we place our exercises, I want to let you lead this thing up. Yeah, I just kind of think sometimes the basic or rudimentary things that go into our own training. We just assume that everybody else does. Like something like exercise sequence, like why for triceps, do you do you open with, you know, this particular exercise. Maybe not even specific exercise, but this type of an exercise, and then go into this type of exercise file by this type of exercise. So there very few people are very few people who have trained for a long time are entirely random. It may seem like things are changing, and rep tempos, and rep ranges and exercises. But even when I speak for myself, you will want to change and exercise. There's still these parameters that I'm staying in, whether consciously or subconsciously. And there's a fine balance between you want to change things to create a different stimulus. But at the same time, you know the things that work for you and you know the things that may cause a situation or a workout to become morrisky. I guess it is a good not, and it's not just about risk. I don't bring this topic up just for risk, but for efficiency and optimization and things like that. And I think there are people that just don't even think they're just kind of randomly, well, fuck it, today I'll do this or that and there's nothing wrong with that. When I was younger, I could randomly throw shit around and exercises and it's no big deal. But I think my point is just that there is a method to the madness with things that seem so basic, like sequence. So I wondered what you guys did to kind of contrast against what I do with my and, and we could give some examples and maybe those, you know, people thinking, okay, well, I don't give that much, you know, that much thought or maybe even I'm over thinking it and I'm being too rigid with what I'm doing. All right, so who's starting? Well, let me in the brought up the idea, going with which muscle group, it's almost like grab one like, you know, it doesn't matter really. Well, let me ask you this though, because this actually pertains to that, you know, like which muscle group are we talking about. And I know we've talked about it once or twice before, do you guys train, say you're back differently than you train your chest versus how you train your legs in terms of Rep execution, Rep ranges, volume of exercises, all that stuff. That's my question, do you? I think it's a good way to kick it off honestly. That's a good question. It was something we just talked about with Dusty, Dusty obviously does, right? He's got the much higher, much more control on his leg training and then more ballistic crazy stuff with fact just all out. So where are you at with that skip? I know I do. I use an example, you know, speaking to Dusty, this is a pretty good, you know, legs being won. Even before my injuries, my legs can't handle the volume that, say back or shoulders can handle. And literally, fucking destroy my, and be crippled sore in like half the volume of four legs or specifically, I guess, or quads, if we're talking, then I can for other. I mean, crippled like if I tried to keep the volume and the intensity that I would normally have on, you know, I guess my intensity level that I want to maintain. Crippled sore and that will have me overtrain in fuck four weeks. And when I say overtrain, not just, you know, I'm not talking really even ace and pays a buck progression just goes, it literally goes into toilet. I run out of gas, I'll find myself halfway through a set of legs and just like all the, you know, that feeling of fatigue where you're going along like, oh, this is smooth. And then they just one rep just starts to crawl, and you're like, and maybe you can get three more, but it's crawling, you're like, could, could my body just get to failure, because this is horrible. Like I can get another rep, I don't want to get another fucking rap, just fail for Christ's sake. So there isn't much. I'm being long-winded about it. The point is, that's a good example there of something that is different explosive movements versus, you know, some, some muscle groups may be more, I call it stretch and feel or stretch and squeeze. So I know I do, I don't train them radically different, like I'm not going to do high intensity drop sets and stuff like that for a muscle for one muscle group versus another. I don't have this dramatic contrast, but there are changes. I am really animated today, and I think it's because I'm drinking all this coffee. It's good. People like you that way, skip, they do. You guys, that's a big ass cup, too. It's like a damn right. It's a huge cup of coffee. All right. Well, if nobody's going to put it on the table, I'm going to save this that going back to like 2008, 2008, 2008, looking at the message board in reading what John Meadows had to say, I started looking at the principles of mountain dog at that time. And it made a lot of sense to me to first find your next exercise that I could use to kind of warm up all the tissues, basically getting like getting blood flow, getting good activation. And kind of that first exercise allows me to kind of feel like what's going on in my body. And then from there, picking something where I can, I'm warmed up now, and I can work into that heavy meat and potatoes and people hear me say that term. I know a lot of people use it, but like if you're my client, I say meat and potatoes like any time we're talking about training like every time that term comes out, me potatoes. Getting to that heavy meat and potato stuff. So if it were back, I would probably get into a row after a pull down. If it were chest, I would probably get into my dumbbell and climb press after doing a fly. You know, something where I can get that muscle warmed up then going to something that is going to be like really central nervous system taxing something where I can, this is the, this is the movement where we are going to grow. And then after that my next exercise, I'm picking something where I'm not as concerned about pushing that heavy weight, but I still want to challenge myself now I'm using more control though. And now I'm, I'm really making sure that I can, I can finish that extra finish that muscle off. So maybe I go to a machine where I don't have to stabilize anymore. And then from there finally final component would be some type of a stretch or sometimes that stretch would be combined with that third exercise and then from there I'm good. That's, that's the way I would personally, if I had to like just sum it all up, I learned that from John's really early stuff. And then I've just kind of, I've kept it in the back of my head because it's made so much sense in it's kept me from getting hurt and then I've applied that to all my workouts since really honestly. The only thing I'll say John would differ on the first exercise like he would never do a stretch exercise first. No, I wouldn't even give him what I'm saying. What you said you did to the flies first. Oh, okay. Yeah, I guess I would. But you know what though I'm not focusing on the stretches much as the fact that like, okay, like a, like a pack deck. Like a pack deck would be my ideal my ideal or a cable fly. What about a cable fly? I like that it's. So, yeah. So, let me give you the breakdown. Let me break down on like a chest training for like a mountain dug workout, right? Yeah, because you're, you're pretty much right about all of it. But so the first exercise is going to be that pre-appropriation, activation exercise and it's going to be typically something like an inclined dumbbell press, a barbell press or sorry inclined or flat dumbbell press. Okay. Well, idea here. Rarely are you ever seeing guys, Karen Pecks doing a dumbbell exercise, right? Just because of the different range of motion, how you can twist your wrists, et cetera. Yeah. So, and you're going to go heavy on that. Like you're probably going to work up to a top set of eight somewhere in that range. Sometimes a backed off set. And then the second exercise is going to be like your high threshold motor unit stuff where you're going to be doing speed. Like an inclined barbell press sets of six to eight, almost as fast as you can under control. And then your third exercise is typically going to be something that's really just going to pump you up. So the weight isn't the overall factor there. It's like you're going to use a cluster set technique or a rest pause or drop set or some other type of technique that's just going to like drive. Not just mechanical tension, but also metabolic failure too. And then finally the fourth exercise is going to be your stretching exercise. And then the muscles is loaded with blood as a possibly can be then you're going to lengthen stretch everything back out with a fly or a cable or something of that nature. So, right. And that's actually not my favorite way to train to tell you the truth. And then let me say to the idea, I will do one point out when I say that. Like I said, it's not that I'm trying to do what John did as much as it was my interpretation in 2008. And at the time, like then later I actually did like real mountain dog and it was different. Like my interpretation was different than what he did. But I had that in the back of my head and that's what I've employed ever since. You know what I mean? That's what my thought process is. Part of it is a little bit different because part of that for me is also going to be like the prefeteague. I feel like prefeteague in chest particularly works really well for me. I like I like that. So that's and I don't focus as much on the stretch in that first pack deck movement. I'll stop you. I'll stop you. Okay, but then at the end if I'm going to do it then I will. Like I might even do like a DC type dumbbell stretch like dumbbell fly type stretch at the end of the workout. You know, would you guys agree that doing going right into like chest exercise going into like a stretching exercise like a dumbbell fly. We can climb dumbbell fly might be on a more dangerous end of the scale. No question. I wouldn't want to. I do. Yeah. Right. Like if you're going to get away with it. Yeah. Yeah. You can get away with it. But as far as now, if you're going into that first exercise and it's more of a stretch and feel on your stay and higher reps. And you have no like you're not looking for progression and really banging the shit out of the set then I guess maybe. I'm not fucking with that. But I will open with cable flies. But I don't exaggerate the stretch and they came up. They're not short. No one would look at him go. Don't suck. It's not an exaggerated. I call it open or really wide. You know, range of motions. Most cable flies only allow you kind of to do more like a like a like a press fly combo really if you think about it. You know, the new one very rare. I go old school with the wide ones. Basically, there's a thing. I use the tricep press down machines that everybody uses instead of the cable cross. I always find this is funny. On those lap pole, you know, systems there to get the cable cross in the middle. You got to try set. Makes no one uses a tricep press down on the end. They have to do it with the double pulley because the stack is so much bigger. It's hard to get only. It's heavy. There's only two pulleys and six that are on the other one. You can't get up with that. 20 plates. Exactly. But I don't like those narrow machines that they have these days that are set up specific. I understand why they're there and they're good because people tend to only do cable or do basically isolateral at the same time. So then I get even more irritated when people go to that and they do single arm tricep press down. It's because and this is why it's not. I don't give a fuck about whether you need more weight on the stat. But what you what it does over time is it creates drag on one side versus the other. It does. And especially in gyms where they're not maintained. So that's one other reason that I carry a bottle of silicone spray in my. What's the other reason? Yeah, they say one reason. It's not appropriate for a. But then that way the drag remains the same. But I'd always go wide and I have my clients in the same thing. It's funny because usually after weight for somebody who's doing some cable curl or some bullshit to be actually moving away. But anyway, I digress. I did want to point out this though when it comes to backers we're using chest and as an example. Your sequence will change obviously to base not just on vulnerability or risk injury, but it can change on. Especially when it comes to back training. Are you lat down in it or are you upper back down in it? And these days, man, I think you guys would agree. I don't think I've seen too many people. It happens. But the large majority of people are not lat down in it. And once you get that thickness through the upper back, we're actually fighting with this a little bit with manny. He has we need to bring his lat development up to match the thickness and the size through the upper back. Once you get that upper back thickness and strength, it's very difficult to actually. And I use the word isolate. We know we're not isolating, but for your terms, so we understand what we're doing. To focus more in isolate on the lower on those lats, almost at low rats. But anyway, I'm using labels that everybody. It's okay. It's okay. I'll say that's difficult. Okay, friend of. It's difficult to do that when you had it much like, um, you know, hitting in like upper chest or chest in general. If you have very strong anterior delts early on when guys are very, very strong. We had a buddy in high school who was like, this he could not build his chest for shit and really struggle with because his shoulders were so dominant. In the 1980, he could no walk in and grab a, you know, 135 and start pressing it overhead. He would do it just to be a dick. So the guys are like, uh, that kids like 15 years old with the fight. But he had a paper thin chest. And I don't mean that shitty because if he heard me say that, he would be offended by it even at 52 years old. But a bother to him and he was young and it probably still bothers into this day. The point is, is when you, then that will change the sequence of exercises too. You know, with manny, we're going to dig in. I'm actually going to go down there. He didn't know yet. But I'm going to go down there and I'm going to work. Back sessions with him and Miami. It's not once a week, once every couple weeks to really get him to, to force him to dig into and focus more. It doesn't mean that he doesn't know how to train back. That's not the point. The guys very smart and he trains very hard. But he's old school and he's moving weight. And I need to slow him down and we're going to open back sessions at least every other back session with more isolated. The last movement's to really get in there and dig into the lats and then move on to other shifts. Big shit, right? I'm not on shit. That kind of gets to what I was kind of referring to about the way you train a particular, like Mousa Group. Because I think, I feel like I'm more like manny where I need to get away or I have gotten away from, you know, like, okay, you've seen someone do a dumbbell row where they're using excessive body English. Well, to say the least, right? The whole body's moving. Pretty much every year. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Right. So, whereas, like, I've tried to make that exercise so, so hard on myself with, like, putting the front leg forward. And it's so hard to, trying to, like, make it a lot harder, right? Because you're not able to open up with the hips and get that torso rotation. Yeah. I've tried to do, like, change my exercise selection away from exercise up, would have done 10 years ago, but I would consider today more like pussy exercises or stretch and squeeze or, you know what I mean? Where I'm really slowing the rub down. I'm really trying to, like, track my elbow and I might look like I'm using the same weight as the high school kid, that, you know, jumped off the machine before me, but I'm feeling it more in my lats. I'm feeling it more in my wrong body to where I'm, wherever I'm trying to feel it versus just moving dumbbell or barbell from point A to point B. Whereas, like, I would open up with, like, a chest exercise on, like, an incline Smith press and just bang up to, like, a heavy set of six to eight and be great with that. And for, and be able to progress with it, whereas I'm not necessarily looking for strength progression in my back exercises. I'm looking more for, and my feeling that hitting the target tissue, I'm really trying to hit. Yeah. Okay. So, so, late on us, what's the rest of your, your, say, general philosophy, then, my general philosophy? Yeah, as far as how would you, putting, putting workouts together? So, again, like, it comes back to, like, I would program my chest differently than I program my back. So, to give you an example, like, we train back today. And I'm on this kick right now where we're starting every single workout off with pull ups. And I do pull ups with the band. And I know people are like, oh, you know, it looks supposed to you're taking easy way out. No, I'm doing that. So, I stay straight up and down. So, my body's not going like this. And I'm doing more of like a row than a pull up. I'm doing a true straight up and down pull up. And when I feel like my feet are coming up like this, I'm trying to cheat the sets done. Even if I feel like I can get two more reps out of it. So, I'm going to, what I would consider positive failure. And then from there, we moved on to a single arm pull down on an angle. And again, like I was just mentioning, really tracking that elbow where I'm trying to drive that elbow into my hip. And if I feel like I'm coming out or I'm, or I'm just moving the handle, I stop the set. So, I really want to feel every single, every single rep from the stretch all the way down to the contraction to where it almost feels like a knot in your lower lap. That's what we're working on. And then from there, we move on to rows. Can we do a T-bar row today? That's what that's an exercise I try to progress on. I really like a wide grip T-bar row. It's one of my favorites. I think skip you eight those, right? No, I love one of my favorites. Well, how wide are you talking? I mean, you said wide. Like outside a shoulder width. If it's outside a shoulder width, I think it's a money. If it gets too wide, I'm not a big, I'm super wide. But I don't like gentle. I don't like narrow rows too much. It's not a matter of being a... Yeah. No. Ranger. I don't feel any other exercise in my terries more so than, then, like a wider grip T-bar row. And then from there, it's onto another machine row. This is like one of the hardest machines. You put a plate on there and it feels like three or four plates on a different machine. It's hard to describe. I'll take a picture for you guys sometime. I can't remember the brand name. It's one of those things I've only seen in our gym and I think in Jim Manions, Jim down, in Pittsburgh. But it's super, super heavy. It's one of those... Trying to think of the term, like, you know, like there's feel good machines. Like hammer strength machines where you can put five plates on your head. You're really only a few plate benches, but you got kids doing five plates on it. This is the opposite of that. If you can roll like five plates on a different machine, like that particular hammer machine that every Jim has where you can load five or six plates on, this one is like a one and a half plate type machine. And it's super difficult. It locks right in. If you drive your elbow just right, you can get right to that ladder area. And then we actually... Then I'll add in... We'll do something for lower back. And lately I've been on the kick of adding my least favorite exercise, our deals in. And so I'm going to... I'm going back to those. I'm trying to progress on those again. So, why do you put those at the end? Safety. Because I'm probably going to be weaker towards the end of the workout, right? But I'm also going to be locked in and focused. Like, I'm going to know what is hurt, what is felt good today. So I'm going to know, A is it even a good idea to do this exercise? Yeah. Because if I'm walking around, my lower back is like, man, just bent on a pickup with my Jim bag. I'm having trouble doing that. It makes no sense to go into an exercise that's going to be dominant on your lower back, right? Yeah. So I like to save stuff like that for the end. And then also just, you know, who wants to walk around with the lower back on Father doing all the other stuff. Oh, yeah. It's limiting. You know, try to do a barbell row after you know. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, back in the day, when I was in high school, you know, it's back day. You start off with a lap hold down, but then you go right to deadless, right? And then after you get done deadless, going up to whatever, then you do your barbell rows, which is like the stupidest, craziest thing in the world. And then you do your double row. I love that you're saying that because so many people will open with, and it's funny to me because you're saying, and I'm not saying it's wrong. There really is nothing, there's nothing wrong if you have reason as to why you're doing it. But in my mind, I struggle with you're going to go to such a big exercise for back that causes all of the major muscles in the back to be stabilizers first. And then you want to work them through a full range of motion. And you think that that's going to be maximal, pounded your strength and contraction. It just seems so illogical to me to do it that way. But again, it's not right or wrong. It's just how my brain processes it. I would rather use much like you're doing with RDS. All the muscles of the back that you've already worked through a full range of motion, then become stabilizers during the RDS while you're then taking your lower back that has now been pretty damn warmed up through out as far as blood flow. And you might have already done them using the example, but long pulley rows. There's something where your lower back has to, your right, you have to stabilize and they're kind of warm to come into those heavier RDS weights where you're in more of a vulnerable position. I love that there's in I'm not surprised, but I love that there's that logic. And so this, I guess this is what I'm saying, or my point of bringing this topic up to the, you know, for the listeners is, there isn't really any right or wrong. There's, there's the fact that you should be able to justify the sequence that you have your exercise. And if you can justify them, then there you go. That's great. If you can't, and it's just entirely random. Look for the reasons and think more deeply into why you have the sequence you do, because you may be able to optimize that, that workout based on the sequence of the exercises better than you are. Hell yeah, I think that's a great way to wrap this topic up. Plus I want to move on because we get to hear some shit that I don't know about yet. Andrew, what's, what's, what's the deal? What's the deal? So, so look, this is all I know guys. I, I, I, we, you know, we have like a group chat, skip in Andrew and I, you know, text. And I was like, how is the weekend? He was like terrible. It was really bad. And he was like, I'll tell you guys on Wednesday when we record. So that's all I know. And I didn't get a lot of sleep last night because I knew that today we're going to tell me and I've been distracted at work. And now we're here. So what, what happened? All right. So why were you traveling for the first time? All right. No disrespect to anyone that lives in the state of Louisiana, particularly three four. Okay. I'm sure you guys are great people. I'm sure you guys are nice people. All right. So we booked a trip down to three port for the awesome classic Rachel. The wife was going to do another bikini show. And for those of you don't know, she's a pro. So we were going down there and we do another pro show. We thought the New York pro was going on the same weekend. So as was the thing is called the night of champions in California. Yeah. So that's three pro shows in one day. So we're like, okay. Was it night of challenge? Is it going to stick with up? Is that what they call it now? Night of champions? Because what didn't New York, I know that. That's the B night of champions. Yes. Okay. Yes. I think it was called, maybe the amateur portion was called night of champions. Okay. Either way, it was out in California. So we're like, okay. Most of the west coast towns going to be out there. With the New York pro going on at the same time. You're going to get all the top Olympians over here. So we're going to get on the street fort. Maybe we're going to steal a few points. We're going to move up the ladder a little bit. Because there was only one other girl that had beaten Rachel so far. Doing the show. And coincidentally, they've done the four show. This was their four show together this year. And she's been doing it up winning. Rachel's been doing good. She's going to make two first call outs. Yeah. We were right there. We were listening to the feedback from the judges. Just come a little bit tighter in the glutes, which is exactly what we did. She was about a pound and a half lighter. Exactly what they had asked for. Okay. So we go to street fort. We're not being cocky. I don't want to make us sound like we're being cocky, but knowing what we had seen play out over the previous three contests. We were like, okay, I think we got a really good shot. Move it up the ladder. Maybe a second. Maybe a third. We got third call outs. Oh, like, when I'm sitting here, and I've never been so confused in my life, guys. The only thing that was off was her tan, but it wasn't great. But like, we saw girls and no disrespect to masters, competitors, because I'm a masters competitor, right? We have both of you guys are masters competitors at this point. There were masters competitors that were getting fourth call outs at shows when she was getting first call outs just four weeks ago that were placed in the first and second call out. So like, that in girls that she was just beating that were in like third and fourth call outs. Like, they were placed in the first or second call out. And I just kept on listening to numbers get called and like, it's just so disheartening when you're like, wait a minute, we're on the right track, we're on the right track, and then all of a sudden it just stops you in your tracks. Who is that judge for this one? Gary, you did. Was Gary, was it's Gary or Sandy at the other ones? Or? So we've been in front of Sandy, we've been in front of Joe Pashulov, we've been in front of, uh, uh, tray, uh, tray Bennett, um, been in front of Steve, been in front of Tyler. So we've been in front of all the judges, and you know, we put a little bit more stock into a Joe's feedback, um, Sandy's feedback, Steve obviously, Tyler, obviously, I don't know what that happened to the show. I had messaged another judge after pre-judging, I was like, hey, you know, what's going on here? Like, you're just not like her today or what? He told me he had her in the first call out, but he's not the head judge. He has no idea what the hell's going on there. But anyway, that's the show. So the whole reason we went down there was like, oh, sorry, like, which, you don't plot foiled. You know what, too, I'll throw in is that I think sometimes people who don't know how things work at the pro level. Like what we're talking about here is that, you know, there's going to be different judges at different shows. And part of our strategies in bringing a client into a show like that is going to be because you know, some of these people are going to want a slightly different look or at least historically that's what it's thought. You know, Sandy wants this alert versus, you know, Steve wants this look. And so, you know, you don't always hear that, so that aspect. So I think that's kind of interesting to share that with the audience, you know? Well, it's just weird when like two weeks ago and four weeks ago, you beat all these girls and then all of a sudden you get relegated to like literally like the last call out when it's like, wait a minute. We're not on a trajectory up here. We look better today like, I'm not taking anything from the way from these girls, but I'm pretty good at analyzing the point where we're going to win the show absolutely not. Okay, the girl that won absolutely deserve to win. Okay. In my mind, we should have been in that second, third, fourth place, at least for that comparison. Okay. But that's, you know, that's an option about the show. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Obviously, I'm going to be a little bit biased, but I would be saying the same thing about any one of my clients based off the information I just gave you of like where we're going with the first couple shows of the year. Our feedback, etc. But now let's get the real kick in the pants was get there. We get there, right? First off, the rental car had a kicked out fog light in a crack in the windshield, which I of course documented took pictures of, right? We, we, we, we had to find a Dallas because tickets were going to be twice the cost to fly directly to Schreepor. So he fully Dallas. Two and a half hours away, we drove in. We get to the hotel and it was nothing like what the pictures looked like guys like we put the hotel through experience. Maybe you could put some of those up now Scott because I like this one. See if this. We kind of, there we go. I like this one. That was the furniture. Oh, okay. Yeah. Do not black light that coat that couch right there. Don't sit on that under. We didn't have to. You can see the stains of that on anything. We didn't sit on anything. We didn't put our stuff down. We literally walked in. We had to get a training session in before the gym closed. So we left our stuff there. Went to the gym while we're at the gym. We're figuring out where we're going to go because we're not staying on that place. You got to show us a little picture. You knew you knew it was, let me ask you, you looked at this front door. You knew that it was a problem before you even wanted. Yes. It didn't. That's what we were with the battering ram. So there was some shit going on in there. The inside of the door. There were too much better. There was like dead skin. Yeah, that's the inside. Oh my. There was like dead skin on the floor. There were fingernails. There was a ball of hair about this big. There was the tissue container had zero tissues in it. I mean, there was some, there was some like, yeah. So I literally died. I got all this shit because I'm like, we're getting our money back. We're getting out of this place. Yeah. So anyways, we had to get into another hotel. The other hotel had a bed that was maybe big enough for my dog. Yeah, that was the floor guys. Okay. That was everywhere. Oh, I mean, yeah. Like absolutely disgusting show the bathroom. Do you see the bathroom? That's the thing. There was like some, there was like some unidentified probably shit on the floor. Oh, yeah. You see that little stuff on the bottom left there? I don't know what the hell that was. We did stick a red and two brush looks bad too over there in the corner. Who left the two? He's there. This was there. Oh no. That is not there. Guys. It was on the floor right in front of there. It was on the floor right in front of there. Okay. Showing they did not do that. It was good. Here's the safe. There's a picture of the safe that was in the room right here. Oh, no. That's not the safe guy. It's a vent. That was exposed. And the air was blowing out of that blow and that dust that us. Okay. You know somebody opened that safe up. Somebody or somebody opened that vent up because they went to hide shit in there. You know that's what it was. There were drugs. There's money on the other door. Did you check? Because yeah, you might have found like a stack of bills. Yeah. No, I don't want to get hit. I just want to get hit with this. There's no way. So we get to another place. The bed's tiny. I didn't get any sleep. I got like three hours of sleep on that Thursday night Friday night leading the show. Now the way we scheduled it. We had to leave Sunday morning. Yeah, it looks like a class of joint. We had to leave Sunday morning. We had to flight at six o'clock at a Dallas. So the plan was we get done the show. We were going to get in the car at nine o'clock. Drive to Dallas. Find something to eat. And then try to take a nap in the parking lot before we get on. Yeah. We hit a fucking rainstorm out of hell. Like the only way I can describe is if someone took an Olympic size pool and just continued to like dump it onto the road. And I don't know if this is common for down there. It was actually kind of amazing. Like we were going 15 miles an hour in the inner state for about an hour and a half. It was crazy. And at times Rachel, like you should pull over. You should pull over. I'm like, now, like we're going. You know, it was like absolutely amazing. It started off with a heat, heat lightning. I don't know, went on. It lit up the whole sky. It was crazy. But anyway, we get to the airport. We make it there in time. No nap, obviously. And just to find out that our flight got canceled. And so we're like, you freaking kidding me. We could have actually tried to get some sleep last night. We were able to find another flight. Get home later. But we got home much later than we thought we would. We'd like to get home Sunday to be able to like go to the grocery. Sure. You know, you're sitting up. Yeah, I get your weeks set up. Checking on emails if I have anything left over. So yeah, it was just kind of a shit weekend in a waste of money. That sucks, man. That sucks. I, you know, I can, I can feel it for you guys too. Because you, you know, you took the critiques. You followed. But it just goes to show, too. I mean, anybody watching that, you know, because I see so many times that people, um, they want to get into body building. And they're like, I want it. Yeah, I want to win. And that's my goal. I'm going to win this show. You never, for a can, no, you know, you never know what's going to happen. Yeah, right. Let me say, like, we're not delusional thinking that we're like, you know, top Olympian or that, you know, we were going to win the show. Like, we have tons of respect for like the other competitors, especially the girl that won. Like, we've seen her four times this year. And she'd been right there. Second, third, second, third, you know, right up in the ranks. Yeah. And just where the trajectories when you're in that call out with this, with some of these girls regularly. And then all of a sudden, you're like, way in the back of the bus, it's like, whoa, like, we're not even off. Like, what's going on here? You know, it's just one of those stompers that it's upsetting. But we got a bunch of listener questions. It's not had scratcher for sure. Before we got to the other one. Yeah, I'm sorry. I cut you off to it. I just want to add one thing. I want it because I think this is important. The listener's look. Because we know better. And I'm sure that you understand this two way to Andrew. So I just want to let the listener know. So I'm sure that the listener's looking for something that doesn't go the right way. And it looks like someone was robbed or screwed or like, what the fuck happened. Yeah. That's not on the competitors. So getting mad at another competitor for beating your client or beating your friend or beating your mom or something. Yeah. That doesn't have anything to do with them. And I'm not saying, you know, the judges suck and blame the judges. All I'm saying is it's not the competitors fault. Yeah. They were placed where they were. Sometimes it, I said this about man and earlier, sometimes it grows your way. Sometimes it doesn't. It's a subjective sport. You're going to get your get a call that maybe you didn't deserve. You're going to not get a call maybe deserve in your situation. It is a little bit different because it's just not even close. It's not like you went to second call out or it just really is a head. So if it happens to Andrew or it happens to his wife or it happens to a client, a mine or whatever or it happens more than you would think. Yeah. Yeah. But usually don't you think skip usually when you see those little, those little things like that as coaches and people that have been around the sport, judging, watching, you can be like, okay, I can justify why they went that way. Right. Like for instance, when you're breaking down to man, he like, okay, why you got fifth and set a third or fourth, you were, it was pretty easy for you to say, okay, I can understand why this judging panel went that way. Like they didn't put you last place, right? And you can't, and you can't, and you can't, and you can't, like, you can't expect that every judging panel, Scott, you touched on this earlier, just because it's a different judging panel, there should be subtle differences, but when there is a huge contrast or huge disparity, really that shouldn't happen unless something really dramatic is, is changed like the condition isn't there or someone is there's some weird shit going on. Even with those different head judges and things like that, it should still be, like you said, the similar trajectory should be in this exactly. It's, it most definitely should be. I know I'd be a little frustrated too, and at the same time it's one of those things, like what are you going to do? You go to the next show and you literally go to my aminix. Good, good, good. All right, before we got into our questions, you hit a shout out, Andrew, so I want to make sure we got that in. And this was a two tie-bender, so I think he's the guy in the middle here. Yep, that was his first show. He chose the pit, which is traditionally a very tough show. And he works with my buddy Morgan Rice, who, if you guys have him, he's like a no, he's a no bullshit guy, right? He, he actually does roster cuts on his clients. Really? But yeah, like if he knows you're not like holding up, he's like, you're getting cut, like pink slip, and of the week, stop paying me back home. Wow. But, but no, this kid came up and said hello and wanted a picture, and we just chatted and I, you know, I gave him a lot of compliments because, you know, he's a young guy, he did the work, he came in looking great, and I think he's taken the right steps, you know. I think he got second, and I think all of his classes, but I could see him in two years being a show over. So, that's a lot of, a lot of development for, how old did you say he's pretty young, right? Yeah, I want to say he's like 21, 21, 22, something like that. But, yeah, just, just big props to him, and thank you for listening to the program buddy. Oh, yeah. All right, I'm not sure if I got all my screen caps in order here, but I do have a bunch of questions that I kind of gathered up from previous episodes. Let's see what we got here. We got another training, let's start with this one training question. Um, Noel New York City. I'd love to hear about the fine line between number of reps. For instance, obviously a certain amount of volume via reps is required to stimulate muscle. However, when the poundages go up in intensity increases, plus the addition of intensity techniques, I find it very hard to count past 20 reps. If one is able to do 30 reps or more, when it be more optimal to increase the weight, so muscle failure is reached at approximately 20 reps. Seems like going over is almost junk volume. If one can push through to do 50 reps, the pain and suffering will be in touch. But wouldn't there be more benefit via hypertrophy doing more weight with 20 to 25 reps? Loved diminishing returns. Does it come into play, guys? I can stuff up and say I did 50 reps last week after John was on for legs. And my situation is a little bit different because I'm a little bit limit. I'm sorry. Thank you. Yeah, good point. You did 50. It was running. Yeah, but I did like, I was fucked up. It was brutal. I want to get into it. But anyway, I'm a little bit limited with my knee right now. So I figured you know what? I'm going to find out 2,000. I'm going to find out if it's if repetition irritates it or if it's just resistance of weight. Because I figured if I did 50 reps and it was lighter and it irritated my knee, that's pretty good to know that it may actually be repetition instead of just resistance. But anyway, I'll tell you this. And I would use the example of a cyclist. If you see a cyclist, rarely will they not have pretty ridiculous quads. So if it's high rep constant, there's obviously high purtrophy from that high rep high volume training. The question I think becomes which is better. And all I can say is this is my take on it, my opinion on it. The body doesn't know a rep range. It knows a stimulus. So you're either going to create a stimulus that it hasn't seen or that it's not used to and there'll be adaptation, which is essentially high purtrophy or there won't. So the 50 reps set to me crippled me. Does soreness necessarily mean growth. It's not married. It's argue you argument of correlation versus causation. But at the same time, it's a pretty safe bet that if you're crippled sore when I hadn't been before, that that is a stimulus that my legs and my quads were not used to. And I would have, I came out of that session going, there's no fucking way I did not grow from this. And it was 50 reps a second to, I don't want to say failure, but about as fucking, when I was at 35, 38, I'm like fuck my life. I don't think I'm going to get there and then it becomes a mental issue. Second one, I only got to 40. So there was an element of failure there. And then I went to pendulum and I did something very similar. So the point is, I do think that there is merit in the higher reps. I will say this though, because I'm, you know, my brain immediately goes to, well, fuck it. I'm doing it next week. And I'm going to do it the week after that's not how it works because it's essentially a high intensity technique that the body will adapt to relatively quickly. But I do like the higher sets in my situation because I did find that the repetition didn't irritate it. It is a resistance issue for my cartilage and knee problem. So I'm going to benefit from it quite a bit. I'm actually pretty happy that that topic came up and it gave me a different, different thing to use for training. But I think there is huge benefit in that technique. Even going to, I mean, it's kind of brutal with the 100 reps thing to where maybe only get to 78, but you drop set or not drop set. I'm sorry, rest pause. You know, the rest of the way to 100 reps. It's brutal shit. It's just brutal fucking shit. Can you back your point about adapting to the stimulus? Would you agree that like it's one of those things that you can use once in a while? But it's not something you should program in every single week. Yeah, absolutely. And that's why I'm glad that I touched on that just because I don't want anybody to think that yeah, this is the way that I would train for, you know, three or four months and expect continued progress out of I don't think that would be the case either. But I'd use the example of the cyclists because I do think that the higher about if you did. I mean, look, there are some people I know I grew, I'd use myself as an example back in the DC days. I grew from those 20 reps sets to failure. Really, more than I had ever grown on heavier squats or heavier movements at 8 to 10 or 12 reps. It could be that I was taking, you know, it could be argued that I took those 810 12 reps sets further and closer to failure and was pushing them closer to the 20 rep. So then it becomes an issue of failure more than eight. There's this is a huge the rep range is tough. The debate in the argument because I still think it's effort more than it is an act and there's time under tension. There's a lot of other variables than just banging out, you know, you get three. It was my biggest concern about DC training was if you get three more reps. But you made the temple of those reps a little bit quicker without really consciously being aware of it than was there really progression. But the system the way he said it up is to make the progression measurable in a black and white sample. So you're going to have those slightly changing variables sometimes in the point is you're still progressing it's measurable. All right, we've got one from I'm going to go a little life feed here real quick. Jojo you join just and says what is the bare minimum amount of protein intake and still grow muscle. It says an example being if someone has kidney issues. The bare minimum. I don't think we can throw out a number, and especially if he has kidney issues. We probably shouldn't be throwing out a number at him. I don't think there's an exact number be I don't think there's an exact number that we could give a blanket for a man who weighs 250 versus a man who weighs 200 or anything like that. I'm thinking back to the podcast you did with Dr. Scott recently where he talks about protein and protein. Yeah, your minimum protein requirements and then you know how all the additional protein you eat. We'll protein being the number one macro nutrient that you can eat that will not put on fat. So essentially in a way a lot of us might be just completely overeating protein. But you know because it's bodybuilding we're going to make sure we do everything we can take it to the end of the degree. And I think back to like you know I seen some of um Chad Nichols diets where it's like 7 meals a day 12 ounces of protein every single meal whether it's 12 ounces chicken 12 ounces steak me personally. I know I couldn't handle that digestion wise. I just know that. I know for me I think if I'm getting about 300 grams of protein a day I'm going to be growing. That's probably my minimum. I get more than that but I think 300 maybe even a little bit less. You know but I also say that seeing John Meadows continue to progress eating probably maybe 140 grams of protein a day. Yeah like when you add it all up. I mean two eggs for breakfast right a protein drink before you one scoop of protein powder for you go to the gym. You know four or five ounces of fish after the gym and then maybe a chicken breast meal later on that night with six ounces. What's that? That's under 200 grams easily and he was you know 220 pounds in shape pretty much year round. I started working with a guy recently. It fills out the questionnaire pays me we're getting started and you know in the questionnaire I say you don't do you have any health concerns and you know at the end I even put is there anything else we haven't discussed that would be important I should know doesn't put anything. Shout out to you Matt if you're watching and then. His name is Matt is a different man. He. He. He. He's doing a really good job. By the way, but I get the plan set up and he mentions yeah I should be seeing my doctor at the end of the month for my kidney disease. I was like wait what hold on hold on hold on hold on we just built a plan and all set like I'm ready to hand it over to you we're going to get started. What so we backed up you know and I talked to him and he told me how much I think he said he was using I can't remember what it was if it was like 300 grams of protein or something he built up to that. And he went to his doctor and the doctor said hey I got it back off from that a little bit so I think he went down to like 200 so I can't remember what it was what the numbers were. It's been that you know a couple months since we had that discussion but anyway what I needed to come what I ended up coming up with is a plan that was very low in protein I'm looking at it right now. So we have 135 grams of complete protein in his diet to start 135 grams. 160 grams of total protein so and one thing I think people don't always understand is you know the proteins we can use versus like the extraneous protein in your in your oatmeal that might not be beneficial for growing muscle or you know in your broccoli. I went through and figured all that out and this was a little bit under what he had been using but he was comfortable with using. And then my thought is is that if his body is tested out okay with that amount let's see what we can do because flat out he's not a big guy right and I think muscle mass is probably going to be affected right. So if JoJo was a big dude he's probably going to need more protein than mad is but if you're not a big dude you know the thought is is we're starting low and he's going in to get tested by his doctor again I'm going to see where he's at and maybe down and he's losing fat really well. He looks like he's you know retaining muslims getting stronger all the science are saying that things are going good right but you know we'll see what the lab works as and then maybe down the road we may need to increase protein and and I think we probably have some room you know what I'm saying in 166. But that would be my thought would be you know work close with a doctor if you have issues in the reality is you might not be able to be a guy who's going to be pushing 300 grams 400 grams of protein you know I mean. Just not be in the car this disclaimer also for anybody that's looking at our coach if you have kidney disease or any issues make sure you let them know that's as a bodybuilding coach when I see kidney issues that's big red flags my head like we're going to really talk about this right like. Joint injuries or you know I don't know maybe they're on acutane so like liver is going to be a little messed up but I see kidney issues and I'm like okay we need to really figure out you know or you what you're using for are you stage three failure like what's going on there let's let's get this figure down. Yeah and you know that's that's what we did in the situation and to his defense he didn't know that that with bodybuilding we might be pushing protein so. You know I'm glad it worked out the way that it did. I think some people do know though and they may have the idea well you know so until may not work with me and I don't think people should know it's not necessarily disqualifying. Issue you have a low EGFR you have other you know issues whether it be kidney or anything else but it needs to be taken into consideration. So that you know when the plan is put together you know we we know a lot of shit we've got a lot of experience working with a lot of people with a lot of different issues so. Even though it's possible that some a coach could actually say you know I'm not comfortable with this I think it's far more likely that they'll just take that into consideration they're going to ask you a lot more information make sure they have a lot of background and they'll be able to work the plan around that. And just to be clear because I mean he was asking for kind of specifics and I agree with you and you can't really get specifics on how low to go. But I would say this I think that without it without existing kidney issues because other than knowing he had kidney issues I don't know the specifics of what it is. I don't like to drop below. I would say a gram of protein per pound of body weight but I tend to go with lean mass because I don't really care to feed protein to you know someone who's 50 pounds overweight. And at the same time Scott coming back to what you said I just want to make this point you don't count. I you didn't say incomplete but I think that's what I don't count incomplete protein either from you know peanuts or or you know. I just have never done that and it was funny because I still live it now and then we'll get someone who will work with me and say well you know the calories count why don't and it's funny because I think just in Harris you know a trope on nutrition him and I go back to 2001 and I am about for him and about ex ex at the end. I don't know if he still does it but I know right up until four or five years ago he and I still had that same approach where we don't count trace macros and not just protein but trace amounts of carbs and peanuts and things like that either and sometimes I'll get a client one out of 15 that I have to explain the process to and why. And I'm not saying that everybody does that I'm saying it's right right just it's the system that I have used and it's solid because I've used it for 20 years and and someone like Justin who's who's old school maybe the newer school guys don't do that maybe it's just something that just and I and people like I's been around. I'll tell you why I'll tell you why because everyone today has like those trackers like the my fitness power and because like even when client I'll claim that they have a concrete plan right now right and they're like well yeah they'll say something in reference. So there my fitness power and I'm like why you put in the plan I wrote for you into my fitness power like you have your time you know yeah six times a chicken 200 grams of rice like that's what you're supposed to be following don't please don't put it in there like because on those screen shots back to me sometimes I'm like look. I'm not being disrespectful I'm not even going to look at that you know same thing with like like dexus cans or not dexus but like those in body scans people. Yeah, I'm like look that's cute and everything I don't look at that I don't know my I see right I know what you need to look like on stage I don't care if it says you're 7.8% you're not lean enough yet like you know what I mean like I'll trust my eyes over you know mechanical data any any day of the week sure. But I was gonna say this about the incomplete proteins because because I do the same general thing you guys do like I really only count the regular protein, but I do put everything down like the five grams of protein in a couple of half couple of votes or whatever. Just for that reason because people are always repeating back to me. Oh, it doesn't add up etc. But I do think that the incomplete proteins because you know the way protein works right you need a protein. Your body digests it it goes into the amino acid. It's not like that gram a chicken. Sir plants itself into a gram of protein on your biceps right it's all broken down into amino acids and then your body reconfigures it based off them tour and all the other signals etc. So I do think that some of those amino acids you know what being incomplete it's all about does your body have the right combination of them at the right time when your body is making proteins. And let's say you're chicken breast and chicken breasts is higher in histidine and maybe some of the other amino acids that aren't considered essential. Your body can pull from some of those other places maybe maybe have an excess of some amino acids in the chicken breasts. You body can pull you see I'm going with this like yeah, yeah, you can complete protein eventually make it. But I still agree with you guys with the system like I and my head. I'm adding the six ounces of chicken. I'm adding the six ounces of steak. I'm adding the two scoops away. I'm not sitting there micro five grams of protein from from the oats. You're not counting out of the one gram of. Now like I'm I'm counting it for the caloric sense of just to keep a rough tally so that they don't come back to me and say this doesn't add up but yeah. Yeah, so. Here's a fun one from Lucas he says um off topic when doing grocery shopping what is the first thing you go for and we'll stop right there because he had a second one too. I think it matters to determine like which grocery store I'm going into because like if you go into the grocery store most of them at least up here enters you right into the produce section. So I kind of just go produce fruits meets and fishes and then around the store to like the eggs and then if we need anything in between I go in between but. We know what I mean like it's for me it's it's not like I walk into the store and like oh I got to get this first I walk into the store and oh my produce and my veggies are right in front of me I'll grab those now because they're in proximity. Yeah, I'm similar I'd almost pick it up and look at this question but a better question would be why does this why do the same stores in a grocery store chain. Why are they set up differently why is the produce in the dairy in different places in different safeways it's a fucking safeway just put them in the same spot so when you go to a different one hopeful the same damn way. I go into a different one I got to try to find where the fuck is my meat why I have it set up this. Yeah, but I'm so I do something similar I think my only thing is this funny that you say different different stores because that you know I go to why go to Whole Foods for specific things and I have to go to Target for other shit. And I will not go to this public's down here because it's downtown let's just say it's it's. I am a pretentious deck and it's low brow I'm just gonna say it's fucking low. I like public I do too I do too this one specifically though because it's downtown it's very very small and very limited when you only have it I don't go there for Ben and Jerry specifically but when you don't have Ben and Jerry's other than the little trial size and it's in one fucking flavor cherry Garcia I'm going somewhere else. Yeah, I'm going to go to the trash anyway I go for my chicken first because I go in and I tell him I need 10 to 12 pounds because I cook it for the week while he's doing that and it's the same guy all the time so if my daughter goes in she'll ask you know like, oh you know we kind of know him same for my wife. So then I go around I get my other shit and then I come back to get my meat so I always go for chicken I go get groceries based on the fact that I need my protein source for the week otherwise I'm not going to fucking grocery store. We you know I have to think Victoria for being in my life because now we we rate everything down on a whiteboard on the refrigerator so we have like an Italian list and then we go together a lot of times and she'll snap a picture of it. So that way we stay organized otherwise it's all in my head and ever did grocery lists before that and I was pretty good because I was only buying like seven different things and before the pandemic I'd go to the grocery store every day I'm day to get two items after I trained it was my vacation from like getting out of the house and all that go to the gym go to the grocery store go home. It's still is kind of like semi vacation we have my year here it's called a lot of people call it myers with an ass but there's no air thrifty acres. Yeah, yeah, exactly you know it's get so we don't know myers as you call it here and there's the clothing department and they have everything else all your pharmacy stuff. I'm lawn care into like then like hunting and sporting goods and that's all on one side of the store the other side of the store is a grocery area so my. What's what's the word I'm looking for here like when you might when you got your game my game plan is that we park on that side with all the home good stuff. There's less people parked there so we can park you know it's not a cart and people banging around and everything and then we go in that side get anything we need from like you know hair or stuff or whatever. And vitamins and then we just casually strong we walk through the like home good areas and look at the lawn care stuff and and we finally make it back to ward the actual food now we can start from the back and work our way forward. And then we don't have to you know and then because Victoria has the list we're very efficient we hit that I am we're like oh yeah we need you know coconut oil cooking spray or you know stevia whatever. Tell you guys are newly married. Yeah, I'll tell my wife I'm like hey I'm going to go to the grocery when I go she's like. I'm like what are you going to do I'm going to say here my phone. I'm watching play you. Like what like we don't do things like that anymore. That's a very very fun for her to be worse. We'll stop the grocery store on the way home and like she's telling me all the stuff we need on the way and then like I start to turn the car she's like not not don't turn it off. I'm like. Oh, she's already on her phone. Yeah, I'm like what she works out because honestly you know us as coaches we're sodium sedentary that I actually do like going to grocery store for the steps aspect of it. Yeah, so I purposely perk part farther away even then so I can walk in and then I kind of walk the aisles even when I don't need to just to get my steps up towards the end of the day so not take a walk at night. So we don't yeah we here's the thing is like we don't do we don't go out to do fun stuff like this to us is that is our fun skip that is our fun. We're looking to see what what lawn chairs they have now for you know spring or whatever that's like yeah. You know there's an app Scott that connects the two of you that like grocery list or something where you put everything down and then like if she checks in when she's like driving on you know driving out and about and she needs to stop the grocery store she can look and see oh Scott put down that we need to do it. And then she hit the button and it chalks it off the list for you so that when you go you're like oh we need cleaning supplies well I'm in Walmart I can pick those up so just kind of like it's like a running list. You guys have to understand though we're both here 24 hours a day we don't leave us like we if we leave it's like you want to do a big adventure today let's go to a different grocery store. You know. You try to find the produce department. Yeah. All right well listen we got a wrap this thing up we actually went a little bit long I appreciate everybody hanging with us guys if you want to reach out to any of us for coaching we'd be happy to talk to you. You can go to team skip dot com you can go to body berry dot com that's with a B E R R Y not in A you can reach out to me and make daily diets at Gmail that not excuse me. We're going to go to our website that's going to be a big hit up our great sponsor is true nutrition dot com user code think. If you're in Canada supplement source dot C A and check out our Patreon if you're not a part of that like I said I've been putting out some additional bonus features over there thanks a lot guys and we'll see you soon.