Most people always think that the solution for legging body parts is a different training split or some fancy stuff or whatever. Legging body parts are there because the movement quality is not the right one because you are not hitting the muscle right one. So you need to dial it down and get to the right movement pattern before you can put out an intensity or frequency or whatever you prefer by yourself but in the end you must be sure to hit the muscle right. I would describe intensity of having the mental capability to stay in the perfect form and really have a maximum exhaustion of the target muscle. Yes, yes. That's such an energy-consuming process that it will melt you completely down. And nobody can tell me if you put that intensity in that you can do of an exercise more than two or three sets because then the intensity just hasn't been there. Hey everybody, welcome to It's Just Body Building. I'm Big Ron Parlo and of course I'm here with Dusty Handshot and the producer Scott McNally. Remember to like, share, subscribe, comment and ring the bell. Yes, ring the bell. Remember I am mutant.com. Here's your code's Dusty and Big Ron. Get your all in, get your ISO surge and everyone should get on the gear. Okay, we are here, special guest today. We're not going to bore you with just us three charming meatheads talking about how we're used to be good at something. We're going to bring in Steph and Angel. Yes, the boss of Outlaw, boss of Outlaw, boss of Outlaw, and Kenzel. Good to have you on the show, my friend. I'm on it. Yeah, all the way from Vienna. First question, who is the oldest of us? Ah, me? I think you're, you got them. I think you're a little older than I am, Ron. So that's, that's fine. I'm 81. I'm 81. I just a few months. You got me by a few months. I have you. No. You and I are the same. We're both 80. Or do you mean the 1781? Yeah, yeah, I'm a pretty 81. Oh, no, I'm 75. So there you go. Oh fuck, okay. Yeah, oh fuck. You're a little bit too bad. He's like, oh fuck. I'm at the youngest for once in my life at May of 81. That wasn't quite the reaction I was looking for. But I said 75. We're shocked. He's even alive. It's like, oh, we're fucked. Fell out of his chair. But at least we're at the same generation, I would say. Yeah, oh yeah. Which is not that often, they know what's for. No, no, we get irritated by a lot of the same things I'm sure. So it's good to have you on. Obviously, you know, you're one of the guys behind the scenes with his fingers in a lot of projects. You know, helping a lot of these athletes and I know there's a lot of mystique to what, you know, coaches are doing with guys and everyone trying to copy everyone's protocols and, you know, I think you're one of the reasons why cereal made such a comeback recently, are you not? Yeah, could be. I just hear everyone at work through the steps got eat cereal postwork out. So I don't know if that's what you're doing. Yeah, I think, you know, a lot of those things get back to my personal bodybuilding career and my illnesses. So I'm, I have called it the suits of Rosa. And I had a lot of, a lot of bad episodes during my bodybuilding time and that was also the reason why it was nearly impossible for me to build muscles. So I was always on the search to find easy, digesting food. Because that was the only possibility to get the food in and not getting my digestive system to say, hey, hey, hey, that's too much. We're going to rid of it without doing any digestion. Yeah, that's, that's now more, it's 25 years ago when I actually the first Stefan classic was, but that was more in Europe, where I said that the people should eat grits. Okay, because it was so fast digested. And later, just normal caldox conflicts came into the game because actually they have the same purpose. It's not that much processed food, you know, it's easy to digest. Most people feel like it's kind of a threat for you. So you're getting something special and it's like chocolate or something like that. But the best purpose of of of of feeding the new trends with fast digestive carbohydrates, especially if the base is corn. Very good after training easy plane, cheap good stuff. We're trying to eat grits. So if it works, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, that's it. I remember that's a sales video up here in Canada. We don't see grits on the shelf. So we were all watching Ronnie Coleman's videos and we're like, oh, okay, get some grits. Because like, you know, and if our friend was going to the states or something, we'd be like, oh, he brings back a box of grits and this is a quick grits, you know, like, you're stepping a thing. It's really funny. And of course Masterpiece BBQ sauce. Yeah, we had a store, which was called Bobby's food store. He was importing British and American food. Okay. So you were able to buy that, what was it? 250 grams of grits for about $10. Oh, they are. And I went there always bought everything of them and ate a day, $10 of grits. But what I never managed to get was that fat free cheese he had. All right. Yeah, that was the kicker. The fat free cheese in the man. That was really the kicker, the fat free cheese on top. But you got to go to American Walmart for that. You got to come straight to the source, you know, the class in place. But actually, Ron, he was was my first, I would say my first idol in that sport, you know, I started to train when he was on his prime and that great material or car, with movies, we just, I just, I think they, they went randomly, the whole day, every day before training after training, I was just watching me to a local car. Yeah, the original was your documentary of bodybuilding watching J. Bozzo, meal, how I grew up. But the most fascinating thing for me of the Ronny videos was always Ronny going into black eyed piece, ordering his meal and picking out the corn of pizza or whatever it was. Why did he never order it without it? That was part of his process. That's part of the magic part of the magic. You, let's, let's talk about your beginning's bodybuilding. I, I know that from what I've heard, you know, like you mentioned with the colitis, I was trying to find foods that were easy to digest. What, how do you think, you know, what's your bodybuilding background and how do you think it, it affects you and molds you as a coach. You know, obviously the colitis is a big part of that. You got to have the tricks and work around for that. What other things do you think, you know, are kind of your experience based? I think one big thing is that I studied medicine. So when I started bodybuilding, I was that rock and roll guy playing in a black death metal band, and living the life of rock and roll got fed and ugly. And then a doctor said, it's not so wise to keep that lifestyle. Maybe we should, you should do something. And then my brother bought me a yearly membership in a gym. And actually I went in and it was love at the first site. Everything was for me so logical. I'm a spare artist. So I need everything quite quite clear, quite direct, and I need to go through a pattern. And bodybuilding actually is just like that. You know, go there, repeat, make it better, repeat, make it better, repeat. So it was just fitting so well my personality. But my own path was quite difficult because when I started, I had that quality problem. I was heavily as mad, I had a broken spine. I had a torn chest. I had a part artificial knee. I had a seven-time broken arm. So when I started bodybuilding, I would say handicap. So how many times seven times a blind eye? I had a time broken arm. Stop my gutting your mother. I got a interrupt of it. Some point that he gets to the seven-time broken arm. But I got questions. My mother said at the time I was running somewhere, I was running against something. So you broke your arm seven times just being hyper? No, sometimes for example, I broke my arm and because in that season, I broke it four times the fifth time, I didn't tell my parents and I just went to school with a broke arm. That's a boy. Because I knew I would get into serious problems and they wouldn't allow me to drive the bike and all that stuff. So when I started bodybuilding, everything was a little bit more difficult. And I had to go more deep into movement patterns. For sure, the medicine study had me because and to me and all that stuff, you know, where muscle runs, how they are innovative, how the movement is. So I was really fast and good in developing training skills. On the other hand, I need to develop very fast nutrition skills because of my personal problems with the digestion. And the third thing I was quite fast with developing chemical skills because I was just studying medicine. And in that time, I had my pharmacology seminar. So I think it was just a good combination of genetic effectors with pure love and passion for that sport because it was so fascinating with me. And my being quite retarded, and then making the best out of it. So I was competing to four, five and six. And then my wife, which I was together since 2000. Yeah, we are now together since 25 years. She came up with the idea I shouldn't keep doing the sport on a professional or on a competition level. And she was completely right because in that period of time I nearly died three times. So it was better to maybe change the site and get into coaching. And I started coaching in 2007. And it was the best decision of my life. What are some of the things that you said you nearly died three times? So were these dehydration run-ins with two? No, it was just pushing everything to the border. One time I lost so much blood because I got the qualities. I think that it was the day before the show. And I always, when I went to the toilet, I filled the toilet up with blood. So I wasn't dehydrated for the show. I was bloodless for the show. Still went on stage. It was quite serious, but it worked out somehow. Then very, really a bad story. I had a bad injection. And I refused to go to the doctor. And my temperature went up to 41.80 degrees. So I was really close for having a sexist like running our head. It was also quite close. And within that time that actually has nothing to do with bodybuilding, I had a coax in which was quite serious. Ah, okay. What I want to ask you something you casually mentioned that you were in a death metal band. Oh yeah? I just want to know, well, first of all, what did you do? Do you play guitar or your drummer? What were you doing? Base, base. Oh, okay. That's not a base player. The thunder. You know, the cool guys, which get the chicks and it's different. Yeah, yeah. I'll true. I never had a. No, no, no, I got a thunderbird right there. See, I got, has it gotten me any chicks? My wife, my wife fell nice. My wife pays no attention to my base playing whatsoever. So, um, yeah, no one played base for the chicks did they. What I want to know what the, the mentality of a hard core musician like that. What are the parallels to bodybuilding? Because just like, repetitive. Yeah, they're completely different. Yeah, they're completely different. They're completely parallel. Everything I did in my life was pushing it to whatever is possible. You know, I'm always striving for the best performance possible within any individual or even when it comes to my part. And I come out of a musical family. I had a classical scholarship with two cousins, playing at the Philharmonics. But I was the black sheep of the family. I started with clearing it. But then I turned into base and went the dark side. Yeah. And it's, it's, it's, it's, it's completely the same with bodybuilding. Try to learn a correct movement and get better in it. Because even when it comes to playing guitar or bass, if your technique isn't well, and you just go over and over and then your technique doesn't improve. You will never have fine playing skills. And I think that's the biggest parallel to, to when it comes to bodybuilding sport. Because most people always think that the solution for legging body parts is a different training split or some fancy stuff or whatever. Legging body parts are there because the movement quality is not the right one, because you are not hitting the muscle right one. Right. You need to dial it down and get to the right movement pattern before you can put out on intensity or frequency or whatever you prefer by yourself. But in the end, you must be sure to, to hit the muscle right. And that's the same with playing guitar. You, you need to have the fingers need to be in the right angle. You know, you need to have the right pattern on the system and then you can improve and practice. Yep. Just hammering in the right form. Yeah. And execution. And then get incredibly fast. Especially for that stuff. We, you have 47 pro wins, right? Is that what you're at now? 57. 57. Okay. Don't shoot him on a four years in four years. We can't keep the, the Googling can't keep up. Yeah. People aren't updating your Wikipedia fast enough for Google. No, it was, it was quite good for you. Now, yeah. Damn. What's what? What do you, what do you think you do that makes you good at coaching body builders your way? I think the biggest difference in me to, to, to some of the modern coaches, I would say most of the old school coaches are the same than me. I mean, I don't want to tell them the things they want to tell just to stay my customers. If they say it's getting boring and they want a different training split because I think then I will grow. I will say no. We go over your movement. We analyze your intensity. You have to invest more time in that. I just want to win. I don't want to make people happy. I was always happy when I loved that. Yeah. That that that usually comes then. But the way to that is, you know, I really recognize that these times, you know, people or customers or athletes want to get entertained somehow. You know, or want to feel whatever special or want to get always new things and running after new things, searching for the holy grail. And there is no holy grail. It's pure fucking work doing every day, the every same shit and getting better, better in, in what you need to do and getting better in what you do and put passion in it. That will bring success if you have the right genetics for it. But it's just not that entertaining fancy shit which will produce winners. I completely hear what you say. And there's an entire generation of competitors that have been kind of sold the idea that there's a lot of fun. I'm not selling it. Actually, if you have the right person for fun has to be in the training. Hard. Like, yeah, you know, it's, you know, it's, it's the fun is fuck I'm better than yesterday. Yeah. That needs to drive you and motivate you. Yeah. I've done the same exercise now for three weeks. I want a different one. And then exercise you do for three weeks. It's still done shit, you know. Right. Right. What, what do you obviously we've got to talk about? EERS. Huh? Yeah. I mean, that's the big news. What everyone's saying. What's going on? What's your take? What are the conversations you've been involved with? What's your eye on your eyes on your eyes? Yeah, you know, what's, what's, what's, is, is, is, is, is, I would say, kind of a son. Because I will never forget 20, we met first time, 2019 when he got pro. He, he, the, Proposally, he wrote to me to get coach by me. I think was 10 pages long. You're kidding. He was telling from his childhood, all that stuff. And we started working for his, for his first, a pro show after he got pro where he then got second in, D. He won and won his second pro show. He won. It was Tampa. Then he got four. He won every other show except the Olympia. He always got third. But so it was a quite crazy career from the start. We, we, we, we, we, we started with 100 kg in the off season when we met. So first year of competing here at 94 kg on stage when he won Tampa. And got fourth at the Olympia. Then it was about 97, 98 and his cap now is 102. And in this off season after he really struggled last year, mentally with, you know, it's so much pressure in those classic physique because those guys have so incredible much muscle. And I would say nearly all of the top 10 have to sacrifice some muscle to get into the limit, you know. And within the last Olympia in the time after he, he went so fast to 130 without even doing anything stupid or, or intense, it just happened naturally. And when we started the prep for this Olympia, he started to look incredibly with 125. You know, that's 222. When, when, when, when two is his limit, one or two. So, it's two months ago, it was exactly on the Portugal weekend. We had a conversation. And, you know, it was clearly that there is no way that when we bring that body down to 102, that it will look good. Yeah, which had to look to 102, to 102, four pounds and he was at, which had to 65 pounds. Yeah, he's 75. Yeah, he's 75. And now and now he is at 118 kg. And that's what we want to bring, that's what we're going to bring on stage. Oh, all right. I would, I would said if we wouldn't have brought it down last year, it would have been about 110, 110. So still way over. Way over, but last year, you know, okay, that 10 kg, we just beat it down, you know, bam, bam, bam, bam, yeah. But it just, it just makes no sense because he's losing completely his look and, and I was in Stuttgart on Thursday. And until that, I was kind of, yeah, it's really that heavy, really. And I, you know, when you get pictures, you, you, you can't get the size of the athlete. I saw the condition is on everything is good, but you can't get the size. And I was so incredibly happy when I saw him last Thursday life because it really looks fucking good, you know? It's clearly open body building. It's a brilliant condition. It's very, very nice symmetry. Is he on his limit now? No, we have way to improve still, but I think it will have a really big impact. So with that plan for him, then as far as shows based on this decision. So we confirmed Italy and often Bach. Those two. And we want to try to give all everything, you know, and see where he stands and then make future plans. Nice. Wow. I'm still stuck on how hard he had to have died to get down. I mean, did you guys, you guys must have got to the point at the end where like there were days that he was hardly eating anything at all? He has, he has the luck of having a quite okay metabolism. Okay. But still if your metabolism is good when you burn that much calories, you're still hungry as fuck. So it doesn't sound that bad still. But still for that individual, it's fucking bad because he burns just everything, you know? Yeah. What's your strategy with making weight? You know how there's like, if a guy's just a little over, you can do it with kind of food and water like the day before. But then you guys weigh over, you have to burn muscle off. But you would take. I would say, if for example, a guy a three, four, five, six kg of water over weight, you see that one week out, that's easy. That's no problem. Brady for example, Brady King, he's always about 13, 14 pounds over weight the week out, you know? But even without diuretics, I get him in easily with just fasting on the weight in days, having a little sauna, sweating a little more. So that's not the problem. If you are a water guy, but the problem with urses, he is not the water guy. Huh. You know, he's naturally, there is no water to remove. Right. So you really need to bring down the fucking tissue. And that's why it just makes no sense. So it's a little bit the question of a body type. If you are more that water storage type, which stores a lot of water and liquor gain into your muscle, I would say you can manipulate 10 to 12 pounds easy in a week without doing any bad or crazy stuff. But you need to be that storage guy. If you're not that storage guy, you will have a hard time. Yeah. So with the weigh-ins, then say for the, for the Olympia this past year, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, that's what I wanted to say. There's no filling out of the muscle you lost because he's not the storage guy. Yeah. Yeah. You know, that's just, you just gone. It's gone. It's gone. It's gone. It's gone. It's gone. it's gone. And he got different cups, so he told the time, so they were not there. I don't know what I said. Actually, The time Isn't 80 Silver on that bush, this quickly Shenkah he saved a lot of prison money, especially if you're killing the animals. He bought and Sidiously powered he has a lot of money, and I first came out of it, Because if you sit in the audience at the Olympia, you see that difference of the top 10 and the others. You see that they come from another muscular lever. You know? Yeah. It's just the graininess, the quality, the separation quality. It's really sucked down and burned in and cut in muscle. So I don't say that's the biggest difference. You know too. And I've been treated. It's a genetic factor to who can look good, depleted too. Like I got shit. I didn't look like I lifted weights anymore. And you take good, like it guys was really good and you get him depleted. He still looks good. Like you can. There are guys that will still maintain their shape and their look. So I kind of see, I'm getting a perspective on classic that maybe I had in hand before talking to you right now. For example, same ice also a good example. He competed or he got his pro cut in open body building. He got fourth, Josema. Oh, okay. Spanish guy, they incredible shredded mala crazy guy, you know. Yeah. He got pro in open body building and he got at his first pro show was open body building and he got fourth Roman Fritz got fifth. Right. So he beat Roman in that show and for the next year he decided to get down five more KG and do it in classic. Right. And he was already inside out with that extra five on him. Exactly. So that's a whole other level of shredded at that point. Yeah. Exactly. It's really like you think it's a whole other level of shredded. Mm-hmm. Well the other thing that's interesting that I see from watching and knowing these guys is some of them I feel like they must have hollow bones. Like you see, you know, you see Mike the badass and you're like, how are you making weight? You look like an open body builder and he's easily making weight. It's mind-boggling. I think there are two factors. The first one is that they really beat the fat and the condition down like most open guys wouldn't believe. So most open guys would be similar condition to those classic guys would maybe 10 pounds like us. Plus. Yeah. Yeah. The second thing is they all have no weight at their waist. Yeah. Yeah. There's that bone symmetry that's small waist which really spare a lot of weight. You know? That's a good one. That's and then the illusion of having that bubbly muscle with a small waist just shows that they can have less weight but still display that heavy looking and full and muscular looking for six. We're great. I wanted to ask you about training because we, you know, dusty and I and Scott as well, we come from, you know, a lot of like progressive resistance, you know, I come from the Dorian days like that sort of stuff. And your training is along those lines isn't it's focused on intensity, not volume. And it is but it's not that I would say volume doesn't work. Right. You know, I have a clear idea in my head. When you as a coach, because as a coach, your tool is feedback. Yeah. You know, you get feedback and you need to do something with that feedback. If guys tell me with intensity training or low volume training, they don't get a pump and they don't feel anything, I immediately know the movement is not right. Because if you have the right movement in the second rep of the movement, you will get blood filling the muscle and you will feel it. If you're doing volume training, the blood flow is circulating around and you feel like kind of pump, but it's pump everywhere, but just not in the target muscle. So for me, the feedback of I get a pump, I get a good stimulus. I'm able to finish my target muscle with less volume shows me that the quality of movement is better. And that's what we all have to achieve. You know, the problem or the danger with volume training is that you get exhausted from the system, but you didn't treat your target muscle right. And the target muscle is an exhausted, but you are overly dead exhausted that you feel the training was good. But actually you are shit and you still your chest, for example, doesn't grow. You've done 20 sets of bench press, but you've done it all for the front tell 10 to triceps. Right. So that's why I think especially that sounds kind of strange for beginners or people who are not that advanced. A low volume approach can be easier to really learn the quality of movement, which in the end will lead to more muscular stimulus and growth. I like that. What do you think are more fun? And it's more fun. Yeah. That's something that I tell everyone this should be fun. You know, you should like what you're doing. I get the vibe that some people think the whole process is misery. But if I could just get the outcome, then I'll enjoy it. Yeah, that's completely wrong mindset. Imagine if you are a cyclist and you need to drive 500 kilometers or miles. But we can't you don't like it. You will be a miserably bad cyclotriva. Yeah. What are some of your, I mean, your reputation. Obviously, guys go to you because they see that your clients are shredded and they see someone win shows and they, I'm going to get the boss about a lot of help me. What do you think drives your reputation for the conditioning like how? What do you focus on to get someone conditioned on stage? What's, what do you do and what are the things that you kind of think or your protocol? I think that changed a little bit over the year with a lot of discussion with Steve, Tyler or other churches is to understand how bodybuilding is touched. When, when they would have been the Stefan 10 years ago, he would have said, shredded to the bone is always the right thing. Okay. As shredded as possible. But I would say there's the right shredded for every person. And you need to find that balance. If you have shredded loads, but you completely lose your legs. Yeah. Whatever, you are, it depends a little bit on the class you are in. But you might be fucked up, so there is a sweet spot for everyone. And also shredded is, or what most people out there understand the shredded. Let's take the, for example, shredded clout. You know, if you have shredded loads is not only based in if you are dry and have no fat. It's how the muscle is structured. Right. How good the contraction quality of that muscle is. Who else has shredded loads with 40 pounds over straight weight? Yeah. But he has no shredded back because the contraction quality he has in that muscle and the muscle density and the muscle richness is not that high as in areas he has a good contraction quality. The same is for quads. You know, people who are able to contract their quads incredibly good like branch or chy green. They have that super striated quads, but that doesn't mean that they are quads are more straight than most shredded than filiefs quads. Who hasn't that much strations. So it's a little bit finding that balance for that specific person and how he has to present and show it. Right. Do you feel like that's something obviously conditioning is something we all hammer. I mean you get on stage fat or you know in good shape and you're next to some of the shredded. You start to look fat. But I do feel like there's a line there where a lot of people lose where I really think that coaches or the athletes and to be looking at their photos and saying, Okay, but when my glutes crossed this mark where they were all the way in, where did my quads go? Where it was my chest is full, you know. And so really analyzing the whole picture because you have to ask yourself, would the you with shredded glutes win or lose to the you that had slightly feathered glutes, but you were blown out. Yeah, that's the point and you need to find the balance and you need to find that balance in combination with the feedback you get. William for example is is is the point you know we we displayed a lot of different looks with William last year in Portugal when he won in do. Congrats by the way. I can I'll thank you and 20 23 I know 20 20. We have 20 25 now in 20 24 and I got the same feedback for from every look. No, bring him as full and round as possible. Right. So the difference between for example was 96 kg in Dubai. 20 24 to for example 105 in Detroit or in the world where we got the where we got the feedback. Okay. We really were impressed by that mass and the volume and the picture he displayed because he's always kind of conditioned. Yeah. You know William, but it could be sat down a little bit more or it could be more popping and round muscle and the legs back up filled the shoulders back up filled. But keeping the eye on having the midsection is good as possible is how they want to see William. Oh, that balance is the trait was incredible too. I've been a bonnet fan for long time. I was lucky enough to be backstage with him. One of the years that he won, I think it was 2019. I can't remember for sure at the Arnold classic and then I was that look was burned into my brain. And so as a fan of his, you know, he took some time off and then seeing him come back. I see what you're saying now. I didn't realize that the size was that the size like we're talking a lot of way in our hands. Yeah. Seeing him come back and then when he got to Detroit, I was like, oh, this is the bonnet of old. This is the same bonnet if not better. And I think we even looked at some comparison pictures. We talked about him several times on the show about how bonnet just like we were joking that he was a guy that wouldn't go away. Like, you know what I mean? He just he's back again and right in the mix all the time. May have been better, I think, than we were outside Arnold. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. The legs were even tighter, I think. Yeah, I think the next gain some gain some quality. I'm sure I'm sure about that. He has some injuries to deal with it, but still he makes an incredible drop. The goal for this Olympia is to get a little bit tighter. So a little bit trying to keep that volume and having that good symmetry, but getting tighter as I would say the first half of the year. Okay. That's what we want to try. Nice. That's okay. Yeah. Go ahead. I'm sorry. But before we got too far away, I had one other questions. So with Uruz, you had mentioned that the contractility of his glutes. You're going to see a lot more striations there than in the back. So I want to step back to the process of turning Uruz into an open monster. I assume that part of that is probably going to be more focus in back training. Can you give us any type of insight into what you're doing with him training wise? Now that we've heard a little bit about your training philosophies and we talked about Uruz and his whole movement to open. I'd love to hear. Like, what does that look like? It's completely simple. It's getting your movement, right? Yeah. Yeah. Especially when it comes to back, you know, you could, you could. People always, for example, when you say, okay, you need to do that lot movement. You know, a lot pulled down or a single arm row. That won't keep your luts grow. If you do it with your traps or if you do it with your biceps and a lot of you down. So that's the issue the most people have it. There is no exercise which which which solves your problem. It's how you do the exercise. And that's something which needs to be trained. I think that's why it's called training. It's it's not going from a day to another. And the the chump of the quality of the back, the feathering he kind of never had from last season to this year is really, really impressive. And tissue will follow you know, it's just the, it's just the matter of time. But seeing that the muscle quality is getting better now and starting to match his legs quality wise is so good to see because the chose me that is really able to contract the right fibers and it's really able to contract in the right area. So if calories are up, if he's having progressive training and getting better in what's it does intensity is never a question with him. He has he's just so much 100% when he trains. So there's no doubt the muscle will follow where the movement goes. So it sounds like you're saying it was like a technique development is. And training and getting better whenever every time we meet we do back. So it's just it always was the main focus from from his first show because that was always his weak part and his weak part. It was easy to detect because the movement was just not right. It wasn't good, you know, when you see his from the first day when you see his chest training. There is no mistake. That's why I can't say perfect chest, same for shoulders or same for quotes when you do when you see him doing a hex quote. It's just pure perfection the movement. You're perfection and that's why they have that crazy quality. But in the back there was the movement was just not that good in compared to the rest of his body. So you just need to train and get better in what you do to display in the end what the people want to see. Is that remember? I'm sorry. I'm trying to just dig deeper because I want to understand. Is it like a range of motion thing or I mean how do you do that? I guess that's what I'm saying. No, it's it's it's how you can control it. If if we take the back we have the let's we have the TFS. We have the rhomboids. We have the tracks and if you do a movement from the front to the back you can move you can use all of those. Okay. Yeah, or you can you can kind of isolate it. The problem is when it comes to an imbalance back and mostly I would say people are lacking. Let's. No, they mostly they have good upper back but let's are lacking. But they are doing every movement they do with the with the rhomboids with a terrace with with their traps, but they are not getting into the lads because the angle is not right. Yeah, they train in the problem is also the body is asshole. You know, if if you if you get a imbalance and you ramp up intensity your body would always take the strong muscles and keep the the weak muscles by sight. So we need to do a completely reset of the movement to get into that right area and that's sometimes just steps back to get improved again. I think for me, the eye open a my career was fill heath. Okay. If you take a look at Phil Heath, how he developed his back from his first approach to his first Olympia that was just mind blowing. Yeah, actually he started his career with just big arms and I would say a quite not this bad back but the back was nowhere. Okay, he was okay, but he built up his lads insanely and I think he was he was a guy and finally I saw a video two days before where he said he quite soon understand how he was able to stimulate the muscle. The muscle with the weight not just lifting using the muscle and get the. Yeah, in in that right in the right area, you know to get big sometimes is easier. Then to get beautiful and balanced because to get balanced you need to to really have those skills to to get the contraction quality into the area you need to. That's why why a lot of great bodybuilders never want the Olympia title take then is wolf imagine if then is wolf would have brought up his lads like his upper back. Yeah, okay. We would have destroyed the whole season. But that way is upper but his his upper back was I think so mother fucking dominant in every movement that it was impossible to get even in that area. That's that's the part of the feedback that I feel like people miss it. It's like their thought is if I'm doing these three movements and only my upper back is growing throw them all away. And do these other movements as opposed to learn to move your body to where you're hitting the the parts that are lacking like you said because that's. Still you always see could be very very dangerous because in those three other movements they probably also use the upper back. Right exactly. Yeah, you can't get away from finding you. You have to find a way to make it right. Keep those three exercises they actually do for their lads and learn them how to do them for. Yes, it's funny because I had I would have people watch some of the things I do and they'd say what part of the back is that hitting and I'm like all of it. And and they would know but like specifically I'm like all of it. I will wake up tomorrow sore from my head to my ass crack. You know, I wasn't for years in years. I trained with a good grow in my Terry's got really strong. My your adults got really strong. My rhomboids got really strong. Guess what didn't get strong by lads and stuff on your your solidifying a lot of thoughts I've had about back training. And I loved hearing it because that's for me. I had to back way off and really find a lot of humility to learn how to activate the actual that and then from there six months later the lap blew up. And if that's what yours has done then look the hell out because his back is going to get insane moving forward. You know what I'm saying? For me also intensity I would describe that way. I wouldn't describe intensity which. Moving the highest possible way from A to B. I would describe intensity of having the mental capability to stay in the perfect form and really have a maximum exhaustion of the target muscle. Yeah, yes. That's such an energy consuming process that it will melt you completely down. And nobody can tell me if he puts that intensity in that he can do of an exercise more than two or three sets because then the intensity just hasn't been there. Yeah, I agree a million percent because I feel like when you mentioned earlier when guys can't get a pump. And I think it's funny because I have broken shoulders so I'll warm up on like an incline with 135 for two sets. And on my second warm up my chest looks like I've trained. It's just blown out and I've done 20 reps with 135 and I'm thinking what do you mean you did a full workout and didn't get a pump that doesn't make sense. It really doesn't when you don't have a pump you don't have to you have not trained the muscle you want to train. Yeah, yeah, yeah, it's almost impossible. You're like if you have salt water and a little food you should be good to go. Yeah, you don't need tops for getting a pump. Some soda even some water you're good to go. Yeah, I love these little gems. I think more people will walk away from this episode and start thinking, okay, if I'm doing these movements and they're not working. Make some alterations. You should use the that's something I stress to clients because I do a lot of progressive overload. But I tell them how you do your warm ups. That's your feeler sets is what's going to transfer into that working set. If you're just moving the way around and then you're going to jump in your working set. It's going to look like dog shit too because you didn't get the mind connecting with the body feeling the muscle fire. And now you can turn your brain off because it's just in that piston movement. It'll just go. You're training for that. Yeah, now you can just grip and rep it'll take care of itself. 100% I'm completely with you. That's why warming up is and I would say the false thing even in German. It's just bad to say warm up because everybody then thinks it needs to do super fast reps and doing one hand with reps. And but it should be a preparing set or something which really you get into the movement. You're perfect the movement. You have the right seat position. You have the right angle. The machine is done correctly that you can hammer the set where you go all out. Yeah, I think that that's key to especially because we'll do a lot of like timed a centrics. So like a four count and I tell them during your warm ups, you're because you're not pushing hard. You're literally saying in your mind for three, two, one. And if you've done that for your four or five feeder sets by the time you get to your working set, that's just the speed. You're just going to naturally move at. You don't have to count anymore. Your body just knows to move at that pace. You know what I mean? I love it. I love that we were able to dive a little bit deeper into this. I had one more thing to say about. Errs from earlier was I'm not surprised he's going open because I saw him in Toronto one time in the off season and his calves were so humongous. I remember standing I said hi to him and then we were kind of just talking with some people and I remember staring at his calves. It'd be like that's no way anyone in the classic division on the planet has calves at big. In the way they betrayed them in the off. I couldn't believe how big they were in the off season. Like he was blown up. He looked heavy like 275. I just I was like how in the world is he how is he classic with calves at humongous like 20 pounds in each calf like making weight was just shrinking his calves. It was it was crazy. I'm not surprised his calves are so you really never trained it. I think they are so big because his first professional sport was actually break dancing. I think that those jumps you know and there were no that stuff just put around. Good neural muscular connections. Yeah. Because I had moderate on we did a video of him the other day when I had met him he credited his calves to boxing. Yeah. Yeah. He's like I was on my toes for the first 15 years of my life. Yeah. I was like I was a trained him out but they were huge when I started. I remember I asked Dallas Mcarver about his humongous calves and Dallas told me that his mom used to yell at him all the time because he walked on his toes. Oh really? She said he walked he said he what he is whole childhood he walked on his toes. He went up and down on every step and his mom would be like, What walking on your toes? And he was like, Oh, like it was just a habit he had. And then you feel fast forward and he had these enormous calves and you just wonder like, you know, you're watching the don't have kids yet. He's been the walk on their toes. I was like, I was like, I'm going to make me walk on my toes. Yeah. I just think you wonder. Run I got to see if that was the same thing. I guess. No. I just got where they are. That's how you got those. Oh man. I'm never trained of him. I lost. I missed out. Oh, I've run my also had that calves. You know, if playing the double base just. Oh yeah. Yeah. Just blew up. That's funny. I, uh, we got obviously you've worked with like an incredible list of people. You've worked with like, you know, so many great pros. We're just, I don't know, like, you know, it's hard to know. We're up to speed if these are all still your guys. But I just wanted to throw some names at you. And just see what your reaction is. I could stay up to story or any comments about working with them or what they were like. But, uh, what about me? We already talked about Bonak and Irz. What about like Brett Wilkin? I see huge potential in Brett Wilkin and I, and always it's so funny. Because I think he is younger, but he's not as old as we. But he, but he's actually quite old. And what I like in his body is that that body is still so fresh. You know, that body is still so popping. I'm, you know, he and Brett, they are just the best friends. And for me as a coach, it's, it's great to work with both because if they're a coach, if there is a problem, I can talk with them with the other one. And, you know, they are so objective to each other that it's just a team of three, which, which really works great together. And it's, it's a huge fan in the second good and positive thing is I just always know that they are training is bang on. Oh, yeah. Because when those two are training, there is no, no prison amate. Because they are just completely nuts in how, how doing it. And I'm, I'm really looking forward to to see him. The first time this year on the Olympia stage, because last time he missed it due to his stomach problems, we, it seemed that we have to sof everything everything is really running smooth now. And, and I'm looking forward. And then obviously Martin, what's the take there with Martin just, I mean obviously there are three team. I still believe Martin is, is, is, is, is, is, is one of those special guys who could get or will get in my opinion to the complete, the top of that sport because, he brings a lot of intelligent into that sport, the way he, he, he gets and does things they, they are clearly incredible. And he's super super young. We still need some density and quality and specific muscle groups, but it's all going into into the right direction. I think it was a big surprise last year, so Olympia, nobody has thought about that, that could happen. We thought that that could happen. But this year is different, you know, that the, the pressure situation is definitely something which is new. But also now seven weeks out today's check in, have been very, very, very optimistic. In New York, we, we went for getting, our Pittsburgh, getting him as full as possible on stage after discussion with Steve. He, he said, he's anyway round and we should go back to what we did at Olympia, not catch up some stage. Catch up some size because he need to be the, the, the super shredded guy still with round muscle and he always has round muscle. So that's the strategy for that Olympia. Nice. What about the reader? I love Sean. Work equal Sean, you know, that's an dictionary. That's, that's just in the dictionary. He's just, he's something else, isn't he? Just incredible, you know, it's, his work ethic, his, his drive to win, his will to win his. It's just, just great, you know, we, he really brought up the legs. He's doing a great job in that. He's doing a lot of work in getting his best midsection. We could get possible with, with that incredible size he has. Yeah. He just has the bad luck of being that short. Otherwise he, he, I strongly believe he could be that guy who could dominate even open. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It would be a little bit taller because it's just, his muscle mass is just fucking ridiculous. Yeah. You make him five ten is a multiple time, Mr. Olympia champion. One hundred percent. It's, it is amazing to, you know, you look at pictures of him like last year, the look he had, like the craziest look by himself on stage. You, it's one of the, he's one of the greatest bodybuilders of all time. Well, hands, that's far as if he goes the same hands down. Easy. I see it the same. Easy. It, it, it, I have to say two men just can grats on the work you guys did to get that last year because it, it, the words not resurrected because it's not like he was gone. You know what I'm saying? But yeah, it's just, it's all, yeah, but it evolved him into this like he was always crazy. But it was like to take somebody who was already a, a two, 12 Olympia champ into the world. Yeah. Right. And now, take him that step further. It was just, as a fan of the sport, it was so satisfying to see that look. So thank you. And also as a fan of bodybuilding, you know, he's, he's just a great guy because when he goes on stage, it's just party time. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. He, he seemed, though, like, I think what, what I was thinking when you were talking Scott was, I felt, I felt that Sean had maxed out his physique. That's what it was. Because I mean, there was no, there was nowhere, you couldn't look at him and say, what he needed, which is usually pretty easy in bodybuilding. You go, well, if this guy gets his arms bigger, he'll be better. Was Sean, you couldn't see that. Then you come back a year and you're like, how does a guy who I just thought had maxed out his physique? That's what it was. When up 20% and then things that you didn't even think were weaknesses in comparison were, my curiosity is, what did you guys change to bring so much out of him? Because he's from speaking to him, he felt like his prep was more enjoyable. Was, I don't want to use this word incorrectly, but easier. Yeah. You know, for him to get through. So what, what do you guys do to make that happen? Same with the same as with William. It's keep cardio. What? What would you train like that you don't have to? It was really, and Sean, who is such a workhouse, he begged for cardio. Yeah, he was. I was feeling bad. Can I do it in time? Can I do it in time? Can I then I saw Instagram videos of he doing cardio? I've wrote, go the fucking of that treadmill. No, it's really respecting more the recovery time, which really gets more important when you get to older. Especially when it comes to leg, I think the main reason why older bodybuilders get skinny leg is that they don't respect that their recovery time gets worse. Right. And they're pounding the stepper and they're pounding the treadmill. Yeah. You probably can do that with 20, 25, you know? You can do anything when you're 25. Exactly. Trust me. But when you get older, cardio can destroy your physique. Sometimes cardio is just necessary when you have a bad metabolism and you need that extra stimulus or calorie output. But both William and Sean, they have quite good metabolism. So it's just a bad choice of overdoing that and then stealing the complete recovery of their weakest body part. That's a huge visionary thing for you to catch because so much of what we do is bodybuilders is just we all do the same thing. You do your cardio, you do your best, you do that. And I don't think many people, myself included, could look at him and go, I think we need to throw the cardio out the window. Yeah. That was that's really a special eye that you had to see that. Did you lower it and then start to see he improved or did you say throw it away? Throw it away. I love it. Just go bold. You're like, I'm tired of this. I want you to sell your treadmill. Just throw it away. Do mobility or posing or whatever, but keep your feet quiet. You see if a muscle looks tired. If a muscle looks tired, he's overdone. So you have two options. Trained less or do less cardio and as we are not marathon runners, we are bodybuilders. The decision is quite easy. I love it. I love it. I love it all the time because I'm not a lover of cardio. It's like, I'm just, I'm not the big cardio guy. I use it. It can be a two-lit. And young people really sometimes need it or some athletes with great legs. Some people sit around all day and with out and if it's really that's. That's some of those personal. Personal questions, you know. Yeah, right. That's one of the things that gets lost in in the less experienced coaches is you'll see the athlete spending more time doing cardio than they spend training and you're like, Well, are you a cardio basketball or are you a muscle athlete? The last thing is it doesn't make sense that you're spending more time and focus on the thing we're not really trying to do. You see these guys doing two hours of cardio and training for 45 minutes. And you're like, yeah. Yeah. Make sure you question it a little bit. Yeah. We're over the hour here. So I just got a couple more for you. Staff and we have a little bit of fun here. What's some of the craziest thing you ever did to fill somebody out after they made weight that worked. It comes down to fluid and sodium. Yeah. Yeah. You just gotta run run up and not through them and not through them and not through them and not through them. And you know, it's really, really important to respect what a body is able to digest. Yeah. Yeah. Nice. And there are certain limits for persons and carbs is just one point but sodium and water is definitely something which can get you to fast results. I'm not that that the junk food guy because it's just, you know, for me or my kind of working or some people just don't understand that is doing something which I can exactly say what I've done. And afterwards having the feedback and if it hasn't been 100% change it to the next time. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Because otherwise everything you do is just motherfucking luck. Yeah. I know that I throw in something now here and I throw something now here and maybe it goes up. But afterwards we don't know what happened. It's just not the way I want to work. Sometimes people, then, you're not giving me that much attention because you plan it and do it in advance. Yeah. I need to do that because I need to see what happens. Or sometimes people think if you have now meal five if you change meal six you will see that one hour later You won't see it you know there's a process of digestion and blah blah blah blah blah blah So you need to have a specific track and Then go back after if it worked or not So getting filled out fast. I would say water and salt Just run it through them. You got to run it through them right yeah, I think a lot of people they think oh I want to fill out two pounds So I'll drink one liter of water because that's two pounds But you have to drink like six liters to get in you You're sweating you're bringing any of the stick in like you out and you have to process like three grams of sodium to get anything to really go into the cells and Yeah, people people think the body is just like a math like they think it's like a math Equal one it's just like there's all this same thing The thermogenesis and all this crazy stuff and actually the biggest fucker It's called to soar Yeah, because you can get up super full and nice and when your nerve goes round you get flat You get Walter and you can't change that you could as much as you want You could drink as much as you want you a fuck so the successful athletes are the stable athletes Yeah, I'll five of them We've all seen that we've all seen people that look like a million bucks and then You know you hear from their friend like oh he's losing his mind in his room man like he's gonna like pull out of the show We're like oh god We're gonna do to just keep this guy calm. He's like hours away from stage You know, do you see people think that these Olympia level guys they all have it completely together But how much extra management? I knew that face was coming Yeah, you have sure you've had to talk some people off ledges when they look great Is it still happening at that level just you know for sure you know Something like you are backstage and pumping up and taking a look at the glutes of the other guy can completely melt you Emotionally yeah, I always found it strong like bolt We in in Austria. We have that you know when you're going to the shower The penis of the other person always looks bigger because it's a perspective That side then on your sense I was turned my water up real hot Yeah, you know what what drew that to me when I was the year that saidric won the Arnold classic I went to his room with the cedo And he posed in my brain didn't couldn't comprehend what I was seeing and I looked at said I said I've never seen anything like this in person and I realized that those guys His brains can't even see what they look like because he goes really so I look okay and I'm like Yeah, like I mean and I'm looking at a cedo and a cedo just rolls his eyes He's like we both know he's lights out and we left the room at Chris goes he's never thought he's looked good And I'm like if I look like that I'd be in the lobby just standing there in my trunk just so we could have Look at me I've had that same experience where I was in a room with a guy who was like Top tier Eshalon body builder and he goes what do you think they're gonna be shaped? And I'm like what do you ask him before? Fuck like you Too visible. You look yes, that's you're gonna win the show like yeah, what what who's the hardest worker you've ever coached Rapid fire Was Martin Sean? Yep, yeah, or is Martin and Sean? What athlete is most likely to ignore your diet rules in the off season? Who is Ken eat out pretty bet? I love it. I like how he's on the hardest worker list and the most likely to cheat on his off season diet Say how off season he's a little yeah, yeah, it's pretty okay, you know, yeah If you could coach anybody builder from history for one more show in their prime But you guess a coach I just want answer for me always the greatest Ronnie Cohen Yep, oh wow Just do one show with Ronnie see what you could do I don't know if I could do it better. I would like you want to see if thank more I just I just want to talk with him You just want to see two ninety two in front of you in a hotel room You want to look at the menu of what he's eating and then how he looks and go this is wait this is what you The thought of that is just I'd love to I'd love to die them for a day Just so I could track how much barbecue sauce he actually ate on diet figure out how many Imagine that fucking garbage Center six How much sugar he drank with that protein Yeah, he's doing three scoops. I used to love that in the old video when he's taking the free work out Of cops plus cool, we're something like that. Yeah, the synthesis and it had fat in it too It was like primarily a meal replacement with a little protein. He's like barbecue sauce soup so that we're good to go I was watching a Ronnie video did the other day and he's doing preacher curls and when the dumbbell got to the top It went like past vertical so his bicep like totally relaxed on every rep so it's like But every rep it's holy relax at the top and you know like We're all trying to get the most out of every rep. We're trying to keep that tension on and all that and he's just a fully relaxing at the top and just Not noticing Doesn't matter just doesn't matter. I did my set like it. I just thought that's a beauty a Ronnie I have seen an interview with him that was crazy where he said Yeah, he recognized quite early, you know even though of the elected He could go to train back one hour later. Yeah That was a while was part of our him is he was doing two a days and hitting everybody part twice a week Training with that kind of intensity you're like how's that possible? He didn't matter. It rose Yeah, doing like imagine doing five plate barbell rose twice a week. Yeah, it's insane. Yeah on top of your seven eight hundred pound deadlifts Yeah, and if they were to go Then those two hours or one hour of of of of of walking yeah and then yeah Hardio It's running, you know, but it doesn't matter there's no rule part of that that must have been insane It's just Did you did you ever see him on stage in person? I've seen him first time I've seen at the guest guest appearance 2005 Good local showing all still with 150 KG Yeah, wow big as he that's a biggest he got yep. Yeah, three 40 And I have seen him one week after he lost the Olympia at the program pre in grads also in Austria Okay 2006 Right yeah, unbelievable. Yeah The perfect description of Ronnie unbelievable. It's all you gotta say. Yeah, yeah, that was good Well, man, thanks for your time. I mean, yeah, we really appreciate having you on I I only got to meet meet you briefly one time when you came by the booth You were talking with Scott I believe for a quick second and but we've been wanting to have you on you know You're you're right in the shit there with all these He's well-known and well-loved guys and you're doing a great job, and it's good to see them Thank you. Thank you. Good to see you guys being their best You know, we see a lot of a lot of coaches coming go and it's good to see repeated You know repeated best ever Yeah, I trust you my best I'm I'm like always I'm just driven by Going Right Yeah, you have a passion to that even from the first time I heard you talk I was like oh This guy really loves bodybuilding and it's a real passion I and it's infectious too. So yeah, I'm so glad that we could get you on the show today and share that with the audience because our listeners They're the kind of people that will really appreciate that. This is this is really cool Absolutely One one more quick one Who who knows the most about bodybuilding of all your clients who who's on your level? Who's the biggest fan of bodybuilding My coach Nida he's called Michael the box My boss he's a two-twelfth pro and I know Mike I coach him since 2010 So 15 years and He's just he's just he just knows Especially when it comes to competition recites which year which he's just a freak right right That's good to know it's good to know I appreciate that So shout out to Mike the box for being a walk in encyclopedia Okay, thanks, Stefan. We appreciate you. Of course Instagram your your boss of a lot yeah, boss of Boss of outlaw on Instagram, Stefan Kinzel You bet thanks for coming on the show Appreciate you See you at you there remember everybody like share subscribe comment and Bring the bell and remember dusty and big ronor your codes. I am mutant dot com get your ISO surge get your all in and everyone should get on the gear Can remember everybody it's just bodybuilding