In we had a kind of a question slash topic that came up on the previous episode. So we were talking about, we were talking about my calf growth. And we discussed that a lot of that was just from walking in the way that I walked as a kid. And Trevor had said, this is why I don't believe in junk volume. You are potentially creating more nuclei in the muscle. And a mother example using scots calves. You could say he did junk volume every day just by walking. You see young guys who train chest every day because they don't know better. In 99% of the time they have great chests. I thought, you know it's not a question, but I thought, yeah, you know it's an interesting observation that he's making. I thought I'd bring it to you and just to hear what your thoughts were on this. Because I think that in a way he kind of has some points in there, you know. Yeah, and this relates to the term I used when we think when we're digging into this was loading history, which I'm about weak muscle groups. Yeah, yeah. And that refers to just like whatever the muscle has been encountering in terms of its loading, the pattern of loading, the extent of loading, the amount of tension that's produced relative to a maximal tension, the time under that tension, sort of the loading, the on and off cycles, that the muscle's experiencing. So that's why people say you've got to train your calves differently. Because they have it in the body or in the scientific vernacular, different loading history. So what you experience in your calves the way you walk, we sort of we go into this. Like you tend to like really you're up on your chippy toes. So you're loading history is different than the average person in terms of your calves. And it has been probably since you've been a kid. Yeah. So that may be at least part of why your calves develop that much. And maybe maybe they're going to be big no matter what. But they're definitely and maybe there's you know, a little bit of interplay between both things. Like you had the tendency to have big calves and that led to your gate pattern where you're on your chippy toes. Which is like to more putting the calves, the calves just crunched after. So there's in that case we're talking about probably a developmental process that occurred during the course of hundreds of thousands of steps as you were growing as a kid. And that's totally different than someone who's done 12 sets of intentional weight training every moment. For or even that before we go into like that, the bench press every day. You know, and they do is instead they do 18 sets and that's too much. But that's in an upper in their chest let's say we'll just keep it to chest or the safe comparison. Sure. They didn't get anything outside of those extra success, except for increased muscle protein breakdown. I see. Yeah. Because that would be the junk fun. But the chest isn't being used anywhere. Let's say walk on their hands, you know, or let's say let's say did my rebound training where I was doing, you know, pushups every time I go in and out of the bar, whatever. They're not loading their chest anywhere like you load your calves when you're walking around them all the time. And dude, I remember specifically like I was in basketball in eighth grade and I played soccer all through like my junior high years and before that. And I remember just like because I would when I run when I sprint I go to my toes and, you know, you get so much spring and I was faster than a lot of kids. Like even since like early elementary school, we do like track stuff and I had the 50 yard dash. I beat everybody. And I just remember though, like things like soccer, my calves just like, trick and burning. But you know, I just learned to keep pushing, you know, and keep running. So yeah, there was probably some add-daptation happening back then. And it was just like, and then of course, yeah, the rest of the day I still had to walk, right? So you're still using it. When you see for instance sprint cyclists and even some endurance cyclists that have really big. What do you do? Yeah, crazy. A lot of some of those cyclists. Some of them live too. Like there's like there was one one cyclist who actually in the guy's just his quads. I mean, he can do this because his quads are so big, but he's also trained for his quads are just ridiculous. Yeah. So in the context of trying to use like a very relatively infrequent or call it kind of a basic type of loading regime or creating that sort of loading history by lifting weights where you spend less than five minutes of time under tension. Twice a week, let's say, or something like that. That's completely different than what you're talking about when you're running. And literally you've got active energy demand for hours on end as kid running around and running for the neighborhood and jumping and just being doing kids stuff. So there can be junk vying. You know, in terms of high volume training because people can just get so sore that you literally incur so much muscle protein breakdown. And this goes back to the studies that have been done in this regard where they measure muscle protein breakdown at the beginning. And I just just talked about the German on the clock. As we talked about it in podcast 101, I think maybe 102. The one on training that that three part series you did. Where you measure muscle protein synthesis right at the beginning of a novel training program and then watch to see how much people grow and you would think, well, the more protein synthesis they have, the more they're going to grow. Yeah. But it doesn't happen that way. And the thing that's different that versus session than what's different later on in the training regime is that you can get massively sore. You've got you you you you you you you you you you have a lot of muscle so much you have a lot of muscle breakdown you have a lot of inflammation. So that muscle protein synthesis can be counterbalanced or overwhelmed by the extent of muscle protein breakdown you have. So that how much you get there doesn't really determine what's going to happen in the long run because that's a different scenario when you've got that much muscle protein breakdown and that much muscle soreness, that much inflammation. But in this study where they finally kind of cut on what might have gone on here. They measure three weeks in. So now you've got a protective effect working working for you. You not a sore. Then when they measure muscle protein synthesis three weeks and then they measure it actually at the end like the last training session. The correlations went from zero at the first day to like 0.85 to over 0.9. Yeah. Really really strong correlations. So then the people that have the best acute response to the that particular about that they that they constructed in that study are the ones that grow the best. The more proteins this you have, you accumulate that over time by training, eating correctly of the else, then that leads to the muscle growth that you want. But if you train in a way where you've got junk volume, excess volume that just occurs more muscle damage, then you've got more damage that needs to be repaired. We've got more and more breakdown as well. So now you've got more muscle breakdown which takes away from the balance between synthesis and breakdown. You've got to have more synthesis than breakdown if you want to have growth. You want to accumulate the protein. So you've got more breakdown which works against you. And now the synthesis that you have produced needs to go to repair all the extra breakdown that you've created. So you shot yourself in both feet. Basically, you've made your your protein synthesis less available for the growth processes and you've put yourself into a hole by creating more more breakdown with the coolant of the junk volume. So that's a totally different scenario than someone like you where you've got this compensatory overload type of situation. So it's like with the rats where you take out the solace or the gas drop and almost walk around and eventually, I mean, they're probably sore shit. They don't do a visual analog. How sore are you, Mr. Rat? I know that shit doesn't feel good. You can't. And you see massive muscle growth there. And that accumulates over time from a continuous chronic adaptation. And you know, not everyone has this is the kind of interesting thing that you got massive muscle growth out of that. Some people do you see obese people that have actually more of a kind of a phasic type of activity because they don't like to walk around very much because they've got a lot of body weight to move around. So they're not really very active. Yeah. But you also see very functional powerful cab muscles in a lot of sprinters. They don't have very big calves. True. You don't see many sprinters don't. It's better for sprinting over all to be one of the least best in the world to have really long until he's 10 in because you got to spring there for a stretch shortening cycle. So you've got you run it on springs basically. Check out this check out this variation. So when we were talking about cyclists, I did a Google search. Look at the variation in these three guys. We can assume that they're probably all doing similar stuff. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. The guy in the right is when I've seen, but they all have big those are all big quads really. They are. But comparatively that guy in the left doesn't have legs that you'd be like, oh my god, those look like bodybuilder. I mean, maybe people would. I mean, his legs are in great shape. Yeah. But compare that to the guy and especially the far right, you know, yeah. Should have their monsters. Yeah. That was a literally bodybuilder's legs. Yeah. But why why is it that the guy in the left didn't achieve that? You know what I mean? Well, that's what was about to say is that that's what I figured. You know, a lot of weight training. Okay. Yeah. Some of them, they say, okay, I do this and I can as long as you're using that muscle in your given sport. So using it specifically, you're not going to have an issue with being muscle bound to what happened. If you can, and this is where genetics are going to play role. But if you, if you're someone who has the inclination to grow larger muscle cells, yeah, or maybe even have a hyperplastic adaptation, we get more muscle cells. If we talked about last time, yeah, which is a nice clip that you sent me that I just put up on Instagram last time. It was awesome. Those people, that's that they may, they may be very good at their sport. And with those sprinters, is that would you have put cyclists? Cyclists. Just cyclists. So didn't say what their, what their sport was. That was, that was there early. Yeah. So I'm type of cyclist. So it was from an article about cycling and growing your legs. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Because that kind of matters whether they're endurance cyclists. You look at just look at the physics of sprinters, running sprinters, not sprint cyclists, and endurance athletes. And you see up the totally different phenotype. Yeah. That's better adapted. Less, obviously a lot more muscle on the sprinters. Check out this guy. This is a sprinter. It was kind of came in small there. Do you get some legs on him? Yeah. He's got an upper body on him too. He obviously trains. Yeah. Yeah. And he's probably got great genetics for the thing. I mean, I was, this popped in my head the other day. There's a body go to his now passed on. His name was Justin Rice. Okay. From New Zealand. People can look him up. He was like a, um, he was big kiwi on professional muscle. Oh, okay. Yeah. I remember him. So I, I, I, I, I, I knew him before he even like got blown on on that site. We interacted some. Super nice dude. But a friggin maniac. Yeah. And he, yeah, he'll got used to train like he's like 12 meals a day. He was as big as Ronnie. Holy, literally. We picture. He's the same size as Ronnie. Like about the same height and the same size. Yeah, Ronnie shape. Yeah. But he used to do four or five pound behind the neck breasts. Good. Good. That's a 10. Something like that. He's just used a beast. Yeah. I think he had, he had some sort of muscular skeletal disorder. They eventually took him out. I love his Parkinson's or something. I remember. But he was a sprinter for New Zealand. I think just, I like whatever. I'm New Zealand's not obviously the biggest country in the world. But he was like one of their best printers. He was like there, like there is Olympic level sprinter for his country. Probably without doing much because he had great genetics. So you've got a lot of fast, fast fibers. Fast fibers tend to be have a better ability to grow. Studies generally suggest that at least in the short term. So there's something there. Mm-hmm. A lot of the biggest guys are also the strongest guys. Mm-hmm. Which fibers may have a little bit of a slight advantage in terms of the amount of force for cross sectional area they can produce. It's called specific tension. So you know, a fast and slow twitch fiber, the same size. The fast twitch fiber. Even at slow speeds and probably could just maybe a little bit more force. It's not all now the study say this, but generally makes sense in terms of the energy turnover. Anyway, so he heard his knee. This is how he got into weight training. He heard his knee and he's like, oh, so I got to do some rehab now. So he was in there doing like quad sets. I don't know what it was if he had been in this case or an ACL tonight. And so he's in the gym. He's like, I just got to do something with his energy. Got a lot of energy. So he started lifting. Yeah. Without, like, he even haven't any program or doing anything. It's just like, I got a lift and he got to recover. He gained 50 pounds in the first six months. Oh, I was so many of it. I hate guys like that. Absolutely. He was like, yeah, I'm like the world level. Like a lot of these guys are using gear. So I should use some gear. So he threw some gear in the max. He gained another 50 pounds in the next six months. And then he couldn't get on his bike anymore. Well, he was a running spreader. Oh, it's in his life. I got you. I got you. I got you. I just wanted to be a dash. Yeah. I believe. So again, 100 pounds in his first year. 50 natural. That's crazy, man. That's what he genetics. Yeah. That's cool. Yeah, 100 pounds, you know. I managed to maybe do that over from one 60 high school to 260. But my beef, 20 years, you know. So that's cool. You mentioned to the idea of like, if you still continue working in your sport that you're not going to get muscle bound, you know, who I think of is our mutual friend Big Dave Smith. And look at how agile he is for being like, we could call him a legit monster. You know what I mean? Like if you, you know, he's solid dude. He's 260. I'm guessing something like that. Yeah, he can do, you know, back flips if you wanted to. Or, you know, twist up like a pretzel. And I have to think that if he didn't do Brazilian juditsu, like none of that would be a factor in his life right now, you know. Oh, yeah. Lot of flexibility. I mean, there are some things like the Jordan Peters speaking of he's doing, I think you last time I talked to him, he was doing some BJJs and that kind of stuff. Okay. And they're just like, you just got so much size. There's just certain things you can't do, like, you know, if you go like this, your chest just gets in the way you can't reach around. Great. So it's like, let me go back to that question too. He's the term up the guys who bench press every day. Yeah, yeah. And I know someone personally, a guy I went to grad school with, his name, Brian Gibson. He's at, he's in Texas at Rice University actually now. Okay. I think he maybe was the department at one point, but he was a power lifter in Texas, UT Austin, Jan and Terry Todd. I'm sorry. I'm just going to show him. I figured he might when he started saying Texas. Yeah. Yeah. He got like third in the collegiate nationals a couple times in powerlifting. And total meat had love that guy. It was just like so much. I got to be in his lab. It was great. That's cool. And he bench pressed every day. It went down to his basement like when his kid, he started bench pressing like when he's nine or something like that. Okay. And every day, he benched because he didn't know any better. He bench pressed. Yeah. And he gradually got stronger and stronger and stronger. And eventually he told me the day that he benched press three, 15. He just broke down a cry for like an hour. Wow. That's been a goal. You know, like five years is something to get. Yeah. But the thing that the guys that do that who are that focused, this is I'm just I'm making, I'm kind of bumping them all into a box. But I think this mentality of probably explained that phenomenon pretty well is they're bench pressing every day or they're training chess because they want a big freaking chest and they're also trying to get stronger. And you're again, or get more reps. So I'm just going in there and it's almost going to be the same thing. Like, you know, like the person who's reading the newspaper while they're doing the extensions. Like, I've seen that before in a gym. So they're actually, they're actually wanting to become more impressive in those things. So they're in essence auto regulating themselves based on their own recover abilities. So that they can't go and get stronger over time. Yeah. Someone like that, you know, they don't do that so long. If they eventually find like they don't get any better at bench pressing or their exercises, they probably change something. Yeah. So while they're doing that and they're getting really good chest, they're also auto regulating tool to make sure that they've got appropriate adaptation given how well they can adapt. There are people who do like, um, uh, oh, this is named hurtful walker. You heard of that guy? The name brings a bell. He, I think he, I think he went, he went from high school directly into the NFL. Okay. He was a fucking badass. Yeah. I had a lot of bad. I hadn't heard of him. It's like a name I hadn't heard in a long time. But now now I'm starting to come back. Yeah. I'm going to be a virtual with, from one I understand, hertals only wait training every day to get up and do 100 pushups and do 100 sit ups. Okay. Let me see. 100,000. Oh, okay. Wow. I don't know if that went being in the day and he was built like a brick shit house. Yeah. And I mean, 1000 every day, he adapted to it, you know, eventually the most candidate after some degree. And some people will grow and some people won't. And the those who don't don't keep doing it. So it's not like you've got, like if you're looking at an average, just sample everyone's that okay, every we're going to train bench press every single day. Yeah. We know that muscle son is all over the place in terms of variability. Yeah. That would be something. If you do that, they could do like six hard sets every day, what have you and keep up with that and make progress. And other people would just grind to a halt and then they'll be trained and maybe they hurt themselves. That's a great point. So those people would never, you never see them out there. So for them, it wasn't junk volume. Yeah. The proofs and the fact that they're doing it. If it was junk volume, they would eventually grind themselves into a hole. And they would stop doing that and you wouldn't see them doing anymore. So that's why, you know, science. Not because people on the internet told him it was junk volume and he should stop. But because he would figure it out because it would just not work. Yeah. Right. And the other man, Kudos to those guys because if they found like you can't, you can't bench press every day like you never recover. Yeah. Well, I'm doing and I'm getting stronger and I'm benching play 65. What are you doing? Yeah. Okay. So for some people it will work. That's the thing. People can do like a lot of pros do the pro split. They train really high volume, you know? And they like Ronnie Coleman is stringent example like training like a monster, everything twice a week. You know what? You know what? And this to me, I see recently a lot of the older guys in body building kind of have had this, this attitude to award the younger guys saying like like they're not training hard enough that they're too scared of over training. I think that's the reason what you're saying here is like you know see what your body's capable of. If you can handle it then it's going to be to your benefit almost. We are going to cut ourselves short. If we are too afraid to push those limits, that's for sure. And if it doesn't work out, you'll also you'll figure that out too, right? You know, I just don't much to encourage me. I can imagine just like with the sort of environment we have online now. But if if if if if he hadn't existed as this example and you can like someone says like they send like a YouTube personality, you can just imagine just think of genera, I'm thinking of what's right. Whoever's got a million followers. Yeah. Yeah. And evaluate my program and they send they send Dory and Yates program. Yeah. With relatively low volume. Yeah. And they're like like so that's all you're doing for back, you know, is this pull downs and you know, that those kind of the Ben overroads, should have dead lists is like you're not doing nearly enough sets to you're never going to get big that way. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Next week they see who it is without knowing that that's a viable possibility. Yeah. Or the opposite. How about we look at like an Arnold program where each trained twice a day and was in the gym for hours and hours. And if you're just a just generically send that program in to be evaluated, you'd probably be like, oh man. This is this guy's doing way too much. So yeah. And then the thing with Arnold that I always kind of suspect because those guys came totally off. I think most of them. Okay. There's a Arnold like there's like a video of him who's doing advertisement for like some like South American vacation package. I remember that. And he just like it was really some. Yeah. Like in the 170s or you know, under 200. Yeah. Yeah. And so I want to think those guys did and this is this is why and like in like linear periodization like the Mott V. of Russian model, you have a hypertrophy phase. Yeah. Strengthen a power phase is he's lost a lot of muscle mass. And then those guys would they weren't and they weren't doing anything. They're just living like whatever. Eating whatever they wanted to just having fun. Right. And then when it's time to get serious, everything happened at once. And they've maybe even like borderline hypogonaddle if they had full recovery. They certainly weren't super physiological in terms of anortions. And then they get on the goodies. Yep. And they start training. And then it's just nothing but train and rest. Train and rest. Train sort of and everything gets totally different. Yeah. And they're growing while they're starting their prep. So to speak. Sure. That period. So they're actually they've got enough recovery built in. And now they've got this really novel like almost first cycle thing going on. Yeah. The whole they resensitized and they're adding in extra food to their because they're growing and probably getting leaner at the same time, which obviously can happen when not even got a novel training stimulus, a novel nutritional stimulus, and a novel pharmacological stimulus all going on simultaneously. It's a beautiful recipe. Yeah. That's a recipe for bodybuilding success. Yeah. For sure. Unless you're a natural then you're going to get you know booted because you'll pass the light and check your test. But you'll be jacks of cares. Go to another Federation. It's just, yeah. They put your name out on the internet actually and a lot of those. Oh, I've heard that. Yeah. I've seen that actually, man. That would be a disgrace. But then you just have to go to the NPC, kick some ass turn pro and say I didn't care about you guys anyway. Yeah. And make lots of friends that way. But yeah, they'll put your, I saw an interview with a guy for the German National Bodybuilding Natural Bodybuilding Federation. It's gay and BF. Yeah. G-it. Yeah. And yeah, when someone flunks, when someone doesn't pass one of their tests, they just put their name in their last initial. Okay. You can look them up and find them, I think. But yeah, like it's like, man. And you know what's coming. It's like, you signed up, like, they signed the waiver. It's like, you know, this is what's going to happen. Like, we're going to publish these. And I'm sure that discourage a lot of people from trying to cheat. Because that would, you know, how'd you do? It's like, saw your name on the website, but you weren't with it. It was in the wrong section. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So anyway, that was it. I thought that you might have some stuff to say in response. That was a fun conversation. That's good. Yeah. I mean, you know, there's like, like, what did, um, there's, there's, there's a possibility like you look at all the examples of like mechanics who are wrenching all day long and they have huge forearms, yes players for really big forearm or really big arm. Um, you know, actually, I had a, so on the last episode, I had pulled a picture of Roger Federer that I dropped in post-production. And you can see he's right handed here. Look at the difference of his forearm. Yeah. I remember seeing him play it. It was either the US open or wimpled in back when he was really hot and noticing that. And it's like, that's all I could see was the difference between his two arms. Like that would, can you pull up one of Martina and the Rocholoba? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. She was pretty muscular for a woman, just in general and her, and her dominant arm, her, her, uh, racket arm. Yeah. It was jack. Let's see if I can find a good one. You also, I think, have to get at the right angle to get it. Yeah. They're not getting like a forearm pose or whatever. Exactly. Here's one. Yeah. That doesn't show it. That's the, yeah. I had to kind of hunt around because a lot of times it's not proportionate here. Let's see if we can see this. Here you go. Dang. Look at the difference here. Yeah. We're right. Little vein, man. Yeah. It's like a monster. So she was a lefty then, huh? Yeah. Yeah. She liked it. It's pretty, pretty apparent. Those glasses have come full circle. Those are back in style again. Yeah. She was really good man. She was my favorite, you know, tennis player. I played tennis for a couple years when I was a kid. I'm a closet secret fan of tennis. Believe it or not. I get such a brutal game, man. I really followed it closely in the early 2000s and it was, uh, like, when Federer was, uh, on the top of his game. Man, that, yeah. That's a brutal, brutal sport. You don't think of it as a brutal sport, though, you know? So long, the match is going on and on and on. You have to have, like, some really some mental fortitude. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You remember, like, back when Andre Agacy was coming to the end chapters of his, of his tennis career. No, it was life. And he, uh, it was at the shaved head period. And in order to get through Wimbledon, they were doing, like, quarterzone shots in his back literally every morning to get thrown his back out and just to keep hanging out. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Wow. And he took out, I think. I was there, like, when John McEnroe, like, when he was, you know, acting out and doing all the things. Oh, I remember as a kid, my dad used to watch tennis and I remember seeing, and seeing him, and he'd go nuts. Him and, uh, it was a, uh, de-borg. They would, they'd have some de-borg. Yeah, I'm bored. Yeah. Yeah. They had some, some good rivalries. Yeah. That ball was on the line. Yeah. People don't know what we're talking about. That's okay. No, I mean, he, like, just totally, like, you know, it's sort of like golf in a certain sense. There's an, there's an etiquette, this is based in the origins of tennis, like it's a country club sport, so to speak. It's a sport of the age, you know? Right. And then you got a giant Macaron. Yeah. So you, like, you, you, you, you are very, very polite with the judges, you know, like Sir, madam, that sort of thing. And he's just saying, like, it's a side from using F bombs. Yeah. You're some F bombs. I don't know. But he just called people like that ball was on the line. He's like, are you blind? Yeah. Yeah, he, he, he basically, like, brought a little WWE into the game. He really did. He really did. Yeah. Who was good, though? He's good to see what's like, hey, you know? He's being, um, he's being honest. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'm going to go for my grind out of Mr. Macco. Yeah. Yeah. For tossing calls the first good. Go violation against Macco, Robon. Sports for like conduct. You can't see. You got your soul full of shit. It's gone. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.