I might have dated a girl in high school just to hit on her mother. I mean, you never knew. Okay. So it's just body building. Episode 52. Correct. Did you say 52 or 152? Or 152? Yeah, 150. 150. Okay. Let's not even mean. Okay. Let's do it. I'll read that. Hey, everybody. It's just body building. Episode 152. The morally flexible dusty handshaw. And the oatmeal eating Scott McNally. Was that really you were having buddy rice in Turkey? Oh, that actually ground turkey. Oh, rice in Turkey. Yes. It looked like a bowl of third second there. And of course me, Ron Parlo. I got a new background. I hung on my guitars. I'm really proud of it. You guys want to have a look. I like that. Yes. Down in the bike. Hold on. Let's get like that. Yeah, I'm going to get the full thing. Yeah, let me get rid of the whole walk. Let's get rid of just a few minutes here. So this might my eye. There we go. We got my bike up on the wall and I had all my guitars hung professionally. Nice. Looks pretty cool. I just got to paint the wood, but I don't know. I'm not in hurry. Yes. I like this. So now I don't have. So it was a big space saver thing because I used to have the bike was, you know, in the corner and then all my guitars were in their cases. So you got to stack all these fucking guitar cases somewhere. You know what I mean? So now the cases are just in the storage, you know, the underground storage that we have at the condo here. And they're all up on the wall. So life is good. I feel like I got like, you know, a couple hundred extra square feet to work with. It's key. Anyone who lives on a condo? Anyone who lives on that condo lifestyle knows that you don't want to be like collecting stuff. You know, right. If you're going to collect it, you got to have a plan where you're going to fucking put that shit. I'm believing collecting stuff in general. As if the airport coming back, the shit that people purchase at an airport to bring the garbage. That says where they're coming from. Like, oh, I got this. I'm like, where the fuck are you going to put that in your house, lady? Put that shit back. No. Yeah. It's like way over price to the airport too. A lot of money. Of course. We got we got a bunch of YouTube questions. We got a bunch of catching up to do. We just had the van Kooper pro. Right. That's weekend. So I got a list of stuff. What do we want to do? Do we just want to talk about our weekends for a second? Why not? What did you do Scott? What did you do? I went to. I went on a date with the wife for her birthday. Happy birthday to Victoria. Actually, we were recording. No, there was a wife. Yeah, with my wife actually this time. It was a lot of fun. We went to this mansion where you can take tours and stuff. Old historic place. But I'm the way back. We stopped at a friend of mine's restaurant, which is Nicole is barbecue on telegraph near 10 mile road. That's north to eight mile for you. You're not into Troy. Is this going to say, yeah, is it two miles from eight mile? Yeah. What's your clothes for comfort? It's pretty close. It's pretty close. Great barbecue. But I wanted to tell you guys about him because I don't think I would tell you. Literally, this was my first ever sponsor. Nicole is my wife. They sponsored me. They were like, hey, we want to help you out. I was competing and stuff. And they're like, well, what can we do for you? Will you know, I was like, well, I could use help with my gym membership. So they paid for my year gym membership. And they're like, here, we'll get some tank tops made up for you. And you can just like wear those when you're working out. You don't have to wear them all the time. But you don't just to help promote the restaurant. And I was like, cool. No. So they were literally my first sponsor. Nicole is barbecue. That's cool. That's a legit. So what's what's going to take that now? What's a place like? Like what's a place like when you walk in, what's it like? It's a nice restaurant. They, I guess, I guess they really, like, laid into the carry out. They have like, it's a restaurant that has like its own little door in its own little area for carry out. Now, and that was just like hopping all through the pandemic. But they have this barbecue sauce that's, it's got a sweet taste to it. But then it also has like that little bit of heat, just a little bit of heat that makes a good, really good ribs. Really good fried chicken. Like, not a lot of really good bodybuilding food. You know what I mean? It's all like really just good fun barbecue from Great Burger. I like some, I like some good fried chicken. I'm not gonna lie. Yeah. And they're dead, opened it originally. And he ran the place for years and years. In fact, when I'd go and visit his dad was, his dad passed away recently. So, you know, rest in peace to him. But he was still there. Right. The kitchen, like as an old guy, like, you know, marinating the chicken every morning. He just wanted to still be a part of the place. And the two sons, Velco and Tom took it over. And Velco is into bodybuilding. He does Brazilian jujitsu. He's really into that now. And so he took in interest in helping to support me and my bodybuilding, which was, you know, for a can of some and outside the box, right? Because you, you, you don't think of like, hey, I need to get a sponsor. Like everybody wants sponsors, but like, you don't think the Nicole's barbecue is gonna be your sponsor. And that was like back in 2009 or something. Right. That's cool. That's cool. Absolutely. Well, speaking of sponsors. Yes. We have to let people know that we're very happy to announce that mutant is officially coming on board to support the podcast. Oh, yeah. And you're gonna be, you're gonna be seeing some cool stuff. You know, we're gonna, we got lots of plans. I don't want to rattle on too much about what I've talked with him about, you know, doing just, but, you know, like, and even like giveaways and shit, like we can figure stuff out to do like really cool stuff. That'd be cool. So, you know, you know, so, um, so obviously, you know, dusty and I have a great relationship with mutant and all that, but we never, we never felt like we wanted to like make them feel obligated to be involved with the podcast, you know, and we wanted the podcast to really grow organically and and do its own thing. And I, I'm, I mean, dusty and I also had concerns that, I mean, the podcast might grow into something that they didn't want to sponsor. Right. Right. Right. And, and, and we didn't want to feel. Yeah, hookers of blood, right. And hookers and blood reviews all the time traveling to far away cities and testing out their hookers and blood. Yeah. Um, and, and, and we just thought we just thought like we don't want them to have to have that difficult conversation with us like, hey, guys, like we just kind of won't really want you guys wearing our t-shirts at all. Yeah. I'm a show. Like, don't mention that. No, mention you know us. Yeah, I don't mention us. Like, you could just go ahead and wear your West Coast hat all the time around. That's cool. You know, don't. That's exactly. So, you know, we, we foresaw that that might be a direction the show goes. We just didn't know. Right. And, um, uh, you know, as it as it seems the show's gone in a direction where, where they're like, hey, like, you know, we think this is super cool and we just want to support you guys more. And, um, you know, we want you guys to know that we're behind what you're doing. And we like seeing you guys, you know, doing this, this other stuff. So, so mutants get to be involved with the show, which is really cool. They don't want to be invasive. We're not going to be re-adds or anything like that. Like, they don't have any real demands of us. They just, uh, they just want to be present and we're really happy about that. And that also means that you're going to be, you know, um, you know, kind of sponsored by muting a little bit off this, this podcast. So you're going to be working with them as well because you're going to be in engaging. Scott's going to be engaging with muting. You know, to get like, you know, if we put a graphic up at all or in, again, any sort of stuff production wise with the show. So, um, which I'm pumped and honored for that. But yeah, I've always seen it. He's being like a really cool hardcore company, you know, yeah. And I highly respected company in the industry. So I feel like I'm, I'm very honored to have them, you know, show interest in being a part of this. And, and they have some really cool announcements coming up. Me and Dusty already know cool secrets. I don't guys. We'll learn to get really healthy. Really very good. Really fun. Yeah, there's a secret that we have that it, the muting is going to have some fun shit coming out. So we're looking forward to that. And, uh, yeah, it's just, you know, podcast moving forward. Like we said, we didn't want to, you know, we didn't want to like, like we've already had offers for people that want to kind of get involved. Like, yeah, okay. You know, so it's it's good to it's good to have this moving forward. And, and, uh, while we're on the topic of mutant, my show meet non-emission, the newest episodes from Golds Jim Venice is out now. You can watch on the mutant YouTube channel. I put a link in the description. Yeah. And Dusty is in the episode with me. So Dusty's first time on my show meet non-emission. And, um, you know what, haven't Dusty on the show. I didn't feel like it was my show that episode. I feel like it was our show. That's cool. So it was, uh, it was really cool. You know, Dusty had just as many stories as I did. And, um, it was just me and Dusty having a leg workout and talking about Golds Jim. And, you know, our memories of going there when we first went there and all that stuff, you know, he used to train there at Bunch with Chris, right? So, so I mean, a courmeer. So, you know, Dusty went to Golds a fucking hundred times to train with courmeer. And I've been there a bunch of times as like a Canadian kid going down to like, you know, dream. Yeah. I'm going to go down and dream for four days, you know. So I've been down there a bunch of times and so it was really cool. So I really enjoyed that episode. You know, obviously like, there's certain episodes. Like anyone who films anything and makes any sort of like content. You know, there's stuff where you film it and you think all that was awesome. And then you watch the episode. You're like, I was okay. Yeah. And then there's other times where you shoot it and you're like, I don't know if that was any good. And then you watch the edit and you're like, fuck that turned out good. You know what I mean? Right. So, um, so the Golds episode with Dusty, I was like, I wanted it to be good, you know, because they saw first time training together. And I was like, I really hope it turns out and they did a great job with it. And I was really happy with that episode. It was a fun episode to watch. So yeah, I just want to make sure everyone knows about it. Um, the support for this show this season has been awesome. That's cool. Yeah. Yeah. I really only have. I think one more episode to film for this season because we have one in the canal ready that we haven't released. So yeah, it's cool. So everyone that likes that show. Thank you for supporting it on a mission. I really appreciate it. So now what about Dusty's weekend? My weekend was a week. Um, so went to exactly what I was waiting to say. And, uh, and just did nothing. It was phenomenal. The only thing that I did we had. I mean, yes, we only left the resort once. Um, because I saw that I could ride horses in the water. No, but not like romantic in the, I mean, like in the water, like up to their shoulders, where you, you know, you're not even like on a, uh, a saddle. You're just laying down on them and holding on for dear life. So that was pretty sick. Yeah, it was super fun. Did that. And then other than that, it was hanging out there and the the biggest takeaway from the weekend besides relaxing was Americans, Canadians. We're fucking lazy, whiny pieces of shit. That's it. That was the take home. Yes, because the people working there. So you go in. And obviously you're staying at a high class resort. You're expecting good service. Best service I've had anywhere. anywhere. Like that's the end of the sentence. And every single person there was like over the top. But genuine, it was weird. Sometimes if people are too complimentary, like, I broke your foolishness. Yeah, like they were genuinely happy to be working there. I got to know the staff. They worked 15 hour days, 26 days a month. Um, some of them live hours away. So they'll come stay there for, uh, sorry, 24 days a month. They'll come stay there for either 12 days straight and live an apartment there. Uh, one guy we met today's for 24 days straight and goes back for six. And the average pay, um, not there, but of the country is 770 bucks a month. They don't get made shit to be there. Um, they survive off of, I mean, the money is good. I mean, apparently it's a great job. If you're traveling three hours, you won't that gig. Um, as soon as I realized that the tips went up substantially, because I was like, uh, like you give somebody a $5 bill there. American, they're like, oh, shit. You know, so we just, I actually didn't bring as much cash. I had spending so I went down and paid 20% to get more cash just so I could, like, hand it out because I just blown away by the service. I mean, it was literally, I think that I think if, if, if they were to come here and see what we want about for 15 bucks an hour and so overworked, I think they would laugh at us. Because they work. I mean, I'm telling you, my Butler starts in the morning. It gets out seven. Uh, everyone has a Butler that's there and they just handle anything you need. You should have a text. You know, what's happening? Just what do you need? Um, and he leaves at 11, 11 30 every night. Drive's home comes back to doing it again. You know, and he has a family. So he was going about an hour and a half home every night and then coming back in the morning. And I mean, I'm telling you, they were, they were amazing. So, uh, a lot of people go to different resorts and say, oh, it wasn't that all that great. I couldn't possibly ask them to do anything more. So, wow, very, very nice. And I don't think it was that. I mean, I won't use the word not that expensive. It was worth what it cost. You know, we didn't upgrade when I got there to have like the best of everything. And I mean, they were like, oh, we can do this upgrade. And I'm like, however we go, the beginning of them asking for more money. Yeah. It was like 800 bucks. I was like, and then when they told me what I got, I'm like, do it. Absolutely worth every penny. Um, and yeah, like I said, then at the end, you go to check out. And they're like, all right, see, like there wasn't even like an additional ask for utility, like, just kind of gave you the wave. And I was like, all right, I'm sure glad I didn't think they were like dispersing utility at the end of this. Um, because they didn't there wasn't like a point to add it. So if you ever do something like that, definitely in crack, cash, American cash, they love and your set. So it was great. And I was shocked at the end of the time. I wasn't bored out of my mind already to come home. But I was excited to be back and get to the gym. I was saying, time this morning, like, going to the gym was like, I didn't do anything by the way, a lot of people asked that, like, did you train? Not at all. Didn't even get on a treadmill doing anything. Just took a full seven days of nothing. I've never used for every hour. I'd be at the gym. I would just smoke a cigar to extra. And that's balance it out pretty solid. Were you counting your steps? Yeah, exactly. I was very concerned. The only thing I counted, I was trying to figure out. I was curious about this and maybe someone will know the answer. I hadn't googled it. But I wonder if they're alcohol, like the real alcohol, like to Kila, is possibly weaker there? I don't drink very often. And we were doing Don Julio double shots. And I did six one night, like two, three doubles. And I was expecting to like stand up and be, oh, you know, I'm like, all right, either I'm invincible to Kila, or this is lighter. I don't know which it was. I watched them over the middle of the year. I don't want to. Because I was wondering if they wanted it down. But then the only thing I thought was the amount of food I ate in that day might have absorbed it. Yeah, you're also forgetting that according to your doctors, your drug tolerance. This is actually right now. Yeah. It's about the same. Number point. Yes, you know, you're not really riding. You're probably still riding on how war note you are from those. Drick a whole bottle. We're talking about a proud moment for my mom is you're son and addict because he is tearing through these drugs. I'm not saying my son tore through so many drugs. They thought he was an addict. I'm so proud. He does all of her friends. They thought he was an addict. He tore through so many drugs. unreal. That was a show, wrong. So yeah, so my weekend. My weekend was hectic. He was the van pro am. And, you know, that obviously we're super happy to have the show happening again because it's so great for the local scene and the gym and, you know, obviously I coach people. So it's great for business and it's just a great weekend. It's like the big event of the year, you know, like the van pro am comes to town and, you know, in Valera comes to the gym and, you know, all the, all the, the kids are excited to get pictures with, you know, him and, you know, Dana Baker shows up and everyone knows Dana Baker. So there's people taking pictures. You know, it's just exciting, you know, it's one of those things. You guys are, the guys that are trying to turn pro show up and the pro show up. And so yeah, it's just a real exciting weekend. I had five clients. I had three amateurs on Saturday. They all did really well. Cool. It came home. Came home very happy and proud of them and everyone came home with a metal. So that was great. I had three clients and there were four metals. So it was good. And then, and very happy, very happy with them. They're just all great people. And they, you know, it was, it was good. It was a good weekend. And then on Sunday was the pros and I had two pros and classic physique guys. And they both did great. And the classic physique was the class of the weekend. The pro classic men was that was the class that was like really tough. And the deepest class, I think there was 13 or 14 of them. So it was like a good class and that branch guy from China that got top five at the Olympia in 2019 showed up. So everyone knew he was coming. So like a top five Olympian showing up really made the show that classic division exciting for all the guys that were doing it. Because it was a bunch of Canadian classic guys in the in it. So they were all excited to go against him. And I had two clients in the show, Billy and Jaws. And I was really happy. Jaws wound up. Place in second. And, and having a fucking real pose down with. Branch the guy the guy who won the show and Adam the guy who got third who was just unbelievably peeled. But I don't know what Scott wants to throw photos of these guys. I was thinking that y'all find out that all ended in post-production. Yeah. Yeah, the classic was great and the top three posed down was amazing. And they were they were all awesome and it was just real exciting. And. And you know, so I had a successful weekend and you know how it is when you got five clients. And one weekend and two of them are pros. So there's this added pressure and then all of a sudden you're done with all of them. It's that. I woke up this morning. I woke up this morning with that like another day after you write your final exams. Yeah. You know, you wake up the day after final exams and you're like, ah, I don't even have to go to class today. You know, I eventually have to go back to class. I got some work to ask in a few months. But today, I don't have to go to class. I'll have to check my phone till like fucking, you know, then the next closest guy I got is three weeks out. So he can wait till he can wait till 2 p.m. to hear from me. Right. What do you mean? You just got you. You need that one morning where you just don't look at your phone. You just go straight to coffee and, you know, there you go. So so that's my that's that's how it is when you coach coach people, you know, what those shows you. Those little moments the day after you want to just go for breakfast with your buddies or something and not look at your phone, you know, so for sure. So that's my reason. You know, I was the open. Oh, so yeah, so the open. So Ian Valer is there. So everyone's pretty much assuming Ian's going to win, right? I mean, right. There's only, I think there was only six guys in the open. It was a small show. So everyone's like, Oh, well, you know, Ian's just going to come and punch us. Take it for the, and, um, and, and one shows up and, and one looks fucking awesome. Nice. Like the the past he's ever looked ever just crazy. Rip shredded hamstrings and glutes enormous legs. He's like 265 pounds. And then comes out and does one of the funnest posing your teens. I have ever fucking seen no kidding. What was so great about it? He just comes out and super heroes it. Okay. It comes out and he's got sound effects and motion effects. So he'll do he'll like go down and then you hear like a like something flying through the air. Yeah. Yeah. And he puts his hand up and catches an imaginary sword. And then, and then you hear the sword go, sheen as he slices the head off the dragon or whatever he's battling in his in his in his in his routine. That's fun. That's cool. And and the crowd just pops. Yeah. Boom. The crowd just they lose their shit when he catches the sword and you hear the sword go. Sheen. And then he then the metal music starts because it's like fantasy music right? Yeah. The fucking sword comes out and now the metal starts. And then he stands up and he just goes into all these poses like Antoine such a great poseer because you know, how he's like an anime guy. Yeah. He does like anime poses like it's hard to describe. But you imagine how anime characters are drawn. Yeah. They're not conventional bodybuilding poses. He puts his body and like those cartoon positions. And and he'll hold it for a second and then he'll pop into a front double. Cool. That's fun. And then he he'll go into like another pose like, you know, something with his hands like in like, you know, like really artsy, but it's not it's not graceful like, Arty art like it's a potential hero art. Yeah. Yes, it's a superhero art. All of this stuff he's doing that's artistic is right out of a comic book. He's up on his toes up on his toes with his hands above him, you know, and then he'll drop down into his side chest, you know, and I don't know. I just I hadn't seen a like I've seen some really great posing routines obviously. We saw some great ones at the Arnold and the awesome music everybody had. But I just, you know, it was it was just a real highlight of the weekend for me and Juan's posing your team. It was like the funnest moment of the show. And I also was really because I love seeing other people enjoy body building. Yeah, right? Right. Because I've loved it my whole life. So the last thing I want is for like my friends or my clients, families or people from my gym coming and going, I, the show is all right. And not getting it. You know, I, I want them to fucking love the show even though it's not our show. It doesn't affect like he's the band pro. I want the show to be huge, you know? Yeah. So seeing the crowd like the entire crowd was losing their mind when Antoine was posing. Like he got to know. Yeah, like the entire crowd, everybody was like, holy fuck. Like it was really great. And I just want to make sure like I don't know if Antoine will ever hear this, but you know what I mean? Like I just want to make sure that I mentioned that I had that in my notes. I talked about Antoine's routine. That's cool. That's awesome. Yeah. And afterwards, it generated a conversation that I had two different groups of people. So I walk outside after the show and right away, my, I was a group of my friends and they go, hey, come here and I walk over and they go, should they start scoring posing routines? Huh. Right. And I go, I know exactly what this is about. Right. So anyway, back to the show. Antoine comes out looks amazing. And it's him and Ian one and two. Honestly. And some of the other guys were surprisingly good. I met a couple of your friends, Dusty. I met Seth, who wound up in fifth. I think he said he was, you talk. See from Utah. Anyways, I keep going. Well, the guy from Utah got third. Jonas Jonas. It's him. He got third. He's with Chris. Oh, I know. Yeah. Yeah. You got third there. Yeah. I mean, it's a pretty new pro. He was top five. He was top five. I think he might have been. Okay. Yeah. I just don't get the first call out. He was in the top three. I never even saw the scores. Hey, guys, I have to break in with a quick correction. Jonas actually got fourth place, which is still a fantastic showing, especially for a new pro. And probably his best look to date. You're on vacation. So Jonas was the guy that you know, but then Seth and his wife I met them. And they watched the show and he also know you as well. So, but they were, they were great to me. But but anyways, the top five was good. There was some some guys that showed up. I didn't know. And I was like, Oh, it's guys are, like, a fucking big. Like it was good. And but anyways, Ian and Antoine were where the top two. And right. And there was like, Ian. Yeah. And Ian was just so big. So Antoine was a little bit sharper from the hands and roots just a little bit sharper. And there were there were things that Antoine won on. Like there were there were certain things that Antoine had that were arguable to win. And I had a few people tell me, I had a few people tell me that they actually had Antoine winning. But the vast majority did say to me, because I was waiting for, I wanted to hear what people had to say. So I wouldn't say what I thought. And I had most people come up in their like, man Antoine really was fucking awesome. But Ian's just too big. Right. So that was kind of the consensus, is that Ian still had enough size that it just, his winter. And it was just thickness through the upper body. So Ian Valer now has, well, he had it before. It's not like he just has it now. But it's just that I haven't seen him in person for a while, you know? And I was reminded at this show that Ian Valer has a quality that very few big pros ever really get. And it's one of the things that makes you a true mass monster. But he has the Jay-Cutler effect. And that is incredible shoulder width. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. He is so wide and thick. And it's what Jay had. And it's why a lot of people who weren't fans of Jay as a pro, they're the people that never saw him in person. Because when you saw Jay in person, you were like, Oh, there's, there's something else. Like he's, there's more to this body than everyone else. Like he's interested. You know, it's at that giant width that Jay having to turn sideways to go through doors all the time and stuff. Ian, Ian's there and now like the other guys as soon as why his him man, it's, it's, it's noticeable. And it makes a big difference. Like when he's walking around you like Jesus, you know? So that's what I observed. That's cool, man. That sounds like a little weekend. Yeah. Yeah, it was cool. You know, I thought Ian, Ian told me he was 265. He looked 285. Like I couldn't believe he was the same way that's Antoine. Because like him and Antoine were about the same size. But Ian looked like he had like, you know, 10, 20 pounds on of thickness. So yeah. So how do you, how do you foresee that physique at the Olympia? Well, impossible. I mean obviously, but I think that in the current crop of guys, which is just staggeringly good. Yeah. Like when you think of the top five last year. Okay. So if you're going to crack the top five, you have to eliminate one of those guys. Right. Right. So I still think that Ian is, I mean, and to me is the top 10 guy in the world at all times. Yeah. You know, but top five. That will be the challenge for him. Right. Like for him to move into the top five at the Olympia, one of those guys got to go. Which means he's got to be. They're not going to go lightly with that. Yeah. Yeah, and they're not going to go lightly, right? So like he's got to be Nick. He's got to be Hunter or he's got to be Rammy or he's got to be Brandon or he's got to be who else is top five last year. I'm throwing you know, so let me know. Pretty. Shit. What's the name? Iraq. Iran. Chris. Yeah, not Chris. Hanukkah. Hanukkah. Yeah. How do you? Howdy. So yeah. So you got to be, you got to be one of those guys. Right. So that's where the kids are. That's what it feels for Ian. Can I know what you think of me, deal? Right. Yeah. But that's just me. That's what the fact do I know. Right. But they really says like, we're at with body building. Like those are all really good guys, you know, body buildings. And I'm really good at this right now. Yeah. Where did he install video? Was like seven. What's the sound? Wasn't he? I think seventh, but we're y'all that. I guess that. Yes. We'll find out when we put this out in the comments. Just leave it. Yeah. You'll probably know. It's just what you can fucking know. We're on. It's wild though. So I saw a video. Actually, I was on vacation. I was I saw a video of Ronnie the year before he won the Olympia. When he got like eight. I think the Olympia might have been. He was already a cartoon. Yeah. I know like for you. He was a. Like it was like he was a. It's like, no. Yeah. I don't know how he was eight then. To be honest. So what I'm pointing out is, but then the jump he made was so ridiculous. I feel like now you don't have anybody in that top 10. That's like missing something as simple as needing a better coach. You know, because that's really what happened. He got with Chad. And that was it. You know what I mean? Like, you know, one's like missing blatantly right now and still in the top 10. They're all slang. So I don't think in the near future you're going to see a guy jump from eight to first or even eight to second year. Because again, everyone else has that full year to improve as well. It's not like the seven guys between them and first. Well, six since Dorian was gone. Like, regressed. They all got better. He just, you know, became. Yeah. The best of all time. I also got a givey and some credit and and all the other people that visited my gym at it was such a positive weekend for all the visitors, all the competitors and everyone who came in there was just fucking fantastic. But I got to give Ian and his whole crew a little, you know, just thank you because, you know, you know, Ian's in the position to win the show and, you know, punch us, take it to the O and he's still taking every single picture with every single person. You know, they would train and he'd go upstairs and pose in the posing room and hang out and people would kind of go up there and bug them for photos and he's, you know, taking photos on the stairs and photos on the, by the bathroom and photos, you know, like people and he would hang out like he wasn't rushing to get out of there. You know, like they were going to go to the home and like, you know, rush just hanging out of the juice bar, taking pictures and shit. So you just, you know, the members really appreciated that. And it's just it's, it's a hard act to follow for some people. Hmm. Some people can't, you know, some guys can't keep it, this can't keep it together. Like that during the show weekend, it's, it's, you know, they mean they don't see the big picture or, or they see it and they're like, I just can't handle this myself, which is totally fine. You know, you don't have to talk to people. I mean, not everyone's built for that. But Ian gets it or he, you know, it comes naturally. One of the two gets it and makes himself do it or it comes naturally. I feel like I'd be more of a, like, you, I think are more on like a, an even level with him as far as the bodybuilding world goes versus me. I feel like I'm more of a fan. And when I met Ian, I think it was the 18 Olympia. I ran into him and Matt and a whole crew, Michaela was there. They were all training at one of the gyms. And this was like a few days out and he was competing and he same way all the way back then, you know, before it's before like everybody knew him the way they do now. But he was the exact same way like he stopped. He talked with me. We had just done an interview. So like he was really cool, though, you know, exact same person then. And so that like what you're telling me now, that's the way he was, you know, five years ago, too, with fans. Also, they, they did a fun thing where they brought the all the men's open guys into the crowd for the post down. Nice. Right. Right. And I was expecting them to because, you know, I've been to a lot of shows. But, you know, you forget that there's a lot of people that do not expect that to happen. Right. So they, they say, okay, guys, let's take the post down. You know, a little closer to the crowd and they start bringing them off the stage and the crowd's just like an Antoine and Ian just got swarmed. Like I felt bad for the rest of the class because like, you know, they weren't, they weren't big name guys, right? So they're posing and taking pictures, but Antoine and Ian, like people crawling over seats and fucking piling over each other to try to get over it. You know, people are screaming, they're like, Ian, come over here, please. Yeah. Like they're trying to wave them over and, and, and, and they were probably in the crowd for like fucking, I don't know, seem like 10 minutes. That's great. Sure. It was less than that. But, but yeah, the crowd was just going crazy trying to take pictures, you know, with those two guys. I mean, especially Ian, because of the podcast, obviously, being on a bro chat and all that, you know, he's really got a lot of fan connection. So it was just good, you know, but it also made me like think on the power of the podcast. You know, here's some podcast at work right here. You know, how many of these people are crawling over seats because Ian was top 10 at the Olympia last year, and how many of these people are crawling over seats because he talks about, but sex on bro chat. All right, very good point. It's, I mean, that's what really brings the modern world, but set. Thanks, Jim. Glad you like cocaine, hookers also. Yeah. I was sponsored by mutant. Just, uh, my, my note. Oh, I'm sick. Yeah, so yeah, so anyways, that's, that's, that's my, I had a good topic to talk about before we get into the YouTube questions. I thought I'd bring it up. Yes. Is there anything, is there anything you used to do, Dusty with your clients at shows? Oh, I'm thinking of shows that you attend. Yeah, show that you attend where you, like three, you got three clients in a show. Did you use to do things differently than you do now as far as like how you manage the day yourself? Oh, man. It's way more common to everything. Yes, because I think now it's just, I think the only, the main thing that I've worked on over the last few years, which is not just the day that show that always is is making sure to tell people when things are going very well. I tend to only make adjustments or say anything when things need to be adjusted. So in my brain, the fact that I don't say anything means, we're where we need to be. I've really worked on entire preps when I'm happy pointing it out being like, we're in a good spot. You know, right. And that definitely happens towards the end of the show. But I think usually that what that makes sure of, I haven't had a worried competitor like the day of the show in years because now they're understanding where we are. And by then it's relaxing. You know, I think you forget that not everyone sees the world through your lens. So I was never stressed at shows. I had a hard time staying awake even backstage because it was just, you know, you're kind of done and over and you know, you've put everything in the show and I forget some people really need that reminder and, you know, the entire way. But that's really it. I mean, the only other alteration is I did start making people. So a lot of times in the States, people can kind of stay where they want. I have them all come to the same hotel no matter where they want to go. Yeah, they go to my hotel. Yeah, because it's just it's too much of a hassle. They're going to come see you. They're staying at home. They're going to they're going to drive in and there's traffic. It's a shit show. I'm like, now I need you in room to 26. That's your spot. You know, so that's it. I mean, just basic things to make it stress free is the only thing that I've really adjusted. Yeah. What'd you guess? Well, I, I, I, I, I see all these trainers at the shows. I'm not going to, I'm not going to bag on trainers, by the way, that's not what this is. That's not where this is headed. That's next week. Yeah. Yeah. I know what I, I see all these trainers at the shows and they're all at various stages in their training, you know careers and business. Yes. And I can see myself in some of them with some of the things they've done. And so sometimes trainers do things that kind of annoy me. But I'm like, hey, you know what? I did that in like 2002 2003. I was doing that too. And I'm talking about like, I, I really think that it's important to keep the athlete very calm. Yeah. And not micromanage them. And I still see the odd trainer that's like checking on someone's condition every 10 minutes. I get to judge. Yeah, you know what I mean? And I get it like you really, really, really care and you really, really want to nail it. But I just learned over the years that like there's a certain timeframe that matters and a certain timeframe that doesn't matter. Right. Yeah. And and there's certain things that are going to get a little bit of a change in a short period. And there's other things that are futile. They're not going to make a difference until like tomorrow. Yeah. Whatever. So so I see and so I think I, well, you know, that guys, that guys at that stage where he's still doing this, you're still doing that, but it's finding it interesting. I, I run around a lot less than I used to. Oh yeah. Like, yeah, I mean, and another thing too, I know a lot of coaches like, like, that's lots of coaches to do this like at every single show. It's like, almost all coaches. So it's all of all coaches fit into this category. But I see, I see, you know, you kind of run from your seat and then you run back stage and check on somebody and then you go back to your seat. Try try not to disturb the show. Yeah, you know, what I mean, like, I've had a couple of situations where like, you know, I went back to my seat and I'm like, Oh, fuck the row filled up. So you got to fuck sorry guys, and you got to go any sitting and you see, you know, so, but then I will correct. I'll be like, OK, well, this row filled up. So I don't want to get up with 20 more fucking times. So I'm going to go grab that seat in the corner even though it's not as good as try. I don't know. I just, and that doesn't just go for coaches. That goes for everyone. There's people getting up and running around, right? I got to take so and so is fucking this and I got to make so I got to go run to my car and eat. I got to come back and I got to go like, there's, you know, shows are very in and out. That's the culture of the show. But this, like, really try not to, to, to, you know, block people and, you know, interfere with stuff and don't get up with people who are doing posing routines. And I don't know, just a little bit of that sort of show etiquette. I think is important and, you know, I don't know. Lots of observations. But yeah, I think the micro managing is something I don't do as much of now. Like, you know, you look really good. You're pumped. I'm going to go to my seat. Good luck out there. Yeah. I think a lot of that is for the, is for the competitors brain more than anything. Yeah. I mean, for example, Chris has never walks backstage with me. He comes back and you leave his phone. He comes back and you leave his phone. Yeah. I have to tell him what happened sometimes. Yeah. I remember a couple times at Nationals when he was up there helping me. Like, he would just wander back stage like right before I was about to go on. He just casually showed, look, I'd be like backstage with a band. Like doing curls and I'd look over and he'd be standing there and be like, yeah, I backed double. I might hit it and be okay. I need walk away. He did that once in hell. That was like funny. That was it. Yeah. He didn't say, I think that that's, I mean, for the younger coaches, I think a lot of it is, and I know, I, like I was doing the same. It was, it was making sure people knew who your people were when you were backstage. It was, you know, there's definitely that piece of it as well because, and I don't think it's a bad strategy when your people are good. Other competitors look and they go, oh, that guy helped him. Okay. Yeah. And that's, that's a good, you're not even speaking, but you're saying a lot. You know, so I don't think there's anything wrong with it. But as you've been doing it longer, I actually haven't been backstage or show in a long time because, by the time I send them off, we're done with this meal. It also, it also depends on the venue. You know, when you're familiar with all the local venues, and they serve venues that are like really easy to run backstage. Yeah. So I'll go backstage like 20 times, you know, but then there's, there's other places where they have the odd show where you're like, ah fuck, you're on your own. See, I'm not slapping that letter again. Yeah. You gotta go outside to go all the way around. Right. You're going in the back door. Yeah. I mean, my seat man. Just good luck with it. You know what I noticed that was different in England. Because when I was over there for the FedEx, they had a contest, too. It was a long show, too. Like they had every division including like, people with disabilities, there was this girl in, like a bikini division that only had one leg. She was freaking awesome. I like there was so many people though, and masters and masters and everything else. And then I was backstage and shooting some video and pictures. And, you know, just kind of watching how everybody was doing. Over there, there were a lot more people with their coaches doing the old school thing. Instead of using a band where they would hold a towel. You know, we're like, you have somebody like pumping up with a towel and you're giving them resistance and they're telling you to like do five more. You know, it was interesting because there was like a dozen people that I saw doing that. I never see that around here. Everybody always has bands, at least the shows that I go to. But there was like a lot of, and I don't know if maybe that's a move. Because as a coach, you're kind of dependent on me now to pump you up. I think there's, I don't know, but whatever the case though, I saw that far more than I have ever seen it anywhere in the US. Really? You shot the condition of the athletes and a local show there. I'm always blown away like, dude, you're fucking peeled at those shows. Yeah, there were some guys in really good shape and it just overall, there was a love of the sport which was really cool to see. We had Josh Malian, the show Josh has back there. He had several clients there. So he was backstage. You could tell who Josh was because he was the guy who was like a foot and a half taller than anybody else. You know, backstage. You can see him in any point. You don't support the inacts and there's a Viking. Yeah. When I met Josh, he was actually standing next to a Viking boat. You're kidding me. No, it was at body power in England. Okay. It was a clothing line. I don't know what they were called. They had some like, some, you know, Viking Norseman's genre branding. Right. Right. And so everyone at the booth looked like Vikings and they were all dressed like, you know, like Vikings, you know. And that's where I met Josh. He's like standing there like, you know, if I had the t-shirt on and he's in there, a Viking ship in the booth. Oh my god. There's this so funny. So that's how I know him. Yeah. It's amazing. Big fucking beard on. We have a couple of the YouTube questions for this episode before we, uh, actually all of our time. We're cranking. I had a question. I personally wanted to ask you guys. So we were at the mall, uh, the other week. And we went into Spencer's and I saw the wall of T-shirts. And I asked myself, I was like, which T-shirt would run and dusty pick out of these. So I took a picture of him. I'm an awful woman. I'm going to bring him to you today. Here's our selection. So at the bottom here, we have big dick is back in town. Shit happens when you party naked. I like older women and legalize eating ass. Actually, I think there's one more down below. Let's fuck. So you guys, I thought we could. I'm going to tell you important important that I found this out. I couldn't take any other YouTube questions until we got this one out of the way. They're all good. But which shirt would you guys pick? Oh, that's so funny. I have been top left my entire life. I like older women has been just been away at live. I might have waited a girl in high school just to hit on her mother. I mean, you never knew what I was there for. I'm also a fan of that shirt. That's a good one. But I also think the legalize eating ass is pretty funny. Yeah, I might even wear that once. I just noticed there's this sign that says, five four get one free. So you can literally have all five of them for the price of four, but my four. Yeah, yeah. They're basically the like you could have all five of these. This is how this works. It's very simple. Yeah. Really nice. Okay, so we've got the fact that the best part is that you saw those shirts and you were reminded of us. Yes. You're classy. Yeah. What shirts? Immediately. So the other day, you guys will love this. The girls come home from Target and they're like, oh, that was show their hall. Well, the shit they bought. And I didn't have an immediate say it, but all the sudden I see a shirt pulled out. I got this green day shirt. It's the cover of an album and I'm like, I had that shirt. That's exactly what you got. That's so funny. I just made your laugh. But maybe laughing more is a mic. I know you don't actually know any of those songs. Right. Name three songs. Name three songs. I saw it. I saw it. I saw it. I saw it. I saw it. I saw it. I saw it. I saw it. I saw it. I saw it. I saw it. I saw it. I saw it. I saw it. I saw it. It wasn't that small, but it means still eight years. It would have been for the dookie album. It would have been oh 93. Yeah, someone right around there for. Okay. Oh, yeah. Really. Yeah. So I saw green day a few times. They were fantastic. They put on a great show. They're really, really good musicians. Like playing together as a band. Like I've seen everybody live. And some bands aren't that great live. Yeah. But green day is tight as fuck. Like, you know, they got that punk that. They got to start and stop on the fuck. You know what I mean? Yeah. You got to be tight to play punk like that. Especially their old shit. You know. And Mike Durnt is one of the best bass players in rock and roll. He's unbelievable. And their drummer tray is a fucking nuthouse. And I just think they're a great band. My one regret is that in 1996, 95. There's second album in Somniac came out, which I fucking loved. It's a favorite album there. And they toured Australia. And I had tickets to go. And it didn't make it because I got food poisoning that day. And I was laying in my bedroom in like 100 degree heat with a fan on me, vomiting my guts out in a fucking garbage can. And it was the worst and the concert was going on without me. And I always regret it missing that show. Well, it's not like it was a choice. I just made this. The president just stopped the show and threw it the next day for you. Well, I was going to tell them afterwards that they redo that concert for me, you know. I mean, who else after all these years? This is the thing. I don't know if anyone else listening this does this. But I'm always amazed that when you bring up any random topic, Ron knows their names. Yes, still. He's like, oh, and then this guy has wife Samantha's heart. Oh, my God. I know my band. I know my band. I know my band. It's amazing. It's amazing. I have a friend that I met actually at the cigar bar. Rob and Rob and Husty look wait. Hold on. Just to make their own friends. Yeah. I'm sorry. I'm right about this. I thought someone go. When I brought Rob in. Yeah. There's only room. It's still weird. We're good. So, but anyways, this guy, I want to sit Ron and Rob down in Wallway. I have no idea what will happen. But they, you guys are like the same person. The, and a kill brings something out of him like, Why do you know that? I know a guy who also knows that. I'm sure of it. Yeah, you two together would be the greatest podcast. Scott and I would be done. So we're going to make goodness. Okay. Well, maybe one day you can take me to your cigar bar buddy. You know what I mean? We're going to because my house is quickly building. So you're about to, I came back. I have drywall completely up. I have a driveway. It's a house with rooms now. It's nice. Fast thing. So yeah, your room will be ready. Very soon, sir. Here's a question for you. I noticed something at the show this weekend. I don't care. But I just noticed it. And I was just interesting. I was like, ah. And the reason I, I guess I noticed it, I don't really go anywhere else. Right. I go to the gym. And I don't go anywhere else. So this was like my first event in a while. You know, yeah, I go to restaurants. So it's my first event in a while. And, um, I noticed there were a lot of people that were vaping back stage. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Like I saw that. Yeah. Like they're sitting. Like they're laying on the floor with their feet up. And they just pull out their vaping. And I don't, I'm, some of them, you know, those, like, you know, the ones that are like nicotine vapes. Yep. Like you tell someone like quit smoking, but they're still like nicotine vaping. So there are a lot of them are like that. They're like the big ones. Look at that light saber. And then, and then there were some people that just had like skinny little pens. So, you know, they're smoking weed pens, right? Yeah. That's how I think anyways. If it's a skinny little pen, I assume it's weed. And if it's a big one, I assume it's nicotine. But whatever. Yeah. Right. Not the point. Point is I'll pull them out and take a big puff and then just like blow a cloud near. Yeah. Back to sleep. I saw that in England, too. It was crazy. I don't care. Yeah. But I just saw it was honey because I was like, oh, are we doing that now? Yeah. I just want to be back there. When Ron just pulls out a pre-roll. He's like, well, if we don't have that, we're doing this. What we're doing now, we're doing this. Yeah. I don't know. I miss the memo that that was like, I don't know. First time I had seen this thing. First time I had seen that was a while ago. 2018 Chicago Pro with my client. I won't mention his name. Pro debut. We'll say that people configured out personally. Last name. We're walking down the hallway like two the venue and he's just pulled it out. Takes a puff. I was like, I just look at him. He said, yeah, there's no one around. He's like, I saw him. I'll chance he'd do it yesterday. I was like, oh, okay. Yeah. I'll chance that's your post. That's one thing. That's one thing. Totally be fine. I saw Mel doing it. That's what made me feel weird. Well, I have no problem with the weed pens. But I do, I think the vaping regular vaping. I just, to me, it's just ghetto is fuck. I said that on my post, it was a client's, yeah, client's wife literally messaged me and she was like, hey, I vaped. It got me to stop smoking cigarettes. I go, cool. It's gonna make you stop vaping. Maybe my post saying it's ghetto is fuck. Just a thought. I don't know. I see. I'm happy. I'm happy. Okay. See, I'm happy they're not smoking anymore. I am happy they're not smoking anymore. Yeah. I'm, I'm like, that's fucking good that you at least quit that. Because that's really fucking brutal. I can't imagine smoking cigarettes now. That's one thing I don't get. Yeah. What are they there? I get being addicted to cigarettes in the 90s and the 80s. Yeah. Because you got influenced by your fucking mums and dads. I mean, my mums fucking smoked the shit out of moss. Me and all my friends smoked in like early 90s. Yeah, I get, but like, so I saw some kids like, you know, teenagers the other day smoking cigarettes. And I was like, what the fuck went wrong? How can you be smoking cigarettes? First of all, we know now that they fucking told you. And we have an alternative that doesn't fucking kill you. We knew in the 90s too though, but remember it was like, Gen X, we just didn't fucking care. Yeah, really. We like to win. It was still cool in there. Yeah. You know, fucking Eddie Van Halen had one sticking out the top of his, top string of his guitar while he was ripping the solo slash between the hair. Happen with fuck. Yeah. Yeah. Slash has, you know, drummers have the cigarette hanging out of their mouth while they're fucking, you know, like, it was just, it was still cool. I want to know what those kids are doing for a living, but taking a forward. Yeah. I can afford that right. Well, that's my biggest question. I mean, I'm not judging. I'm like, what are you guys doing? You're obviously not trading stocks because that wouldn't afford it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You know, it's just, I don't understand smoke and cigarettes now because we know. And we have an alternative. If you got an nicotine addiction, which is like, one of the worst dedictions you can have for how hard it is to quit. I get that. But we got an alternative now. So like, I don't know. 98% of the way away from Look at who you're wrong assuming that they were doing worse. I assume the opposite is I'm a prick. I'm like, what the fuck are you doing that? You're too young to be addicted to something else. So just knock that shit off smoke weed. Well, I do, I do, I do. I do also like, so anyone who starts vaping nicotine, like I'm sure there's people out there that never actually smoke cigarettes. They just want straight to nicotine base. Yeah, yeah. And that, yeah, I'm just like, that's kind of interesting. New generation that they're smoked but they're there's layers. I've heard it at the high schools. They've had issues because the disposable vapes, cigarette, vape pens, the nicotine ones, they're clogging up the toilets. Because they got the disposable ones, the kids can, because think about it. When I was in high school, we used to smoke what we'd have to like go outside, go out behind the greenhouse, take a few puffs. Then run back inside, try like wash your hands and all that so that the temperatures didn't find out. You could vape, literally like we're just talking about people are vaping back stage. Yeah. But he knows. So these kids are vaping in the high schools and then just, just both literally clogging toilets across the country right now. The same thing is happening with the weed pens. Like, you know, just imagine if you were, if you were like doing something somewhere and you want to do a run out and smoke a joint, you'd have to like sneak out. Find a spot. Yeah. Real fast. You still got to have the place in the smile. Give me a gong. You got to have some, you know, clone or gum or something. And none of it works. But cover it up. Yeah, you got to do something right now. You're smelling like, cloned with weed. Yeah. Yeah. And then you got to do like the long way around to come back in. Yes. You can air out a little bit extra. And then, you know, you kind of stay away from people when you first go back in. You go grab a drink and send on the corner. Yeah. We used to do it. And nowadays, just go the bathroom and just take 10 halls off a pen and just walk back into the event. Just like, no space at all. Like, you see people just falling on pens and then just going right into shit. Like, it's funny. I just like, oh, man. You know, I don't think there is good though. Do you think it's weaker in comparison? I mean, yeah, the pen isn't the pen is not as just in shire told me that is not a serious smoking device. I agree. I agree. You like, I'm not trying to like, when they're like, we want to pen. I'm like, no, I'm an adult. I smoke where I want to. But I did have a weed pen that someone gave me. They were like, this cartridge is super strong. And I was like, oh, yeah. And I tried it. And I was like, oh, the fuck that was it. I just want to know what it was. But someone gave me a cartridge that was nuts. So they're out there. Get those. Get those. You know, get those. Sorry. Okay. We got some YouTube questions. They certainly have like, I want one. I got a great one. I have a great one. I have a great one. I have a great one. What I'm having a great one. What I'm having a great one. I want Scott to start this one. Oh, shit. And I stole this off of someone else's question box. I thought it was great. So it's, I'm a nerd. What's your favorite technology advancement? Bluetooth tape to see the streaming phones? What's your favorite technology change? Man, I, you know what I'll tell you is what I use everyday. And the people who like PCs are not going to be happy about this. I love the technology of being able to work all your Mac stuff together. Because we're recording this right now on my Mac desktop. I've got my Mac laptop. I've got my phone. I could take, you know what, that picture I just put up. I was like, oh shit, I want to ask the guys, what do I do? I air drop it to my computer, pull it on the screen. Like everything works together. And that used to be so difficult. Like, okay, I have this, you know, 10 gigabyte video on this camera. How do I move that shit? It's like, oh, I put it here. Now it's here here and here. It's like, I love how simple it makes everything. So there's that. That'd be my quick answer. That's a good one. I, I, I can, I was just thinking of this the other day. I was watching a, a bill burbit where he was talking about Steve Jobs. And he's like, everyone says Steve Jobs is such a great man. He didn't really do any of that shit. He just walked into a room and said, hey, I want all my records on this. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Like, It actually fucking do it himself. Yeah. He didn't sit down and write the code like, oh, I'm going to put all my records on my phone. He just told a bunch of people that are panicking, panicking to keep their jobs. Hey, fucking keep it on, put it on this. And so, but that, that to me is, it's, it's unbelievable that I have all of my music for my entire life. Every song that I could possibly want to listen to. Yeah. Like, the, the number of times, like, I'm such a music guy. Like, I'll just be sitting. I'll watch an episode of a show. And they'll be like five seconds of an old song in it. Yeah. And I'll make sure. I haven't heard that song in a while. So I'll fucking pull it up on my phone. And then I'll just, you know, keep it there on my phone. And then after the episodes over, I'll play it. Like, I'll fucking play this song. Yeah. And then I'll add it to my playlist. I'll throw it on one of my playlist. And I just, I can't believe the, the access to music and the fact that every CD I ever lost, it doesn't matter now. It's scratched. Yeah. It doesn't matter now. You know, you know, I had like tapes that I, I, I lost and I was like, I lost, I had tape fuck, you know. And this is like so funny to me. And so that, that to me is just incredible. And then I can Bluetooth it to my fucking car. Yeah. Like, yeah. I don't need to have the disk in the, like, just the whole thing of physical play, music. It's unbelievable. And I can be driving down the highway in the middle of nowhere. And pull up a song that I don't already have on my phone. Yeah. You know, like, it's not stored on my phone. I'll just pull up anything I want. Bluetooth it. That's easy. Yeah. That's great. Now, I, I think that that's, I was going to say my, my more specific thing that I enjoy with the music is I love unspotified that I can cue everything. So like when I go places, I know how long it takes to get somewhere. I cue sing songs before I leave the driveway. Oh, nice. I'm like, this will get me there. Should be right around five and a half songs. Then I'll sit in the parking lot and we've the last one to finish. Okay. I'll be perfect. Like, literally, that's my life. I go get in the car. It's first thing I do where am I going? Kyou, I'm up. Okay. Now I can put my phone down. I'm supposed to enroll. And then I also love that because Apple really has taken over the world. I've got it. My car has Apple. So you shoot me a text and it pops up. I touch the screen. Ron said and it reads it reads it to me. And then immediately, of course, would you like to reply? Yes. So our cast to reply that bitch gets it right. Fires it back to Ron. We're in business. So right. I love all that shit. You know, I had to teach my mom a bunch of it. I gave her AirPods. And I just gave him to her. And I was like, here you go. And she's like, all these are great. And then the other day, I'm like, so Mama, are you listening? AirPods a lot? No, they're dead. I'm like, she used them up in charge of them. She goes, I don't know how. I'm like, it's the same plug that's in your phone. Okay. That's like, right. This is, okay. We got to start from the bottom. And I gave her an Apple watch today. So that one's going to be a train rack. But there's a lot. There's that a lot to absorb there. You know, I'm trying to give it a piece of the time. But I thought that the plug-in was going to take care of itself. I didn't think of that. I, I also wanted to mention something that I'm, that I'm fucking loving. And just in case there's a listener out there that is like, oh, I didn't know about that or whatever. But if you go on Apple Music or Spotify or whatever, you can quite often pull up one of your favorite albums. Okay. So I just going to use this as an example. So you go and you pull up, you know, I pull up Nirvana's first album, Bleach. Right. Okay. I want to listen to Bleach. You know, listen to their first album. So now when you pull it up, there's Bleach and or there's Bleach deluxe edition. And all it is is the album. Let me just get the camera here. Get the album, right? And they've got, you know, the album. And then they've tacked on a live concert live from the Pine Street Theatre. Nice. 1990 from the Bleach tour before they were famous, right? And they've tacked on this remastered soundboard concert that no one's ever heard before. Yeah. From a little tiny hotel bar and Portland, Oregon before their famous. You could still get that when we were younger, but you had to go to the right record store. Yes. You had to get a bootleg or some type of UK import. Some is kind and it sounded like shit. Yeah. And there was time only like a few available out there. Yeah. Yeah. So, but now they're remastering these old soundboard recordings. They're making sure their their fuzz is taken out. And they're made to sound as if you're sitting right there. Listen to the crazy. How good it is. And they've done this with the whole bunch of album. So you pull up master puppets. Metallica master puppets. There's a deluxe edition now. And there's like 40 extra tracks added. And it's like there's like 15 songs from a live concert from the tour in 1985 from a soundboard recording. That's really good enough quality that they can release it. And then they'll be like some demo is an unreleased track. And the songs that didn't make the album that no one's ever heard or whatever. Or only the really crazy fans that had like the bootlegs and stuff I've ever heard. And maybe they weren't remastered. So they weren't they weren't sound great right? But now they're remastered. And they're on like, you know, digital quality. So there's just there's you know, I complain that there's not a lot of new music I like. But now I don't have to ever listen to anything new again. I can just re-listen to all my favorite old albums with all the bonus material tacked on to the end. And I could just live my life in my little circle over and over. So this is the beginning of how man eventually buy new bounces that they wear every day. Started out excited about that bit and I wound up sad. Oh God, that's great. Speaking of I have to send something to Scott real quick. And if you could if you could pull this up on the screen for Scott because I found a way that you and I can meet in the middle. Okay, it's off subject and I think I know what you're going here. Yeah, yeah, text it to me. And then I can pull that up because my text also comes up on the Mac. So there's that. Isn't that funny how that works. Yes. There we go. Scott and I meeting in the middle right here right now. All right, let's see on a tough subject. Oh, oh my yes. Let me think, Ron. What do you think of that? Those are called. What do you call? Coups. Cowboy. Crock, rock, rock, rock, boy, Boups. Crock, Boups. So here's what I want to know. Does the top part come off? Is turn them into an ankle height shoe? It kind of looks like they may be detachable. And like disconnect the tab. I'm hoping to go this is just a joke. And those don't exist. But. Oh, I'm going to show you all the lawsuits. I do want to say a special thank you and a shout out to literally about a hundred people now who have sent me various different songs. I have gotten so many crock memes. People tell me show this one to dusty or you know, show this to the guys or you need to get these or here's an attachment for your cracks. It's been quite a year. Literally like a hundred. I'm not kidding. I'm not exaggerating. That's pretty funny. I believe it. That's terrible. You're fucking terrible dude. It's terrible. Oh, God. I'm sorry. You've to rail this episode terribly sorry. Sorry. It's good. Again, it's good. Do we even have time for YouTube questions at this point? We literally have like a whole show worth of YouTube questions ahead of us. Let's do that episode. That one. All right. That sounds like a plan. Yeah, we can do that. We can next episode that one. You know, so we'll call this call this. So it just tease the entire episode that we were going to get to you. This was season four of Yellowstone. I've yellowstone. I haven't seen the doctor's view guys. I know. What is talking about the season four? Yeah. Yes. Okay. Okay. I'm good to go. Episode 152. Thanks everybody. Remember like, share, subscribe, comment, and... There you go. Thank you. Thank you. Get everybody. Remember it's just bodybuilding.