Hey, what's up guys? Welcome back to Bloods Wet and Gear with Coaches. Skip Hill, Andrew Barry and myself, Scott McNally. And of course, you know all the stuff you know who were brought to you by you. The people of Patreon, truenutrition.com. Use our code, think over there, supplement source.ca for Canadians. Very well, thank you for all the support from Patreon and from our advertisers. You can support us through Patreon or shop with our advertisers because you get something out of it at the end of the deal there. And we're happy to be here. We've got a bunch of stuff today, including in saying set of the week. So you've got some entries there. And we've got some questions. First question is from Patreon, guys. It's a question from one of our listeners, Casey, and you said, how far into your body building before you know if you have pro genetics? Six months. You know pretty early is what you're saying. Yeah, well, like other people will tell you, because I'll look at your calves and they'll look at your shoulders and they'll look at your forearms and then they'll see on the gym and see, like, let's say like when I was a personal trainer, you do a guy a good genetics when he's a younger guy and he comes in and within like six months he's already made more progress than you. And he's just kind of half-ass in it and Dick and you know, and you're like, hey, you know, you need a coach. You heard a body building and they're like, oh, yeah, something like that. And you're like, no, like, I think it should be your thing. Like, you want to go to the Olympia? Yeah, no. But yeah, I don't you guys say like you could usually tell if someone starts hitting body building, if they're putting on, you know, 25 pounds of good weight in their first year. And all the muscles are thickening up at the same rate, roughly. And shape, right? There's a lot of times not always, but like good muscle shape is a thing. Yeah, you see the insertions and you're like, oh, man, the joints look small. And the body fat distribution is pretty even all across. You're like, you can have a career in this stuff. Yeah, I can disagree with that. Yeah. There was a factor. I'm sorry. Yeah, that's what I was going to say too. It there are things we can't see. You know, how well the body, because it's. I think there's more to being a pro than the visual than the structure. But yeah, and as far as like a simulation of nutrients, how you respond to gear, can you eat a lot of food? Yeah, there's a lot that goes into it. But usually it plays out quite well within that first six months to a year where if you're making insane progress above and beyond everybody around you, there's a lot of potential there. Most people that most people don't have. Yeah, I would agree with that. And I have seen some guys that like you wouldn't think they were going to be a 300 pound body builder just by looking at them, you know, but then they start lifting. And I guess that, I guess that falls into Andrew's category of six months later, they've got the muscle. So yeah, well, let me have a little more to tell you. Yeah, you ask them what they're running and they're like, what do you mean like, like, running into the gym or on the drive? Exactly. And yeah, so you realize, oh, and you're, oh, okay, here's a prime example. There was a guy that went to my gym years ago. No, 100%, he's never does, doesn't even know if PD's look like. Doesn't know their names or anything. He was press in 160 pound dumbbells, like, like 10 15 reps, like, great form on the Nincline dumbbell press. He was see, you guys remember, Javankers, defensive end, nasty football player, like, yeah, I don't even remember what position he plays. He's a defensive end. Yeah, but he was an FZ that would have been a bodybuilding. Like his arm, he had like the clear shoulder arm definition and no body fat. And it's great, he was like six foot three, probably 280 with like abs. And that's what this guy was. And he asked me for a little bit of help to he wanted to get over 300, he played semi-profile football. And I'm like, what are you eating? And he's like, well, I get up and around one time I have a sub sandwich. Right. So exactly. And then like I have a bag of chips before I come to the gym. Yeah, and I do a protein shake afterwards. And then I have, you know, like a whatever for dinner, steak or I order something. And I get a burger or something. So he's eaten like 2,000 calories and he's already 280. And I'm like, oh, do this is easy. He breakfast. Start there. Right. Right. At one meal. And of course, he got the 306 just by adding. I was like, add 4 eggs, 2 pieces of toast and like a glass of juicer, salt them. And he got the 306 in a matter of like 2 months. You know what I'm saying? Like that. Just the kind of stuff that you and you could us, we would kill for it to be able to have that ease with gaining weight. Yeah. So that guy had, he would have had per level genetics if he wanted to do bodybuilding. Hey, how about this one? From Terry. He says after watching the Detroit pro in seeing Leslie get knocked for not having straighted glutes and not having enough leg size, I find myself completely lost as to how classic physique is judged any different than open bodybuilding. I know that the criteria says, I know what the criteria says, but it seems across the board they are judged by the exact same standards. The same is true with women's physique and women's bodybuilding. Just using Wesley as an example, the question is how is classic physique judged any different than open bodybuilding? Well, I mean, first off, classics look. Like for instance, big ramen couldn't try to hit classic poses and we wouldn't all just see here being like, oh, that's a great, he's a classic bodybuilder. The ramen is a friggin mass monster. You know what I mean? Or Jay Cutler in his prime or Ronnie Coleman. Like none of those guys embody like a classic look. And the classic is kind of the throwback to where the waist is smaller. Yeah, there's no overdeveloped or blown out body parts. And I'm not saying all open pros that big blown out body parts, but typically the waist slurments are a little bit bigger because to be 252, 262, 80 on stage, everything else. It's just, is everything grow proportionally like it is with those guys. That's why they're still able to maintain some aesthetic. But I would say, first of all, we get back to Wesley because I would say this just wasn't a good look for Wesley. Like Wesley's glutes were striated. He was just super flat. And his legs were downsized, I think, because he was flat. And because he'd been going so long. Like remember he did the Olympia and then the Arnold and then he did the Detroit. There's not a lot of downtime. And I think he even said he's he was done for the year because his body's just kind of had enough and it wasn't responding. Which would make sense. And he still, the thing is, it's hard because he looked incredible. Like he still looked in freakin' credible and he had such like just great shape, great condition. But yeah, the legs were just not the best. We know his glutes are striated. That's a thing. Like he didn't show up to the Detroit four weeks after the Arnold and suddenly loses glutes. Like he was just super-fright. Everything was little downsized. And the other thing is it's about who you're going against. And that particular show, it was him and Matt. And Matt's strength is his quads. And his hamster, he just kind of blew Wesley away from the waist down. So it would make you think, oh, Wesley doesn't have legs. And it's like, it's like saying, you know, you know, any other random pro next to Big Romney's legs, oh, he doesn't have legs. It's like, well, no, he just doesn't have a brain-dying curry next to him. And all of a sudden, like his legs aren't in the right. And they start looking weaker, you know, exactly. Exactly. But it, Brande Curry still has some of the top 10 legs in the world, target. Right. Right. So the argument there. But then getting back to the discussion of classic versus bodybuilding. And I wish, honestly, where's there wasn't weight classes in classic? Because to me, classics look, it's not about fitting a weight in a hyper-sahide criteria. They do what I think to make it more competitive, making more challenging. I like the weight classes. I like the challenge. And I find that people excel with constraints as what I found. And because they impose those limits, just like, two, 12. I love, two, 12, too. It's what can you pack into what you're allowed? You know what I mean? I don't know. Maybe part of it's the coach in me. But I get a little bit of a rush when it comes to making weights. And in trying to work within the constraints that you have, knowing that even if this other guy is going to be bigger, because he's taller, he's got his own set of constraints. You know what I mean? Why not do similar weight classes then to, like, the NPC and bodybuilding? So that, like, the cutoff is, you know, one, 97 and a quarter for light heavy weights. And then, okay, you know what I'm saying? So that there's a little bit of a, let me give you an example. Maybe if they did that though, they might end up with a lot of guys that don't look classic because they could, you know what I mean? Maybe because they don't let it give it to you. I'll give it to you. Okay. Guys look more classic because they can fill out the right way. And I, I mean, where I was going with that is, I'm a prime example of that. Me, like when I did the Tampa Pro, I had to cut down to under 240, okay. I had just competed three weeks before that. Yeah, you would be a good example of the 53, 254, okay. Yeah. And I was already in great shape. It wasn't like I needed to lose more body fat, but sucking down that 14, like I didn't eat Wednesday and Thursday, or Friday, you know, Wednesday and Thursday, was a show in front of whatever. I didn't eat for like two days leading into that show. Yeah, there's just no way I was able to come back from that. No matter insulin, no matter carbs, there just wasn't enough time to fill that cow. So it was actually arguably like my worst look in number of years. Like I was not happy with the look. Now, if I got to be like 248, okay. Yeah, that would have been a prime spot for me. I could cut four pounds and be great, you know. Yeah, I could see that for you, guy like you, I can see how that would be and you would still have that small waste. You still have the look. Let me also add about the two-twels. Just because I've seen the pictures of Flex Lewis at 231. And he is every bit as conditioned as he is at 211. And the freaky side, like amazing. I mean, I'm talking like check-in pictures for his coach type pictures. Where I'm sitting there with John Meadows and we're having sushi. I think it was up in Maine. And he's like, you want to see something crazy. And I'm like, what is it? He shows me. And like, I dropped my fork. It was that freaking good. And I'm like, what's he weigh in? And he's already in shape. He's like 231. I'm like, he's got to lose 20 more pounds. Like, wayer. So my point is that these weight restrictions sometimes hold back the best look that we could possibly see on athlete, especially in the, like, what will be the take-through? We're going to affect you. Take Derrick in what we got out of him versus what we saw before, once he went to open. You know, I, so I can agree with you. Yeah, at the same time, I love it. And I think there is something, it's broad. I think there's a reason why you don't see fat guys in 2-12. You know what I mean? You're like, you got to be nails because you know that, like, your squeeze in in. And a lot of cases, unless you're, you know, 5 foot zero, like, some of the best guys are. What do you think can help say a handful of people to have a better look where it could go against the look of the rest of the field? And basically make the majority of the field maybe far less classic looking. And just to piggyback off of what you said, Andrew, the way I completely agree with you. But I don't want to leave out when we're talking about the criteria between classic and open. I also think it's hips, boots, and adductors. Because there's just a different look when you get into the legs and the leg development of classic, where we don't have those really long, medium-adductors. I call it, um, it's kind of like a posterior chain, um, impact from all that squatting. And kind of, you know what I mean? Where in open you have that and it's okay to have. And as part of the reason I'm not as big of a fan of the open body building now, because I think the glutes, adductors, hips, and and the waistline, of course, from oblique just the midside. It's just too big. It's too big for me. I don't prefer that one. No, I think we all know when we look at open versus classic pros. We can easily distinguish. I think this verse, what they're bringing, what they're saying is what makes Matt more classic than Wesley, right? Like in a classical lineup, what makes this guy more classic than the other guy? That kind of makes. And a lot of it comes down to posing. How you're shifting the hips, how you're hitting the shots, because there's a lot of throwback shots involved with classic, where open you only really see those when the guys are doing the routines. I shall say this presentation is a much bigger factor in the classic ranks than it is. It's a really good point. Open guys walk out. They know they're big. They hit most musculars. They hit muscle shots, right? Whereas classic guys, they hit shots that for lack of better terms. It's just classic. It's a throwback to the 70s, 80s, the Brada, Haney, all those guys hitting some of those great shots that we love back in today. There were guys at the Arnold that were saying that Mike Somerfeld wasn't classic. They're like, oh man, he's bodybuilding. He's bodybuilding. He shouldn't have won. Okay, say this though, too. You can be classic and you can also be a really good bodybuilder. You can also do well in bodybuilding, because all the things that make you great in classics, small ways, wide shoulders, just structurally. Tell me that we don't want those in open bodybuilding, too. Like, bumstead, that's classic guy of all time, goes and does one open show and what he finished. Third or fourth, I think it was. I can't even remember now. I mean, who's to say if you gave him a year of diving in and saying, I'm doing open bodybuilding, there's no way class would he have risen to the top and maybe gotten to the Olympia as a regular show and gotten to the Olympia as an open bodybuilder. I know he's grandfathered in, but what do you've been able to do? I think he could. I do too. I think he could. Yeah, I do too. Give him a little time, some trend. Yeah. Let's do it. I'm all foreign as a matter of fact. I want to see that happen to be good. I would love to see it. I would love to see it. But if we went the other way and we took some guys that were like real classic bodybuilders, guys like sad trick. And we or like Sean Roden, imagine them less than they were, would they be as impressive, I wonder, if they could fit into classic. Because when I think of guys like that, they still were mass monsters to me. But they still looked classic. Do you know what I mean? Well, they had that thing. Two example of sad trick, we might have actually seen sad trick in real shape. If there were the weight classes for him. Okay. Yeah. Because the knock on him was he's never peeled peeled. Right. Yeah. And if he was forced to be to whatever 248 or whatever, might have been versus 260, that might have been a difference maker. And it might have been one of the greatest physics of all time. I got one for you. What's your effect? How do you think Flex Wheeler would in class? It may be amazing. Oh yeah. Amazing. I think it'd be Mr. Olympia if classic existed back then. Yeah, that's a good point. And the only reason I say that is because you said, you made that comparison of, you know, best of the week of all time. I'm like, I don't know. I'm sorry. I know I'm saying this classic physique. To date, it's been on a classic stage. Yeah, that's the same. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No, I think, yeah. 100%. Well, I mean, does anybody been more dominant in bodybuilding through all bodybuilding divisions ever than bumps that? I mean, it's just throwing it out there. Well, Arnold, the argument though would be that his he wrote on his name a little bit. He wanted to do the music. He shouldn't have technically. Yeah. And there wasn't a lot of competitors back there. And then they clearly he was, you know, that's level. But that's the first name that comes to my mind. Share it on a question. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. I mean, Lee Haney just how Lee Haney was pretty dominant, right? He was. He was. Um, but that was even during my Hay Day. I mean, that's when I was getting into it. And I knew, you know, I live out. I was like, I got Andrew then. I got one. But Ronnie Coleman. Well, okay. Well, we have this. Ronnie Coleman before he started taking drugs. Classic. I'm saying. Classic. Kind of classic. If the storage of true, he turned pro before ever taken any real drugs. Maybe took some of his thoughts to ourselves. Right? Just wanted Jim membership. Exactly. I mean, he had a pretty small waste. And his posing wasn't great. That's the thing. He weirdly would have had to spend some time posing, working the classic shot. Like, when you're the king, he went out there. He said, yeah, front double. Soon as he turned around, hit the rear double. It's like, okay, who's getting the second today? You know? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. All right. What else do we have here, guys? Um, drug Myers. He says 45 years old. Labs pulled after two months into what I thought would put me into TRT range. Is 150 milligrams a week at test, sip split into two doses Monday. In Thursday, this is 24 hours post injection. Astridile is 41 trying to optimize all parameters, suggestions. Um, what do these results say about my physiology? I don't see his like anything about his test. He's just telling us that's his ostrich and I think the last text message I sent you has to put those two together because it wasn't big. I got you. I got you. I got you. He threw some values up there. I think his test is his free time is. That's each. Okay. Got it. Got it. So yeah, he's cranking man on in this test is total test is 2006 63 and then SHBG is 60 and free test is 42. Okay. So he took his labs. How many hours after he took his injection? 24 hours. I'm going to say it's probably underground test. That's probably a little overdosed and he probably should have waited at least another full day before he got his labs checked. And I'm not one of these people that like, oh, you have to get your labs checked in the trough like when it's going to be at its lowest. I want to know what the what the middle like the the median is, you know, where the where the where where sure. And that's why we like to do more frequent injections so that we're not experiencing these, you know, cyclical ups and downs. You want to try to make it more like this. But yeah, I think it's test probably a little overdose. It's probably any probably tested a little early. Let's account for that. Let's say his testosterone comes down to if it's a day later. 13, 1400 probably. But still pretty high for what 150 milligrams. 150 milligrams. I think that total test is over 2000. It's 150 milligrams per injection or 150 milligrams total. per week per week split into two shots. Pretty good. Yeah, that's pretty good. Very good. I don't get the only thing. The only thing that looks off to me is the did you say the SHBG was 60 60. Yeah. Oh. And that's an odd one. And it's free test. That's what. 422. This is a stomp. The I exactly I thought the same thing. I'm like maybe he said 16. I'm 16. I would expect the SHBG to be closer with Gipset in 15 16. Yeah. Yes, even. Why is that so high? But also his testosterone is free test. So high. Something's just free test is so high. Exactly. It's an odd one. I'm almost calling Latter. Something's an odd ad not. Yeah. I had something's little. It's worth the test again, right? Yeah. So if it does listen to what I would do is I would take your testosterone dose like you did 75 migs on like a Sunday morning. And then I wouldn't test until like Tuesday morning at the earliest. Maybe Tuesday midday. Okay. And get those same lab checked. And let's let's see what's going on. Did he actually send the lab or did he just send the numbers? He posted a screenshot of the lab. Yeah. Oh. Yeah. So it wasn't like he didn't write it down. Well, right. Right. We all know that creatin is great for muscle building. But were you aware of its benefits for brain health? Oh. Are these problems creatin? No, it's definitely pronounced creatin. No, it's definitely creatin. I'm positive. Yeah. That's pretty much what I said. Creatin. Creatin? Well, regardless of what you want to call it, creatin plays an important role in brain health. Research demonstration your brain needs a significant amount of ATP to perform difficult tasks supplementing with creatin will improve phosphocreatin stores, helping your brain produce more ATP. So if you're not on creatin now, give it a try. Check out truenutrition.com. Use our code, think over there. They got all your basic health supplements like creatin, protein powder. Everything else you can think of. Use our code, think to help support our programming. Get some additional savings and get a great supplement. Yeah. It's definitely creatin. All right. Not sure where we're going here. And we were, like I said, guys, we're going to get to the insane set of the week. Adam. So by the way, guys, the questions that we've been taking here are from the think big Facebook group. That's also where we're going to grab the videos from the insane set of the week. People have been asking us, where can I post that or how can I get that to you? Post it there. Think big Facebook group. Hey, guys, so we posted in this group. I have a question. I'm hesitant to ask because I think I'm going to get roasted for it. But here it goes. I've lost over 90 pounds in multiple phases of dieting with diet breaks in between. Often, all lower fats during the diet phases as low as 30 grams per day and lower with periods of protein and fiberous carbs only. I do the Justin Harris method of only counting added fats since all protein sources are lean and it makes calculating things more simple. Anyway, sorry, I was getting kind of sidetracked there. Is that the Justin Harris method or is that just the method for counting protein? Because do you guys count fats from chicken and stuff? Lean protein? No. That's a parallel to Justin. I have for years. Because I have a spreadsheet that just like, but it's not a factor in my head where I'm like, if I'm saying I had 20 grams of fat today, I'm not like, okay, if you're using chicken. Chicken from your chicken? Yeah, no. It's like add 20 grams from peanut butter, add all kinds or olive oil or something. So, yeah, it's rare, but it's like background noise really. I'm sorry, I got sidetracked. Anyway, people ask all the time about that kind of thing. Yeah, yeah. I've noticed that when I take a break with added fats, I soon look worse. The more fat I eat, the worse I look and it certainly seems like my body stores dietary fat as body fat very efficiently. I've noticed significant changes in the mirror from just adding in 30 grams of fat per day. It's just five grams added to each meal. It makes sense to me because fat is the macro, most easily converted to body fat. But what puzzles me is that I'm astonished at just how little fat can make such a difference. Keep in mind, I measure way everything and I'm not just doing guesswork with the macros or cheating excessively. So, has anybody experienced this or no of people who just stay lean much easier on very low fats? Maybe those people could get to their three grams of omega fats per day and not really worry about needing any more than that. I like to say when clients ask me stuff like this that sometimes your body just like the Lord works in mysterious ways. I mean, it's kind of like when someone asks, I've been doing everything the same why did I gain a pound today? If we were doing labs twice a day and I could look at what your hormones are doing in the moment. And if I could measure your feet go out and put it in measure, all these left-through of my new variables that add up to some amount, I could give you an answer. But it's just like the trends. It's more important to look at the trends overall. And the trend is telling me what he's describing is that your body does better with less fat. And you probably saw one that does really well with carbohydrate refeits. Did he say the whole time you were reading that I was thinking the same thing like if you're having a problem with that, then keep the fats low and increase the carbs and see how you respond. But there are other variables too as an example. If you're going to add 5 grams of fat per meal in its oil or you're going to add 5 grams of fat in its peanuts or a nut or peanut butter, you're going to get a lot more calories over time. Not a ton, but you're going to get more if you go the nut or peanut butter route or a fat as well. Exactly. So the other part is that does need to be mentioned. Even though this may not be the case, he's lost a bunch of weight. So I have to wonder if there's not a negative, not feedback loop, but negative connotation in his brain psychologically with because he mentioned it. I'm eating fat. Therefore it's easier to be storage of that. Yeah, that makes me wonder if there's not something there where he's kind of like, okay, this is what's happening. And the scale is not the last word. So if you're gaining from that in its scale weight, that does not mean, oh, I gained a pound of body fat because the scale is reading a pound heavier. It's not going to be any different when you take in carbohydrates because you're going to be, you know, storing glycogen, which means you're storing more water and the weight has to go up a little bit too. So I don't consider the scale the last word number one, and go based more in composition. If you have a negative relationship, psychologically with dietary fat intake, that can feed you. That can, that can, that can, that can do you think he was using carbs when during the other portion? He was using protein carbs. Was that part of it? Was there a thing that's based diet is like protein carbs, but then when he's when he adds like five grams of fat to some of his meal. Okay, so he's not removing the carbs. I don't believe so. Okay. No, I thought it was going to be five risk card. He's not, you know, I mean, I'm saying, because then you look is good. If you do, I guess is he doing pictures too, because good, like, let's skip saying is he has this negative connotation towards any type of scale weight gain at all. And what are you actually, like if you're doing pictures, are you actually filling your intercellular fat stores and you look full around or in a good way? But you're kind of overlooking that or you're not even noticing that because you're not doing pictures, you're just looking at that scale and you think it should constantly be going down. And if it goes up at all, you're like, oh, red flag, this is bad, right? So I would tell them to start taking pictures and really start tracking the same way we do a clients, you know, with their check-ins and do your own check-ins with yourself and you know, keep your variables the same and then do another day where you're doing the fats. Excuse me, the fats that you're talking about and look at the pictures, you know, see if you look round or fuller, you might even look leaner, even if you gain to pound or too. All right, listen, we have a lot of questions, so we can either wrap it fire through a bunch of more, we can do one, leave it up to how everything's go, because we want to make sure we get in the insane set of the week. Anyone have experience with EPO for endurance? No, I don't know. It's one of those things are most bodybuilders typically don't want to add in because we're already thickening our blood with the other stuff we're putting in and we don't, you know, we've all heard stories, I can't remember what bodybuilder was using EPO, like in the 90s I think it was and had a serious, you know, a possible relation of that because of it. I think one guy that used it, it was a gamble. It was one of the big name coaches that you guys know well had him use it, worked with him for all the national level shows and the idea was to get like a more volume-ized look on stage. It was what they were going for. I looked at the literature, like the insert on it and it actually says that they will test your blood daily. It's usually done in the hospital, IV injection daily and that they're constantly monitoring to see what's happening with your blood each day before they give you the next injection. So I don't know if you're doing your 21-day cycle, I think it's a 21-day cycle. I don't know if you're doing that on your own though, are you getting your your hemoglobin checked every day? Because from what I understand is it can go from like just viscous to sludge in basically solid, you know, overnight if you're not careful with the next shot. It's just something I wouldn't play with honestly. Not having this would be something I would want like an expert doctor like like Scott's saying like testing you daily. So I just would I would never ask a client to take it, I would never recommend it. Not something I would do myself. How about a segue then or a side question to this then he said he wanted endurance. What would be our suggestions for endurance? Cardering, cartoel you. Yeah. Cardering, nocel you, methanol glue. I think we're going to find some other compounds or yielding some like data. I believe that's a good idea. I've had some incredible experience with data as far as endurance goes. I'm not going to run it yet. I'm going to save it from when I'm not on SLU but I wanted to get a feel for it. And there's some incredible like training cardio stuff going on there for me. The other one, Pico 2, the mushroom one. There's a lot of research. You know, a lot of companies sell it. It's a it's a patented blend of several mushrooms that is but I'll just excuse me. It used by a lot of endurance athletes in particular. So yeah. About MK677 stacked into DACA in test. What's your opinions on adding that in? I was going to say I don't think any of the three of us I know Andrew and myself. We're not fans of MK. Right? But it was being played. Mk plus Deca to me is just like you're going to be a water buffalo. Yeah. Yeah. Somebody asked where they can get ECA in the legally in the US. You can get it from the drug store. Right? Yep. You just got to bring your ID typically and you can only buy two boxes at a time. Brungade or primateen primateen tablets. Yeah. Trying to get my legs to respond three times a week. Three times a week less volume or two times a week with more volume 61 years old looking to start computing in classic physique. No restrictions on any movement. Just can't go as heavy or as much anymore. What's the reason? It's asking the difference between three times a week. I can't see asking whether to do two or three times a week. Yeah. Yeah. Three times a week. Rough. I mean, unless you're doing it. Yeah. Any intensity at all. Yeah. I don't know how you're going to pull that off for very long. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, like it's one thing we ask, you know, female bikini and wellness competitors to do three days a week with pretty good intensity, but they're also in their 20s, 30s. You know, some of the 40s. 60. Hey, man. I don't even know if I'll be able to train legs once a week. I have 60. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. I'm 55 and I got legs again on Friday and I tell you, I'm feeling I'm right now and I'm like, yeah, I hope they're ready to go. Yeah. So, so let's just say two. But let's start with two. Yeah. Yeah. I would definitely go to. Yeah. How about this one? Two of the options are two or three. Yeah. Yeah. Is this a suitable strategy? Pulling test eat 400 milligrams two times a week before the show, increasing mast pee from 400 to 600 and adding in trend at 25 daily, giving me low estrogen conversion status. Furthermore, Winstroke will be added to the regimen 10 days prior, 60 year old classic physique. Wow. We got all these. Oh, classic. Yeah. That's the same guy. That's the same guy. Once you train legs twice, let me try pal. Let me see. It is the same guy. Try to get a same guy. That's good. Okay. I would still a good question, but I would rather control the conversion than to eliminate it by eliminating it to a faster. I'd keep the testosterone in there, just make sure it's controlled. But would you run test E or C was it at 400 mixed twice a week? Or would you use a test pro? Oh, I would definitely. I didn't catch that. I'm a 50, 50 guy. Usually, especially if it's going to be closer to the show. I know that some people aren't. They're like, well, you can still control it. You won't have as much volume to inject. Okay, cool. As long as you control the conversion, I guess, okay. I would rather go 50, 50 split. And I'm just not an an an an an the guy. No sipping a can be argued that it's not very far off from an an an the an the a two. I can't remember the last two. I took to yeah. I can't remember the last time I took an an the an an the an you know what I'll be honest. It's primarily because back in the day there was bad an an the an an the an an a you know in supply chain and I just got away from it and I think I latched on to sipping eight and I've just always used sipping eight and recommended it. I don't know that it wouldn't work well, you know, 50, 50 with pro. I just must sit pro guy. Yeah. I always use testy. It's interesting. We don't mean that it really matters, but my logic is that it's generally going to be higher dose. Our gear is not as like 300 versus 200 and that it will. 300 all day too though, but it'll better hold without crashing that test sip is more likely. I see test sip crashes more than than test healing. That's oh yeah, it does. Really? That's my yeah, you guys know that. Yeah, it's much more successful. I can't remember the last time I saw it. That's it. Well, you also let me know. Yeah, but our air conditioning is like I walked into the gym and I do cardio. I'm like, who would set this at 67 degrees? Yeah, I know's was cold. I forget all of it, but I think that has something to do with why it's dose it pharmaceutical 200 versus testy is 250. I believe I can't remember what it is, but it does. Yeah, somebody chime in. Somebody chime in for me on the comments. Some that they will explain it. I'm sure it is like our listeners know that stuff. But anyway, um, I don't think there's one question. What's that? See the question about using cyclic dextrin and was the other thing? It's on the list there. Oh, I don't know. I was switching gears. I pulled up Facebook to put up the insane set of the week to load for a show. cyclic dextrin. Oh, and what you're going to call it? Hydro discs. I got it. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Is anyone combined cyclic dextrin with liquid glycerol for in the area? Closer bloating. Yeah. So I want to have things to be like, yeah, I want to because I feel skipped because I also, yes, I have. I want to hear skip stick on this because I know it was a thing for a little while 20 years ago, maybe 18 years ago. Yeah, it was it was back in the day. Justin could chime in on this has some really good stories about gel, sludge and stomach, not moving. I mean, it was, you know what, that was the, that was in the prime or in our prime as an industry of just nothing but trial and error. No science to go off. Really? There was some science science. There was something. Was there okay? Yeah, there was in theory. It makes sense. theory. Okay. But based on the science, it would have made sense. But Maxwell, you can go out that way. Yeah, it didn't, it didn't play out that way. And I think it played, I don't want to speak for him, but if I remember correctly, man, it's a long time ago. It was a hydration issue where there just wasn't enough glue because we were to get it to yeah, to get it to move. So it just ended up, I think explained just a giant bowling ball of gel and stomach. I want to say it was Steve Cookello. Okay. Wasn't it? I think it was Justin was Steve. Probably. Yeah. So at least Steve still got on stage and looked insane. You know, like whether it was me, I'd have been like, oh, this didn't work right. Well, I got to do this again. Steve was like, I'm still killing it. I just have a bowling ball of gel in my stomach and sleep down. Yeah. Yeah. That was my experience, too. You look kind of pregnant. And yeah. So you need to pass something and it's just not not moving. I'm going to jump over to this hard course set of the week, give me just a second here. What's up, guys? I got to jump in because I have to apologize. We freaking screwed up with the insane set. So you guys submitted so many more videos that we thought you were going to. And I missed a bunch of them. So we're coming up with a better strategy so that we get it right next time. So we look at a fraction of a mod this time. And I'm like, I said, I apologize. I'm very sorry. But we're going to come out with a better set of rules to make this thing work. And it's only because you guys blew this up so much. So thank you. Also, too, it's kind of cool because we have people at all levels in the group. You know, and you're inspiring people who are one day hoping to do what you do. So I love that. I love the community that we have and I love the positivity. So thank you guys for that. And now we shall carry on with the rest of the show, which like I said, we kind of have to up. So all right, here we go. So hey guys, vaguely from there. Let's see. That's Devon. Am I right? See here, if I can get this to, yes, it is. The RGO. He just went down into his first rap here. Is he moving this lower is it? Yeah, I like that nice control in the negative. Wow. Yeah, and those are legs. That's that's a men's physique pro right there. Nice. Yeah, that's a good legs, man. I really hope we can put the bed men's physique guys. Don't have muscle. Yes, yes, he's happy. Anyone that has never been to a pro show and seen men's pro men's physique, you will feel like you've never stepped foot in a gym. Me and backstage are some of these guys. Oh, okay. No, for sure, man. Like impressive. Because of the way he's for also tiny. I haven't counted his reps here. I don't know how far in this open. I mean, he's been going for a while here. This is where decent he's into. And I have my biases because he's a friend of mine. Okay. And it was a client. I just messed it up. We got to watch the whole thing again. I can't rewind it either. I can't rewind it either. So now I can count to. But I do like those, I like the control. I like the depth. I like the range of motion. I think it's good. Yeah. There's tension there still at the top. They're very at each rep looks the same. Yeah, silent. Sound. Yeah, like good. What's that machine there? Who makes that? E. E. Lee? You know, some type of pen ever. You guys like the pendulum. Love it. I don't go to the gym. So I don't know anything about an injured. I've never seen it in my life. I take a pendulum over a hat, squat all day long. Even though I did blast my legs with glass from the grip. I got a hack at the house. Really? You said last for you? What? No glass for me. Oh, I thought you said it was last for you. Even worse blast for me. I would get it. I'm not talking hard here. This is getting hard for him. It's got another one. Okay. Nice. Good set. Good set. Let's see here. So if I click off this, they can just scroll right on down. This is nice. I like this. Let's see if I can blow this up a little bit more. It's like a jar of go. Yeah, I was going to say yeah, yeah. It's not to count the plates and you're like, I see the elbow ribs. That's Josh. I've got an incline chest press here in the Smith machine with four plates. You got to tell me this is slow down, right? Maybe it's what you're seeing. Yeah, maybe it's what you're seeing it. Skip this. Maybe it's slow down to you. It doesn't to me. Okay. Then I'll try to put about it. Is this awful quick getting off the bench right there? Yeah. Yeah. He's strong man. He's going to do here. I'm going to go down to two plates. You go four, three. Oh, just four two. Okay. Yeah, when you see those cables on a suspension bridge, that's what he has for tendons. Yeah. He's going to freaking power. The guys don't have a brick shit. Look at those legs on him too. Oh, so funny. And I think I told him this before, he's coming to the Vermont show. Yeah, and he back the day, he's getting an excellent shape now. Like he's completely. Wow. He's he's getting great shape for his shows now. But back in a couple years ago, he's had this massive legs and this huge glutes. We called them dump truck. Like, oh, man, it was always like man. If that could just learn how to get a little bit better condition, he's going to start really making some damage and turn off last couple of years. He dropped it down to a plate for audio listeners. We appreciate our audio. Ever got hit by a car. It would damage the car. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Definitely knows that two, 12, you know, pro. Yeah. Syshabe. There's a good set. There's a good set. There might only critique there as he just needs a tan. That's this. Let's see. Do I need to, uh, okay, I can just scroll. I like this. Wait, who we got here? Is this Jennifer Jennifer again? So Jennifer, okay, I'm waiting again. She looks incredible right now. Dusty just posted something. Dusty sent me a picture of her back. I think they trained together and Peter had posted a video of her back. Like, she's in really good shape right now. So must be doing the color. Which is where we're coming up. Yeah. I think we're 10 days out. I got a couple of people doing that. Right. So, okay. Yes. They look good. Are they up there right now? Or are they down and Florida right now? They went down to Dusty's gym in Arizona? No, South Carolina. Was that what he is? Yeah. He moved a while. He didn't want to go. Peter said it was check into they were like, I can't I never get it right. They're going to hover down. Yeah. They travel back and forth up to the home of Amber and. Yeah. Going. You guys know, Peter there. You can see Peter in the video from the gun video that we did. Screw them all that apparently. He's making good progress himself. Why are the kids growing mallets? Andrew, you tell me you're a little closer to their age. I'm closer to you guys. I'm not the hairstyle mallet guy. Should we start doing mallets? The younger guys in the live stream, let us know if we can see it. We've never looked good when you're over 40. It looks like right. Okay. Oh. There's a good set. She's still going by the way. That's for audio. I thought she was done. No, she's kind of crazy. I think it's what I'm seeing out of this. Now, she didn't start over. Word to the wise though. If she is 10 days out. No, it's going to be the last super hard day you want to have. Yeah on the on the likes. Yeah. Yeah. I think it's starting over. Now, she just barely. She got caught in the one. I don't think this starts over. Maybe I'm wrong. I think that was actually. Does it? Yeah. Because I mean that wrap. I don't know how she didn't eat it, but she was she stopped halfway and then was able to finish it. I'm like, I can't control this. They just gonna keep going. Well, okay. Maybe you're right. All right. All right. So who is this? This got diving again. Oh, I'm with another entry here on the hack. I think you can change as close. It must be a different day. It's got an exact one. Those men's busy. Guys trained to look hard. Hacks, what we don't make or this was five plates each side for 10. Really nice control. I love the control that he uses in this. Like you can see he's working this hard. You know, I'm going to be honest. Everything is going like twice as slow for me. So everything looks super controlled. There. Now I can I can see how fat or I can see how far along we are. There's a long set. Two minutes up. I couldn't have climbed through like a two minutes at the other day. He said this was after five plates on each side for 10. Nice. You put your clients through a long set, Andrew? Yeah, well, we did um, we did this thing where after we did like single leg leg press went pretty heavy on that. We went to the like the hacksaw one more upset and then we started with why I started with like a plate on each side. You do five reps and then someone adds a plate. You do five reps at a plate and you keep going until you can't go any more. You try to get like 45 reps total and I think I got up to like five and a half plates. She I think I got up to like almost three plates, which is pretty crazy. And then you rest for two minutes and then you go back down. Okay, five reps. So I can see that. I used to do something like that with leg press where I'd put start with two plates on each side. I'd get 10 constant reps and put another plate on immediately get back down get 10 constant reps put another plate on and then do that until you can't get 10 constant reps anymore. And then put two more plates on and rest on each side, rest for four minutes and then get as many as you can. It's like a good group. When you don't feel like going super, super heavy like you're just like, I'm going to join our feeling it. So you go with some super intense that just you know it's going to blow them up. We got Chris Chris Anderson here on the hack all loaded up nice and slow places slow for Andrew. I think we saw this one last week. Did we it's at the top of the list same jersey he's wearing this maybe where's every time he does legs. Oh, I think we did it says March 30th. Yeah. But we haven't seen this one. Good eye. So this was Chris. That looks nice. True squat man these are nuts. Yeah, they're yeah. I like them. All right, true squat or pendulum squats. Skip. Pendulum because I don't like how the true squat shakes. It does well. It doesn't feel solid. I guess. And if I was moving dusty way, they know way. I like it because it makes me feel like I'm squatting again. And I do like the shakes because it reminds me. It makes me feel like I'm like rattle in the plates. You know what I mean? Yeah. Both about that. He's getting nice and easy. Yeah, he really is. And that's not terribly like nice control to get in harder and he's going slower on the negative. There's a beautiful set. Good job there, brother. Who was I would say when using this kind of way, I'd like to have someone stand there. This is Bobby. So when I'm telling they can just throw the thing in the safety latch in and we're helping me get out just brown again on the squat here. This is from April 6. So this is guy. Anyone? There you know Josh you retired, buddy. Yeah. Yeah, him in Jennifer both Holy crap. Yeah, no kid. Holy crap. It's a way down there. Holy crap guys. He's squatting basically the whole bar. Boom. Boom. Oh my god. This dude is nuts. Still going guys for the audio listeners. We appreciate you hanging with us. He's got seven plates. Yeah. Wow. That was a killer set. That was a killer set. Where does he not done yet? Now he's going to do it. Oh man. So guys he has another rack set up and it looks like he has four plates. Is that four plates? Maybe three guys that are not in the screen who are pissed that they can't squat right now. Josh hogging all the balls of rats. Yeah, and all the plates. No, no the leg press right now. Oh, and he's just pumping out this. It looks like four plates. He's just pumping these reps out. Like I couldn't start with this right now guys. You realize that. Like this couldn't be my best set. Even not having done anything else first. I don't really so I always had to do at least hand curls and some outdoctor before doing heavy. Oh yeah, but what I mean is like I'm saying like even without doing the first part I could not do that second part. I'm sorry. I got you. Well, can any of these more? We saw a page. All these are from last. Yeah, yeah, so I think that was it then guys because these are all from like March 31st. April 3rd here's another new one. This would be new. Oh, it's Josh again. Josh, we've already watched you train for a half hour now, buddy. April 4th here's another new one. And this is from James. It's got a dead left here going off the floor. Yeah, what does it look like? Four three three I don't know what those other colored plates are. I think um, but he's looking really clean on this though, right? Yeah, I was thinking the same thing. He looks like he was born to do this movement. So he stops after about a good dozen plus reps and I don't think he's done yet is he. Because he's holding onto the barn breathing. Oh, wow. Just coming back up for one really brutal freaking rap. That was nice. All right, another April 1st. So I think we did see. Yeah, we saw them. Locklin. Yeah, that was a great one. That was from the last one. Yeah, that was a great one. Okay, they did like 118. April 4th this would be new. This from Brandon Little. Looks like Brandon Lake Press. Yeah, it's on the Lake Press here. I like pressed for the first time in over four years. Really? Yeah, they're nice. Yeah. What's that? How do you go? Yeah, it's not a lower back friendly movement. No, it's not a because of intrapheacle and intrapdominal pressure, but it actually did feel pretty good. I think it might. I'm going to use it as a finish. Sure. Okay. For the next few leg workouts just to see. But it's a finish. I like it down here. Do you ever do single leg press? Oh, yeah, it made me love it because it's not I did when I was having a lot of knee problem because I want that's when I was balancing out strength left to right and it worked. Guys, see you at stuffing this. Yep. Mine is not showing what you're showing. So that's that's a lot of control. Yeah, yeah, he's dead stuff like this. Nice control. The way down I love the depth on that that leg press. I used to always keep my legs closer and my chest would kind of get in the way. So the range was a lot shorter, you know. You guys ever knock a rib out your floating rib on like this? I have it. Oh, that's always fun. That was a really nice. Yeah. It's like. I guess that was it. Guess that was it. All right. Well, guys, we have to make a decision here. What stands out? Well, seen as I was seeing everything in half speed and I don't think I saw the full um benefit. I took I still got to go with Josh, which is the crazy way it's easy to use it. Man, I know but can we not him Josh went again? No, do we give Josh the price of that very week? We did. That's how I feel. I agree. This set right here is for getting credible on its own and then he drops down. Yeah, but I feel like we need to give other people a chance. You know what I mean? This isn't participation trophy. Thanks God. This is what the best said. We just going to clean up every week. That he's a bringer. He's going to have to we're going to have to retire or whatever. When I'll test up the game and bring it up. Yeah, I'm bringing it up. I'm not saying. I'm not saying squat 78 plates. If that's not what you could do. No, it's not just what I'm saying like to go from eight plates down or seven plates are around a what three or four in the same back. Okay, so it was 585 for seven reps and then dropped down to three 15 for 12 and the other rack. That's really good. You can catch very many breaths before he jumped right back. No, he just ran right over to that thing. And those are non lock. I mean those are just constant. These are like easy shots. You don't mean those are like warm up looking reps like when it's not hard. You know, he's doing this. I'd love to deny him, but I don't know if I can't. I give an honorable mention. I thought the guy the guy's effort on the dead was great. Yeah. I feel like every Yeah, that does stop on the leg press. It's hard to pick. Yeah, so if you this was great too like this Exactly, the squat was incredible, you know. Yeah, like I know that was a hard thing away. Yeah, taking anything away from anybody's effort because I mean these are these are great sets and Devon had two great exercises in here. Yep, and of course the winner for last kill and can't win again. Kill and the kill and the pendulum is usual. Yeah, I thought Devon like great here too. All right. So that's that's that. Does that mean I don't know. Is this the end of the contest then? We stop do we because we can't you know, we're not voting. You know what I'm saying? Is that nobody stood out to me as being like nobody stood out to me as being bad. You know what I mean? No, that's well, that's true. No, none of our bad sets at all. None of them were like not worthy of. I mentioned, but I mean, in my opinion, just if someone would have taken four plates on the squat and then done two plates and now and put out the effort that Josh didn't eat in the show or the contest. Or eat? Yeah, I would have said that theirs was the best. I just think yeah, the hardest exercise in my opinion was squats and he did two really hard sets back and back without any rest. Like the three plates I'm 12 was great. The five plates are six whatever some plates times what is seven or eight? Like I'll tell you where somebody could have beat him. I just in my my perspective is there someone we're squatting and they ate it or they had to dump it. Yeah. Out of failure. I'll give you failure in the squat. I'll give you failure in the squat over Josh's strength because strength is relative. Yeah. So, you know, you want to you want to beat him. Go with those constant reps and just either eat it. That is to where you have to set it down or you have to get more. I'll tell you what. The intensity on that deadlift to me was right up there. He took that last rep on it and he had to dig deep. You know, I'm saying him when he tried that rep. I don't think he knew if he was going to get it or not. You know what I mean? That was a that was a really good set. I would put him right up there if if we're giving it to Josh then I would say my honorable mention goes to him. Which let me let me find his name again. And I would say this to Josh. Bro, strong as hell. Crazy good mechanics. Everything's good. The nonstop reps ain't seen you eat one yet. And you don't want yet. And here in his defense. It's awful hard to go to failure with seven points. Yeah. And it's dangerous. It's dangerous. Yeah. We're not going to get any wrong. Like, of course. James over it. But I am saying what is that? That is a level of intensity. Why don't we make a plan on intensity? You got to do two reps? Like 20 reps on a squat or a hack squat or leg press or whatever you're doing. Yeah. Something that combines both strength and we'll call it an endurance factor of some level. So that's not just like a strength contest. Right. Because I'm not saying that being wild by Josh is strength. Well, while I am wild by strength, I'm saying the the the the set plus the set one after another. That's what the intensity of what that day is. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. All right. Well, it's good. We appreciate everybody tuning in. And of course, go to bodyvery.com to reach out to Andrew team skip.com to reach out to skip. Hit me up at McNallydiodesagmail.com. And of course, true nutrition.com user code think over there. I tried a new flavor skip. The what is it called cookie butter? You ever heard of the cookie? Okay. Never heard of the cookie butter managed. Maybe I'm just dieting now. But I'm like, why did I not know. But it's new. But it may be novel. I enjoyed it. It's not on the top of my list. But it's it's different. I'm not going to get that flavor anywhere. Yeah. I mentioned some flavor stuff. Do you guys, um, do you guys, you guys, you, your voice? Uh, not very often. But I know occasionally. Cationally. Oh, man. You got to try the the flavored stuff. I work with the elevate foods. And okay. We just came out with coconut cream. And we've got Georgia Peach two different chocolate varieties. Cookie butter. Uh, what else we got? Apple pie. Okay. I'll few. You got to try them out. Use my coconut cream. Yeah. Barry. It's, it's, and if you buy five bags, you get 20% off plus free shipping if you use my code. So okay. Nice. It's well worth it. Like I go through like 12 bags a month. Cool. It's not a great one. Right. And of course, check out the supplement source.ca and thank you to everybody from Patreon. Guys, load us up with questions for the next episode on YouTube and on Patreon. And for another episode of Let's Went and Gear, we'll see you soon. Thank you guys. And thank you for all your positivity and everything. We literally have like the coolest listeners. You know, we really do. We've got great freaking people here. So thank you to everybody in the stream too. You guys are freaking cool.