What's up guys, welcome back to Muscle Mines with Scott Stevenson. I'm Scott McNaley and all of our programming is brought to you by Scott's book, BYOBBCoach.com. You can get that at BYOBBCoach.com, be your own body building coach or Scott, do you still have the hardcover signed that you're off the side of the screen? Yep, it's on eBay. You can order the hardcover, but right now, Scott's got the best deal if you get it straight through him and are you still donating like 15% of the proceeds to the ASPCA? Yeah, I am. And I have a quick thought on that if it's okay with someone pointed out to me, too, that the president or the highest up seat you of the ASPCA makes like $700,000 per year, right? I'm not profit, not profit. It's an on profit. I'm like, oh man. And I looked into that and there was also some misinformation from what I could tell as to what percentage of their money they take in actually goes to dogs. So I looked into that just to make sure for a second, I'm like, I'm going to have the change. Charities are doing something different. But that number is in the amount of money that comes into that organization. That number is in all the CEOs for basically not, I mean, all of them, but the vast majority it seems of CEOs with a high end, big number charities taken around a million dollars per year. Because there's CEOs and it's kind of like, I think this is just our society is. If someone's able to bring in that much money, then that's the salary that they want. They deserve regardless of its for a charity or not. So it's working for the charity because then it benefits the charitable cause. So I was like, I don't know about that. I'm like, because you're okay with that. I'm, I mean, ethically, it's sort of, you know, it's the less or two evils or it just kind of what comes with the deal. If you want to, if you want a bad ass CEO that manages things well and brings more money in and makes the charitable charity more successful and doing it's charitable work, you got to pay him accordingly. It's just kind of how it is. I want to be a CEO. That's the lesson out of this. I need to be a CEO or something, Scott. Yeah, I mean, if you ever want to make it, you have to, I think there has to be a certain mentality for someone who. Because it's your money for your own. You're fine. Yeah, close. That shows back on now I saw. Oh, yeah. All of it's another topic. It's also brought to you guys by Trunutrition.com. Use our code, think over there for additional savings. I got an order, my college and by the way, I'm running out of college and like I said, code, think over there in supplement source.ca for Canadians. We've got some Patreon stuff. In fact, we might have some, I think we're going to lead with a Patreon question today. Because I think it was from Peyton. Where was this one, Scott? It was about, okay, would love to hear the different opinions on organic versus nonorganic and grass fed versus green fed foods. Do you think it is worth the extra cost? So, the best way to address this, I thought, I like I mentioned before. I may not be in the recording, but I have a two-part article on John Meadow site, Mountedalkaiat.com. It's a few years old now, but you don't really need the know as far as answering this question and making your own personal decision. You don't necessarily need the know. Unless you have some very specific health concern, like you know that you have a particular cancer, something like that that is highly probably caused by a specific pesticide or you have it you're in a compromise in some way or something like that. But the basics of what is, when I'm about to sort of explain here, still hold. So you can kind of get an idea if you want to make the call. And it's a great, it's a personal decision, right? It's not black or white. So, a couple of thoughts, I'm kind of just going to read these and try not to sound like I'm just reading out of a book here, but here's some ideas. So USDA organic, I didn't just know what to spend. Before I wrote this, I thought organic, like anything with a carbon in this organic. I'm thinking like it can't miss it. What is organic mean? But it's a specific, it's a label that the USDA approves based on how produce is farmed or meet as well. So it's an agricultural label you can put on the product. It's different than natural transitional is, and I'll talk with this a transitional. It refers to a farm that is doing the things that they would have to do to be able to gain it. So, and there's a whole list of those you can read those online. But not using pesticides, certain farming methods, and you have to do that for a period of time. So let's say you start off and you've been using certain kinds of pesticides. It takes X number of years for those things to leave the soil and no longer be in the produce. So you're transitional for a period of time. They sort of put your probational sort of speak, and then you can become organic after X number of years. So it's different than antibiotic free range is different. So you can look at all that, what that means in terms of eggs, and other terms that may or not be approved by the US Food and Drug Administration. So organic food tends to be lower in pesticides, but some other differences in it's variable like microtoxins heavy metals, bacteria levels, it's not as predictable. Organic produce has higher nutrients lower in nitrates, so nitrates can form nitrosoamines, which are DNA damaging, so potentially a carcinogenic. You tend to see that organic pork and chicken is less likely to be bacterial cross contaminated, but the bacteria are less likely. Sorry, maybe they may be cross contaminated because that just happens, but the bacteria are less likely to be antibiotic resistant. So to contextualize that, that's sort of a factoid that you see in the in some of the research. But when was the last time you got sick from eating pork or chicken and are eating it raw? So is that relevant? It's good point. Don't know. Yeah. So it's important to protect all this is sort of about context. The variation in toxin and nutrient levels in the generproxyomatter of how long the farmers in practicing organic methods. So this would be relevant. So other farming practices, the climate and seasonal conditions species are breath of fruit, vegetable and animal, as well as the country of origin. So it's going to vary depending on if you're getting organic from Mexico. Like if you're in the southern United States, that's a common thing. Where it's coming from, which farm you can ask, like I used to go to farmers' markets a good bit. And sometimes there were farmers there that were basically according to their word and I trusted them. And most cases, you know, sort of have to go by instinct whether you believe someone, but they're, they're, they're following organic, but we haven't actually done that because I think there is an expense associated with the instance associated with being getting the USDA's approval as being organic. So there's something there. And like for instance, the best example of a whole but beef company was out in the Arizona area. And I used to buy, like I would buy 101 pound chunks of ground beef from him from this guy. And he could actually pick the cow that he would pull that from or the cow sometimes because I like to get the leaner stuff. And he could keep the fat low and he could sort of size the cow up. And I could just see from the marbling, right? And I was buying, you know, 100 pound set of shots. He would deliver it to the gym and sometimes I was like, I would distribute the meat like other people would want some. So I would put it in my freezer and then, you know, I give 20 pound or sell just not sell, but just give for the same price 20 pound. Like Dave Henry got some of your training like gust of scent. I think may have gotten some and other friends there. People are at the gym like, hey, you guys want some of this, you know. So if you leave Henry me, that's not a number of the secrets. Yeah, that's what it was. That's, you know, it's all about that. I think he still isn't contact with that guy because that's the bad idea. I've seen his personal sauce. I'm such a small, yeah. Not already fine. So there's a price look up number, a PLU number, little sticker. That's on fruits and vegetables. You can see it if it has a nine, that means it's organic. Oh, if it has an eight, that means it's a GMO for what that's worth. So if you're concerned about that, so your reasons for going, or gain or cannot, or going to be, it's going to go hand it hand. You have to educate yourself on the product that you're looking at, the farming practices, if you possibly can. If you're buying in the store or direct from the farmer, so it's, it's a complicated scene. You'll have to kind of navigate. Organic beef, just, those kind of switching to beef here and grass-based diets, etc. They'll have a favorable fatty acid content that's more like what you see in grass-fed beef. It's the feed that the animal is fed that changes what you find in the meat. So cattle are rumenants. They have a very different digestive system that we do as humans. So what they're fed, how the bacteria and the rumenant digestive system, then takes that feed and then makes fatty acids and also how much antioxidants are found in the beef, depends on what they're given. So I kind of use the example, like if you take a human and just say, okay, there's your vending machine right there in the corner, you can have anything you want out of any machine. All the stuff that will survive a nuclear apocalypse, right? All this stuff in plastic bags that will sit there forever, that's highly processed and eat that for a year. And then compare that with someone who goes grocery shopping and they just stay on the outside. They buy only the stuff that was once alive and is still semi-alive, right? Or more recently alive, not processed. And it's going to change the composition of what's in your body, right? You're going to end up you are what you eat. I've seen different numbers, I can't say which is exactly true, but somewhere around, it depends on the tissue and the turnover rate, the tissue, but somewhere around 90% of your body's molecules are replaced in the course of a year. Okay, wow. So you're like a new person, a year. And that's from a body-burning perspective, that's really, really cool to think about. So that's why you can become like nutrient deficiencies. If you don't have any vitamin C for instance, you're going to get scurvy, like there's a classic like that. But what you eat is your DNA, your body's biological system does a good job of maintaining all those things, otherwise you just get very, very sick. But the molecules are turning over, they're breaking down and they're turning over. So that's the same thing happens with the beef. So grass-fed diet. So if we're talking about beef now, and then we're talking about the meat now, it's going to be higher generally in anti-inflammatory, omega-3s and conjugate, a linoleic acids. It's important to know the omega-3s that are there are not really a major source compared to fatty fish. Like if you just ate, I don't even know you have to go and figure this, calculate this, but just eating grass-fed beef versus it's not going to satisfy your omega-3 needs, unless that's maybe all that you ate and nothing else. All your calories came there, it's not really a major source. It's a nice perk. But it's not really that significant in the grand scheme of things. Years ago, you remember a little podcast called The Sfoli Trinity? Yeah. I remember Alan Aragon broke that down into detail, like the specifics of what you're actually getting from omega fats from beef, man, and it really was eye-opening, but it just a tiny fraction compared to, like you said, fatty fish. I never knew that. Yeah. So you'll see that. That's like the thing that's advertised, it's like, oh, yeah, I'm going to get my omega-3s this way, and I really don't like salmon or steal head trout or macrower, what have you. Yeah. You know, you can just supplement those things. As far as fats, like, first-ness, whole-beef company. Oh, oh. Sorry. I know. Yeah. We got to take the house. Yeah. You're not going to necessarily end up with a leaner cut of beef per se. That's very, of course, depending on which cut of beef it is in general. But, like I said, with the whole beef company, he kind of chose to be picked that out for me, right? It wasn't always the case. It's like, this is the lean stuff, and I could tell that was very ability there. But I just like getting, and some of the reason why I got that was that that time, there was the period I probably met, I know I mentioned here, but there was a period of time when I was eating 90 plus per se. I didn't have to be able to get 90 plus per percentage of my food raw. Oh, wow. Which was awesome. I felt amazing. It was so, I didn't have to cook anything. So, a little aside there on those days, we're going and going to farms and picking my own fruits and vegetables. Going to place like trader jose where I could get organic stuff. That, that I would still wash it off a little bit. Just as general course of action. But everything, I just threw everything in a big cooler. And then threw a couple ice packs in there, including like a chub of beef. And then I would eat raw. I'd eat the beef raw, I was eating turkey raw. I didn't eat chicken, I stayed away from chicken. I'd eat tuna sushi grade tuna raw. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Of course, the only cooked food I was eating was sushi, and that was the rice and the sushi. That was the, and I do that a couple of times a week. If you were to do that again now, you documented the whole thing with like a high quality cell phone camera. I feel like we can get you a hundred thousand followers overnight, you know, with, you know, It's a breeze to do. I just have to seek out a place that I trust for the meat. I've never eaten raw meat. I've never, you know, I've never eaten sushi. I've had sushi, I've had sushi, I'm not good. And I could imagine this man, I could not imagine this. But I'm sorry, I'm not picking us aside now there. No, it's funny because like, I've even in the last, it's not been so long. Like, like, I sometimes I refer friends that are back in the Tucson area. It's a acupuncturist that are there that remember me for when I was doing this one. I was an acupuncturist school. And I say, hey, tell him I said hello and then they come back and he's like, what? He's like, he's still eating raw meat. I think he'll be over. Yeah, he's still over here. Yeah, he's still over here. Right? Oh, wow. So, so yeah, but I, but I trusted, you know, I trusted his stuff. I, you know, and so that was not a problem. You know, and I, and I never got sick doing that. Not a nice. I tell you what, like, like, corn, like raw corn on the cob. Oh, my God. It's so good. It's so sweet. Oh, really? Yeah, I mean, as an aside there, there was, you won't even be able to find that it's not even on the internet. There was a form of eating called anopsology that a guy named French guy in a beige. I have the have like the a print out of like his document as to how you do this. But he was, the idea from this is total aside now. I mean, I think we're kind of having fun here. But was that when we started cooking food maybe 10,000 years ago or so, you changed the chemical content. And that then disallows us our brain. And we know this, like, there are certain things that people just tend to overeat. We've got so much fat shrugger and, you know, foods are manufactured and also presented you in ways to get people to overeat. I mean, God yeah, look at what's happening to our rates of obesity and overweight. So, but when you eat this way, he believes in this idea of a taste change. And I've actually, like sugar, you can do this with sugar snap peas. I did this in my anatomy and physiology class. I taught at the Acupuncturne School. You give people sugar snap peas that are raw and you say, just start eating these, eating these. And some people like 30 or 40 of them and all sudden out of nowhere, they get a taste change. It goes from being sweet. You know, me just takes boo, and they'll even spit out, right? Some people eat three or four and then they'll be like, oh, what the hell? And like, is it a bad one? No, like, it's not brown. It's not the nasty one. It doesn't have some, it got on it or something. And then I just go try another one. And so there's something is changed in terms of their sensory system. Yeah. And their body and ideas, like, this is his idea, is that this was an evolutionarily evolved system for allowing us to navigate with our appetite, making sure that our nutrient needs are met. And you see people when they're become nutrient deficient systems. You see that with dogs, they'll end up having like pica, it's called where they'll start eating dirt and non-food items. Dirt has lots of minerals in it, electrolites, which the idea would be that those dogs, I hadn't seen this document in directly. This is just the notion, but those dogs are doing that because they want something. Or they eat poop, which gives them bacteria for their microbiome. So the idea is that your system, your appetite control system is somehow engaged in ensuring that you eat get the things that you need. Protein leveraging we've talked about here before too. That's the idea that some of your appetite, your overall appetite is based on ensuring that you get enough protein in your diet. So if you eat more protein, then your appetite goes down. And glucogon gets released with more protein that actually inhibits appetite sweet. We know some mechanisms, at least on a hormonal level related to that. So I just eat this food and I just brought a whole like a smorgous board, like a little mini buffet of the things that I wanted that I thought like I might like. And then I just eat whatever I want. And I always like the beef and I was still training at the time, so that I had an increased protein need. So I always like to be, and then I'll sit in my account, I'm with the beef. I'm going to have some carrots. I tried to do things that were seasonal and regional specific. You know, that's, you know, so and I just eat until like I didn't want to eat anymore. And I just would kind of graze throughout the day and of being I had to because I was in classes and I had clinic and I was trying to busy day. So I couldn't just like, you know, pop open the cooler and start eating during my lectures and that sort of thing. But anyway, so but I was getting grass fed beef that had like nothing on it. These the hoba beans were it had a certain flavor and he had Africanized cows that were really well adapted to. To the heat of in this case Africa, but now they're in. And Arizona, so they're not out there going, oh my god, this is they're just not they were they're really well climatized and genetically adapted to being in the heat. So they were a really good breed of cow to have. It was really humane and they lived to be like 10 years old on average 8 to 10 years. They've lived full lives. Wow. And get there it's it was so much the opposite what you typically see in the in the agricultural industry where they just they they if they're grass we can get back on track out they're grain fed. They gain weight more quickly they give a greater feed efficiency right right and you get more marbling that way potentially. Which is can be a good thing you're bad thing depending what you're looking for. And then they want to basically optimize how much food you have to give the animal relative to how much meat you get from it. Right so once the animal is sort of reached it's you know after a number of years less than I think less than 50% of its expected is life expectancy. It's not growing anymore so why keep feeding it this is the perspective from the agricultural is like so they just that's when you slaughter. So the animals are couple three years old something like that. I don't know exactly the number whereas he was keeping his animals for eight to ten years and he just had enough of them. So they could live a full life and they're out on the range doing what cows do. So what you feed the animals then will change the for instance grass versus grain fed the this saturated fatty acid content overall. Sorry the composition but not the content per se unless you find someone who you know has lower fatty acids or lower fat content and they'd have to do an analysis. But you tend to see more cholesterol neutral fatty acids in the grass fed animals and remember that grass is is the food that cows are sort of meant to eat. So the grass fed actually have more vitamin A and E so those are good. Glutify on an even super oxide dismutase so those are antioxidants are higher in the grass fed versus the grain fed. So you might get lower. So the thing is that the grass fed is not that much of the fat. So the grass fed is not that much of the fat fed. So the grass fed is not that much of the fat fed. So the grass fed versus the grain fed. So you might get lower. Fat content but not necessarily there are also a different flavor not everyone can tell this but there's a many people could tell and it's. You know, I think once you if you've been eating for so many years so many abrogate it so many food source they have so much shit so many chemicals in it. But it's probably lose some of their ability to distinguish the finer differences between a grain fed or grass fed. And you may not even like, you know, you may not even like the grass fed because you've grown up eating grain fed and then it maybe comes a just a comfort food right. Like this a hope the whole hobo beans that was the grows there in the desert so there was this. So the whole hobo beany flavor to the meat which I thought was great. So the last important thing here is that you can grass fed animals and sometimes when they're then taken them to slaughter or we're moving them in that direction. And then they will just grain feed them for a couple weeks. That can undo a lot of these changes you see in the fatty acid content. On the other hand you can grass finish. Yeah, right. And then that shifts things back. So it's relatively quick. It's not and the time frame I don't know exactly. I'm sure it varies. But you can so getting ideally would be grass fed grass finished. Worst case if you're if you're concerned about grass versus grain fed would be grain fed grain finish. But yeah, if like if they say grass fed and then they grain finished for three months you're like, okay. It's basically grain fed. It doesn't really make it much but different. But if you know so we have to grab we have to grain feed for like the last two days when the animals are you know being moved and they're waiting in line for slaughter so to speak. Then that's not going to that's not going to matter so much. So in this case the guy the hobo beef company he was doing all that personally. So they had grass like right up till the day they said goodbye. Yeah, we recently got some peed Montise beef. Oh yeah, it's really good man. Delicious. Oh super low in fat. Yeah, yeah, it really is. Yeah, yeah, it's the chicken. Yeah, the lean ground beef has very very little fat to it. The steak is absolutely delicious and tender. Unfortunately it's not something that I can afford to always do. You know what I mean? It's kind of a specialty item for us. I've heard certain things like with fruits pesticides bananas for instance are pretty well protected from the pesticide. You can definitely like buying an organic banana is not going to be as advantageous as a certain other fruits for your actually consuming the skin. Or berries for incerries. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, but anus you just treat the inside so it doesn't really matter. That's what the you know the peel does for you because yeah, that's that's a huge. You could do I mean, I'm sure they're entire podcast that are dedicated just to this topic and they go through and they talk about specific pesticides and how toxic they are and what the research suggests. Let me ask you this because I think with our audience. The big question then is Scott, do you think that it will make a difference in your body building? If you were to pay, say, strict attention to this. Let's say let's say you could take a guy who was eating all organic and was eating all grass fed. And it at when that was just running whatever was cheap at Walmart, you know, whatever whatever you could get for the best sale. Do you think you'd see a difference? Let me add one thing before I forget this is sort of important. But that's the question. You're just refraising that's the important that's the essence. So I'm not going past that one thing I wanted to add it is that you will see grass fed protein powder. Oh, yeah, like a way I slid or what have you. And the grass or grain feeding changes the fatty acid content. But then when you make a way isolate, you're removing the fat. So that that was becomes an ethical rather than a product quality concern the way I see it. So the proteins are going to be essentially the same, right? Yeah. And so once you get to the point of having a way protein powder that's devoid of fats, it's not a big deal. There are actually if you get undenatured way, way concentrate. So just there actually is an antioxidant effect to that, which has been really it's been well documented some older studies. But you don't really see that and people don't they're avoiding those fats, let's say. So yeah, that's that's the question. Is this going to make a difference? So I can think of several ways that it potentially could. So there are people, for instance, on one side of things that have multiple chemical sensitivities. Yeah, so they go into some businesses and like we had to have this in my clinic years ago. And if someone came in, there's sometimes both men and women, they wear lots of clothes and lots of perfume. And you're like, oh, that smells nice and it doesn't go away. Like the smell is like overwhelming. I believe it's still there. Right, but so it's strong. And so some people like literally will start to have allergic reactions. So they're that sensitive. So you could some someone if these two twins, if they both were so genetically predisposed to have chemical sensitivities to things that are in non organic foods that they're unaware of. And then have an impact, especially if they started taking in large amounts of one particular food like a lot of bodybuilders do because I really like this that and the other this particular berries like that's going to be my fruit source, right. Yeah, that might that might end up putting kind of like kink in the cog of the cogs of their progress. This is an aside and different, but there's been a couple bodybuilders. One of whom is one of our fellow podcasters who went started eating lots of sushi grade tuna. Oh, yeah, and Andrew, right. And they ended up with mercury issues. So a more moderate consumption would have been the big of a deal. But when you're doing what bodybuilders do who are busy, you're just trying to get the food in. You start having that same thing over and over again, then that toxin, especially through particularly sensitive to it, could be something that could have an impact on you. Yeah. The other thing I wonder to it, it depends on the person. And I haven't seen this study. This is just from like experience, for instance, with all the raw food. I was eating, I mean, that's one version of clean, right. I was about as clean as you can get, right. Not cooked, like just straight from nature. We were picking the, picking the fruits and vegetables. I put them in the fridge. I pull them out, wash them off and eat them. That was it. Just to get the dirt off. How's eating raw sweet potatoes? Right out of the ground, baby. And those good, it tasted good. My taste for things was substantially changed. So let's say someone's dieting down, right. And they do, and you know, there's like Aaron Singerman did this. He tried to use an if it fits your macros approach. This is a little kind of the famous one. People can see he may have gotten rid of these videos, but this is long time ago. You think before he even started his supplement company. A way before. Yeah. You remember this, right? And he did, I look good on steak. Everyone was watching him. Like he was, you know, kind of like Sam Sulek, everyone was like, Watch him like how's he going to do? Yeah. Aaron was doing men's physique. And he didn't look good, but he was just going to a diner in the morning. You know, and he was just eating whatever. He didn't really care about, you know, anything other than the calories and the maybe his protein, if it is macros, right. Yeah. So he was just like, you know, a dieting down, let's say, and you're eating foods that have that are that aren't organic, that are more processed, that may tend to cause you to want to eat more those things. Versus foods that are much more satisfying. You froze up on me. So if you can still hear me, I'm going to keep talking. This could potentially impact, actually, your micronutriate status to some degree. I mentioned before, and your, your still frozen. So I hope you're good. Okay. Good. I'm good. And your appetite. Yeah. And how, and how well you were able to sort of manage the diet. Because the foods will taste better. They may then be more satisfying. As long as they're not causing you to binge. But like you eat, and people, many people can tell the difference between organic fruits and vegetables and non-organic. The taste can be worlds apart in some cases. And that depends on, again, where you got it from, maybe how long it's been in transit. There's coatings that they're putting on some of this stuff now to keep it fresh for longer. Yeah. Or if you're sitting it, to brighten it. You're all these things. And when you want them to ripen, all this stuff, right? So this is organic kind of is a major step from protecting you from all this junk. And like I said, this article is a little bit old, so there may be some things like who knows. I don't want to be conspiratorial here, but there may be some things that still happen to organic, USDA organic fruits and vegetables that really shouldn't, if you've based on the nature of what organic is supposed to mean. Tanya was with us, and she said, we're mentioning organic produce uses pesticides too. And those pesticides aren't regulated like conventional. So, you know, yeah, you're certain. Certain ones that are allowed. Yeah, and you'd see, you have to look that up. I can't remember. Yes, there's been a while, but yeah, there are certain that they can. And those are ones that were deemed so. Yeah, you got it. So the kind of get, so that's one aspect of the question. You know, would it make a difference in terms of your appetite levels or whether you have chemical sensitivity? The other thing is, you know, ethically, in terms of like what let's say you're talking about beef now. You know, what do you, what do you think about the agriculture in the sea in terms of how they, how they're treating these animals in general, right? Or in terms of eggs, you know, are they free range? If they're not like they, I mean, you can see some horrific, there's a horrific information out there and what happens with chickens, where they just jam in together and they pump them full antibiotics and some large percentage of them die off because it's like one chicken per square foot or something like that. And yeah, and there's just, they just, they die and they trample on each other and they're running around on their own feces. It's just awful. Yeah. So just how, you know, your psychologically, how you feel about eating lots of eggs, let's say if eggs are a mainstabred diet, right, could be effects. So how, you know, how are you going to do with that? Like are you going to think, you know, gosh, like I've got this luxury that I'm, that I'm enjoying as a bodybuilder and meeting all these high protein foods and all beef and chicken of these things. And I can't with good conscious do this. This is why some people are, or vegetarians, they're animal lovers and they just like I just can't be involved with this at all, right? But if you feel like you know, I'm going to be able to bodybuild it very well as a vegetarian, right? And there are ways around that to the other topic, but, you know, at least this way I can know that, you know, in the sort of cycle of life, these animals are being treated relatively well. They're on the side of the spectrum where they're being taken care of. Yeah. So, but yeah, so lower in pesticides, a different pesticides is important. So you have to, like, and with each, with each type of produce, there's different rules and regulations. And I don't, I don't, honestly, I don't know exactly where it stands now. And I mean, especially, who knows what our new administration may be doing down the line as far as that goes to that could all change, because everything, there's so many things that are getting turned upside down. Yeah. Oh, if they may abolish the USRD USC organic program. So those aspects, you know, you're saying kind of the moral side of it, there's the, like, that allergens side or the sensitivities, the sensitivities potentially. Yeah. Possibly. Um, nutrients. Are you getting that many more nutrients? I wonder if that, and itself over the long haul is going to make a difference. Man, I can tell you that. I can tell you that. You know, you, but you see a somebody who's like, like, um, like, omnis people. And I've seen, I've seen people that are kind of removed from our society. And I'm just like, man, they look so healthy. These people just look healthier in some cases. I know that's a big generalized statement. But I've seen people that like, they haven't been exposed to everything, all the chemicals we've been exposed to over the years. And if we're, if we're super charging all the stuff as a bodybuilder, you're not just eating, you know, past decides and all that. You're like super eating pesticides. You know what I'm saying? So eating your food. Yeah. Your consumption might be twice that of a normal person. Right. Right. I'm not sure if you can see that. But I think that's a good example. You know, I've seen people who are watching you know, but it is, it would be such an expensive experiment to figure out, you know. So the thing like, omnis, this is a good example. Like, you, you see this with, I know, expert here, but with many health related behaviors that they, they will tend to coexist. So, everyone's smelly. You'll see someone who's like, wow, you're, it's, it's so contradictory. Like, you're a vegetarian and you only eat organic, but you're a smoker. It's like, yeah. What's, like, what are you doing, when does probably just cause they're addicted to it? Sometimes, you know, you don't see, you know, people who eat really well. Sometimes you see this, but it seems like you don't see people who eat really well in the extra, as well. And then they're just horrible alcoholics. If they have one really powerful vice, it seems like, um, Time to get the omnis. Amazing. Yeah. Yeah. I was, you know, seasonally and local too. So they were able to grow their own stuff. That's kind of what I was, what we're doing. I go to these farms that were local to Tucson. Yeah. And so you, I was eating what was available. So it wasn't anything that was being forced to grow. Right. So there's, yeah, there's, like, this is, you know, closer to what, you know, I mean, interestingly enough, I mean, agriculture's only been around for maybe 10,000 years as well. So we're, we're even agriculture is somewhat artificial. You would only eat the things that grow in your region naturally without being farmed. Yeah. It's, like, for individual, it can be done. Right. It can be done. You can grow all sorts of produce and those sorts of things. If that's what you do. If, like, basically, you know, you make enough money to run your own personal farm and eat that way. Yeah. That's just not a typical modern lifestyle. But that can be done, you know, in a very sort of traditional sense. But, but anyway, so, you know, the omnis, and you're looking at those examples, those aren't, Those aren't controlled examples, those are kind of natural experiments that we see. And they're doing, like, like, they're eating seasonally. They're also much more physically active. Yeah. They're moving around. So there's, there's a whole lifestyle. And that's just one piece of it. So whether you change, like, one thing went to organic. And here, and actually, this is, I'm glad you brought that up. Because this was probably the, one of the most important points for a lot of the listeners is that, if you're someone who's enhanced, right? So using gear, you've got potential contaminants. If you're on the black market, you've got Benzel Benzel, Benzel, Benzel, alcohol, F-O-O-O-O-L-E-A, whatever, solvents, things that Mike potentially have, toxins have the carrier oils that could have possible negative effects, inflammatory effects, your super physiological in terms of your gear use. So you're just not doing TRT and try to keep yourself balanced out. You've got a toxic load there of sorts, right? I think there's no doubt about that, right? It's, like, this is what kind of comes with it. You know, there's this is one part of enhanced body, but it's just part of the deal. So how much you can, could offset that by, by eating a super clean. I think if you take someone who's just eating just tons of process stuff versus someone who's just going to stay in the perimeter of the grocery store, you can only choose in the organic grass fed or be a better yet going to a farmer's market, and talking to the farmers themselves and finding out what they do as farmers, as far as they're farming practices. And for each of these food stuff, like eggs, you know, the luchene content and eggs, for instance, is different depending on what they've eaten, right? So, but if you did all those things at least, what I think tends to go along with that, and this relates kind of the notion you brought up with the omish, is that if someone has the mindset that, you know, I'm going to, I'm taking these risks, I'm going to do enhanced bodybuilding. I know there's some things that are maybe beyond my control. I'm trying to use farm grade stuff. I'm choosing the right curial oils blah blah blah. I know there's still some unavoidable risk that goes along because my hematicate goes up and my, you know, when I get an oils, my cholesterol profile goes to health. But I'm doing everything I possibly can and taking minimal risks, I'm being progressive with my doses and everything else. And I'm doing all this stuff on the other, in the organic, which is an extra cost. Yes, not cheap necessarily to do that, especially if you're eating a lot of stuff, you can cost a lot. I think comparing that, like I've got, I'm turning all the dials to keep myself as healthy as I possibly can be. And I'm choosing the, as wise as I can, in terms of safety of the things that aren't necessarily intrinsically safe inherently safe. Versus someone that just says, you know, I'm just going to eat whatever I want, I'm just going, I'm going out and I'm burgers and fries. I'm, so, so all you can eat, you know, diet, you know, fast food and junk. And I'm just, it's just boat loading all the PEDs, blah, blah, blah, blah, and not paying, not doing blood work, etc. There's going to be a difference. And, and the, and the, and the question is, I, I think if you have someone who's really smart and meticulous about it and they're taking care of their health. Being healthier. I have this sense, you're not going to see this study, but being healthier and feeling better. Like one of the things just empirically that when someone, when you're trying to bulk, and you're on a bunch of junk, what have you, and you don't feel good, you don't make good gains. Sure, right? So if you're doing this. So if you're doing this, you're doing this, and I know, it's like, no, I'll just, I'll just force it. And there is some forcing, like you go in the gym and you force yourself to get more reps. Get more weight. There is some. You have to, you're pushing. You're hacking the system and pushing it to its limits to exploit your biology, become the biggest, most monstrous version of yourself that your genetics will allow, right? So to have, you have to have that mindset to certain degree, but I think if you, if you can, the better you feel when you're bulky, as long as you're making progress, and even the better you feel when you're dieting down to the, that's an indicator that your system is, is going to do better at making those adaptations to the hypocloric or the hypercloric diet and the training, everything. So, you know, doing all those things and this and organic being and grass fed and all these things, you're diet in terms of the sources of food that you're taking in. I, in very circumstance, can make a difference and you will notice that potentially in how you feel. But it can take a while and the, the studies aren't this long, so like I said, like if, if 90 plus some large percentage of your molecules are new over the course of a year, right? And, and, and, and, you know, toxins will end up many of them are like philic, so it'll end up in your fat stores. I mean, people, this is, I haven't seen this study directly either, but this, there's this notion, you'll see it propagate over the places that, when people start, stop eating lots of process, stop and things that have pesticides, some of these like philic toxins that they will go through like this phase where they're feeling really shitty, especially if they're losing weight too. So now the storage volume where those philic toxins is, is located, and you see this, this happens with saunas too, so you can actually sweat out the, L, R, H, sauna method, you can go, you can go to Google scholar and find that. It's actually was associated with Scientology, L, Ron Hubbard. You do lose toxins when you exercise when you drop body fat, the depots available for stocks and storage. So if someone cleans up their diet and eliminates the incoming of toxins, but then, and this is the idea, I haven't seen this study directly, be hard thing to do, because you're not going to get many people who want to take these lifestyle changes, but then you start, you could lose those toxins that you're clearing them from your system. Yeah, and that takes time, that takes some time. So it might be, you know, a year until some of those toxins in their metabolites, depending on which ones, are kind of out of your system. So it could take a while, but you run, I mean, like I said, I did the, the raw thing for like two years. I felt phenomenal. I felt great. Yeah. I felt really good. Yeah, I was just eating. I wasn't trying to bodyble the time. I was in school. I was studying from my board exams. I was actually working at the school, and I was academic dean and training for the school, and full time in school, and still training and running my gym. I could have had a bunch of things going on once. I was overloaded, but I felt phenomenal. I had just bound this energy. I wasn't drinking a bunch of coffee in the morning or anything like that. I wasn't doing any no-PEDs, bodyble, and really none of that jazz. Okay. I felt great. So anyway, yeah, it's a personal choice, but it's a big, I think, and that last thing I'll say, and this is it, I think sometimes, I don't know if there would be anything noticeable or anything that you would notice or that actually would take place. If you just haphazardly shifted, and so I'm going to just pick this in this. It's not that it's bad, right? But I think for something to have a market effect that you on an individual basis would notice, you may, because you don't know which of those things may be problematic, which of those pesticides, which of those features of the beef, you know, maybe you're someone who just can't do well with an atherogenic diet. Like if your fatty acid composition of your meat, eating lots of red meat, is very important for what happens to your blood lipids. If that's just your genetic proclivity. So you go all in, so to speak, on the healthy route, that's when you're going to be most likely, I think, to see an effect. You just say, oh, you know, I got, I look like here's the organic apples with a non-agentic apples, and it's only five cents more per pound. I'll take the organic, and you do that. And that's the only thing you do. You can't get another setting thing. Right. Yeah. That makes total sense, man. That's incredible, though. It, of course, leads us to Scott to give us an hour in depth look. It's good. I don't even know this area very well at all, but that's my, those are some thoughts. It's good. It definitely, I think, it, it maybe answers the question for a lot of us, and, you know, I, I don't know. I, I'd love to be able to push further into that myself, but just the cost, man. It's, uh, it's a lot. Do you think, I don't even know if we have time for anything else today? Oh, shit. Okay. Sorry. No, that's all right, man. I, I, I think we, uh, we went deep into this one, and we have a bunch of stuff for future episodes, too. So we still have questions, and, uh, not only that, uh, guys, you can leave us questions, because if you leave us something really good that catches Scott's attention, then there's no question. I'm sure that he's going to say, I want to do this one next week. So I think that that's a good move. I'd love to talk more with training with you, and, and like I mentioned, um, in text earlier, I'm here in more people talk about MK now. So, uh, six, seven, seven, seven. Yeah, that's coming back, right? It seems like it is, man. Angelum swings back really is, right? So I, I would love to, maybe even take just 15 minutes, one day to revisit that topic, and look at the research you had shown us previously, because it definitely changed my perspective on it, uh, after we talked about that. And just hear your, your perspective based off of, you know, what we're looking at. That'd be cool. I'd have to go and, yeah, maybe there's some new stuff that's come out since that, um, I don't know, maybe, oh, yeah. If you can find it, it probably could finally easily link to that old podcast for folks to, not that I want to, you know, eliminate that topic again, but I don't know how much more new I'd have to say. I don't even know where it is. I'll have to dig. I think it was on the old channel, and it was, oh, it was a piece within the old content. I don't even know if we could find it. I'm sure it was on audio only, you know, that kind of stuff. So it'd be cool to revisit though. Like I said, if anything, if you'd be up for it. I wanted to ask you too, since we, we don't, we have a couple minutes here. I just want to ask you how your training is going and how the hips are doing. Oh, hips are, you know, it's funny. I've got a, um, someone I just, um, met who is, is gotten a hip replacement. And it gave me some contrast. Very, very, how, about as healthy as you can possibly get massive amounts of pain. Just got one hip replaced. Um, and the hip replacement per se was, was like, I don't even, like, it was nothing. It was literally because I was so well trained beforehand. My issue, and this is just to me, is that I got a hematoma on the right side of the left side, but out the right side did not. Okay. Um, I think I, I probably mentioned this. So after I got done, I was on the, on the floor waiting to be checked out, and they didn't check me out. They had a change of shifts, and I was walking around the nurse's station. So they said I could, and I walked around for like an hour, like, right after, like two hours after I got out of surgery. And they did this. I'm like, Hey, you guys going to check this again. Yeah, we'll be with you. She's like, Okay. So I was talking to people and my, this is awesome. I don't have a limp anymore. This is great. Got home, blood out. It was, I had to go back to the ER. They shouldn't let me do that. Like, there's like, no, no, you shouldn't be walking. Like, you can walk on for a few minutes, but not an hour. Yeah, we talked about that after it had happened. Yeah, is that causing, is she now, I have, I have, I have pain. And I have a massive amount of scar tissue. I have pain at the location. It goes down my sartorius. And then he went in like seven weeks later to, the hematoma. There was not, but he wanted to get an sample to see if it was infected. I'm a while they're checking this seven weeks later, but maybe he knows it wasn't, but he, he nailed the, um, lateral femoral cutini's nerve. So he, he didn't go directly in. He went, went sort of at a diagonal and I felt it zipped down my leg. So I have, there's nerve damage there. Okay. So it just, I mean, I just trained through it. The training isn't like, I just trained through it, but it hurts. I know what causes to hurt and hurts. I like, lying in bed and like, right, not just lifting the leg up. It's just, you've been bodybuilding, you know, for decades, too. Like, there's always some that eight, so I don't even, like, I think the average person would be highly annoyed by it. And I just don't even, it just, I blow it, I kind of just blow it off. But every once I'm like, this is silly because the right side was asymptomatic. I had no problems. And they were coming. The symptoms were coming. The hip was a wreck. It was actually worse than the left one. Yeah. The left side is what hurt. And now I ironically enough, the right side gives me problems. It's relatively minor, but I just trained through it. Training is going good, man. I'm just training here in my barn. I'm doing the 42 training family man plan. Okay. Is that three times? Three times a week. Yeah. Yeah. I just take care of the dogs. And it's a full body three times a week, basically. So, so yeah, it's lots of fun. And you know, every once in a while, I think, like, yesterday I did, I did glute bridges, which I don't like, I throw them in every once in a while because it was the muscle around day. I did glute bridges with like, I was like, almost 500 pounds, I guess, is what it would have been. And sometimes I think, man, what happens if you break your, break your femur, you know, it just amazes me that these prostheses, like they're so solid. And people can check out Roman Fritz, like Roman, Roman's now, he said both his hips done. He had just two surges on each side because he had problems each time. He had to get his other one down the second time. Yeah. Yeah. And he's, you know, he went right in the squatting and it just sort of amazing how much these can have. Because there's like, sometimes I think like, man, I got to remember, there's a piece of metal stuck into the bone of my, the shaft of my femur. And it's, you know, it's held in there. This is modern medical science. This is badass. I can squat all I want. I can do 600 pound leg presses and 400 pound glute bridges. And it's good to go. And I could probably, I couldn't lift it, but I could probably do it with 2,000 pounds and it would still be okay. Yeah. Because that's, that's just, I'm super grateful for that, man. I mean, I have this, like it was kind of medical negligence that this all happened with the thing and they don't care, right? It's a matter of them. There's, it's been like medical shenanigans. I have a whole medical shenanigan story, but, but I, I'm just feel so lucky that I, you know, I can still do this stuff. Like, because I, if, if I hadn't gotten that done, if that weren't available, What is Tony writing? Yeah. She says it's funny how we, we're always like how do normal people think feeling like crap normally is. Is normal. Oh, okay. We can fix them. Yeah. I mean, but that's one of the things, one of the gifts of bodybuilding kind of leave it with this, you know, is that, Especially when you're dieting down, even like there's so many struggles, there's so many challenges that it reset your perspective, because we don't get this in a normal modern Western world. Like life is pretty freaking easy. You know, we drive our cars places. We don't have to do manual labor. We don't have to hunt our food. We don't have to grow our food. We just go to the grocery store. We, we collect it up in baskets. We don't even put our baskets back in the rack. You know, that's how freaking lazy. Like we are as I'm generalized. I'm stereotyping, but I'm, I always bring the baskets back. I'm like, oh my god. Like, where's it at? So, you know what though? I'm going to tell you, I've got a beef with people, because there's people out there who are like, I'm going to judge you. If you don't put your basket back, that says everything about you. So, what people don't know is that the big boy, the guy who's getting the baskets, he has some different alternatives that he has to do at work. There's a few different things. One of the jobs is he has to clean up the poop out of aisle seven that some elderly person left. He's got a clean up the toilet. He's got a clean up the toilet that somebody plugged up. And then after that, he's, you know, got to do several other tasks that nobody else in the job. Well, and then from there, the manager tells him, hey, I want you to go outside and collect all those carts. And he gets to go outside and screw off for the next 30 minutes. So, the further you put your basket away, the longer he gets to not have to do those other things. So, that's my, that's my, my clap. That's how you rationalize this. Like, no, because I've worked in the grocery industry for years, and I know exactly that's when they're smoking weed and their vapes and their cigarettes and all that. And they're, they're not dealing with their boss for 20 minutes. Right. Unless it's freezing cold or nobody wants to be a or any. Yeah. Those times you better put your basket away, but if it's a nice warm sunny day, do your, do your bat, your grocery store clerk, a favor and leave your cart as far away as you can, because he's going to take his time. I take his sweet time getting it. Yeah. And while you're at it, like leave it right in the middle of a parking place. So someone wants to park there. No, don't do it. Yeah, to move it out. Or leave it behind another car or just floating around. Smack it in somebody else's car. It's crazy. They're all over the by see people do it. You know, I just walk over it. So, hey, let me get that for you know, but it's, like it's, it's like putting a little divider on the conveyor belt when you're there checking out. I forget to do it every once in all of the people don't do that. There's all these things that just become our norm. Yeah. But you know what I do do. Like they folks ask me it's like, hey, do you need help, you know, help out with your groceries? I'll, I'll just say, I said, you want to break. Yeah. And they're like, I was like, what do you want to do? Yeah. I could use some help. Come on out. And I'll just walk out and say, I think you need a little bit of break, you know. I look to see you. Like there's no like, you know, other person behind me. There's no one there. They're making something. Yeah. The manager, like a huge line where people need that me sped up. But if it's just like empty. Like, hey, you want to break them, cause it's a nice day. Like, come on out here. And I'll just want to give you a chance to get outside. I actually don't need your help. So I do offer them that, but you're, but you're right. Like that. Yeah. So, well, maybe what I'll do it from now on Scott is I will gather together the carts and put them all together and push them to the end of the parking lot. Right. Yeah. So what's up? I out there doing. Yeah. So, so they don't have the extra work to do. So that's nice. I'm doing the, but they still get to get outside. They have the long walk. So it's a kind of like, you know, split in the difference between your strategy. Right. I get to see poop in the, in aisle seven at the grocery store though. I haven't. You're just seeing that. Yeah. You're lucky. Yeah. Ron told me, Ron part little told me that he worked at a department store that was connected to a mall. And then there would be a point in time where they'd say, okay, guys, like I went, everybody, I went you three. There's like three guys who did the bagging and stuff. I want you three to go collect carts and they would literally three teenage boys for work would have to go walk through the mall for a half hour. So you can imagine the antics they got into. You know, they look at for girls and everything else. Sure. They're going for an hour 45 minutes going. You got a big mall. You got to be one every store just in case there ended up one like, you know, back in the changing room. You know, a Victoria secret. They had to go back in there and check. Never know. Never know. Oh, geez. That's funny. I'm glad you're doing pretty good with it. Scott, we're up this thing up. I've got other stuff to do. And guys, definitely check out Scott's book, BYOBBCoach.com. I'll put a link in the description to get the hard cover autographed by Scott and to donate some money to the ASP. We're also brought to you by Trinitrition.com. Use our code, think over there and supplement source.ca. For Canadians, thank you guys for pay-tran. This was an entire Patreon episode. Thanks to you and thanks to Payton. So thank you very much. Yeah, good question. And for another episode, guys, muscle minds. We'll see you soon. Peace. Peace.