I got a jump in guys because we have to get to our listener questions. I know you guys can ask Dave questions all day long. We didn't even get to his diet. Dave real quick, what was your diet again at your biggest? It was how many ounces of meat in how much rice? One kilo dry weight rice a day, three kilos of meat a day, one kilo a broccoli a day, and about 500 grams of oats. So I think the food had something to do with it too. It's just back to back. You know you're eating when you measure your food and kilos. Hey everybody, welcome to It's Just Body Building. Hey Ron Parlo here, Dusty Han Shah in that corner. The producer Scott McNally in that corner. And today we've got Dave Crosslands, Scott's co-host over on drugs and stuff. How's it going Dave? It's going well. Yeah. It's great to have you on the show man. I'm looking forward to asking some questions and chatting about some non-body building stuff which I'm sure you're quite excited about. I got to remind everybody to like, share, subscribe, comment, and ring the bell. I felt like we're going to work today. And remember, I am mutant.com, mutant real supporters of the show, born hard core. Go to imuton.com, get your ISO surge, get your all in, and everybody should get on the gear, Dusty 20, Big Ron 20 save yourself some money, get yourself some good stops, no BS and around. So Dave, what's new man? Not much to be fair, I'm different than you. Great to finally meet you in England. I got to meet you at the booth in the UK which was good. You know, you're a real, you know, a lot of Scott's friends aren't actually real. They're just like other accounts. They're profiles that I set up, you know? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, I booked the trend where the camera puts 10 pound on you. I looked 10 pound heavy in real life. You are a big man. You're a big dude. What do you actually weigh? How tall are you on? What do you actually weigh? I'm a fat man. Let's get this right. I'm a very fat man. But that's all awesome. Dance bones, big bone. Yeah, big bone, James, climb jilla. It's hard ski. You guys are a Dave was jacked. Dave was like a massive dude. One of the things I'm going to make sure we talk about today with him is bouncing. Because I know you and Dusty, all of you guys have had bouncing experience. And I know Dave's got some stories. I'm going to show you guys a picture of what Dave looked like not too long ago. This is David. This is David as best when he had his arms all oiled up. That's a great job with the oil though. I'll be honest. Hey, look friend. Yeah, that's a big, really smooth. I'm going to. Who is gay crack arms measure there? Did you put a tape on them? 20, so my biggest biggest was 26 and a half. Oh, with a 74 inch chest. That's how tall are you? Six foot warm. So you're just just like my height. God damn. So I mean, I know you said you oiled your arms. You experimented with all sorts of stuff. No, I was joking. People, people, people, yeah, people always give him crap. And they they'll comment. They'll be like, you guys, I felt a sharp that guy's arms or you guys, you know, that guy just is all oil. And so I was so impressed with your use of the oil. Now I'm actually a little disappointed. It's not so. I didn't know that. You guys can't pass it. I was very impressed. I was like, you know, that's well done. I know you. Yeah, I was like, no, they're not even red. You know, I was always like, they would have bruised like crazy. I mean, I was very impressed. Right? Yeah. Now I'm disappointed. I'm really, really impressed. I was really impressed. I was really impressed for me. Yeah, I've always cited. But I'd never used to throw in the arms. I never hated to do that. I was like, obviously. You know, I was going to do the same thing, Dave, because my, my biceps were terrible. So I was like, well, I'll just sit hit him. And it was the one, like, one of the muscles of my body that was like, don't you dare. It was sure for days. I can knock the hell out of the whole body. Cuffs and biceps don't touch them. They were not friendly. The calf was really bad. The bicep I was like, I did it for a minute, because I was like, it's fine. I'll put up with a pain. And then I started thinking, I'm going to tear a bicep deadlifting. Yeah, I better stop. So I stopped. Cubs are definitely a good one. Cubs are definitely an experience. I quite like doing calves, but they are definitely an experience. I was obsessed with getting big calves. What most people are obsessed with big arms or me, was calves, always wanted monstrous calves. I wanted big calves in my house too, so I got married to a girl that had to be. Yeah, yeah. He just waited on himself for a life to get a nice, nice, nice calves. Jumps, epoxy. What did you think of the Arnold UK? Yeah, what? I thought it was a good show. We don't get the sort of American influence like normalists. So to actually like, you guys being there, missile MP are being there. There was a lot of big names that we would never normally see. And even in the previous journals that were franchises, we just didn't see the American rounds. So it worked really well when the impact is enough to the back of the American Arnold, because they sort of got a lot of brands to come with it. It was Stan Weiss, yeah, could have been better. There were definitely some obvious very big spaces where they just haven't sold space. But as a show, I thought it delivered, definitely from an athlete point of view, definitely from the people being there. I mean, Viss was there. Obviously, Jamie was with you guys, but Diamond was there as well. And obviously Gladiators is quite a big thing over here now. But yeah, there were a lot of big names. There were a lot of who's who were the various industries. And actually, I thought it was good to me, went very, very well. Could have done one a bit more trade from that point of view, but there you can't be all. So what about the podcast viewers, you get people coming up to you asking about DNS and all that? Again, and you're pretty easy to recognize. I, I find it really weird. I say this is God. I don't know if he believes me or not. I don't understand why two people tune in to watch that shit. We can't wait. I genuinely don't get it. He's like, what? Oh, what? Oh, buddy, you're alive. That you actually was saying, that's not true. For an hour and a half every week, Jesus, go get our hobby as something. I mean, this is just terrible. So he continually amazes me that people do genuinely want to, and generally enjoy it. I think you've done a lot of the crazy stuff that they all wish they could have tried. You know what I mean? They've definitely has contributed with some self experimentation to a level that most people are like, damn, that would be fun. But they just can't quite commit. They don't need to. Yes, he did. Yeah. Yeah, please don't guys. Don't. Lessons learned as the point of this show. Let's just slow it down a notch. Throw that one picture back up. Scott, one of them in the chair. I don't think you put that on when we were on area yet. All right. There we go. That one. What do you weigh there? A 385-ish. At six foot one, God damn. Yeah, I topped out at four 15. At four. I still look like I lifted weight at four 15. I look like you should have been rolled back into the ocean. Throw back at the water on you to keep your life. Well, I think there was more water in me than there would have been in the bucket to be fair at that point. But then that was at that point. Mike and he's with failing and everything was going south for you rapidly. So Dave, when you were pushing and this kind of a known thing, drugs bore me, how was the training? Like did you have a lower back tightness on everything you did? Did you feel good? I mean, like the training itself, wherever you're there, because I figured between the food and everything, you know, when was the point where you started saccharifies seeing the ability to train hard because of the, I don't know, to calm the effects of being that big. I would have said probably three, seven, five, three, eight, five, some were in that bed, was where the crossover. And I noticed as we started to see it. So at four 15, I was weaker than I was at three, 65. Right. I was a lot bigger. But there were a couple of exercises that I could move more on. But in general, I wasn't as strong now. So three, 65, I could train fast and I could train hard. I would come out of six, seven, plate squats, 90 seconds, and I was back on to run going again. You know, that was the sort of pace I always kept. So it was very on-off. It was still heavy load, and it was just band-band-band. When I started to go over the three, seven, five mark, I started to lose that. And those 90 second gaps were becoming a minute, and we're becoming like a couple of minutes, three minutes, four minutes. Right. I was blowing like an old car or a split between sets. Surprisingly, to most people, at three, 65, I could still move pretty good. And I could train hard, and I could train quick. But yet, the train did definitely start going downhill. I also mentally sort of lost direction around then as well. I've always had this, I don't know, there's a weird approach, but probably slightly different approach than a lot of people do when it'd been around drugs for a long time. The drugs were always at all. They were also something I did to achieve a goal. They were never the goal. They were never the main factor. The main factor of me was always being training. Right. I only took drugs because I wanted to train harder. That was my motivation around site, Sarah, was because I wanted to train harder. I knew the drugs were allowed me to do that. It was never to get big. That was a by-product of training harder. But around the three, 75,000 was where my set slipped. And I started to be very driven. And then it was all about what drugs could attack. How could it get bigger with more drugs? And I lost sight of what was my core lovin' and the core beyond it, always for me, has always been training. I all threw my training of fantasize about how can I train harder, how can I make this more intense, how can I make this exercise more difficult? That's always being what I wanted to do in the gym. And that's always being my primary driver. I would train whether I had drugs, I would train whether I had good food, he didn't matter as long as I could train. And that shifted. So when that shift took place, did you was part of an experimenting also? Like actually seeing not just for yourself, but in general, just because it's, I find it interesting because like you said, your foundation was training for some to shift that much that you lost track, like you just said a minute ago. I mean, you're training dips down 50 pounds below your peak weight. Yeah, I mean, I, I, so I peaked at 415, but I suppose, really my peak weight of any consequence was 400. Right. The 415 was £15, just water. I'd probably know what it was. And it was a gradual thing. I've always felt I've had a pretty good grasp on me. I'm being quite real about who I am and what I am capable of and what I gave a lot of the young quite open about where my mistakes are and where my problems are in my own behaviors. And the, the, I just caught myself having conversations in my head. I used to sit and devise workout plans continuously. And how could I intensify that and where did I take the 4th of the gas on that? And could I, could I go a little bit more out of that with a little next-wise, and spend a lot of time mentally focusing and mentally training myself to hold form under the most extreme of effort. And that took a lot of years and a lot of this been to get to that point where I could be giving everything I had but still hold for. And that started slid and I just found myself thinking more and more about drugs. And I caught myself. And I remember it to this day. It was three o'clock in the morning. I was sat on the toilet doing a GH injection at three in the morning because I was pulsing it. Perfect timing. Yeah. And I, that there and I just went what the, come I do it. Right. At that point there and then was, this is it. This is done. I'm here for the wrong reasons. Right. Just too much going on. And that was the end of it. And then quite literally we later, I was admitted we could in the failure and shortly after that I started getting heart problems. But I mean I went into it very open. You know, I was very open with what I was risked. I was putting myself out and everything else. And there was quite happy to have said it. I mean even now, I mean I'm trashed but I don't have any woe is me or I regretting this or regret. I don't regret a second of it. Right. So, you know, like Dusty said that the training. So, you know, people will say, oh, it take, you know, you get guys that are 210 pounds telling everyone else how to get massive. Right. Or guys that are, you know, 190 telling everyone how to truly train for head-perchrophy. But I look at you at six foot one and, you know, getting up over 400 pounds. Okay. Let's even say your body fat was too high and you had a ton of water on you. So, what? You're still 360. So, so, you know, just looking at the raw numbers of how huge you were. What did you learn about what put the size on the most in the gym? Like, what were you, you know, because a lot of guys top out at 300. I mean, I got to 330 and it was everything I was doing. I'm I could have taken way more drugs than I did. But, you know, I had my own speed limits. But as far as food and training, like, I don't know what else I could have done to get bigger. What, what did you get? You know, you, 340, 350, 360, 370, 380. I mean, like, what was going on in the gym? I, I'm very, it's probably, I don't know this right word, spiritual about my training. I'm a big form, junkie. Well, I actually know I'm a big engagement junkie. Forms probably the wrong word. So, for me, it was all about being as effective as I could in engaging the target muscle and the movement I was doing. And that was a continual challenge. So, I, and that evolved. So, originally it was just, you know, getting the muscle and feeling it. Then it was about building up the pain tolerance to ensure the level of pain you were going to generate when you were engaging that well. And then there was always this appetite for pushing the limit. And a lot of people, I don't think they actually understand what fail you're is, because most people don't fail, they stop and fail mentally, because they don't think they can get another rep. Where I would go down whatever exercise it was, you know, that next rep, the negative will be completed and when it came to the positive, I would start. And if it didn't move, I just stayed in position and kept pushing. So, it was things like that and I worked a lot on mentally focusing on what I was doing completely and totally. So, the only thing in my head was the muscle I was working and how it moved and how it was attached and what it was actually doing and how it was contracted in that movement. I got to the point, I didn't count, so that it didn't count reps. I can't attract a weight just for progression, but it was a very connected thing when I was training. And I didn't judge my set on my rep on the number I did or the way I did, I judged it on how it felt and how that engagement felt and how deep I could feel that recruiting tissue. And I got to the point where I was literally, I wasn't consciously trying to pull in a movement. I was trying to almost just contract. And then that sounds a bit wrong, but it was like rather than trying to pull the dumbbell up in a bicep curl, I was trying to just flex the bicep with no real consciousness about the being a load in my hand. Right. So, I'd flex the bicep at the bicep with moving then into and that would move the load. Right. You mentioned like six seven plate squats. Was that, were you training like, you know, if you step back and look at all the loads you were using, were they all huge like that or were you doing some stuff with 30 pound dumbbells as well? I didn't find that huge. Right. Most people. It's great. Yeah, but it's relative isn't it? So, to me, you know, I'm three and a sixty five pounds that I'm stepping out with three and a kilo on my back. But a guy at two four, he's stepping out with 250 kilo or two four, he was more impressive to me. Right. Because he's actually, you know, he's squatting much more in relation to his body weight. So, though the total weight seemed big looking in relative, I didn't think they would that big. There was a few things. I never allowed myself to have any limits and I never, I always surrounded myself with people who were way way stronger than me. So, when I squatting my only days, I squatting with power lifters. They would do two reps, I would do eight. But my head space was they were using the same weight as me or I was using the same with it. The reps didn't come into it. It was just about the load and I forced myself to, to almost not allow myself to limit what I was doing. So, like, I do a picnic and I do the stack, like a straight arm picnic. I do the stack with two people still on it. Because I didn't visualize it that I'd say, that you can't go heavy. Why can't I go heavy? All it is is the movement that my muscles do them. The type of exercise makes a freaking difference to what I'm doing. It's how the muscle moves it's important. And I apply as much loads of that movement as I can maintaining control and fall. So, yeah, I suppose the word big numbers, but they didn't see me at the time. They just, they were just what I did. My reps were always slow, they were always controlled. I mean, I, you'd never see a bar bounce, you'd never see any speed and anything I did. I didn't explode reps, it was all just, you know, almost piston like almost hydraulic light. And that's how my brain was working with it as well. It was muscle engaged, muscle pull, muscle relief. It was that sort of robotic approach to what I was doing in a sense of the smoothness of the movement. I mean, any way, any repackers stop at any point and then restart and go to the opposite way or whatever you want to do with it. That was the sort of level control I forced to have. I think as as I tried to continue progression, I constantly rather than looking to move more load, I looked to get more out of the load I was doing. Right. But I would start scoring with an empty bar and then I do play, then I do two plays, then I do three plays and it wouldn't be like, I got to the four plays, so I could get the bar and move back properly. Right. Yeah. Yeah. You've done your hands on the bar at that point. You've got to get that weight to settle it in. But so did I do light work? Yeah. I still did a lot of time and attention stuff. But I just got stupidly strong in weird movements. I mean, I'd sit on a bench with 85 pound dumbbell in my hand and do a seated lateral raise in perfect form. Right. And sit on a preacher bench and do a single arm dumbbell, curl with 95 pound dumbbells, super stretch fully straight all the way up. But you give me a barbell and that's struggle to curl more than 20 kilos outside. Because you're really good at the movements that you were using because you liked those movements. Yeah. But it was all about, it was never about load for load sake. It was all about the stimulus. My driving factory and everything was about the stimulus. You know, it wasn't about how I could move more weight. It was about how I could make that hurt more. How I could stimulate the muscle harder. How I could make that more difficult to do. And a lot of that came from focus. I was mentally exhausted after workouts. I was like, look, physically. Do you think that that's a thing that has gotten lost a little bit? Because of the amount of information overload we have. It's something we talk about on the show all the time. But you know, I'll have people reach out and say, oh, I saw your skull crushers. When I do those every time I do them they hurt my elbows. And my reaction is always, well, higher you doing something that hurt your elbows. It's not a magical movement. I feel like that's something that we can't push out enough. And I'm glad you said it, which was you were doing the movements that worked for you to get your desired result. And I feel like that gets lost because I don't really care. I mean, I try to think of someone off top of my head. Max Charles, he used to always put up videos and the range of motion was super short. I mean, the depth was short. The contraction was short. And people would say, that's terrible. And I was like, look at him. It's not terrible. So what do you think that's gotten lost a bit? And how do you think guys should focus on paying attention even when you're writing their routine? It's like, a guy should be able to say to you, hey, Dave, the squats. I don't get any contraction out of him. Well, then what do you think the contraction out of? I would work on exercises. I didn't get on with just for the sheer. Yeah, literally mindedness of it. I think two things have happened. More than two things have happened. One is people don't know how to train, but they think they do. It's overly regulated. So I might have said someone here and I don't really give a shit. But it's like, what the fuck is a D load week? And why is it scheduled? Right. So from my point of view, if I'm starting to have a lack of progress in the gym, or I'm starting to see niggles creeping us something else, I would review what I do, but I wouldn't plan a D load week every eight weeks. Right. I would back off and maybe go higher, rep and light away for a couple of sessions or maybe a week. If I felt I needed it. And nobody seems to have the intellect to be able to to interpret that anymore. So it's all going to be planned. It's all going to be structured. Let me slide. Spread cheat. Why are you thinking? Yeah. I love that, sir. I got to jump in guys because we have to get to our listener questions. I know you guys can ask Dave questions all day long. We didn't even get to his diet. Dave real quick. What was your diet again at your biggest? It was how many ounces of meat in how much rice? One kilo dry weight rice a day, three kilos of meat a day, one kilo abruptly a day, and about 500 grams of oats. And you split it all up like what was like one meal, because I know you're eating like every hour on the hour. Friend and friend and grams of meat, 100 grams of rice, ten meals a day. So damn. I think the food had something to do with it too. It's just back to back. You know you're eating when you measure your food and kilos. Yeah. That's what he calls one. Yeah. How much money do you have? A thousand pounds? Yeah. You know when you're wingering your money. You're running your money. You're cutting your money by weight. Yeah. You're rolling that point. Yeah. It's with the food. A lot of people said to me, it's easy for you. You've got to be a gapetite. Meal six onwards was forced. I mean, I was literally spoonful for a spoonful. Rectching, nearly throwing up dry, Rectching. They were forceding. Every day that food was forceding. It wasn't a case of, oh yeah, this is good. No, it was hard going. Unless you've ever lived that, you don't know comprehension of what that feels like. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Before we get to the listener questions, I just want to confirm that. Even though I didn't get to 450 and I get to 330, I talk to younger bodybuilders about this all the time. I have young kids send me their diets. And they're on like these. What I consider low calorie diets that they're trying to make gains on like, oh, my carbs are 175 a day and my proteins 160. And I'm like, I just, that's not what we were doing when we were 300 plus. Not all, you know, and just they think it's all just a calculator. I mean, it's not how it works. Great. Great. Scott, fire away. All right. So we got a bunch of them. Dusty put out a thread plus we had like the last two shows. We had just a bunch of questions. So I'm just going to pull from the top here. Oh, we had some from Patreon to, um, all right, related to training. So it would be a good segue here. Question for the next podcast. Do you guys think it's possible to go to the dark place needed to push a set to real failure without tapping into trauma from the past? I have no issues with tapping into it. But I find that affects me for a few hours after I leave the gym before I snap out of it. Wanted to get your guys' thoughts. I think the dark place stuff is is overplayed and, um, like, I, when I think of like the hardest sets I ever did, like the heaviest sets of squats and stuff. And I use the term dark place. I'm thinking of like knocking guys helmets off on the football field. And that sort of thing. I'm not thinking of like, you know, getting abused by a bully or wanting to take revenge on some guy who, like, hurt my feelings. Like, it's never went like that. I was sucked out with weird when people went that direction. I was like, huh, that, I don't think about that stuff at all. It's like positive dark. If you know what I mean, like, I think if I was John Wick, how would I handle things? You know, like, lighter weight than you're using, I'm pretty sure. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I mean, I just think this whole, like, go to your trauma thing. I'm like, that's not what I ever meant when I use the phrase dark place. Yeah, I couldn't agree more because I think that I do, I understand how it got misconstrued a little bit. Because I still, I'll still say that during a, I say go dark, I'm really just talking about like, in, in my brain go dark as shut the world off. You're here, you're in this moment because when I'm in the gym, especially at this point in life, like, I feel very fortunate. I'm not there like, bringing home, I mean, should I had a great child that I got nothing to bring. I mean, like, you know, so for me, when I'm thinking that, it's just like shut the world off because when, you know, I've always said that when you walk into the gym, that's that, to me, that's the safe place where you leave your business and your, your relationship troubles and all these things in the parking lot. You've got your two-hour solst from that and you say focus. To be that's really what it means and, and be fortunate to do that. So, yet, I've never had to feel emotionally exhausted afterwards. I think the darkest thing that I would ever even think about that would even cross your mind is it's something in a positive way, more like, I do think there's a power to having people to doubt you, whether it's in business or whatever, just as a little nudge to yourself when you're getting a little lazy, just like, I'll be waiting for that. There is that guy that said I couldn't do this, so I should probably do this. I feel like I, you know what, I did do this for a while, though, guys. Like I tapped into, it was like, I got clean and I got back into lifting. And then I started, I'd go to the gym and I just like let out all of these like tense emotions that I had because I was still like sorting through a lot of stuff in my head. And, and I found that after a while that I would like try to like work myself up into it. You know what I mean? Like I tried to like take myself back there and after a while, it was like, when my life got good, you know what I mean? And after my life started getting good, it was like, it was harder to do that. And now for me, I like your definition dusty because you said like dark place, it means like, like let's go dark. You don't I mean like shutting up like when this heat goes my phone. Yeah, when the Navy seals pull down the night vision. Yeah. We're going dark, you know. There's show that on for no. Yeah. What would Scott call on now? Like last night's apple was a little bit soft. Yeah. You guys, we're totally crazy. They increase the price of the granny Smith. I mean, I don't know. I'm grateful to have good workouts now. And I go to a light place, you know what I mean? Right. But I think remember James Hollings had long. He took that. And he took that. I can't go to that dark place anymore. He's like, because it just sticks with me. He was like, and that was years ago. He's made a whole heck of a lot of progress since then, without having to do that. And I'll add this. I think that if you force yourself to keep relieving past traumas, that's not gonna be healthy for you. Like you were literally, like literally, if you relive a past trauma, you're feeling that again. I wouldn't intentionally go out of my way to force yourself to do that day after day after day. That's not gonna be good for you, you know? Right. But I think a lot of it is how you how that motivates you as well, so there's like you said there's the, there's the dauer thing where someone's been negative towards you. Just like, I'll show you, yep, for Karav. You know, I remember being having the piss taken out because I couldn't show the press more than one player side behind the neck. Mm. That's an F-Mum. Keep going. That's a huge one. Keep rolling. Keep rolling. The long term result of that was five plays behind the neck. Right. Yeah. That was driven by the was driven in a positive way, rather than I definitely, I did use things that lie through at me or my Instagram, my training part that used a lot of my insecurities in the early day. But all that did for me was making me not insecure about those things anymore. Yeah. So it was actually quite therapeutic. As it went on, I got more into, got this house so corny when you say it out loud. I never thought I'd be saying this today. But I got into a more fancy sort of role thing where the sets was me sort of fighting me, but it all became about me trying to beat me and you're this, you know, summoning a dark, power sort of thing to get through. But it wasn't in any way dealing with, you know, but shit, it was all a sort of made up thing. But almost playing a role, but fully commited to that. And I was this warrior machine and the gym that was going to give everything I could at this sort of scenario. Yeah. Yeah. I saw a psychologist. I can't remember if it was on Lex Friedman or on Rogan or one of the podcasts that I check out. But she was talking about the epidemic of anxiety and depression with young people. Yeah. And she was saying that one of the major massive drivers with all this anxiety everyone has is that they keep talking about it, over and over with, and it's part of their identity now. They're like, oh, I have anxiety. It's like, quit talking about it. It's move on. Like, that's part of the problem. They're in a Facebook group for anxiety. And they're in a group with their friends for anxiety. And they're constantly talking to their therapist of an anxiety. And they're seeing the therapist of a anxiety. And they're just never, ever ends. And that's part of the reason why it gets so out of control. Yeah. So you just like, you gotta just move on. Like, shit happens. Like, go to your squats. Like, yeah. What do you mean? I just want to get into this. Yeah. Yeah. The only thing that gave me anxiety around the gym was squats. Yeah. It was leg day. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It was leg day. It was before. Yeah. Train legs so hard that leg day is your biggest problem. How about this one, guys? So somebody asked us, does Nick Walker have, was he say here exactly? I'm going to get the exact where he says, first just body building. Does Nick Walker have a small chest? Seeing his most recent, most muscular inside chest. I see with his arms and dulse are very dominant and sort of make his pecks look small, relatively. And he also added to he's a huge Nick Walker fan. So I got a grab to picture, grab one of his later shots, one of his famous basement shots. Like, I don't know. I got nothing. Yeah. It's crazy. He looks like a headman. Small. Yeah. How's that? Big quarking. A small head. Actually a nine in a size nine head. It's just he's that big. Yeah. And also everybody's got slightly different proportions. Like, you know, Lee Priest structurally had really huge delts and arms in relation to just this circumference of his pack. It wasn't like his pack was small. It was just structurally had a smaller rib cage. And people often said Lee's chest was small, but he was also top six at the Olympiad five foot four. So whatever. Yeah. Like, you know, everyone's different. But not in next chest isn't a problem to me. I've never once looked at it and thought it was an issue. All right. Jim McDonald's got one for us. He says, when a person sees one of their favorite body builders in person, what is appropriate in terms of coming up and introducing yourself? Is he cool to ask for a picture in the gym? What if he or she is mid workout? It's best etiquette to wait until they appear like they're done training. That's just the best etiquette ideally. Um, you know, unless they're standing there talking, like, maybe they're done chest and they're filling their water bottle and they're chatting with some guy and they got a big smile on their face and they look approachable. I mean, you got to have some kind of social skills to like judge that. But if he's at the squat rack, putting plates on the bar and he's got his headphones down. He's going like this, believe him, I won't. Best advice and don't bother people when they're sitting at a table eating. That's like the worst because they got to get up and interrupting the conversation and all that weight for them to be paying and leaving. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I mean, for some reason I thought you meant like if they're eating their meal after they trained at the gym. Oh, no. They're sitting at the bar at the gym eating, talking to people. That's fine. But if you see him in the restaurant, talking with their friends or their family or whatever, wait until they get up and they're leaving or whatever. That's going to add one thing to the gym just because I've had a couple of people doing. I thought it was great is I had a guy come up and I was resting and finally said, hey, I don't want to bother you. But I'd like to get a picture before you go and I said, perfect. And it was like, well, let's just do it now. And the other instance, I was going to leave and I said, wait, where's that guy? And I found him to take the picture because you also don't want to like, you know, I would hate to sneak out of the gym and not knowing they were there. So, you know, I do have no issue with that because that puts it back in that person's hands. And I'll be honest, man, for as long as I've been at this, if anybody wants a chat for a quick second or a quick picture, it's actually really humbling that someone actually cares. So, I'm like, yes. Yeah, yeah. I was always very easy for pictures. Even if I was in the middle of my hard workout, I didn't care. I also took it as a privilege. But, you know, if just saying my everyone, yeah. Remind for. Remind for. That's not. Just remember, the people, you know, they're not an item, they're not a commodity. They are people. And training is their job and part of their life and give them the same respect you expect to be given to you. It emases me that when people get famous in whatever people start to think that they're public property, they start to think that they own a piece of them. And it's like, you know, they're still people. And the respect that they deserve. You wouldn't walk upon on someone you don't know in a restaurant and sit down and start asking them questions and them into the mail. But why do you think that's okay to do it with somebody who's a part of it? Right. Well, we witnessed that Justin and I witnessed that with Jamie when we were in England. He's like, TV famous now, right? At our table. Yeah, we were at a steakhouse, like a nice steakhouse, you know, where the stakes were like 80 bucks, 100 bucks a steak, like we're at that type of restaurant. We're all sitting down and baked table, like 12 of us. And people just started coming over to the table in the middle of dinner and asking, and not even really asking, but just saying, I need to picture with you. And Jamie's like, Julia, you guys fork in his hand, like looking up like that. That's tough. Me and Dusty were like, these people just have no idea what they're doing. They're just because like, star struck. If Jamie, like I said, no, I'm trying to have a meal right now. Can you respect that then he would be a jerk. You know, yeah. Yeah. I've got one question off the bucket, huh? How do I get invited to a mute and stake out? He just got hanging around the booth long enough that everyone just assumes you're part of the crew. I would actually before you think you're getting invited, you might want to have scotted at it out the, I eat my steak by the kilo. Yeah. Yeah. It's not a good data. Throw out the four. I've been 300 times. Stakes, please. Yeah. I've done a 72 ounce steak. Yeah. No doubt. No doubt. Twenty-five. You've been hit shirt on the wall. No, is it one of those where you if you get your picture on the wall? The old 96. He went. Yeah. Great. I helped the record for a while. Yeah. I can't eat that. That's just all fat and gristle. All right. Let's see if it's here for you. Like I said, we had a bunch of them. That's for all the John Candy fans. Yeah, I loved it. The only you and I actually got that just for the rest of the day. I didn't get it. You don't watch films. You won't get anything. Yeah. I don't watch it. I've been watching some TV lately. Um, all right. Most common mistake you guys see with quad training. I will sit this one out so we can cut short on time. You know, we can keep this thing rolling. But real quick for me to you. Just not getting enough depth on everything. Success leaves clues. You know, look at the athletes that have the biggest quads. And they have them by accident because they're not trying to get big quads. But they're Olympic weight lifters who are going ass to heels on all those front squads with elevated heels and those shoes. Sprint cyclists who are putting their knees to their chest with maximum power exertion and short trek speed skaters. Um, those three athletes have the, on average, the best quads of all Olympic athletes. And they have the most extreme ranges of motion. Um, they're not even trying to get quads. Weep and they have quads weep right. So then you get gyms full of people that are trying to get quads weep and they're doing, you know, shitty leg presses and they're not bearing their hacksquads and, you know, they're not taking the leg extension all the way back under the seat and just everything. You know, full range of motion is like the number one factor. I've seen a lot of stuff where your foot position this way doesn't even really make a difference. When it comes to how much more important depth is. There's absolutely nothing that can be added to that Scott. You can move on. I'm just really quick. Went through all. Yeah. I was like, I got nothing, bro. Do you want anything, Dave? The anything I've got is trained out because most people don't, especially. Yeah, you're a pussy like. I. That's I. All right, quick, simple question. Ask yourself this one question. When was the last time you failed squad? Right. Yeah. That's the bar on the rack. Yeah. Also, I, I think it's a mistake to do the hero thing and pull the stopper's out. I know guys like to do it for videos, but I would set the stoppers perfectly because if I was training alone, I would take that last negative. Yeah. Like I would, you know, I get the rep I barely got and then I think, OK, there's not another rep. So I'm just going to sit five, six second negative and put the bar on the stoppers and climb up from underneath it and re-rack it from my back off set. And that's something I do not see people doing. But that's what it takes. Like that's what I would do when I was trying to get my legs huge, you know. Well, the question of the week here is it bad. This is from Dusty's Instagram page. Is it bad that during an argument with my misses? All I can think about is when it will be when it will be over so that I can eat. I see nothing wrong with that. It's good. I, yes, I've, I've, I've that's what many it's time. All right. How about this one? Have you ever made an online shopping purchase, impulsively during prep that made you shake your head after what was some of your best in worse purchases? My, my, my, my own online, but I bought a seven series BMW once didn't prep on low carbs. So there's that. That's amazing. You know what I should do right now. What's that? Make a five year decision because I'm hungry. Yeah. Does it feel good? Yeah, luckily my last show was 2015 and I wasn't online shopping nearly as much back then, but I did, I think I just caught the very front end of what would be considered the sneaker head phase. I had like a slight sneaker head thing. My last few shows where I was ordering online. But, but I remember reading about other guys and they were making much more, it much more severe purchases during prep than I was, you know, sneakers and seeing that bad will be a fine car. It seemed that bad. Most of my bad purchasing decisions have been made post since I stopped competing. The bike in the background. Well, the bike gets used. I have too many guitars though. I've never breaps, so I don't have a problem. So, hey, you have no excuse for your bad purchases. You just make them anyways. Zach Collins, engine it with three bulldogs or three preps. Oh wow. Those are good. Those are good decisions. Dollar always good decisions. Speaking of which, I have to give a shout out. I put this aside here to these guys. You know these guys right, does? Yes, of course, getting a dog from them shortly. The power of rescue. They, they signed up to the Patreon. So I'm going to say, yeah, thank you to them and look at all these freaking dogs. I just took a screen capture of their page, which they didn't have to sign up to the Patreon for me to do this. I freaking love dogs. But these are all dogs that they have a feel. That's my girl right there. Bottom right one. You're kidding me, man. That's no, but right there. You need that bulldog. Someone needs that. But Scott, you need to buy that bulldog. That bulldog looks amazing. I believe that I believe she's already gone. I can't remember. Yeah. Because they put up their their full circle stuff, too, which is amazing. If you're not following them, you should just for purely like, if you love dogs. It's a my Instagram. If you go to my my search page, you know, it's dog rescues guitars and bikes. There's no more study. There's hardly any sluts. Oh, I know. I'm just sluts. I'm just sluts. I'm all slotted out. We have a dusty. We have a growth. Oh, we got one that's perfect for Dave. How important is HCH to TRT or a cycle? So I'm coaches hammer hard. When do you think it's important to add this in? And what about any substitutes? Like MK6677 or other peptides? Love the podcast and the channel. The new day was coming today. Yeah. GH Dave. That was a forwanderer. I just I don't I for a longevity feel good. Beautiful sort of vibrancy as a supplement for that market. Yeah, I'm on board with it. For growing muscle, I just get another bottle of Deca. I want bottle. There you go. I just I find it expensive. I don't find it that particularly productive. Um, it has benefits, but I don't find them prem or primary. I just find them secondary. You know, if I'm looking at what I'm using to get big, the row feels definitely not going to be at the top of the list. If I've got more money than sense, yeah, fine, I'll I'll try a bit. But so I mean, I've been high and I didn't really. I struggled to understand what the fuss was about. You did a what you did that that GH experiment. Didn't you where you took like a massive amount for a long period of time? I can't remember. Twenty-three. Twenty-seven are you a day? The farmer for how long? Trauma. A few months. And what was the data? Where? You were a minister. Yeah. Yep. Um, incident resistance and spent a lot of money. I just didn't didn't see the. Now when I look at growth, low dose, time correctly, it will have had a little bit of polish to what you're doing. So to speak, but I just don't see it as a primary mover in muscle growth at all. Some people disagree with me, fine. I'm not that bothered to argue to be fair. But I just know, I just don't see it as being the Holy Grail that it was once thought of being. I find it very useful for so-called rejuvenation, for recovery, for wellbeing, for general vitality. It's a nice supplement. If you slow dose, I don't think there's any reason for high dose at any point. But it, I say, on my shop in this, it will be very low there. Yep. Well, I just think most guys are better off investing a bit of money. Big, big, big, big, big more money, sensibly. There we go. My seven series. Yeah. Okay, by growth and so-called centers. There is one thing better. Our mobile delivery services like Uber eats in Door-Dash, destroying the restaurant service. Or are they the best things in 50 cent wings? I never use them. Really? Yeah, I don't like learning money. Yeah, just a ridiculous thing. I thought everybody was doing it nowadays. Nah, I just lazy people. We do once in a great while, but it's rare, like super rare. Yeah, I've got to show my children from that. I've got to treat our daughters. We'll do that sometimes in just order. And I'm like, look, they increase the price of every item. Then charge you in a mound. I'm like, I always joke that things like that are invented for people who are either poor or want to become poor. Yeah. Because like, why? You know, why? I did this to order this food. I'm like, you have a car. And does it the restaurant? You can make less money because the restaurant gets less money out of it. So it's like, screw that. Yeah, I'll use it. I'm guilty of using them, but that's only when we're on the road. Or we're jumping from place to place. And we're turning off. That's grass and food quake, but that's of what? Like locally one of a home never use them. Yeah, yeah. You should be mindful of your local places because I feel like the people forget that the people who are spending money in your businesses are local people. You need that money needs to move around. Like Ron can't just take the money from the gym and hold it. He's got to use it around town as well. So people can afford to come back to his gym and vice versa. Yeah. Yeah. It's got to be that way. I'd tried to do everything in my life really near my place and my business. You know what I mean? That's a great idea. I love that. Yeah, agreed. Support the community. What else do we have here? I was going to tell you, I have a friend owns a restaurant locally. He said they're doing an extra 60K because of those apps. The business they they hadn't done previously. But they because like grub hub or whatever charges you something as the business owner. They do like you said dusty. They had to raise their prices. So they're like we just were raised our prices for that stuff. Yeah. Which find if you're done up to pay for it. I mean willing to pay for it. Dust again. Yeah. Let's explain how nowadays at local shows you have to look at who won against. We you have to look at who you won against. Because show talent can be weak that overall wins don't mean you really are at the national level anymore. I think we've talked about this one before. Kind of. Yeah, I mean it's pretty quick. You don't it that was never. That's when they also I hate that hour era and the era before us loved to shit on the current era. That was always a problem. Like the shows were bigger. But I mean I won my first overall with a perfect score overall class. And was nowhere near ready for the next level. And the guys were good. It's just the gap is enormous. So it's simple. We live in an age where you can go look at what the next level looks like. Look. No one I'm not saying you're not ever going to be ready. But you're not ready now. Why spend $3,000 you're going to ask kicked. Your wife will do it for free. Yeah. I agree with Dusty. It was always a thing like you know I was qualified for nationals for two years before I ever went. No, I went to nationals the third year. I was qualified to go because how's that go for? You did also face second and then super heavyweight said only 24 years old. There you go. Yeah. But I was just smart enough to know like just because you're qualified doesn't mean you should be there. Nope. No. All right. Casey has one force. He says if you've only got to splurge funds on one brand of equipment, which would you choose? Sorry back. It comes. Yeah. Comes down to like simplicity. Low so low maintenance simplicity of design and the footprint size are the three main things I look at. So you're looking at hammer strength kills everyone on the maintenance. Yeah. That's a good slowest maintenance equipment ever made. The plate loaded hammer strength is by far you don't have to touch it for like 35 years. And side backs is probably kills everybody on foot print and simplicity is there. And the maintenance is very low. So it's a fantastic brand. There's a couple others that are great, but it's really hard to nail all three of those. You know that old saying you can have light strong cheap. You get two of those. You get the pit too. Oh, right. Light strong cheap. Pick two because you can't have all three. It's kind of like you know low maintenance, small footprint simplicity of design. You know, say side backs, which is now gone. They're rolling a bunch of those designs into the life fitness brand. So some of those pieces are still going to be available with a life fitness sticker on them. And then hammer strength. Yeah. How much you Dave, what do you guys have over there that you like? You know the best kit I've ever tried and it was made by the blog alone to Jim. You guys have like a lot of homemade stuff over there. Don't you? It was, it was made by a bodybuilder for bodybuilders. It's the best kit I've ever ever used. It's 40 odd years old now. It's still brilliant. Not only did it just to it right. And I can't give you any of your explanations and that. Pyramini's is flat pulled down. Had a 350 pound stack. His calf machine was a 1,550 pound. Oh, God. Yeah. Yeah. It was just built right. I've never got into the big brand thing. I've trained on some beautiful kit but I couldn't tell you what it was. I just got on it. It felt right. I used it. It didn't feel right. I moved on to the next one. I never got it. And it's almost a subculture now. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. You can be quick in. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's a bit like, it's a bit like sneaky heads. It's there's people that talk from Jim to Jim to be able to use that side backs late press or all that particular, you know, Watson piece or Arsenal piece or whatever. And I don't get it because I don't know the Browns in relation to the equipment. I just know what felt right. If it wasn't gimmicky stuff now. And if it wasn't like a like, I couldn't justify it, I guess, is what I'm getting at. But if it wasn't the cost factor, I would get a bunch of Jim Lico stuff. Because I could have like an entire Jim in my basement. Because it would all have. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, they've got some great pieces definitely. And you know, you see, I look at Instagram and you'll see somebody doing a row. And they got like six plates aside on it and they're not like dusty. They're just like like a regular dude. And I think that that's a piece of shit machine because it's just eating plates. Like there's a reason some, you know, two hundred, not one hundred and ninety pound should be doing six plates on a row machinery that makes no sense. So it's poorly designed plate eating machines. And they're just novelties and gimmicks. And they make people feel great because they posted on Instagram. But yeah, that's the problem that they become the most popular machine in your Jim. And because everybody can look strong at it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You want the one that taxes you the most, not the one that makes it is easy. It's possible for you. I love it when I get on a row and I can only do two or three plates. I'm like, oh, this is a good row. Yeah. Yeah. I love the moves so much weight to put the kids started on this thing. Yeah. Every Dino's row that old row of dealers. Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That was a great one. The red one that we did. Yeah, we got video that's great. All right. What are some of the moments where you felt that you were being the most hard core? When I started and I carried out a gallon water around like an idiot. Yeah. I learned about leaders later in life and convenience and cup holders. Um. I had a bunch of bandanas. Yeah. I had a bunch of bandanas and boat neck shirts and I had a hip. That's a little closer home. Yeah. That was just these new boat neck. Look what? The trap. So I was like, I was a one in done cut. I was so proud of myself. I put it on. I was like, I look like I went back to the 90s. So I saw kids looking to make a comparison. It was trapped tip to trapped tip. It couldn't have been a better cut. Yeah. That was a magical moment when I cut that thing up and like, look at that. I actually kept the strip to show Nicky. I was like, just so you know, I did this in one shot. So I'm going to find presses and shrugs all day long. Yeah. Yeah. There was a judgment free. I thought the gym was funny because I felt like all the older guys understood what was happening. Yeah. Oh boy. I think he had nods and maybe a slight like, yeah. And I like how you chose to go no stringer. You just won't just boat neck. I used to do that a lot too. You don't need the stringer. The stringer's just like, you know, it's a nice accessory occasionally. Yeah. No, I just agree. You need the stringer because you need the stringer for the strip down halfway through the worker. Ah, you're going to do the tarp tarps off. Yeah. You're going to do the layer. You're going to do the layer. So it's full hoodie first because you covered open. So via head, so no one did you mean a moody. Then that comes off. You mean a moody. Then the back comes off. It's a little spring at the finish. Oh, I love it. That's my new catchphrase, mean and moody. Okay. What do you guys think about guys who hit a vacuum and study hitting their abs while doing their mandatory. So like the judges call ab-thine a do a vacuum? Yeah. Close my mind. I don't understand it. If it's a good vacuum. Well, so what I tell guys is hit the ab thigh. Blow it out. Blow everybody's minds with the ab thigh. Make sure you see the judges all stare at how great your abs are. And then if you want to pull up into a vacuum and get the crowd pop, you can do that. But if I was a judge, I'd be looking for your abs. And if you're not going to show me your abs, then you lose that pose. That's my mindset. It's an ab thigh. If you look front double-buy and they don't go like this, then how do you judge your front double-buy, right? Yeah. My biggest bookbear when I judge is people doing dumb shit. An over-laborate in transitions into poses and waving their arms like they're trying to fucking fly or just about dump her hot shit. It's just like getting into the pose, do it and hook off. You thought we don't do? You forgot we don't do swears, Dave. You told me that you never said love. Why could you do swears on this show and you can't do swears on our show? Oh, boy. You never told me I couldn't swear. You did a lot of swears today. Don't mind him, Dave. No, he gives me a list of warm allowed to do what no allowed to do. And there was no swearing on that list. There's always no swearing on the list. He told me this is absolutely a warm heart short, right here. He was a f-bub, Dave dropping them the whole time. It's got no. And Ron, did it good job today? Dave, this week, if Dave could be more like Ron, we would have a good thing going here. Be more like, Dave. This is how Madger life has gotten. I'm not allowed to use the hour would. No, no, you're definitely not. We learned that last week, didn't we? Well, I learned it. We might not know what to do. I'm not allowed to do it. We learned Dave. He's a kindergarten. He's a kindergarten. You should have adopted me for a week. It's a lesson. That's a week. Again. Oh, boy. That's a, this is, this is a task. Well, we have you here, Dave. I expressively wanted to have you here to tell us a story about being a bouncer. Because I learned a whole other side of Dave. I had heard some bouncing stories before. But when I came out to visit, the guy's Dave lives he used to. He moved. But he lived in a little village. Just like you would imagine in Northern England. It was literally like cobblestone roads and stuff like that. A little tiny village in the middle of nowhere. And one day we were eating food and he told me all about how, what was it? You said that you were, you weren't necessarily the hardest puncher. But you could definitely take a hard hit that you don't look at that nagging. You didn't go down. What was that ass-trace story you told us about? Oh, all right. So yeah, I can't really punch for toffee, but I can grab people. And I used to restrict that oxygen flow was always founded to be very effective. But I could always take a good punch. Probably we'd growing up with two brothers that were older than me and liked to use me as a punch bag. I guess I've got used to it. But I was working a charity music festival, a low key thing, nothing, not big, no names or anything like that. Just local bands, local people, local fields. And these two gentlemen that like to use drugs that made them look unwell. Decided that we were going to try and gain entry through the field. So we met them and informed them that they wouldn't be allowed to gain entry through the field. And that they wouldn't be welcome because we basically didn't want their sort at the event. So one of them decided to introduce my head to a 10 pound lump hammer. Oh, and he caught me at the back here and opened it up. And at that point obviously we all had a little bit of a dance and we hugged each of her a little bit. No, I just thought I'd hugged him a little bit and explained to him that he was doing something that wasn't very nice and not very friendly and he shouldn't really do it. Wouldn't be acceptable. No, so I guided him to the front of the venue where the intention was that the local conservatory were going to be informed. And I just restrained him gently. Why my colleagues brought his two colleagues up through the field as well. Now if you've ever seen a dry stone wall, it's basically a wall made out of stones that are piled on top of each other. It's a very, very skilled job. And then for a top what they do is they're put a stone on its edge. So the top of the wall is these quite big, you know, that'd be this size piece of the stone about two and a half two and a half inches thick in a sort of half curved shape, each rooflet and they make the top of the wall. So I was distracted by his two colleagues disagreeing with my colleagues in the field. I turned around to him having hold of this stone in both hands and in literally wiping it across the side of my head in one fell swoop. That then restricted my vision slightly. Unfortunately the blood men I couldn't see very well. But I knew he was in front of me. So I grabbed him and pinned him by his breathing apparatus to the wall at the side of the pub. We did have some on-site dogs. Real dog dogs. Yeah, dog dogs. I did not think a British word like the eggs. Your friend, your friend. Like the eggs. So Bob the dog was the name of the handler and he was well known for his dogs. He may or may not have introduced a mild metabolic cycle to a couple of these animals. I heard a piece of the dog. He's wrought violent may have dragged a Suzuki Germany down the field in the middle of the night when he was changed to it. And he introduced this animal to this gentleman's arm and then he proceeded to run around the car park with him in his mouth. By this point things again a little bit not so everything's going to be crazy. Yeah, it was really normal up until the dog. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. He sensed all to these. Well, he had a different trip to Tardid to me at that point. And then one of them got into the pub. I blocked the other two's entry from the pub. And one of them ran up and punched me in the face. And then the one that got into pub, the army came out behind me in the English pub. We had these big pot astraes that are about this big. Big ceramic astraes. And he came up behind me and smashed that over the top of my head. Your poor head. Um, no sense. No feeling. The police did eventually arise. Um, and obviously it was expressed there. I would like to press charges against these gentlemen for the several holes that are now. Puffusely pumping blood out of my noggin. And they inform me that the gentleman want to press charges for their lack of teeth and an inability to use their arm anymore because they're talking just out into bits. I had to result it went nowhere and we went not for knocks, so to speak. But, uh, yeah, that was an interesting evening. Damn. No, I bounced at, I bounced at some bars, but I don't ever remember having a, a rot whileers on staff. Yeah, right. That's really another level. They don't do that in Canada. I've never been with a police of a building before either. Right. Part of a while. And why was it loose? Yeah. It was a striestone that not made with any cement that just sat on top. Uh, for use of bouncing, what was in this bar that they wanted in so bad? I mean, you said it was an average band. I mean, damn. The band was in the field. But the bar had nothing to do with the actually vent. The event was in some tents in the field. And the dogs were literally there for the nighttime shift, like when it all closed down to protect the band equipment. So I put the nurse to fly there. Oh, I dare. So, uh, and then the bar was just serving food and, and drinks to the event. So they had like an outside bar and then inside bar as well. Oh, there's been also, so over the years. I remember, I got stuck to by somebody. And that ended up in a physical brawl. And that was quite an asking one. And, and it was, there was blood appearing on this gentleman's head, which I felt was coming from him. And I was quite encouraged by this situation. Um, I felt that just this was being served. And this gentleman was getting what he deserved until I actually realized it wasn't here as it was mine. Oh, and it was just, Oh, my chest. Oh, my God. We don't bounce like that. And the United States is different. Yeah. Oh, man. Yeah, I mean, we saw some braels. I mean, I saw some braels in my day and like, you know, I did have a couple of good headbutts stories, but nothing compared to that. No. We, uh, oh, I've had shotguns pulled on me. Shotguns fired at me. Nice pulled on me. Just tried to be run over. What do you get? What do you get? What do you get? What do you get paid? The bounce. I think you're underpaid. Drastically for knives, guns, bricks. You had your own business. David, I did this. I did this. I'm through. And one of the things we specialized in was clear now, shittles. Patently making bad poems, good. Um, yeah, I mean, there's been some funny stuff over the years as well. And it's always, it's, I remember, um, end of a club. This was very early in my bouncing days. We, we found a gentleman in the toilet who still had his parents around his ankles. Um, and I'm not sure how it occurred, but there was several people's urine and theses all over this guy. Um, he was a mess. I need to stunk. So, but we had to get him out of the building. And we couldn't leave him where he was. The ambulance wouldn't take him. The police wouldn't take him. Um, so we, we, we grabbed whatever we could in the way of toilet roll and, and beer towels to pick him up with the sort of carry him out. Uh, and the police has said, from in the back of the van, we'll take him down to the cell. We'll get a duty doctor down to check his alright. And he could just sleep it off in the cell. Uh, and we got him halfway across the road when Nick who had one of the lads I was working with dropped his guts. Stunk and we just dropped this guy in the middle of the road and ran off because he just smelled so bad. Just left him in the middle of the road where he was with his pants round his ankle, come with each hit and pissed. Drop his guts, do you mean like, threw up? No, he's hard. No, Nick, hard. Uh, I think you know the meaning. I thought I meant you. Yeah, I did too. It was, it was, it was like that's it. Yeah, it was, it was, it was, it was just, don't you? It was just, don't give us file. So you just said that you were running off. Fee sees all over him and it was his fart that ended. Yeah. Wow, what is that guy? Too much. You got to draw the line somewhere. Yeah, yes. I agree, just you know, there's no just no need. Um, what is I could go on on on on on those things. If we had time for all the stories, Dave also owned, um, like a, a monster truck and gave people rights in that. He's also told the stories about how, uh, so Dave's little time. He's talked about that on the shows. And for a while, he lived in Canada, right? And he lived in Canada, uh, alongside you. But you weren't supposed to, was that when you weren't supposed to be, like you were, you were stuck? You were like, Dave didn't want to get trouble. So we went to Canada kind of thing. I lived in front of the land. Yeah, for a while. Yeah, no, I lived in part, I moved, when I moved over, I went into Toronto then I went to Hamilton. Um, and I was in Hamilton when there was the big kickoff with the Indians over some, some houses that were supposedly being built on reservation land or in the inland. Right. The, the developer at board, the land off the council and the council had supposedly been ordered off the chief. And the Indians were saying he, one, didn't have the right to sell the land because they don't believe in ownership. And two, it was just an ex on a piece of paper and they couldn't prove it was him. So for literally, I think it was about two years. It occupied this land. They built a, like, a makeshift sort of, for almost on it. And they occupied it for months. It was in all the news for a very long time. Yeah, you remember what year that was? I remember that. If you remember what year that was? Two, four, five. Yeah, yeah. And then I moved to Port Dover and I lived on the shores of Lake Eri on Port Dover for about six months. Okay. Home for a couple of years. Then I went on holiday for four years. I went for four years. There you go. Okay. Oh, I can, can I, I've got time to tell one story. Of course. So I was held at Diagon, and I had a great attention sent, and then I got moved to Toronto, West One, which is a very unpleasant person. I might have. That's after they figured out who you were at this point. That's after they realized who I was yet. And so I was being deported and, and basically, you're a prisoner to you get to the airport. Then you get put in city clothes. And then you meet a martial who takes you through into departure lounge. And then you just board the plane like anybody else. And it's the country you're going to back to responsibility to arrest you if they want you at that end. So it must have been these guys the day I don't know. Full orange jumpsuit. Top and bottom shackles, chain link in the whole work. Proper chain gun job. I'm shuffling out the prison into this fan. I'm getting to the airport. This post took me down to the customs door away from the public, so I can get changed into this really in clothes. They didn't. They walked me up to the checking desk. Still shackled. I'm still in chains. Still in the Irish jumpsuit. And they checked me in. There was a woman at the checking desk. Next to me, looking incredibly nervous about this big blow with a bold head and a beard. In chains, being checked onto the flight that she's about to board. Then I get taken to customs. These two security guards get the roll of the lives. I'm allowed to get changed and I meet the martial. And he checked me for the departure lounge and he's like, you're going to go get a coffee do what you want. I'm just sat and chatting and shooting the shit. And he was great. He gave him a document, some a passport and said, right, you bought the plane. And then when you bought the plane. And off you go, open and ever see you again. So I get a whole row in the middle of the plane to myself. Nice. There's no one near me. I've got the whole row out to myself. I'm sat in this row and on the end row, because obviously you've got the two aisles. You've got seats by the windows. An aisle, middle row aisle. Yeah. Seats by the window. This woman that was at the check-ins now sat. She's now, she's now looking across at me thinking what the, yeah, this guy's here. He was there in the jump suit. Why is he on the plane? Why is he sat near me? Why doesn't he have a check-in? And so we do the fly. We landed in good. I get off the plane. I've got my documentation. I decided, I need to go to the toilet. So I went to the toilet, then I came out and I walked down to the passport control. I mean the domestic line for entering the UK. And this six armed officers, five story armed officers at the bottom of this queue. And one of them walks up. They all have machine guns at the airport. So the one of them walks up. And he's only ready to go next to me. And I step out, I give him the passport. And I think you're looking for me, mate. And he's like, yeah, yeah, just come with us. I went, okay, I'm there. And then all of a sudden this guy turns up, Puffing and Planet in the apartment. You've got the plane to meet me and miss me because I've gone in the toilet. So now I've got six armed police officers around there. I'm coughed. And I'm like, look, I've got a luggage to collect. Okay, no problem. We'll go get your luggage. Okay, so they walk me down to the carousel. So now, let the carousel surrounded by a cuffed against. surrounded by six armed police officers and machine guns. The cop is to get my luggage off the carousel. And this woman stood next to us now with the carousel. She just about has a heart attack. It's amazing. So she definitely had to tell the telegram kids anyway. But yeah, she definitely had a nervous fly, I think. Yeah, I didn't work that way. And in just for anybody else that doesn't know Dave's story, it was for taxes. Yeah, no, it's for you. Well, we see it stolen vehicles in the IT for what was what I've done with. Damn. And that's where I'm going to let you see it. And what I'm going to tell you. For what I'm present was worse than England. No, it wasn't as bad as shots. Shots, shots is a dump. But Toronto wasn't pleasant. I was in with a mad rush in at Killed Coppers. A big far accountant from New Zealand, New Zealand, who had failed to surrender account information on one of his clients. And it was doing a connecting fly. Didn't realise it was doing a stopover in the States. So he had a warrant out of stun them because he hadn't failed to provide his evidence for the American courts. So he was in there waiting in whatever was going on with him. So he wasn't really in there because he committed a proper gravy. He was waiting what they were going to do about him not surrender in this information. Yeah. And a young lad who was in for several murders, who just constantly spoke about how he's Gill friend and how she was going to wait for him. And she was going to be there for him when he got out. Obviously, we all move very different. But I wasn't going to tell him not. I wanted to wake up in the morning. So yeah, that was an interesting cell that was forward of Chad with him. Oh, strange individuals. Damn. Oh man. Yeah, that whole transport prisoner thing is he didn't move. And you wonder how it actually goes, you know. Yeah, I thought they were going to martial with you or something. Yeah, just kind of a fumbled hand off all the time. Yeah. I think he depends on obviously the offensive committed. Yeah. I mean, yeah, what you know, classes of white color crimes. So I don't think they had any concerns about me flying. I think you've you were a multiple murderer. You might fly in coast with a martial with you. I think that might be slightly different. Right. Right. But like I just want to listen to the unedited, Verthe unbeapt version of this episode. You can do that at Rumble. Because there's going to be a lot of beeps apparently. There's going to be a few beeps. Why is he going to be beeps? I don't understand. There's something on the bomb. Ron show him the bomb. I didn't say nothing. I didn't say nothing wrong. No, I don't think so either. I don't think so either. I don't think so either. That's right. I don't know. Is that the far bomb then? That's the far thing. Similar. Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Well, thanks for coming on Dave. I really appreciate the stories. The astray capped at for me. It's good to finally have a long form discussion with you. You know, obviously I've watched a lot of the, I let the podcast play in the background quite often. And I appreciate your insight into that being extraordinarily massive. Throw that picture up one more time Scott. We can do that right here. You know, you can say all you got to say, but 400 pounds is still 400 pounds. So thanks for coming on Dave Crosslin. Co host the drugs and stuff. You can catch out. What days your show always come out? We always put it on Mondays Mondays. So it's out while we're recording now. Yeah. These are watching the new episode of drugs and stuff. Okay. Thanks Dave. Remember everybody like share, subscribe, comment, and ring that bell. Yes, sir. Remember I am mutant.com, Boring Hardcore. Get your ISO surge. Get your all in and everybody should get on the gear. That's the one. Okay. Thanks everybody and remember. It's just bodybuilding.