Hey everybody, welcome to It's Just Body Building. We're gonna do Instagram questions in this episode. Dusty Han Shah, Scomic Nallie, and of course myself big round part low. Like, share, subscribe, comments, and ring the bell. And ring the bell. There we go. I thought you were wearing it. So we're back. We're back. I changed my shirt. I saw that in my hat. It feels very new. Yeah, I'm sure it's all the time. It's fine. Yeah, you change your shirt too. You're just, you're like Mark Zuckerberg. Yeah, the new one. The new shirt will be dangerous. It doesn't fucking matter. Right? The last of a douche with less money, but yeah, same shirt. No. Yeah. Okay. Did you see the influencers in the wild post that Mark Zuckerberg? No. It was in. Just that one. It was really good. The guy who runs the account for influencers in the wild. I don't know if you guys follow that one. That's fine. It shows like, it's like video is that people send in that they think of people who are influencers, like shooting in the selves. Yeah. So they'll be like a girl rolling around in the water. And you could tell her, like, boy, friend is like trying to get the perfect shot of her in a little film it. And it just looks so funny, right? Oh, yeah. But I guess Zuckerberg sent a photo of himself into the account. No kidding. The account was like, Zuck has a good sense of humor. And they sent Zuckerberg was standing in the swimming pool, taking a selfie of himself. And behind him was like, like, I can't remember what animals. It was like two deer or something. Like, right? Because it's like, you know, they're coming out of the forest behind him. There's like some wildlife behind him. And he's in the pool taking a selfie. And it's someone took a photo of that. Right. And Zuck sent that in. He's like, here's the ultimate influencer in the wild. It's great. The ultimate influencer, right? Well, that's amazing. I hate him, that's so amazing. I wonder what he's really like. What if you just like, you know, got stuck on a three hour drive with him? Oh, God. Who'd be the worst person to be stuck on a drive with? You could think of. I don't think anyone from the view would be perfect. Oh, my gosh. Well, yeah, I think with those are just old ladies. So just don't talk about it. It takes with them. Just don't talk politics with old ladies. Who fucked does that? I'm sure they're, you know what I mean? Valid. Get them to tell you interesting stories about the 60s or something. There you go. Yeah. Well, I was at Woodstock. There you go. Talk about that for an hour. I'll be entertained. You know? You know, yes. That's the thing about tolerating other people. You just have to know like what not to talk about. It's a good point. It's part of like if you just have to get along with people, just know what not to talk about. Like, you know, I could spend two hours in a car with anybody if you avoid the right subjects. You know? How do I keep their opinion completely away from me? Let's do it. Yeah. Yeah. Sure you could find some. You could find something you have in common and sure someone likes, I'm sure I could find someone that I would think was my mortal enemy. If I knew they're politics, but if we talk about movies, they might like the same movies as me. I feel like we could make this room below. This could be like a segment for Ron, where we call it like, like be a little more Canadian. Did I ever go talk about, you know, go for a two hour car right with anybody with anybody. Yeah. This I do it. The worst, well, the worst person, someone who thinks that they like who's driving. You're driving. You're driving. Is it your car? Sure. Yes. You're driving like this. It's not okay. So it's not like you're splitting a rental car and you're going to take turns driving. Yeah. You're driving them. They have to understand that they have zero say in the music or the volume. I own the car. I'm fucking driving. I get to do whatever I want with my music. I can crank it to 12 and play AC DC. The whole two hours. There's nothing you can do about it. Don't touch my stereo. Yeah. Okay. People have to know that. That should be an unwritten rule anyways. You know that. That's something that I deal with here. So I don't like Blair my music. It's not 1997. I don't like twice. I don't like the CD or anything. But I'm listening to my music at a tone that I like. I can hear right? If I have to say something to you, I might have to talk like this. Yeah. So but each time we'll pull up somewhere like through a gas station or the school, the rules will turn it down before we pull it. I'm like, I don't care if they know what I'm listening to. No matter what it is, under no circumstances, there are any sort of a weird one to it. Yeah. That's a certain rules man. We're driving to Ruby. Yeah. Go grab into the movie the other night and I'm cranking. Any notes and tunes cranking. And then Emily reaches up and she turns the volume down and starts telling me a story of a better day. Wait a minute. We're listening to this. Right? And I was just like, whoa, whoa, whoa. What is going on here? It's all over here. Are we talking about our days right now? Or are we listening to music? Is I? I was under the impression we were listening to music. And you see, I think we're going to talk about our days while we're driving. Okay, I mean, we could have a discussion about this, but you can't just reach ahead and just see someone's fingers touch the knob and then they turn down. I just think, who does this person think they are? What do you think you live with? We are something. This is ridiculous. I mean, we're something to say. Well, listen, if you're going to listen, this is my thought though. If you have something to say and you say it to me while the music is up, I determine if it's important that it turns me and if she turns me and goes, should we do this check that we just saw them? Whoa, what? Turn it. Yes, we should. Flip a bitch. We go back. We take our shot. See what happens. But like, just a random. What else do we need from the grocery store? Not now. Yeah. You know, you're driving. And it's another thing too. I don't know if this is a woman thing. But because of our viewers. Yeah. I don't know if this is a woman thing. I don't know what it is. It's magical. So I can have some music on and we're driving. Maybe it's we've got to drive. And I know that said there's a playlist and there's two songs. And then I know that the third song is a really good smoker. Right? That third one's going to be awesome when it comes on. I know what's coming. She says nothing. For two songs. And then like the opening riff of that third song that I've been waiting for. And anticipating. You know that third song starts opening riff starts. The drums kick in. Just as the first verse comes in and you just ready to just fuck. Yes, fuck. It's like, so my grandma decided that. I'm like, you had two whole songs. It was like, it took me the other shows of these two songs. And I thought we're okay, but they're pretty good. So I just let them play. You could have told me all this. And then as this start. And it organically started to, you know how a song is always better when it comes on by itself. Yes. Yes. As opposed to when you play it, she's like, we used to listen to it a time. Now my head's not the same. It was about to happen. These are both good. It was about to organically play, you know. And remind me of like those old days when something would come on the radio. Yeah. And now she goes, what? Can't rewind. Like, shh. Everybody car shut up. Yep. You know? There's something about those days. There's something about the sanctity of a song coming on by itself. Like on a playlist or a serious satellite radio. Like, oh, this song is on. You know, like, the handful of songs I can't turn the car off. I have to let them fall. Oh, yeah. What would be one of those? You didn't know. Even though they're on my phone. Yeah. Of course that. That's a totally different thing. I feel the same. What would be one of those songs, right? Like a song you could turn off. So I've said this before 1979 by the smashing pumpkins. Okay. Absolutely. Always have to let that song finish. I don't know. Something about that song. Can't not let it finish. You know, just a handful of them. That's a good one, though. You made a really good point, Ron, because you know at this point in life. Like when I'm heading to the gym, I know how far the gym is. I cue my Spotify songs to get me. Like, I don't leave the driveway until all my music to get me to the gym. And that couple of minutes where I sit in the gym parking lot. You know what, how many do you need? You need six songs in a row. How long should drive? Like how many do you need? No, it's a short drive. So four is good. But I spend five minutes in the parking lot. Deciding. Just so that whole four song. That song is, I'm priming for the fourth song. Yeah. Four songs. Yeah. That's the, you're parked by song for it. And it's just, yeah. Yeah. See? And that's when she would turn it down. That's when the thing would come out. That was the fucking ratter clause. Come out and fucking. Sam, Richard for the cameras, they can see like what it looks like. Yeah. If the camera were the, were the knob, this one is from the knob. This point of view. I feel that. I do. Wow. Did you ask, still sit with her at the movie? Did you sit by herself? Oh no, I think it was good. I was good at that. Hey, like I said, you know, part of part of getting through life is learning to call up those moments without losing your mind. I just quietly remind her, name, return my song down. 979, you know better. You turn this on down. He's the same voice. Yeah, the same voice. You turn my song down. And then she's part of me. That's absolutely keto, or seriousness is if the tone never changes. No, I have to stay calm. I have to stay calm. Oh, it's good shit. Sorry. I don't even know where we are anymore. I've completely lost track of what we're doing. Well, we're supposed to do Instagram questions, which I had a lot of. Oh, boy. So is that what we're doing? What's doing? Yeah. I just got an attack that drives me crazy. Anyways, would you ever say that you need words of encouragement? Because you're super hungry and that's all you're thinking about. That one hurts me a little bit. I wouldn't write those words. No. Never. Yeah, so the guy that wrote those that's probably listening to some. Sorry, but he shouldn't send those words. Just suck at the fuck up. Well, you don't want to type it. It's certain things you don't want to like, yeah, they might occur in your brain. But when you write them down, it makes them more real. You don't want that. You want to deny it. And I deny stuff to feel is down. Possible denial. I believe the feeling is down. And I deny denial. I can see the liability. Yes. Yes. Okay. So I have a couple of questions. Well, there's actually two that are about food. About some tips. What are some key basic tips to make your food more enjoyable? Cook it properly. Cook it's not long. But I mean, like, I think most people that suck at cooking, they think their food is terrible because it's dry or something. That's what I think. Yeah. You know, like, cookers or extra cookers, are magical because they keep things everyone's favorite word moist. See, I love barbecue chicken. Like barbecue chicken is the best. It could be better. But people butcher the fuck. They dry the shit out of their chicken and then they can't reheat it and then it's brutal. Yeah. So yeah, you got to just don't over cook you shit. Like everyone blasts the fuck out of their barbecue. We tend as well, I think because in bodybuilding, we're making things in bigger quantities. We tend to just go on autopilot with it and do the same thing over and over and over. And I try to give people a few options for meats. I'll be like, well, you can use turkey, 99% ground turkey. You can use turkey breast. You can use chicken breast or you can use light fish for this meal. Then 10 weeks down the road, the same guy says, is there anything else I can eat except for chicken because I'm so tired of chicken? Like we was on the list. It's still right on the list. We don't think, I mean, the reality is we don't think about it. We just do the same thing over and over and over and get burnt out. You get burnt out. So I think different seasonings, you know, that can help. Like you were saying, Dusty, we just talked about the simple and sweat and gear too. Somebody said, hey, what do you guys think Dusty likes using the Insta Pot? What do you guys think about that? And of course, skip. He's real old school. So he's like, I just put on my chicken on a pan and I cook it. I don't care what it tastes like. But you know what, you know, you can have a little flavor in your life, you know? Yeah, yeah. I actually say that I get it. I get it. I still climb. So it needs to, I feel like to help you not cheat. Make your food taste good. Yeah. Like, I'm not saying that you should do things that are off the plan. But if you find ways that you can enjoy your food, you don't feel like you're dieting. I will finish, as you say, like it's current. A million years ago when I just kept repeating it, I would finish a prep and I'd have employees. But like, oh, you still doing another show and I'm like, no, why? We're eating them more food. Or you're eating the same food. I'm like, yeah, but there's more of it. Like, I don't change the chicken. Like the barbecue chicken is still barbecue chicken. And just now it's got 400 grams of rice within 200. Because I actually like it. I think that it really does help because my first started by building, I thought that hardcore was the thing. Just cook it in the pan, make it taste like shit and sometimes you're going to make you look better. No, it just makes you hate life six times a day, fuck. Yeah. What, I got a question here. What's your favorite kitchen tool that you use? Your favorite thing in your kitchen that if you had to go to someone else's kitchen, you would take it. Like, it's, oh, other people don't have, you know what I mean? There's something that you, you know, like, you know, like, you know, when you go to like, you have to go to like an air, you get like an Airbnb. Oh, yeah. And they have everything. But they don't have that thing that you have in your kitchen and you fucking need to bring it. Yes, I'll go to that. I have quite a few of those. That's a problem. The one guy says like, like, example, your favorite scissors for cutting meat. I don't know. Could be something like that. Yeah. I do, okay. I will say that, I mean, I didn't think of this that simply, but I have some really good steak knives, which I'm not partially my steak knives, but I've always bought cheap ass steak knives from like Walmart. I just never thought it mattered. And actually, a client of mine bought me a set for a gift after I showed to six steak knives. And then at first, I'm like, I was like, what the fuck is this? And now I buy expensive ass knives like right there work. And I'm a shitty cook, which is, I use word shaft cook. And they're still worth it. Good knives are amazing. Yeah, they have. Yeah, I got a really good knife set for Christmas. And I was like, I, yeah, cool. We got one of those cool knife sets. It'll sit on the counter. You know, with all the little knives, got a bunch of little steak knives. And then it's got a whole bunch of knives. I started using those things. Jesus, like, like, I just grabbed a piece of the fat and hold the steak up. And I just touched the blade to the fat and the weight of the steak just like, she's not. No, I mean, I just dragged the blade along the strip and just shears the, the, the, the steak, the weight of the steak just shears itself off the fat. The knife is so sharp. It's fucking so easy to use. Yeah, that's a P. Um, I mean, it's not something that I don't think people have, but I am also a big. I use tongs of hunch to like flip things, you know, yep. And I'm fine with that. It's a tongs. You have to have, but they have to have, there's a tricky thing. They're usually either plastic or metal. And I use them over extremely hot things. So I need the part that my hand is on to be temperature control. So another right issue. There's a person. Yeah, right. There are there are a lot of things. My one of my big things is that if I go to like say an Airbnb or, you get like a hotel room that has a full kitchen or, you know, I would go stay at my mom and dad's house for the weekend. I would always think my frying pan is way fucking better than these frying pads. As I always had like the big, like the 14 inch high edge, oh, pretty new like I can buy a new one every six months. So it's like super non-stickier egg whites just fall out. Yeah. Like you just that sort of thing. I a pan like that. I fucking, I'm like, I'm very snobby about my frying pan. It's a valid point. I have a pan that we only use for eggs, because it is so slippery, and I swear to god it's not good for other things. I'm like, just stocks for this other shit. You know, I'm like, I'm, because I like to make fake fried rice, with like just soy sauce and you know, put a little egg or like, cook it to a crispy, that piece is actually bad. It's no good. Fake fried rice. Yeah, because I don't really think that's delicious. Told you, I like my food to taste good. There's one thing, author, when in that is glass storage containers. Oh, yeah. I don't like plastic storage containers. They weigh a lot, but they're worth it. The quality, the taste of the food, even the next day. If you put that in plastic, it's going to change. Well, Ron does the same. I've seen him. Yeah. We used to work there. You always had glass containers. Yeah. Yeah. I always used glass containers. And big on that. Funny about that. That was actually something that my mom was doing that. Like back in the 90s. She was all about the glass containers. My mom was a pioneer. I had it every time. You know, my mom was a little more plastic. Don't waste food. Eat all that shit right now. You're going to waste if you put in the fridge. I'm right. What else we got? Okay. Hey, here's one we've all dealt with, especially me. Tips for leg day nausea. I'm eating 90 minutes out. I'm only using half the pre-workout that I use for other body parts. And I'm just drinking water while I train. What is wrong with me? I keep getting sick after I do quads. Sounds like he's not a good workout for me. That's true. No. I mean, I've thrown up a thousand. A thousand times on leg day. But then you get guys like Ian Valer. Ian Valer says if you're throwing up, there's something wrong. Like you're doing something wrong. Like there's no reason to be puked. So I never threw up once I got in shape. Like once I stopped like earlier in my career, like long before it was even remotely going to be called a career, I puked all the time. But I ate worse and I never did cardio. Once I got into cardiovascular shape, it was never an issue again. But I will say I don't consume a lot of liquid while I'm training either. I drink before I go in and when I'm there, like if I brought a leader in, I'm bringing three quarters of a liter out. I'm for a two hour leg day. You know, so that could be part of my thing. I'm not throwing any of my stomach to get sick with. Yeah, because I easily, yeah. I don't know, it's, I threw up on leg days when I was like in conteshape with really cardio. I just think there's some people, I mean, I mean, a listener here might be able to help us out more. But everyone that I've talked to, they just say, there's a certain blood chemistry that will trigger nausea because of the receptors in your brain that make you want to get sick. And so something that you're doing, like the four straps or something that you're doing is just triggering you to vomit. Hey, buddy. I don't know what he's working at. So yeah, I mean, it's not always, it doesn't always mean that you're out of shape. Some guy, like, I definitely, that's a factor. Like people who come into the gym and they train once, like, I'll put them through one leg workout and they'll throw up. It's like, yeah, that's who's just a shock to your system. And I don't ever mean to make anyone throw up. I try to, like, guide them. You're trying to gauge them. Yeah. Trying to gauge them. But sometimes, you just, sometimes people, maybe they drank too much pre-workouts to and that sort of shit happens. But, um, I think there's a genetic component. There's something going on, it's a sudden people throw up on legal time and other people can train just as hard and not throw up. I don't know. I don't know, something going on. But for nausea, I mean, he's doing all the right things. If he's trying to minimize it, I think that's a good question. Enough information that you knew the things he wasn't fucking up on. Yeah. Yeah. You know, maybe he just needs better cardio. Maybe he's carrying too much weight around. Maybe he's needlessly overweight. You know, he could drop 20 pounds and maybe he's substrolling up. I don't know. But yeah, that's something a lot of, I got a lot of guys go through leg day vomit. What if it has anything to do with the density of the food he's eating? He said 90 minutes, but I know that for me, I can clear food in 30 minutes and be ready to train and not feel like it's coming back up usually. But maybe if I'm a steak or something heavier, the digest slower, maybe a lot of fiber in it that might slow it down. I'm more likely to go hypos in a workout. Like even not using insulin than I am to get sick. Right. So going hypos for you would happen more frequently. Yes. Yeah. Even like I said, not using insulin. That's more of a common thing that I've had to watch out for. And that's one of the reasons like prework or excuse me, intro workout carbs had been a really good thing for me. I could eat like 30 minutes before a really brutal like back day or leg day and still be good. And having those carbs intro would be helpful. Right. It's funny because I, it's very rare for me to go hypos. You know what I mean? But it's used to be super common for me to throw up on leg day. So to watch his own, you know for that over the years for sure. I Scott, supper topic, how is training now? It's getting better. Nice. Nice. You know what I discovered? Wind. I discovered that I was missing a key element. And it's not what I would suggest people should go out and do. But you got married. That helps. You don't even like not living alone. And in this studio 24 or so. But I got a new pre workout the other day. And I took him to do it. I like I tore it up. I went and trained legs at the actual gym gym, not just the basement gym here. It was good man. I was like, I think this was the key element that I was missing all along was a lot of caffeine. I just didn't even meet Jack. I'm so shit. I thought you were gonna say like, I thought you're gonna be like, now this this product which I, you know, I don't get paid to promote or anything. But he uses one ingredient and you were gonna be in like this one. Sure. Yeah. I think this huge difference. I went. We went to vitamin shop and I hadn't been in there for a while. Most of the supplements I buy are just from like true nutrition and that their pricing is really good. But I looked everything over. It was like it was getting to see like, what are the kids taking nowadays? And so I actually asked them. I was like, hey, what's the most popular pre workout you guys are selling now? And I bought a tub of that and I looked at like all the different companies. There's like so many companies out now that if, you know, it's really the market's changed and pre workout was like $50 a tub. So honestly, if I was like a 22 year old kid trying to do bodybuilding, I don't think I could afford that shit nowadays. You know what that kind of price? Right. Yeah. What is up with that? We're gonna have to send you some oil in. I gotta try it. Yeah, I wanna try it. We gotta do, I mean, I wanna hate this. I wanna go online. But because when I was with condemned, that was the only thing I was worried about losing was a pre workout. Yeah. Because I hated the previous. What was it madness? Well, madness was just a little stem scoop. It was just a little concentrated stem scoop. I never liked any of those. Yeah. So I didn't like it. And then they sent it all in. And I actually like continued to use what was left over of my condemned for a while. And finally it was like an arm day. I'm like fuck it. I'm gonna try this. So I took a whole scoop. And A, I knew it was awesome. B, I realized I needed a half a scoop. That's right. We're talking about the F, definitely. Yeah. I was like, holy shit. I do 23rd of a scoop. Yeah. 23rds of a scoop of all in. Is that one of the like the bigger all in one type pre workout? Yeah. It's a whole, literally, nice. Yeah. Full dose of everything. I like that. I do. So good quality, citrline, malle, tonalet stuff. I like that. So, so, but it's 300 milligrams. So I only want about 200 milligrams. That's kind of my workout. The problem is just that I find with the higher dose. It's, I was trying to get tonic caffeine my entire life. But my heart rate in my breathing gets fucked up on back or legs, with the caffeine's too high. So it's got to be just enough to like, okay. We're ready. You know, right. Yeah. We'll get you that though, because you'll also like to taste. So I got to try that. Yeah. Yeah. For sure. Sorry, I do realize again, that's what I do. So, okay, that's the whole point. The goal does, he isn't to go through 20 questions. It's to go through, it's to go through. Look at, we're sure for questions. And you get completely sidetracked with, with, with nonsense. Yeah. That's the thing. No, but I had a really good one that I wanted to say earlier. And then I remembered we were not going to show you that. Ah, there we go. This is a good one. Most valuable thing that you learn on your entire bodybuilding journey. I like this one. I like these neat ones. Scott is so frozen. I thought he was fucking a beautiful, so that was wild. You're not getting out of this, Scott. Yeah. I don't know. How cliche is this answer going to be? Go. How cliche, how cliche is what I'm about to say? I don't know. I just got to be something in there about like, you know, living your life on your own terms. That was something that I had to sort of like embrace to the bodybuilder. You know, like I remember being kind of aware that it was always weird and it wasn't normal. Everybody, everybody was like, that's not normal. What are you doing? Like I always knew it was like abnormal. So I had to get used to that. But I think that kind of embracing that and accepting that I was doing something that wasn't normal. It also, I think it generally made me more open to other people that were also sort of cultural rejects as well. Like, you know what I mean? I always thought I was like a really tolerant and like, oh yeah, that's really fucked up, but do you think buddy? You know? I was always kind of one of those people and it was because I sort of thought that what I was doing was like, eat it. It's so weird and you know, not normal and people probably saw it like through all these different stereotypes and all that sort of stuff. So I, you know, that probably shaped me quite a bit as a person. But that's an interesting thing to maybe wonder how bodybuilding affected me that way. But I'd say like just the goal setting is probably the most valuable thing. Like okay, like I have to do this on this day. Right. And you think about it like for a 21 year old kid to set a goal like that, like it's pretty aggressive like my first show, you know, like, okay, I'm going to do, I'm going to do all this work and then I'm going to like drive to this other city. I'm going to throw myself into this competition with who knows is going to show up. Like it was a real like uncertain like thing, you know, but you just do it and you have to, you have to just do your work and accept the consequences. You have no idea what lies ahead. You know, who's showing up all that sort of stuff. So like that's good for you. You know, a lot of people hesitate so much because they're afraid of that. What's the outcome going to be? Yeah, with bodybuilding, man, he can hesitate at all. He just have to bust your ass and go. You know, agreed. Well, you've got. Well, you know, I knew I had a pretty good feeling. I wasn't going to be a pro bodybuilder early on, which was probably a good thing to have realized, you know, but at the same time, I still felt like, you know, I had really been into photography for a really long time and gone to school for that work in that industry and got burnt out of it. And when I discovered bodybuilding, I realized like, you know what, I can, I only have so much time in this world to really go all in on so many different things in life. And you know, and I felt like it was worth exploring. So I thought, I thought, you know, it might limit me from seeing other learning other things, but it'll allow me to explore this one thing at a really intricate level. And I think that being able to find something you can do that with teaches you a lot, you know, and for sure. It's evolved, you know, because because I think it's early on, I really enjoyed the, like, the quote unquote, suffering, you know, in dieting and stuff. I really enjoyed like how much can I handle kind of feeling. It's evolved because now it's just like pure joy, you know, the last prep I had was just like pure joy that I'm able to do this and could afford to do this and have the know how and the health and all that. So I, I guess, you know, the biggest thing is probably like the, like you're saying, Ron, you know, it kind of it built confidence. We're able to do all those things you're talking about to me was able to give me confidence and then getting in recovery and discovering all these things I realized like, I could apply that to any area of my life, which I, you know, then I did. And it's, it's definitely been to my benefit, you know, I'm not great. It's awesome. I would say, um, the, this, the blanket answer for me is, it's almost a piggyback off of what Ron said, which is it was the first thing that I, that I knowingly in life and I wouldn't say it's first time I did it was first thing I knowingly did where I had a goal, had a date and worked backwards and came up with a plan on how to achieve that goal. And had to work every single day towards that goal, obsessively. And as you get older, you realize that that's literally everything you do and want to own a new house and you have no money in the bank. And you know, you need 10% down how long is it going to take, how much is the house going to cost you work backwards and you start saving or doing what it is you need to do. And I find that that practice is what a lot of people don't do. A lot of people have dreams, not goals. And if you have a goal, you do that. You say, okay, well, when, okay, how long is it going to take? Okay, now that I know when that's going to be that the goal is what do I have to do to make that happen? And if you implement that just like you do a show, it happens. I mean, so far, I haven't had a goal that I chased with that kind of focus that I didn't get. And Roddy really taught me that. It was really, it's really that simple. It's cool. You know, and then the only other dish I was going to say which Ron used the terms a lot, but I found that everyone does, which is reps. Like that is something that is alive and also every person I've ever known who's successful and something. I've even heard people in other nine sports and other professions use the word reps. And I'm like, yeah, it's the thing. Like, yeah, they're doing them too. And I think that when you have that in the most basic form, it makes it so clear that everything that we learn from bodybuilding is beneficial or can be. And I told the stroke kid just recently, and I said, you have two options with bodybuilding. It will either enhance every area of your life or ruin it, your decision. Right. And I think it really can. And I sadly, I feel like more people let it ruin it, but that's just my opinion. Those good. I got a good one here. Shoot. This at first I was going to skip it. And I was like, oh, wait a minute, this could be interesting. What are some tips for the just the average girl wanting to get into gym to look better? Like suffisiques, like how the figure girls look, but just wants to get into the gym. Tips for training the average girl to gym that wants to look better. I mean, well, first thing would be, I feel this isn't just women, this is everyone. I think that the most people when they go into a gym, they have no idea what the body's capable of, and they don't train hard enough to get a result. There has to be a hard enough stimulus for your body to have a response to need to change. And I think that that's an area that most people are lacking. I see a lot of people in the gym and unlike most, I don't laugh at them. I feel bad because I'm like, they don't know what they're doing isn't enough. And they're here every day. I can see that, you know, so I feel like that's the first step is helping people understand the amount of effort that they should put in to make that happen. Because if they have that mindset, like you just said, they want to, they're halfway there. They just need to know. Right, you know, so that'd be my first thing would be understanding what the effort needs to look like. One thing that I think is a good tip is, I can't remember who told me this. But you know, when you first get someone in the gym lifting weights, it's not like you can push them to maximum intensity right away because they're going to have the form down. Yeah, they're learning how to squat. They're learning how to move dumbbells. They're dumbbell pressing with like 15s. You know, they're just getting things moving. But he said it's important to find something, anything that they can do with maximal intensity if possible and make sure you integrate it in. So let's see, you get someone who's new to weight training, but they can sprint on the bike. And make sure you put some bike sprints in the program because part of what you're doing is teaching them to train hard. I like that. Like it doesn't matter. Don't overthink what they're able to go hard on. Just make sure there's something in there that goes hard and kicks their ass. Because you want them to kick their own ass in the gym and it'll leak into the other stuff. Yeah, yeah, so maybe someone's like new to squatting. So they're squatting at 25 pounds per side and they're just making sure their form's good and you know, you don't want to push them to failure and they collapse under the bar and fucking you know what I mean. But they can get on a bike and they can really fucking crank out some reps because maybe they use to play some sports, right? So just make sure there's something you can really go hard on and try to integrate it in there. And I think that that's important and would be for women too. But I think the main things you want to do with with with not just women but you know, newbies in general is, is you want to get them moving their bodies through full range of emotion. You got to get them squatting. You got to get them comfortable with barbells and it's not that free weights are magic but for beginners they certainly are foundational. You got to get them squatting. You got to get them doing some dead lifting, understanding how their body works, moving through those big movement patterns. You know what I mean? So you don't take a new girl and put her on like, you know, single iron bicep curls and single leg, you know hamstring curls and and take she's going to get the body she's looking for. You got to get her moving, you know, as much stress to the body as you can put into an efficient program. That's my thing. I like that. What's next? That's E does to looks like he's got another one. No, I'm scanning for for more here but here's an important question. You got real big legs. Boxes are briefs. Oh wow that's easy. Neither. Boxes are briefs. Because I need them to come down my leg. I need them tight so they don't ride up on my legs rub together. Briefs is impossible because legs rub together. But I actually just wear the compression shorts that under armor works. Those are underwear now. Very expensive underwear, by the way, but I don't like my legs to rub. Good sucks. And you. Well definitely not like baggy boxers like cotton like like boxer shorts. I've never owned a pair of boxers shorts in my life. I like the, you know, the, I guess you call them boxer briefs. Like the, the better bodies ones that go down your legs a little bit there. Yeah. Yeah. Those ones are awesome. I do have some briefs. They're fine. I got some sacks, you know, whatever brand that is. It's fancy. It's those fancy sacks briefs and boxer briefs. But yeah, no baggy boxers like you. It did always tell when the radio turned down or his buying is underwear and it's from sex. He invited himself. No fucking what the radio. The guy's been down. He's been down. He's been down. He's been down. He's been down. He's been down. So I should get to wait with turning the radio down once in a while. He's irritated. He's like, man, these are nice. I'm mad at you for doing that, but you buy my underwear. You know, what do you think Scott? Boxer briefs. No question. I'm grateful that I don't have to walk as much as I did for work in the past because my legs would shave in the summertime. Like a mother fucker and it was the worst. I can't imagine you're you're whole you must have been sweating before you even got to work. Oh yeah, when you're just humidity. Did you change shirts during your shift? It was your doing. No, no, no, no, you didn't have that kind of time that kind of luxury. It was just like training the whole day. You just feeling you're in the you know it was like that. The the perspiration of training, but like all day. All day. Did you ever wear long sleeves during in the summer? I'm pretty sure. No, we we were allowed to start wearing, you know, we were allowed to wear shorts. And so I would start and I would like to shorts because they were cooler. So I would start wearing shorts like is early in the season as I could, you know, and as late into the fall, it's like almost Christmas time and I'm still rocking the shorts, you know, because it was easier. Yeah, I used to wear when I tinted windows, I wore shorts, but I actually wore long sleeve t-shirts because they'd get wet. So it was cooler to have a wet shirt. I mean, I was wearing time button ups. It was a t-shirt, but it was like a 50-50. It actually felt cooler because I wasn't in the sun like direct to the sun. And I was like, this is actually cooler than the other options. Just put like a big two X, three X shirt on and sometimes I even had like polo shirts that were thinner and you get like three X one of those and just like you just swim in it and it felt more comfortable that way, you know, and then my goal would be like just keep getting bigger until you fill this thing out. And I would walk around work just like eating my food and stuff because there's no managers like when you go to a grocery store, your managers not there. The grocery store managers are there and they're like, hey, you know, yeah, this is what you got to do today, you know, just let me know, sign this thing before you go. I'm like, all right, and then I go and buy some food and I'm like walk it around, just eat and go in the bathroom to take some insulin, you know, listen to Ron, I would listen to Ron's podcast while I was doing that, you know, oh, that's so fun. It's good. Then go take a break. You need some, you my, my next meal. Right. Text card on Saturday to like tell him like, yeah, drink six ounces of water, you know, need a rice cake before you get on stage. Yeah, that would suck. All right, that's funny. I'm getting all the life questions this time. So those are good. All right, here's another one. How do you deal with major adversity in life? Just fucking go like this and just fucking get in there. I mean, it has to be dealt with so you just take it head on. Agreed. I don't know. I'm trying to keep your life. I guess another thing as I try to keep my life as normal as possible through adversity. I think some people and obviously life throws you curve balls. I understand that your life comes apart sometimes. I mean, it happens to everybody. But you really do have to try to keep it together. Almost to the level of like living in a little bit of denial. I think that's actually a good thing. Like, you know, like you just like, not fucking keep this together. Training it for 30. I'm going to be on time. My training partner doesn't even need to know this. Happened. I'm not going to show up and, you know, spit into his ear. Although that's training partners are sometimes four. That's very important role that training partner can help you with. But you just, you know, you try your best to like just keep together, keep life taking away. I got my business meeting. I'm not going to, you know, not going to let on. You know, there's a little bit that, you know, Bill Bird talks about pushing the motions down until they just come out all over your family at Christmas. I think that you do that with your adversity too. You just fucking kind of just just choke it down and just try to keep your life together. I don't know. Focusing on the routine, which I guess goes to back to what bodybuilding is taught us. Focusing on keeping the machine moving, keeping all the moving parts moving and keeping the process happening has been how I've gotten through everything difficult in my life. Yes. That's probably the better answer than the one I actually gave for the question, because I just kind of didn't even put this question. I found a couple things basic. First being, I think a lot of people spend a lot of time focused on the problem. That's a thing. And I don't like, for me, the problem is the problem. So, fuck the problem. What's the solution? What are you going to do? I really do think there's a lot of mental masturbation spending a lot of time romanticizing how they wish life could be. But it's not because this and then in they spend weeks and months thinking about how they wish it was and it's not. Same thing with relationships or whatever. And at the end of the day it's like, it's not. Shut up. What are you going to do? What are you going to do? Like that to me, and it's not meant to be like it sounds like, oh, I'm hard. It's not at all what it is. It's just it's a fact. That is what it is like, go. And the other thing that I was going to also say is, I've definitely learned that all the hardships that I've had weren't always hardships. Like they felt like it in the moment and then you get to the other side and you get to the thing that that you had to go through to be there and you're like, oh, that's why I had to go through that. So I was ready for this. I've really found that nothing is really what I think it is in the moment. Yeah. Like sometimes there's great things that are happening to me. And like that was fucking amazing. And then the bottom falls out from it. You're like, oh fuck, that wasn't good at all. But you had to go through that as well. So to me, the answer is nothing is really a bad thing. It's just, okay, what are we doing next? How do you handle the next step? I actually just saw a thing in the day and it's like, if I walked out to my car, my truck and the gym parking lot today, it was on fire. I got to get home and then we would go to dinner and we would enjoy dinner and I guess tomorrow I'd buy a new car. Like all the insurance company and like, yeah, I mean, there's nothing to that's done. There's nothing to worry about with that. And I think obviously that's very simple because it's an object. But people do try to do that with relationships and things. I mean, you know, if my business partner stabs me in the back today, fuck, that's done. Okay, what am I going to do? And I really think if you get right to the, okay, what am I going to do? You'll be a lot better off. I used to tell employees all the time when they'd come with me with problems. They'd start talking like, oh, what's a solution? They'd go, I don't know, go, well, then come back when you have one. Right. I don't give a fuck about your problem. What's the solution? When you come back with that, now we can talk and maybe I'll help you with an even better solution, but don't just dump it on me. Fuck off. Right. Right. I've seen that. I've seen people in, you know, nutrition clients because you know, it can be difficult to get the, that your logistics down for getting all your meals in during the day. And I've met some people that will focus on the things that they can't do versus focus on the things that they can do. And I think if you, if you do try to, and it affects you, you know, if you're just like, oh, man, I can't do this. I can't eat at this time. It's like, all of a sudden, you're looking at like all these limitations in your life versus that opposite. And I think I can do that sometimes, too. I can catch myself and be like, wait a second. Just because I can't do this, doesn't mean I, you know, I can do all this. This, this and this. So yeah, I was fine, interesting. We have the opposite. I got the other day. He's been climbing for probably a year and a half. We've done a couple of shows all this shit. He goes, oh, hey, so I'm, I'm thinking about competing again in November. And I'm retiring in August, which would be nice because I'll no longer have that four and a half hour commute a day. This is the first I've heard of this four and a half hour commute that you have every day. It made me laugh. I didn't even talk to him about it. I was just like, we've done shows. And I've filled you with cardio, eating, posing, you know, posing with candy, doing all the shit and he is never mentioned it because it's not my fucking problem. And he has to find a way. But I just thought it was so impressive because I'm like, we got to him. That's a chunk of your day. Yeah. Then you got an hour and a half a training an hour of cardio. Then I'm like, I told him like that's I'm impressed. I didn't even know you had that. I mean, I'm assuming, you know, so it's shocking because like you said, Scott, I'll have people that tell me the opposite. I got called in earlier today. I wish, I guess I can't do cardio on him. I'm like, how do you later? Do you want to have your word? Oh, the gyms close. Walk down the goddamn street. I don't know. Yeah. Living a bad neighborhood. Carry a gun. Exactly. You should have too. I don't know what to tell you. Funny. What did your turn? Your turn? Yes. Well, here's kind of an interesting one. It's, we could talk about this. What do you think about TRT forever? No cycles ever never coming off? I love it. I love TRT. Yes. Well, I really disagree. That's what TRT is. I mean, the only thing that's, that's the thing that's why I thought we should discuss it. Like people throw around this term TRT and they don't understand that that's what TRT is supposed to be for. It's test replacement therapy. The only thing that will change is over time, your blood work will determine if you need last or more. It's not always more. And that's why you don't guess. I think what's interesting. It's funny. You said that wrong because I had that question last year. I didn't even bother to answer. It was like I said, what do you think about anodrol with anti-RT? I'm like, it's not TRT. It's like a anodrol. Yeah. I'm like here. And I think that's like it's really funny. Before you'll get the guy that's like, I'm just doing 400 million of TRT. I'm like, that is not what it means. Yeah. You're only time testing. You only have high fucking goals. So I did see one guy showed me blood work. He was taken 250 migs a week, which is pretty high TRT. You're like probably not in normal range. But his test levels. So his total test was slightly above range. Right. But his bio-available and free test were below the middle of their range. Because he had really high SHGB. Right. That's six hormone binding globular. It was his was like right at the top of the range. So it was binding up a lot of his test. So it's like interesting when you see someone on 250 a week and they're actually their free test is actually very middle ground. But that's where he's the other guys on. Yeah. Yeah. It's where your blood work comes out. That's where you have to have you have to know. Yeah. Where do you get someone else on 100 a week in their their free test is like above normal range? Like way up there. Yeah. So that's all when you bring in your your supplements. That's the thing is if you don't know that right and you're still not feeling good because you're in your blood work. Yeah. Oh, I must say 350 it's like no you need borough. Right. You need something to free up here. I think you be or you know lower it. I mean lower your SHGB or something like that. Yeah. Some of your effects free test alone. It doesn't need me. You need more tests that I won't bind any less just because it's to take more. So yeah. I get asked a lot like how often did I go off? Because I'm everyone kind of you know, I'm kind of an old school guy. We used to go on and off. Yeah. And I went off all the way up until I was 39 years old. Right. That was the first time I ever bridged a cycle with a cruise like a like what we would call cruise dose. Yeah. And I remember I did 200 milligrams a week for 16 weeks. So it was four months. And that was the first time I ever cruise. But I was 39 already. So it was a lot of coming off before that. Right. I think people are more afraid of coming off than they need to be. And again, technically, if you get into the science of it, if you're not going to be off for like a year, you are better off to bridge as they say. I think we healthier. Like it's it's all in your body. Yeah. All the same bad shit that happens you know too much gear, you know, can happen when your test is too low. Like your cholesterol can go to shit, your estrogen levels. Can you get messed up? You know, like a whole bunch of stuff can go off out of whack by being low test for a long period of time too. But I did find when I got sick last year. Obviously, they weren't injecting me shots to the month in the hospital. I didn't get back on anything for the month afterwards. And so when I got my first blood work, I was actually shocked because obviously I've been running shit for 15 years. Well, levels were great. I didn't feel terrible. I really was really surprised. I was like, you know, I think my test was at like 650 at that point. It was eight weeks off. And I was like, that's just that's just lingering. So that's just lingering. So that's just, that's just lingering. So that's just lingering. So that's just lingering. So that's just lingering. Well, well, maybe Matt was giving me shots while I was in. He's like, I didn't take any shots while I was on there. I took three grams of sustan on the day I went in. But why do I might be there for a while? I know how my test levels were back to normal yet. Yeah, it was surprising though because I actually was like, wow, I don't feel like deaths. You know, plenty other than being weakest. Whatever you front loaded. Yeah, go back to last show. Front loaded for the surgery. I knew it was current loaded for the coma. Front loaded for the coma. You gotta be ready at all times. You never know. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. I'm curve. What do you think Scott? You got anything there? I don't have anything. I might at this point I'm along for the ride basically. You're here to answer the questions with better answers than Ronald. I'll go to the kids. What the? One week in the rest. No. Is there are there any hobbies that you wish you would have taken out and you just never? Yes. A million. Yeah. I don't think I need a more time at this day on this. Yes. Absolutely. I think that's the one. Okay, that's my one sense of regret. But I have been obsessive about things my whole life. Like when I played hockey, it was all I did. Yeah. Right. I played as much as I could play any time, any place. I can get ice time. I'm in Street hockey done. When I was bodybuilding, it was the same. I was very obsessive with that. So now, like, even something as simple as a hobby I'm taking up is traveling. Actually, going to see things do things. You know, Ron was really good about that. But like when I was in prep, I really didn't go do a bunch of other things. Some of it was financially limited. But like, I've probably done more in the last year than I've done in the six, seven years before that as far as going to concerts, doing things. But I always thought a learning guitar or something would be awesome because it seems like it would be very hard for me. Like, when I see a very basic, like someone learning guitar, I'm like, oh, my fingers wouldn't want to do that. Yeah. You know, so I think that would be fun, very, very challenging, you know, something like that. I've been running a lot of guitar lately because I bought, you know, I bought a couple and I also got this, this really cool little micro amp. It's called, because I have an condo, right? So like, and sometimes I'm playing at night, like Emily actually goes to bed and then I go sit in the office and jam. So it's like, it has to be headphones, right? Okay. Yeah. So I got this so micro amp. And what you do is you plug your headphones into it and then you plug it into your guitar. So, you know, you hit your guitar and it comes out your headphones. But then you blew two through your phone to the micro amp and you play an album. The album comes in your headphones and you play along with the album. So it's exactly what every person has ever done. Every kid who had a rock and roll dream sat by his record player back in the day and jam to Led Zeppelin records, had to figure out that the records aren't perfectly in tune every time. So you got to, why doesn't this sound quite right? Because when they recorded it, they were a half step down. So you got a tune, you're guitar, a half step down. I'll get no sounds right with the, you know, like, you got to figure all the kids that went through all that, like all the musicians that I love. They all did that. They all sat in front of their record players and tried to play along. And you tried to turn the amp to just the right volume and the record player to the right volume. So it sounds like you're playing with the band, you know? And I used to do that when I would jam try to learn a bunch of songs. I'd try to get my skill up. I'd put five songs on a playlist and I'd try to play along with all five of them perfectly, you know? But now I can do it all with this little, I don't even need an amp. You don't even need your actual amp. You just fuck it. Just put this little toy in your guitar and plug your headphones into it. Let's create these stuff. And it's like 150 bucks. Oh wow, it's cheap. That's cool. So yeah, and then you can also run a run a USB cord from the little micro amp into your computer and you can record it all in garage band. Oh, nice. Oh, nice. That's after. That's bad. So it's just really cool. So I'm having a lot of fun with that. But I always thought like I sometimes wish I would have played enough guitar that I would have been good enough to like, you know, like there was this blues bar that was down the street for me for a long time when I had to have a ten. And they would have like jam night. Every Sunday would be like jam night. And just anyone could go down there with their guitar and all the blues guys were just jam and together and you'd get up and plug in and play for a while and then you unplug and go sit down and have a beer and someone else would go up with the drummers and everyone to just be jam and together and have fun. But those guys are like good, you know. Yeah. And you're rolling and they're not going to fuck you or do it. Yeah, like, you know, I roll in there with my tender vonna songs and my 10 AC DC riffs and everyone and there's like a blues player and just fucking rip, you know, like they're not going to want me around, right? So so I always wish that was good enough to go down on those nights and just like be one of those dudes. It's just like that the people that go to comedy clubs and they put their name on the list and they said, yeah, like I admire those people. Oh, for sure. Something else. So I'd say maybe stand of comedy with something that I was wish I would have done when I was young and dumb enough to just let my self get buttured. You know. Yes, that's a hard one. I don't think I only people realize the difference between being funny in person and being a comedian. Yeah. Yeah. That was a wrong to do with those. He's got the storytelling down. He can lead you down a pass. We could comment to all the time about how they people like your storytelling around. Oh, wrong. It was a well story story. I remember one time I was with these guys in Australia. There was my buddy Chris who was used to grow all this weed. He was like a surfer and he was, hey, we're going to do a comedy club. You should come with this. And I was like, oh, sure, I'll go. So I went and there was like one other bodybuilder that came with me and then him and then some of his friends and his friends were like crazy surfer party Australian guys. Yeah. Right. And we went to this we went out and we had a I had a one out of beer with them and I remember some chicken fingers as you do and then we went to this comedy club. And I remember thinking like we got to the comedy club and I remember thinking, holy shit, this place is like dump. Like this is a dump. It's not big. It's just a fucking dingy little hole. Yeah. And people were getting up and like it was kind of funny. A couple of guys were funny, but you know, we were we were smoking weed and we were, you know, just being goofy. And I was just telling this sitting in the chair talking to the guys and then the another comic would come on and we watch him and it was pretty funny. And then all of a sudden the one dude that was with us just like walks on the stage. No kidding. It's a bitch talking on the mic. I guess he put his name on the list. I didn't even say anything. Yeah. And I look at Chris and I'm like, what's he doing? He goes like, he goes up once in a while. Like it was nothing. No kidding. And he just got up there and told this funny story about he told story about shit in his pants or something and everyone was laughing and stuff and they just comes down grabs his beer and he's like, hey, you guys ready to go? And I remember sort of thinking like that was fucking cool. You just got up there and like ran the room for five minutes. Yeah. And you didn't bomb. You actually did all right. You know, if anything, we were heckleam. And you're telling your friends the screw over. Yeah. And I just remember thinking like, oh shit, like I don't know the balls for that. I'm gonna get up there and my underwear maybe if I'm in shape. But yeah, that's fine. Totally fine. Yeah. I just that had an impression on me. So I was at my or that. That would have been a cool thing to get into. You're sure. You too old to do this at this point now. That's the now. Absolutely. Now your judgment's completely lost. Yeah, we can't put it up. Yeah, we can't put it up. You have all the best stories. Oh God, there is no. And that's cute. That's classic. Where we at? That would be good. I'd like to see Dusty do five minutes. I would. I'd like to see there. You guys do five minutes. That would be good. If Ron did five minutes, they'd want ten because they'd realize like, how does this guy's got an act for this? I'm I push Ron into this eventually, actually. Yeah, after watching, I was I watched a few videos from that awakened with JP guy the other day. I watched that yesterday. I have to say that to do what he does, it has to take a certain level of intelligence. Like he's a smart dude. Yeah, he don't know his mark. You're manipulating the humor and the satire curve just right to stay on brand the whole time. He's really good at it. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, I appreciate that. Yeah, I feel like it has to be really self-aware. Yes, really self-aware because they have to like, yeah. I feel like broken, really brought to our attention. Like as a society, like the art of comedy because he's been doing talking for years about, you know, like I remember I used to listen to him a lot and I remember him talking about like what happens when you bomb, you know, what happens when you just get shit on stage and what that whole experience is like, what do you say about it? They just said, you know, it's like, I mean, you just have to get there's nothing you can do and you're up there and it's like your worst nightmare kind of thing and it starts happening and there's nothing you can do and all you can do is just sit there and take it and go through the process. Yeah, yeah, yeah, it's hard to imagine any of those guys ever bombing now that they kind of have their art their craft mailed. Yeah, you know, seems impossible. Even shit in front of a room full of people. Yeah, yeah, both to be the most humbling thing in the world. But like how Rogan says you have to go through it. Like it's like a right of passage, you know? Yeah, you're going to like it's a guaranteed thing that's going to happen, you know? And did you guys ever watch that billber, fili, rant? Do you ever see the fili rant? Hmm. It's, it's a Rogan calls it the greatest one of the greatest performances of all time and there was like a comedy night in Philadelphia and you know, Bill Burr's a Boston comic, right? Right? There was some massive rivalry going on at the time, fili and Boston as there's probably been a bunch of different sports. I don't know. But anyways, Bill Burr went up to do 20 minutes and the crowd was just brutal. Like fucking hated him. And so he just kept taunting them and taunting them. He's like, oh, yeah, you guys are going to heckle me, hey, bunch of fucking one of the only fucking hockey cities that were pants. The fucking 70s. You guys are going to fucking he just starts laying into fili. I, you mother fuckers think, yeah, well, guess what? I got 17 minutes left and I'm doing every last fucking one of them. Like he wasn't going to leave. Like, oh, you guys want me out of here. Do you have fuck you 14 minutes? Let's go. I can do this all day. You and he just starts fucking the crowds turning on him and he's just going for it and then the magic kicks in and like minute 17 starts cheering him. No kidding. It's turning. And he just stays out there. He's like two minutes left. I'm not fucking leaving and he's just fucking giving it to all and they start cheering. He roasted them hard enough that they started loving them. That's cool. And at the end of the 20 minutes, he fucking walks out of stage. And I guess I guess when you watch the video, it's like, it's like funny, but kind of weird. Like his weird set, right? But I guess the real story was backstage. All the other comics were like, Bill Burr's savage. Yeah, the savage is the baldiest fucking guy. Like he didn't give a fuck. They were sitting backstage just like, oh, what's happening out there? That's so cool. But it's on YouTube. So I don't know. I haven't seen it for a long time, but I did watch it a few times. I don't know. Fuck you 17 minutes. There's a long time. I'm not leaving. I'm not leaving. Okay. Well, is that it? Are we good? Thank you. Good. Um, episode 146 is just bodybuilding like, share, subscribe, comment, ring the bell. Ring the bell. Thanks for all the questions. You guys are awesome. Hit the YouTube questions, which we will typically do on the first episode where we would also have our guest. We're going to have a guest that week. And then it looks like we're going to be doing the IG questions on like the second episode. That's a pretty good format that works for us. Hey, cool. Is it next week? We have a guest. Dusty. No, two weeks. Okay. You want to tell, do we want to tell people who we have coming up in a couple weeks here? Great. Yes. I think we should. You know, Scott's idea. So Scott? Well, we have Dusty set it up. We've got Dreia Shaw, who is the Miss Olympia. Yeah. I'm Dreia Shaw and mutant teammate. Exactly. Yeah. Mutants very proud to have Miss Olympia signed to mutant right now. That's pretty cool. I'm Dreia Shaw. Dreia's a coolest girl. She is. She was working the Arnold with us. She was fun to have around. I look forward to doing another expo with her for sure. She's going to win. And she's from Detroit. So she's got some Detroit stories. Detroit. Yeah. She, uh, we'll talk about that. Is there a certain who says Detroit Detroit? Is that an accent that certain people say that's, you know what, Victoria's dad says Detroit. Detroit. Detroit. Detroit. Yeah. Victoria's dead. He's from Vancouver. So. Okay. Maybe it's, I'm just wondering because I hear some people. I hear some people. I hear some people. I hear. Yeah. I think it's a very good idea. I think it might be like a Canadian West Coast thing. They might be because I've never heard anybody else say it in Victoria kind of makes one of them for it. It's like how people from people from Toronto, they say Toronto. Toronto. Toronto. Toronto. Toronto. Toronto. Toronto. Toronto. Toronto. Toronto. Toronto. Toronto. Toronto. Toronto. Do you want to? How are you now? How are you now? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Thanks everybody. Remember it's just bodybuilding.