Hey everybody, welcome to It's Just Bodybuilding episode 75 and we're still alive. I'm here with Dusty Han Shah. We're going to go through some Instagram questions and have some fun on It's Just Bodybuilding. So Dusty, what's your stress level today? It's always zero. Oh okay. Oh okay. I don't believe in stress. I don't stress about things. You can either control or show to your can't and it's really it. Right now I think the dogs are going to have their say in the show today because they're already starting a little war down below me. Yeah. Well, we don't mind a little drop in once in a while. Remember to like, share, subscribe, comment and ring the bell and tell your friends all that stuff. There we go. Even people you don't know tell them to. But you don't know. Just yell at people. And we're in the other side. Just bodybuilding 75 and five. Scott probably has a little graphic come up there and make it look pretty and that's sort of stuff. So we're good. We got all that shit out of the way. Yes. Not even good to the fun stuff. So I heard you have a ring light to make you look prettier, but it's just been sitting in a box next to your desk for how long. Couple weeks. Couple weeks. I'm waiting on the right moment to strike. Right. Because the thing is like I told you earlier like, I'm really, I'm really handsome in the dark. Well, I was wondering if maybe the concern was just you didn't want to change anything. We do what we made to 70 fucking five. Yeah. Yeah. I don't see. I don't see anyone asking for more light on your face. We get some more of Dusty's face. That does not happen. No one's ever like, yeah, like, you know, We'll seem to be unified in the idea that you don't need more light on your face. That's how I feel. I mean, unless they were trying to make the cake a shot. Like, yeah, but let's look at that face. Okay. Okay. So yeah, but we're going to one of these days. Can you hear that? That was an interesting noise. That's that's Donna. She's fierce. Yes. Yes. So, but we have a ton of questions today. And a lot of going on in the world, Mr. So, you know, yeah, I don't know. I don't know anything going on in the world. I haven't watched TV. He's yelling at his dog right now. He hits the mute button. He's very good with the mute button. I suspect that he uses it on his phone a lot too, and he's talking to multiple people. Oh, I definitely do. There you go. Yeah. But I don't use it when I'm doing my Q&A. I just let them become a star of the show. Right. Right. Like, this is my real life. I don't want people to think I got my shit together in any way. Here. Here's a question for you. Here's a question for you. Let's talk about the Q&A's. Yes. I really like the Q&A's. How do you do the Q&A's? Do you just hit reply on that question and then you just slide the question up a bit. So you can fit your big head in and then you just shoot in. You just try to be under 15 seconds on each one or do you film a video? And then lay it out. And now. Okay. Yeah. I do it as the fastest way humanly possible. Yeah. And actually, when you just if you just hit the reply deal, the box is already there. So I just position it. So I'm looking at it the whole time. Yeah. I just the dogs. Yeah. Yeah. I know what you mean. Okay. That's how I do my way possible. Especially because half the time I'm driving or doing other things. So I people definitely know that I don't have time to look anything up because I am in the midst of 77 things while I do that every time. Yeah. Okay. Well now, are you actually driving when you shoot some of those? Are you just sitting in a park car? Not actually moving. Yeah. But I don't look at it. I just like hold it like this because like I don't have a good said. It doesn't matter. I'm somewhere in there. There's no visual consent whatsoever. And not at all like, oh man, I hope they're glistening in my hair. What hair? Jesus. You're just hoping your shirt is pulled down enough. Yeah. Like I try to avoid the wrinkles like this and that's a bit like it. I get situated in my seat belt. I like to move it under my arm. Do you do a rice check? If you got no rice, you do need to be a little cautious of that. And then you got a white logo there. So sometimes you got to give the logo an extra hard look for rice. You're like, oh, damn it. Blends in. Yeah. Between that or, you know, black is dangerous. Good to be. And apparently I have a company now sending me some oils and shit that's supposed to help because I was having a little like look at the dangerous on my shirts. Right. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I know what you mean. You've got to manage that. I know it's tricky sometimes. And you know, it can change on you. It could change on you. You can be using a certain amount of beard oil and some lotion on your face and everything's golden. And then just for some reason one day, you're like, what the fuck? Yeah. It's not a good. It's not a good look to look like you have to handle and you have no hair. So yeah, I got that, but a company reached out and they're like, try our stuff and I was like, okay. So so sometimes if I get that, I just shade my beard off. Oh, so I can't because the number of chins that I imagine are accumulating down here now, it's got to be getting pretty high. And I'm just stuck on it. Oh, God. You know, because how often do this in the gym? But you said you dropped your, it's just not good. I mean, not that it was pretty to begin with, but plus now you can put your mask down around your throat during your set and cover them up even more. Exactly. Because now that we don't have to wear the mask during which makes zero sense, but whatever. Yes. Yeah. I know it's crazy. But I'm just glad I can breathe, but I did find. And I'm going to get a lot of heat for this, but I'm giving shit. So if you go on Amazon, they have these masks that are like under Halloween stuff. Really? Like sparkles and shit on them. But here's the thing, they're actually mesh. Right. So you can breathe. So anybody who doesn't get what the fuck about masks, but likes to follow the rules. Amazon jump over there, breathe the rights. So what I'm calling them. Yeah, you got some sparkles in your face. You look like every other girl on Instagram with their fucking filter. You're like, you're like, I will dead live these two counts with the sequence of my face and feel no pain. Yeah, that's so funny. It's so good. It's so good. Yeah. Yeah. I'm starting to kind of like, I'm starting to kind of like the mass on the odd girl. Kind of like, you're like, playing field. Kind of gives him like a mortal combat look. Like, I don't want to know what's under their first because. Yeah, but didn't there's that little mystery? I think I got a cheese. I mean, you, you know, it's like you think it could look like Janet Jackson, but maybe it was like Freddy Jackson once the mask comes off. You never know. Got a watch set. Shit. Eyes can be tricky. I mean, even I have decent eyes. I mean, think about that. Lost to connect. A lot of connection for the second day of the city. I saw you kind of paused out. I was laughing at your Jackson joke though. Thank you. It's very key. So what is what's going on in the in the Vancouver world? Lots of rain, porn fucking rain. Pretty much for like, I don't even know when the last time I saw like sky. Awesome thing. Yeah, it's, uh, yeah, it's been a while. It's, I, I, I often when I first moved out here. I was like, oh, the name of the season is from January to like April season is called season is called Blade Runner. It's like the weather in that movie is just raining a pocket-lipped crane just non-fuck and stop that whole movie. And it just reminds me of that. You know, I think this is where they filmed Blade Runner. So I live in the future. I live in a bleak, desolate dystopian future. Yes. And that was even before the mask and the quarantine. So imagine the effect it has out here with all the rain, too. I'm sorry. I came, I definitely not making light, but I cannot imagine me with my already weird issues with weather. Then quarantine. Vietnam. Yeah, because you're, you're stuck at home with gorgeous weather all the time. So you get to like walk out the backyard and like, yeah, and there's no. There's no, actually yesterday I had a, had a real predicament. Took the dogs to the park and it was a little hot because the sun was really blaring on me in January. And I'm like, shit, it's hot. I wasn't prepared. That's the kind of intimidating stuff that goes on here. Sun in your eye. You can never forget your sunglasses. Right. It's not good. Do you want to know something funny? I don't even own sunglasses. I feel like I'm dead serious. I don't have a pair of sunglasses. I haven't had a pair of sunglasses for like, I don't know. I got my car detailed. Like it was like two years ago and the guy accidentally broke my sunglasses. Right. And I didn't even care. Is it gone? I live here now. So it's okay. Yeah, it's just funny. You know, I don't know. That's just it's so strange. But I should probably buy a pair because probably good for you to wear them. I don't know. Yeah, it's funny. But actually the light that hurts my eyes the most is what you guys have that. When it's kind of gray, not raining, but bright, but gray outside. You know, I'm talking about right. I know what you mean. That should actually hurts my eyes. So I wear sunglasses and it's completely unwarranted for. Brightness apparently, but that's as I don't need them here until we have that weird ass day. You know, which by the way, not so subtle segue. Your questions people asking you yesterday about what you missed about being a bodybuilder. Yeah, that was fantastic. And I think I think you need to expand on that just to hair here for me. Oh, because I was I was digging the. What you enjoyed most. Um, and kind of what you missed and that kind of stuff. I think a lot of people you get to that point. Like, what are you doing your quote, don? Because you've been chasing a goal for three decades. Right. So so give give everybody who didn't watch that a little a little idea on that. That was good. Fuck, well, I hope I remember what I said. You know, you could tell me what you feel today. I'm not sure how how perfect I'll get it. I don't quite remember everything, but I remember it all. So I'll jump in. Well, I, I, I, the question was, um, what do you miss the most about. Competing your competing days or whatever. Yeah. And I said, I, I think what I missed the most was, um, like just the free being part of being a freak, you know, like, I mean, how many people get to go to the gym and and just fucking unleash, like, the crazy shit that, you know, we had to do like, you know, put in seven, eight plates on the hack, all the fucking time and loadin up the leg press and using 160 pound dumbbells on the and client. I know lots of guys have better numbers in this, but in my, in my life, that was like, those were big numbers, you know, dead lifting 500, dead lifting 5 to 600 pounds all the time for reps, squatting 5 plates aside, a fucking million times for sets, you know, like just training heavy and hard and going fucking all out and being 325 pounds and not just like, that it, it's like a rush, you know. I mean, you're essentially, we all get pulled into it. I, well, I think a lot of us get pulled into it, you know, like, comic books, pro wrestling, all the influences, terminator movies, you know, like all the influences that I had, growing up was all kind of like, you kind of trying to be a bit of a superhero in a way, right? And you're, you're just trying to be like, you are trying to be, essentially, I don't know how lost it is now, but back then, you're kind of trying to like be more than human, right? Like it was like a real extreme mindset, like you're like, like, like, I don't want to, you know, I don't want to be normal, like it was, you want to be so fucking not normal that it's just obvious to every single person you encounter that there's nothing normal about you, you know, like, that's kind of was part of the drive back then. And then dieting for the contest, like, I mean, yeah, like there's all this stuff that's tough, but that's like, like, I don't look back on any that stuff and really remember the tough shit vividly, right? Just remember that it was tough, right? Like I remember how tough it was. I remember the conversations I had, I remember the, you know, blah, blah, blah, blah, but, but I only really focus on the good stuff, like the satisfaction of accomplishing goals and like seeing new striations on your quads when you're dieting and seeing the glutes coming in and walking on the treadmill and pinching the skin on your glutes and going, fuck, it's coming, it's coming and just like, that sort of like, insane drive. Like I remember walking on the treadmill in the morning, you know, at the gym, pinching my glutes. And then wondering, I'm like, and actually the mindset was, okay, tonight, when I go for my nighttime walk, they're going to be thinner. Right. That's how I'm going to get fucking leaner. Yeah. You know, or you pinch the glutes in the night when you're doing your night time walk and you're like, okay tomorrow morning in the gym, they're going to be thinner. Like just that sort of like obsessive focus, like how many people pinch the skin on their glutes, but I probably pinch the skin on my glutes like a million times. And was just driven by little things like that and, and yeah, I don't know. That's, that's the, you know, that when you have that in saying of this and that in saying level of structure, life is so fun when it's simple like that. Right. This fucking giver and going all out and yeah, it's, it's fun. So yeah, I mean, you know, I miss that, but you just find other, other things to focus on in other ways to, you know, sort of, you know, satisfy those, those, you know, requirements in you, you know, you're, it's my inside my broken damage humanity. There's a desire to be something more than normal, which is kind of always been there. I mean, it's why I did tricks on BMX bikes when I was a kid and did and eat moguls and, you know, and so there's always something that I want to do different. So you just, I have to have something that I'm doing different. And yeah, for a long time, competing was like, fuck, a pretty big one to take on, you know. That's, that's why I asked because so when I was listening to him last night, it kind of hit me that I wished. I had heard some of those things when I was just getting into it because I think one thing that a lot of athletes don't do well is take that minute when they're in the midst of it all and be like, holy shit, like this is my life, like, right in it, you, in, in, in, in, in, in regardless of if you're making money or doing whatever like, you're literally doing exactly what you want to do by choice. Yeah, and I feel like that gets missed sometimes. I mean, I know for me because it's always, I'm like, you, I'm chasing the thing and I wish in hindsight, I would have sat back every now and then and said, wow, you know, because you know how it is when you were doing all of those numbers in the gym, I don't really, I don't think about it. Like, I've never sit in the gym going, I, like, there's no one in there's all of the trains like I do, but I still don't think about it. Yeah, I know what you mean. It's just what you do. And now in hindsight, I'm like, when I look back at some of those really brutal preps, I'm like, man, I wish I would have soaked that up just a little more because, like you said when it's done, the pain is like, what made it so much better. Like looking back and like I kept going and, no one made me. You know, and you know, the funny thing is, is I, I look back sometimes and I like, like, I know it's fucked up because it's just, you know, time fades, right? It fades your memories of it. Like, I wonder if I could have gone harder. And now that's a beautiful thing right there. So there's, so there's something, I don't know if that everyone does that, but that's something. And then another thing too that I do remember this. I remember after I did the story, the one you're talking about, I remember realizing that I hadn't even mentioned the actual competitions. Which is, which is actually something I noticed too, because that was the, I think the base of the questions when you competed, but I feel the same way, like, the shows were literally mile markers for me. The shows were like, like, I don't know, like, I don't think of them when I think of my favorite memories of competing. I don't think of any of the shows really. I mean, obviously if I'm making a list, there's going to be a couple of the wins on there. Yeah. Like, when you win stuff, it's like awesome. But like, they're not, they're not like, what I'm like, oh man, that was that trip to Toronto that year was so awesome. No, it wasn't. It was stressful and hard and exhausting. And I got third that year. And my tan could have been a bit better. And I was a little flat in the morning. So let's move on. That's like if there's a more to ask me a direct question, what's the most memorable part of a prep? Or show I should say? It always goes back to, oh well, you know, Ron came up to my room in Toronto. And we were on the phone, or in Vancouver on the phone with a pseudo or, you know, Chris used to, I used to get a Chris at room right next to mine. Those are joining rooms. In the best part of the weekend was literally fucking off in the hotel room. The entire, like, the show is like, as fine, we knocked it out. But like the amount of memories and conversations and shit that would go on in the rooms. That's what I remember. I remember, I remember, I will say this about you. That day I came to your room for the Vancouver show. So you looked great at that show. Like, you had stride at Glutes and you were 268 pounds. Were you? Like, I mean, people see you and they know you're a big dude and stuff, but you know, like I saw you in your room that day peeled dry, like, you're a big. And you were so, like, it was like you didn't even care. There was a show that day. It was like it was just something we had to go down and do for an hour and then we could come back up to the room. You know, like you were just, I remember thinking he's extraordinarily unenvolved with what's going on. Like you weren't like talking about it or thinking about it. You were like, no, no, no, no, no. I think you were even telling me about, tell me about your bag or something. Like, well, yeah, this is fucking new bag, a goblin. And I just remember thinking like, oh, he's like so calm. It's like even on his mind. So calm, you know. And also, we only looked at you once. Like you, you posed and then you put your clothes back on. And then you didn't strip down again until like five minutes before you put your oil on. Right. So like, you know, most guys are like checking their abs all the time, checking their legs all the time. But you were just so calm because you know, you're at that point. You're like, I'm still the same as I was three hours ago. Yeah. I know, I can just tell you like pinch your skin through your pants and just stay sitting. You know. Yeah. And I just remember how I saw that mindset, you know, like, because I do see guys and I think that some people miss out some of the best part of preparation when it's over. Like, because it's done. I mean, at that point, like, it's literally done. If you've got a good coach or you're prepping yourself properly, you're not swinging for a fence that you can miss. Yeah. Like you just, you know, if they do that day, you ate, you ate like two pop tarts over the course of an hour. And that was all you ate for like three hours before the stage. I mean, just, just finished. And I mean, I remember because that was how it was for my first national little show, too. Yeah. I remember like waiting for it to get like, stressed because I've seen guys do it, you know, and I just realized like, when you've put in the work, it's fun to actually have this conversation with a client. I say, you don't think about it. Yeah. It's the same thing with your prep like, yeah, I have a lot of people that at seven weeks, I was like, you think we're gonna make it? I'm like, don't worry about it. Yeah. Like, all I want you to worry about is executing today. That's it. And if you do that all the way to the show, and I've had shows that didn't turn out as you know, but what I did wouldn't have changed. Yeah. Yeah. You know, since I don't understand the stress of that, the stress component kind of like I said earlier, I don't stress, I just don't believe in it. Yeah. But it is funny. You know, most of the shows I look back on, I did 24 shows. And most of the shows I look back on, and I'm like, eh, because I mean, I didn't win all of those shows, right? Only one like one, two, three, only I think I won four times in my life, right? You know, so, so, you know, the wins were awesome, but all the other shows, I'm like, eh, could've been fuller. Ah, look, really good at that one, but I got a placing it wasn't happy with, right? No, like, so they're just, and I don't think anything else of that show, and it doesn't cross my mind in for any other real value. Right. You know, it's always the training and the drive and the session. And like, I remember going for my nighttime walks, because I did a lot of nighttime cardio before my last meal. Right. So I would, it was very common for me to do a 30 to 40 minute walk outside, like a brisk walk, and then come inside, I need to play the egg whites and go to bed. That was like how I did my perhaps. Right. And like, I'm talking probably most of them had that. That's the nighttime finish. Right. Because it's my routine. So, so anyways, I remember that nighttime walk, like I would, like it didn't matter if it was minus 20. I would put on my winter jacket in my tooth. Right. Didn't matter if it was pouring rain. I just had this big muscular development rain jacket. Right. I would put on. It was like way too big, and it was like long, and I would just walk in that. It didn't matter, like I would just do it no matter what. And I remember like the, it wasn't even about body building. It was like, oh, I'm doing something really fucked up. Right. That that most people wouldn't do. Yeah. And so it wasn't a very strange thing. And I remember there was, there was several times. There was kind of this thing that I used to say to myself. This, this doing cardio like this, like in the pouring fucking rain, or when you don't want to do it, you know, insert your own life circumstance. Yeah. Do it for in the morning because you got kids or whatever, you know, doing that cardio when it sucks is an investment. It has not through the body building. Forget the show, forget getting lean. You're investing in your discipline for the future. So when your, when when life takes you in another path and you're on another venture, you've already done cardio in the rain. Right. Maybe the other guy that owns a business hasn't. Mm-hmm. Right. You've already done the fucking, I walked around the frozen lake in Grand Prairie in minus 20. Celsius, like like you die if you don't have a jacket. Right. And then you're on our walk around the lake for cardio every month. Yeah. Yeah. Until eventually the snow melted and it got warmer. Like I started my prep in January and finished it in May. So it's like, like, that's actually a crazy thought. Like by the end, you're walking that same thing in a, in a, in a, in a pair of shorts. Sure. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's summer. It may be as beautiful. I remember it. I was walking in like shorts and a tank talk for the show shredded. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You just like, you know, I just remember enjoying knowing that I was doing that. Not knowing what it meant and not knowing if it was any more than just a motivational mantra. But, but, you know, I look back on it and I'm like, oh, that was one of the things that I really like. Like I like that feeling. So I'll be doing my walk and I'd be thinking like, oh, the, the difference is here. Like this is the difference. You know, the porn, it's like in rain, right? So, um, so yeah, that's, that's, that's this stuff like when you think, you know, what do you miss a competing? It's like that sort of like, it's a rushed to be like incredibly obsessed with something. Right. You know what I mean? You know, for sure. You know, it's like a good feeling. It's like, you know, something that's like, you know, I don't know. Some people might not like that that feeling. Maybe they don't like being obsessed with stuff that like freaks them out or something. You know, so. Yeah. You know, that word one time with a client actually with, uh, with his wife. And I was like, well, now, now we can get obsessive, you know, and then she got mad at me. Like, I could tell in her response that obsessed was a bad word. Right. Of course, like any good person, I should have not said anything else, but instead, I was like, what do you mean? Here we go. We're doing this. We're doing this. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Because I, I look at it different. Like, I don't know anyone who's who's excellent at anything. It's not obsessive, whether it's being the best fucking soccer mom in the world that's ever seen or Elon Musk. We're obsessive. The greatest mothers I know are obsessive. You know what I mean? Right. Business owners, body builders. They're all a little bit not quite there. Um, and that's why I like you said it, as soon as you got done with bodybuilding, where am I going to put this? Because you know you can't be normal now. Yeah. That's a thing. Yeah. You don't check right back out into a cool nine to five, and no one will know around part load. And it'll be fine. Like, that doesn't work that way. Yeah. Yeah. See, yeah. So like, I remember the, I remember the feeling it was before we opened the gym. Mm-hmm. I remember I was working full-time at mutant. Yep. And I was like, still kind of, I was rehabbing my leg. Mm-hmm. And um, and I was starting to think like fuck, I wonder if I'm even going to compete again. Because I was 40 by that point. That's 41. And I was like, ah, I might not even compete again. But I wasn't sure, and I was still trained really hard. But I just remember like, once we decided to open the gym, I just remember like life just made sense again. Like, because I was like, sort of just wandering and sort of just repeating my routine, because I didn't know how to change it. Right. I was like, what the fuck do I keep eating to get bigger? Or is my leg going to be okay? Like, I don't know what's going on. And you know, I was just, it was just one of those periods of time. But then as soon as I like, something like happened, it was like, Yeah, you have a new, you know, new projection and a new thing to force work at. And I was like, oh, that's what I, oh shit, okay. And then you know what the funny thing is. So that most people don't realize is. Also, too, like, sometimes you don't realize, I think somebody, but it's not realized how big of a thing competing was. Right. So, when they're done competing, they take, oh, I have to put something else in my life to fill the whole. And they put something in this big. Yeah. Like, I'm just going to get a new little hobby, and they do it like a couple hours a week, and then they're solution their minds. So you know, no, no, you got to fill like a giant hole or something. You get something that you possibly can't manage. Right. I've trained you have trained yourself to have these, like, these things that encompass your entire life. And you don't realize it, but until you do something else, it does that level of like stimulation. You're not going to be happy. Yeah. Yeah. So I love that's funny because I had some people obviously, because I, I made the announcement that I was. The mutant that we're going separate directions. And then immediate response with people was, are you starting your own company? And I laughed because I don't, uh, tinker. So like, if I was going to start my own company, I would quit bodybuilding. Right. Focus on the biggest and the best in the industry in beating them. Right. You're not going to do what I'm doing in start a company because you can't, I mean, you can, but try to be obsessive. You can either be a mediocre bodybuilding or a meaty mediocre business owner or really, really good at one of the two. But you don't want to be a guy who's bodybuilding full time running a training business. Oh, and then trying to build a company on the side, competing with people who are working 16 hours a day just to be the best supplement company there is. Yeah. Yeah. I actually told, uh, Michael the owner of Condemn Labs and up signing with that story and he laughed because he knows I've, uh, owned business and stuff and it's like, you don't tinker and do something like that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. For sure. Not making it. That's for sure. So, okay. You know, I was, I was waiting for you to bring this up a congratulations on, you know, signing with another company. Yeah. It sounds like it's a really good deal for you. And, and, and it's a testament dusty. Um, you know, the fact that you had a contract with mutant for so long. And the fact that you had and before that you were with I force for what five years seven years of that. Four seven. Yeah. So, and so your reputation is obviously following you around. Right. And allowing you continued opportunity. So, all the people who go, how do I get a sponsor? Why am I not sponsored? And he's sponsored. How come I, this and that? You know what I mean? Look at the level of dedication and consistency you put into your social media. Um, the obviously the consistency and the training. Like when people look at your brand, they see reliable, consistent, hard working, no bullshit. You know what I mean? Like you've branded yourself well by being consistent and following your own. Like, you, if your brand's obviously not fake. Right. Because that's actually what you're like. You know, where some people are presenting a fake brand. But eventually over time, the people that actually work with them know that that's not the real them. Yeah. And word gets out and you're less valuable. And I could think of dozens of people who have these amazing, while dozens. I'm just talking about once I know personally the big millions of them. But people who you look at one Instagram, you're like, man, this guy's an animal. Yeah. Fucking doing these crazy shit and he's so strong and holy fuck. And his brand is all like, you know, dedication and fucking never let anyone down and all that stuff. And then you talk to the people that he used to work with. And he's like, why didn't he sign that guy? And they're like, oh, he was never on time. And he was fucking lazy. And he was fucking the opposite of his brand. Yeah, bad melty boss. And he did this. And he got drunk at a company party and fucking like, and you're like, oh, because when I look at him on Instagram, he's a fucking machine. Yeah. So anyways, that's something that catches up to people over time. So, you know, be aware of that. All you people out there that want to get sponsored someday. Yeah. What's been cool too is what that's part of the part of what I was looking forward to with this is, I'm coming on obviously for myself. But then also, I get a few extra golden tickets that I've always wanted. I get to have a say in some of the future products, just certain things as you know, even with mutant that I really wanted to see go through. That didn't. And now these things will be pushed through. And then the other thing is working with the athletes. He actually has a great team of very good bodybuilders, good athletes. I condemned. But most of them don't know how to do social media. Or how to market themselves or how to present themselves. So it'll be easy to take their careers to another level. And I've been allowed to just do this. Like I don't have to filter it or say, hey, can I say this? He's like, here's the emails. Do what you do. Right. Which is really fun. So I mean, I think we're going to have some household names that a guy's that should already be that way. That aren't yet that are just just need basic little tweaks. I mean, guys that are going to really be well known. So it's exciting to kind of be able to, you know, I'm like the old fucker coming at the end being like, okay, youngster. Let me help you here. You're a much better bodybuilder than I was. So we add what I do to what you do and who knows, you know, should be fun. That's cool. No, I'm looking forward to seeing plus I'm looking forward to just getting back on the road eventually. Oh shit. That's always telling George and all of that. Well, at least now, I know we're going to run into each other once we're out there again. Yeah. Yeah. So you got some questions. I've got a million questions. I'm seriously so thankful for the amount of like, I did three of these last week. And it's awesome that people keep coming back and want to add more, you know. It's definitely good. Okay. Boom. I'm starting off with a good one right out the gate and it's a very first question. Okay. What's one thing that motivates you to train hard on the days when you don't feel it on a percent. Ah, that's a good question because I'm not really sure the answer. I don't know. It's like, I mean, I have workouts. Where I am real tired and there's a lot of my mind and I've been at enough time to like focus before the workout. But I was fucking, you know, I was trained pretty damn hard. I think that I require that level of intensity in order to be like hormonally and and what's this stuff in your brain. Just you know, all the receptors in your brain. Okay. Neuro-transmitters. I think that like it's like it's like an addict who needs a giant hit. It's like I can't get what I need unless I kind of punish myself. Right. And then I get the neuro transmitters. I'm looking for and I get the indoor fin russian looking for. And now I feel good and now I can be a human for another 24 to 48 hours without loosen up. And then you know, so that's like the stress release and the the indoor fins and all this stuff that go with, you know, my obsessive requirement to do something every day that's physically difficult. I think that's probably just what it is. If I don't go hard, I just don't get what I need. It's probably it's probably a chemical feedback loop at this point that is. I actually believe that on a person like like I've done it so many fucking times that it's just become like an addiction to them on the brain level. You know, totally totally. I think that's the thing too is if people can. Don't allow yourself to talk yourself out of a workout just as you're not feeling it right away. Yeah. I've had times where. And I'm very good at leaving everything that doesn't belong to gym out. Like I don't know what it is like a veil. I'm not going to go to my life. I walk into gym. I literally don't think about anything negative when I'm training. It just doesn't happen. But I do have days where you get there and you're like, you know, like, I does come on. You got to get this going today. You know, the main versus the days you kick the fucking front door and what I have found is, and I'm not being hard-quarmed being literal. Once the pain hits from something. You wake up. Like yeah, on leg days, I always start with ad actors. Because it's a little mindless, but I mean, they're brutal. You know, you want to, a rest-posset of ad actors with a negative. When I get done, there's been many times where I've been a little sluggish. And I get done with those and like, I really go now. Yeah. Yeah. You get that wake up exercise. I know what you mean. Yep. I know what you mean. And there's something about the pump too. Oh yeah. Like the other day we trained back and I had a long day at the gym and there was a whole bunch of stuff to deal with. And I like lost track of time and I literally looked at the clock and I'm like, oh fuck, brains gonna be here in like a minute. It's right. I'm like, I'm not really going to get mentally ready for this one. I guess I got to go train and like we walked out. And I just remember like, I had already thought of a couple of exercises earlier that I wanted to do. But I had no mental like, it wasn't like, revved up. But as soon as we got going on the pull down, and the last start filling up with blood, I was like, okay, here we go. And then after that it was like, it's just funny. You know, it put it pull you out of a pull you out of any funk. You know, that sort of the feedback that you get. There's lots of times where my whole day is kind of stressful. Like I might not be that, you know, I'm a little bit, I fuck. Kind of like with 10 things that day and then we'll train at five. And from five to 11, I am like you foracly fucking happy and nice to everyone. You know, your staff home training the morning. Yeah, yeah, they want me there and say, yeah, exactly. It's that fuck cleanup. Fuck cleanup, go train. Hey, everybody, you take a break. No, no, it's not like that. But it's just how I feel some days I feel like that. Right, nothing. So yeah, it's a, that's a good question though. I don't know. I don't need it. It's not even, it's not even a want at this point. It's like a needed. You know, hey, what's going on, guys? Thanks for watching another podcast here. Think Big Body Building Media. And thank you to our great sponsor, True Nutrition.com for making this all possible. True Nutrition.com is owned by Dante Trudeau, the creator of DC training. You wanted to create a supplement company that offered high quality third party test and supplements at a fair price. High quality protein powders, just about every type you could think of. Huge variety of flavors, plus health and performance supplements. Check them out, True Nutrition.com. And hey, if you use our code, advice is you directly support our podcast and thanks, guys. Let's get back to the program. What do you got? Okay. Tips and advice for someone breaking into the personal trainer industry. So much to say here. My list is long, but here's the biggest one. Become an expert. Do not. I am a firm believer that too many personal trainers, online trainers do just enough to check the box of kind of technically maybe being qualified. You need to be obsessive about your knowledge. And really become excellent. Because that's a question of your knowledge. How do you get more clients? Like being expert. Right. Find you. They find you. Because there are so many people that do what we do, but because we don't have a. Outside of getting some certifications, everyone knows like there's a difference in an. NSM and an A certification. You know, you want to knock out your certification in five minutes. Or do you want to read this 400 page book and be ready to rock? Because they're very, very different. So that's big. And then once you're in there, I have a few like just pet pee things that I think will set you apart and make you money is. Your clients goals or your goals. You have to be obsessive about their goals. When I see trainers sitting down or on their phone or telling the client about their physique and their body building, I want to throw up in my mouth. Like if I got done with that kind of a guy, so I page an 80 an hour, right? Yeah, okay, we talked about you for 20 minutes. So it's 33% and I'm going to knock that off of the 80 bucks. Here's what I owe you. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Like no, it should be all about them and you're in their set, you know, and I know a lot of people understand the fact that as a personal trainer half of your clients. Don't want to kill themselves. They're just kind of getting to work at him, but I'm telling you even at that level if you are in their work out with them. Your potential will be awesome. I had a waiting list for every day of my training life in person except for the first two weeks. Right. And the problem was I never lost clients. So it was almost impossible for the waiting list to even work. Right, you know, but it was because of those things. It was obsession with being the best I could be for them, you know. I'm enjoying taking, I take some of my clients that live like around the gym. I take some of them through through workouts. Not a lot. I don't have a lot of time to book on my book, you know, very, very few sessions, but, but yeah, but I like it. And you know what they, it's, they get so much out of some of them get so much out of just one session. Okay. Like, okay, take all those stuff we did for chess today and I want you to do that all on like day. So like the same tempo counts the same like remember that rest pause said we did set we did care do that on a leg press, you know, and then you know, you eventually get around to doing legs with them. Right. But but as you go, you, you, you make sure you kind of, you know, let them know and like this principle we're doing on this set right now. You can do this on all these other exercises too, you know, like kind of give them that knowledge of how it's layered, you know. Well, you teach them intensity too. I mean, yeah, I mean, how, how I've sent you four or five of my clients to train. And their physique, even if they only change you a couple times, immediately are better because they take what the intensity and all the things you taught them from those wanted to work out and they apply them in all their workouts. So I took a client of mine through a leg workout the other day and he says legs are the source they've ever been in an entire life. Right. Do you want to know what the fancy workout was? Yes, tell me all the things I've never heard of. So he did, he did three working sets of extensions. One was a strip set. He did three, two to three. I'll give him credit for three work sets on the hack squat. Right. And he did two working sets on the leg press. Right. And it's quads for the sourced they've ever been in his life. So I mean, there was nothing involved other than just tightening up form, stabilizing the body. Right. Because he is one of those guys, like, you know, some people kind of move around a lot during the set. Yeah. I'm like, okay, just lock in like lock in the only thing moving is your legs. You've got to stop everybody's locked in and rigid in your course tight, and you're bracing and you're kind of pulling. Peter tight. Yeah, like, you know, even pulling down on the handles with the lats or pushing up with the shoulders or whatever you're doing to like lock in. Yep. And then so, you know, so that was one of the things and the rest was just, you know, pushing them to where the reps. You know, the range of perceived exertion hit a nine and I had to touch the frame a bit to get them up. Right. You know, there wasn't like crazy anything, but it was just locking in, focusing on the muscle, moving his feet a little bit and then just going hard. Yep. So a lot of people, they don't realize, um, what the emphasis should be on, you know, like we see people doing crazy exercises all the time. We talk about this all the time, but, you know, it's, two hour workouts, you know, all this sort of stuff. Yeah, that's the thing though. Had you written that workout and handed it to him. And then he would have been disappointed because it's not much of a workout. It would have been easy. He would not have been sore. You know what I mean? So I think that those are important things to factor in the people because guaranteed after that workout. He knows what that is, but had you handed it to him on a sheet of paper, but where's the other side? Because I'm sure. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, so it's, it's, it's cool. And I, I like that. And I know that he's now, he's now armed with knowledge. Oh, for sure. There's nothing. It was better that week. Yeah, like that's a thing. Yeah, like, you know, and there's something, there's something that feels good about arming someone with knowledge. So your personal trainer should be able to do that. So make sure that you are arming your clients with information. Here's a tip. Well, I don't know if it's a tip. Might be a terrible fucking business tip. But, the tip nonetheless. I, I actually want all my clients to eventually move on and do their own thing. Right. Do you know what I mean? Like, that's kind of like, you should have that intention that you want them to learn from you and get to know their body. I guess I'm talking about the contest prep people now at this point. Like, get to know their body. Learn from you all that sort of stuff. Arm them with knowledge, you know? Yeah. So, I think I would explain stuff to people. Nope, dig it. Sure. Alright, let's see here. Bum, bum, bum. Oh. Is it my turn? No. No? No, it's not. Hardest fact for you to realize about life or bodybuilding. Hardest fact? Yes. Huh. Kind of a realist, I guess. Like, I already know life's not fair. I already know. Yeah. You know, I already know that, you know, the world is a vicious place and you know, get killed at any moment. I don't know. What's the hardest fact? Um, I guess. I guess. Yeah, geez. I don't even know what to say about that. A jam because the wording is difficult. Well, yeah. It's like I kind of accepted the world as a really rough place in a lot of ways. I never really had a hard time like wrapping my brain around any of that. I've never had a hard time with like death being the end. I've never had a hard time with really any of that stuff. It doesn't bother me, I guess. I guess I just understand that's the reality. I'm very red pill like, you know, the matrix. I'm very like, I'd rather live in like a dystopian reality where I could battle my oppressor than in a fake reality where I didn't know the truth. Yeah. I think the thing I would say, which covers both realms, is that there's a misconception that people do you wrong or things like that. When I found this really what you want to work on is controlling your variables. So what I say is, if I set up expectations for someone and they fail them, that's on me. Right. That's a good one because that's the deal is, those are your expectations. Not theirs. And I think the moment you can do that mentally and really commit to it, nothing is personal anymore. When somebody who fails me, I'm like, okay, maybe that was better for them. Like it literally, even if I feel like I've fucked over. Okay. Right. You know, and I think when you accept that, because in earlier, but my life, I think because I'm a fighter in general, I want to fix them. I want them to realize they fucked up. I want to give them the glorious chance of apologizing. Right. And nobody gives a fuck. Right. So really for me what I've learned now is just go, okay, noted. And then that's why also I can do, I can work with people who I don't respect or I don't whatever, because I know what I see them as. So Ron part of local do a lot of damage to me that someone else couldn't do because you're in. I know who you are. You know what I mean? Right. So if you fall short, I'm like, whoa. What the fuck? Like wasn't ready for that. But outside of the, you know, the five to ten people that are in the inner circle for me, that's, that's the magic is realizing that your expectation is usually the problem. That's an awesome one. And it's, I guess that sort of opens up a new way to look at the question I wasn't really thinking that that's a great one. That was it. I don't have expectations and you'll never be disappointed. You know what I mean? Yeah, also to like, you know, I've had a few a few points in my life where because of that, you also kind of run into the fact of, You know, that you're never going to change this person's mind. Hmm. Even though your argument is perfectly rational. They do not see it that way. And it might be 20 years before you could ever have another conversation that might go anywhere, anywhere different. So you just have to walk away with them thinking you're a fucking idiot and you thinking I can't believe this person doesn't understand what happened. Nope. You know what I mean? Because that used to really bother me. Like if something happened, I'd be like, fuck, I have to explain to this person what actually happened. They think this happened. No way. And that would bother me. I'd be like, fuck, I can't believe they think that. Right. And so I just like really try to fix it, you know, like you were saying, And it's funny that we both kind of had that trade. But then there's a point in your life where you're like, oh, well, certain amount of people are going to think you're a fucking asshole or fucking idiot or Just not be able to see things your way. Yeah, acceptance is a powerful thing. That's for sure. Mm-hmm. You're off. You froze for his sake, buddy. Okay. Sample meal plan. I actually wanted to talk about this one. Just because I want to know like what you have to say because we never discussed this shit. So we never talked about bodybuilding actually. We go ahead. Sample meal plan. Sample meal plan for vegans. And then he starts asking some technical stuff. I don't, I don't, I don't, I'll not technical, but he's like six meals, two bean, two soy, two shakes. Zook, you like, you know, can I eat 500 grams of tofu a day? So obviously, I don't know the answer to that. I don't know how much tofu you can eat with. I can't, just like, get mercury poisoning from tuna. Is there like a limit? I don't know. But so let's just talk about vegan meal plans for a bit. Like, what do you have to say about just, so I work with vegan. I have four vegans I work with currently. And what I did, rather than me taking the time to really delve in and, and force them on foods and things I wanted them to eat, I went the other route and I taught them how to macro diet. Yes. So we went, I mean, I went really obsessive about teaching. This is how you do because the thing about macros and the reason that fucked people up is because if I say your macros just for me, I'm not sure if you can see your macros just from math and the conversation are 100 of everything. 100 carbs, 100 fat, 100 protein. If you're within two or three grams and the protein carbs and one or two on the fat, we're good. You're following my diet. If you're off by 20, you're not. Yeah. And that's the thing that you have to drive home with people with macros is for it to be successful. And typically what the majority of the people I've done macros for years with clients, some of them, I do both. But they end up kind of putting themselves on a bro diet eventually because it's just easier to do a daily routine that they know. And then every now and then they're like, oh shit tonight we're going out to do to eat whatever. Let me go to that meal. You know, look at the macros from it and then reduce or add as needed on the other five meals. And then as far as the meal number, there's nothing magic about six meals on any diet. It's just what we've always fallen back on and the reason that I write them that way is it usually gives people a way to eat the food. Yeah, I couldn't eat all of my food in three meals. There's couldn't get it done. So it's not as the five meals are magic or seven is magic. It's that many times of feeding allows me to get the food down without feeling like I'm going to die. You know, so number of meals does not matter. I would definitely look at macros and I've had a huge, very, very positive results with all of my clients that way. But I did find about two years ago, I did write the plans. You know, bro style and hand them here's your diet and every single one of them ran into a wall faster than my Meeting clients where they didn't like my food anymore. Right. And that was a struggle because I'm like, if you want me to whip you up a diet real quick, normal, literally just stay on the phone and I'm not going to let you know. It's no problem. I had to actually do homework to remember what's an lentil. Yeah, yeah, yeah, half a couple lentils are you know the main or 200 like I don't know that. So just easier to work backwards and I've had great success. So if you truly believe in the vegan lifestyle and bodybuilding, number one forget about everything you ever did when when or if you're working people that ate protein, whole food protein sources and just follow the macros. It'll be as close to the same as possible. I will say very openly. I have never in my entire life seen someone who went from eating whole food protein sources, stay chicken that kind of stuff to vegan and the physique stay as good. Yeah, and then I've known I've known a couple people who were vegan bodybuilders and they looked great. Look great. Awesome. Conditioned look good. Holy shit that guys vegan. It looks great and they started eating meat again. Although the one guy added eggs and fish back into his diet. Yep. And the other guy just went back to like chicken and turkey and everything. Yep. And they both got way bigger. Yep. And it was like I remember talking to the one guy about these like yeah, it's like the macros aren't different but something happened. And like I'm again scientists might say it was no difference in the protein, but I don't know what to tell you. Yeah, I think it's fun that you say that because I run into that often maybe it's saturated fat. Maybe they're not getting saturated fat from vegan foods like who knows what it is. You know what I mean, saturated fats are pretty pretty important too like yeah. Right. That's things you just can't reproduce. I mean, I say the same thing like I tell people if you have to have shakes that's okay. Like they got them they got the macros. But I will also tell you from my experience that when the majority of my diet went to whole food, I got better. Right. So and again, macros and macros, science says that's bullshit and it doesn't work that way. Well, it's kind of like the old, you know, bodybuilders with, you know, fish and greens. It's the same. It is, but for some reason when you make that switch, your skin turns into cellophane. For me, it was egg whites. I didn't know a lot to egg whites. Yeah. I'm a fat down extra low on people like, but that, you know, you shouldn't have to have your fat that lower, whatever. I'm like, yeah, we're going to tell you. Yeah, I'll, all I could say is look. So yeah, those are the factors look at, and you know, actually his area had done that. She had went to vegan from regular her physique changed drastically. And then I remember I saw her on one trip up to see you and I was like, oh, I saw your, your, your, your back. And she was like, well, I added in fish. Right. Right. Yeah, that's, yeah, I know a few people that's exactly the same story. And I mean, it was, it was drastic. I was like, oh, you're competing again. Good. So much better. And she goes, no, I just added fish. Right. There you go. There you go. It's my turn. Yeah. And by the way, I totally agree with you. I had, I've had several vegan clients that have done very, very well. I just let them macro their food. Right. Because it was like, they're vegan body builders. They're already kind of health obsessed. Mm. So the threat of them using Oreo cookies for all their carbs and fats is probably not. Yeah, yeah, yeah, it can serve them. That's going to happen. Not really a concern, you know. So everyone's in a while. I just say send me some pictures of your meals and tell me what they are. What's in that? What exactly am I looking at? Yeah, here's one. Three pros that you would love to train with this year. Oh, this year? Yes. Oh. Um, well, how about Flex Lewis at his new gym in Vegas? Yes. There you go. I'll throw that one out. That was blindsided by and didn't even realize he was moving. Yeah, I was just going to go through his there. Yeah. That was funny. I was talking to him on Instagram. He's like, he's like, now you're way closer. Yes, I am. I'm definitely closer now. He's like, four hours away now. Yeah. So I'll say that. Good luck with your shoulders and your knee by the way, Flex. Um, geez. Who else? Um. Let me just thank here. Fuck. How about just a hand shot? For all time, sick. There we go. Adinos. Imagine if we got to train Adinos this year. Or we just go train back at Dinos one. I know it's probably never trained back in that gym because though I know. I don't know that work on a lubricant top. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. I definitely can't do the same exercise this next time. Um. Oh, let's see, okay. And, uh, you know what, how's this? Retirement. Litton. Let's, uh, I want to like, having like, uh, chest day with cutler, detailed. They were hired guys. A crack, a few jokes get them laughing between sets. There you go, roll that out. Yeah, that'd be a good year for me. I'm not going to say a kingdom because I don't want to like slow him down. We take all the plates off from my set. Yeah, you. That's actually a factor. You have to. You look at now that your, your goals have changed. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'm changing the question because that's my question because I can do this. You're in your prime and you could train with anyone minus the normal. Who would it be? Because you've trained me a million times. So if you've got a train with someone, you've never trained with or whatever, or only a couple times who would they be in your peak and you're trying to get fucking huge. Oh, I go train with Hollingshead again. And I want to go train with, I want to fly in Valero to have a workout at my gym. Nice, love it. There you go. And go down in a special note with Hunter. There you go. There you go. Because those are all just training their asses off. Yeah, those guys are all good dudes too. So you can go for food after an ass and laughs. So that's what's all about. And again, it's again. It's again. It's the camaraderie and stuff like that. And that would be a pretty good three stop workout tour. Yeah, you bet. I love it. Yeah, I think that those would be sick too because you know damn well. You could have one of the best workouts of your life with all three of them. Oh, yeah, be a vice versa. Because you know how that works. I mean, we've all had those. I mean, just like all the trips we've done. I think people would be amazed if they knew how. And see some workouts have been following 12 hour days and foreign countries and training. Less than our usual gym sometimes and just yeah, yeah, you know, the wackiness they can take place. Look at how he's loved being at the gym and you and I are getting after them. You look over and you got, you know, a bunch of other well-known freezes. Like the energy in a room gets ridiculous if those events. You know, who else said I'd love to have another workout with. We had it. We had a great one together one time. It was fucking one of those no energy Sunday night after Feebo workouts. You know, the ones you and I've done it. You and I've done them once times. And I trained, I like to have anyways, I trained with food at once like that. Right. And I think we find a trained at food at again because, you know, he's he's a little banged up too. So we fun. It's so kick my ass on the legs though. I don't think that most people realize though, too. Like, and I know you've seen it a million times, like, high at these events. You'll get there. You'll do 30 or so minutes of walking. Then he'll stretch. Yeah. And then he'll go blast out of two hour fucking workout that never ends. That's ridiculous. Then he'll do cardio after. I remember talking to Adam when he used to be going with him everywhere. And he's like, he'll be here for about four hours tonight. And I'm like, what's he's, oh, yeah, it's the same routine as a home. Just happens to start 11 p.m. instead. Right. Right. You know, thinking about like, what Kai's days were looking like back then, you know, 10 hours nonstop signing talking, signing talking. You know what I mean? It may, it may should take like, it's just got to be in Fedamines involved. I sure hope so. I don't want him to be able to do it natural and be that much better. How are you still here? How are you still focused? Brilliant. Good job. And that's funny. Okay. That was a good question. That was a good question. Okay. So this guy is on a push pull-lake split. Okay. But he's having really big recovery issues. He's natural and he's dieting and he's having some problems. And he's like, do, can I train every other day? Is this what I need to do? Is it possible that he might have to do an every other day, push pull-lake split to properly recover? It might be. And the thing is is, I think that what's funny is the fear that he's having is that he's not training enough. But that's going to put him at four days a week. You know, four, three, four, three. But I think you base every decision is based on how your body reacts. So I wouldn't be afraid to go over that and I would watch what happens. He might get better. The other thing is, when someone's that beat up on push pull legs, I think they got too much volume in that workout. I just could pretty well guess because he's probably training with the most ridiculous intensity. And it's got a little too much in it. Right, like he's doing two hour push pull leg workouts. Like he's two hour chest shoulders tri-up and he's too much training that long. Because that's why I think most people don't realize is, you know, yeah, when I do a push pull leg, you see the videos and it's like holy shit. But I bet on a, like on a pole day, I'm probably actually moving maximum weight for 10 minutes. Right. The entire workout, 10 minutes maybe. You know what I mean? And I think that's where things get missed is, is what you need to be focused on and that kind of training is what you're doing in those working sets. And like you just listed without leg workout. That was like seven sets total. You hit an hour. Yeah. You know, so factor that in, that would be my guess. But yeah, I have no issue at all of them doing every other day. Okay. Okay. You got one lined up. I have a million lined up. It's been quite, everyone was nice. I made the choices pretty easy. I think you get ones right here. All right. Good. But you have to answer this for on your own, so I'm good math. Sixth week into a bulk. Can I do a mini cup for four weeks, dropping bulking gear and using cutting gear and dropping calories? Well, I really hate the bulking gear cutting gear reference. And so what was the first part that the bulking gear cutting gear stuff I stopped my brain after hearing it? No, so he's six weeks into a bulk and he wants to go figure into a four week mini cup now. It was just a lot wrong with the whole. Yes. Okay. First of all, six weeks isn't a bulk. Six months is a bulk. Yeah. Secondly, I hate the term bulk. Yep. You're trying to add muscle by allowing a calorie surplus to a certain degree. You're trying to gain muscle. I don't like to use a term bulk anymore because I feel people, it takes their brain in a different direction. Yes. I say you want to lose weight. I like I tell people I lose fat. If you're dieting every six weeks for four weeks, that's it. I just don't. Yes. How long can I take to put on any size? You're not going to accumulate any size. You got to eat and train heavy and and just push like like I still people. My first bulk was seven years long. Right. And I went from 137 pounds to 265 pounds. Right. And then I competed with strided glutes at 230. Right. Did you have some real tissue, too, with that amount of time? Now, are you a believer in someone set points meaning then ordered of not easily lose muscle mass? You need to have it for a while? Yes. The longer you have muscle on your body, the more like solidified it becomes, the more like structurally sound it is, I think. You know, you know how they say, you know, structural muscle and you know, sell volume muscle and all that stuff. You know, the longer you have it, I think the, I mean, that's just sort of evidenced by, you know, retired guys that keep their muscle really easily running. This is just by training and eating good. I know some pro shrink down to nothing, but they, a lot of them stop training completely, right? I mean, Dorian didn't lift weights for like a few years or just did yoga, you know? Yeah. So I mean, like there's lots of that, but people have all these misconceptions. Some guys lose weight because they want to lose weight. Yes, they're cool. They like, yeah, I know bodybuilders that have turned vegan and stopped training. So of course they lost all their size. But for the most part, muscle you've had on your body longer is easier to keep. Yeah. So you got to eat like six weeks is not long enough to, I mean, what's I mean, long enough to see results? I mean, yeah, no, Gary, I just need to eat. Yeah, I hate when people, because I get asked that in fact, I had a guy like, I had someone ask me recently, what's a great, like, a big goal for putting on muscle mass in a year? And I said 12 pounds, 12 pounds of true muscle in a year is a great goal. Right. And I immediately had someone respond back to that and say 12 pounds, I put on 30 in a month. And I'm like, right, we're talking about something different. You know what I'm saying? So that's the key because I mean, if you were to put on two pounds of real tissue in six weeks, I'd be stoked out of my mind for you. Oh, that, I mean, I assume you were kind of a newbie too. Yeah. So why on earth would it be time to die at? Yeah. So yeah. You're up. Okay. What do you think are the main bullshit stereotypes, the biggest bullshit stereotypes about bodybuilders that you've come across? Do you think that's changed over the years? Well, I mean, cautious because this is somewhat accurate for a few. But I was about all stereotypes or sort of motivated by at least a decent percentage of that population, actually, by the way. Yeah. So what I would say is that the bodybuilders are dumb and just me, eat food, me lift weights. Um, the amount of, I hate you as word, but the amount of science that is in bodybuilding is ridiculous. The amount of actual thought that good bodybuilders, good coaches put into how do we make this happen is very, very high. Um, so I think a lot of people just don't understand that the amount of knowledge it takes to do this at a high level. And I think that that is driven home by the fact that there are so many douchebag bodybuilders. And as we all know, um, if a hundred people compliment you today on something, but two people are ruthless in some way. You think about the two. Yeah. So I think what happens in life is someone may meet a wrong part lower. I flex Lewis and have a good really good hit on who would bodybuilders, but then they meet that one fucking douche that just sits in their mind. And he's stupid. And you know, basically all the stereotypes and then that's what drives them home. So yeah, that'd be my biggest one though is a bodybuilding is somehow a meathead sport. That's why I joke. I'll say meathead moment. Um, because good bodybuilders are typically not meatheads. Right. Yeah, I would agree that that's a big one. Um, my buddy, joke to one time he's like, man, guys with good arm genetics, they get in bar fights ruin it for all of us. Because because they look like bodybuilders, because you know, the guys with good arm genetics are where the tight t-shirts to the bar. Yeah, and maybe they just, they don't even train legs, but they train arms. And then they get hampered in the end of fight. And everyone's like, oh, yeah, it's how some bodybuilder get in a fight. Yeah. It's like, that's not a bodybuilder. Yeah, Jesus. Fuck. I see that guy through to him. I see that guy to gym. He's just an idiot. He barely knows what he's doing. He just has good arm genetics. I can't think fucking, you know, I've seen that so many times. Like, you know, he benches. He's got a decent upper body. No back no legs. Yeah, this bodybuilder asshole. I'm like, oh, God. Use that term properly. Please. Yeah. Yeah. So yeah, that's a big one. Another one too is like the lazy thing. Um, yes, there are some very lazy bodybuilders out there. I will definitely put it. But there's lazy people everywhere. I mean, there's lazy people that have really good office jobs. And they're just sitting there on YouTube all day long to do and fucking nothing. You know, there's all sorts of lazy people. But I think somebody builders get misinterpreted as lazy because bodybuilding seems to the people who do bodybuilding like me, like you. We seem to be able to not care about so many other things. Right. Do you know what I mean? And like, I think like I've had people say, oh, all you do is go to the gym. And I'm like, well, no, that's not all I do. I just structure my day around it being a really important thing. And it's a priority. Right. But you're under the impression that I just like, Nap the rest of the day. It's a really long nap for the gym. You know what I mean? So there's like that type of thing. I remember, you know, all those years I worked in the bar. I used to go to bed at like 4 a.m. Right. And I would get up at noon. So I would sleep at eight hours. Yeah. Like a good bodybuilder should. Nope. And I struggled my whole life with people joking. They're like, oh, yeah, well, you fucking sleep till noon. You have to worry about new fucking doing anything. And I'm like, I sleep eight hours. Right. Same as you. I don't sleep 12 fucking hours. Right. Or, you know, I don't go to bed at 10 and get up at noon. Right. You're like, oh, you know what I mean? Like, and I'm working on my laptop at 3 a.m. Right. And you're in bed. Like it's just a different lifestyle. So that one kind of like bothers me because you know, sometimes I found like fucker. They look at me when they're saying lazy. You know what I mean? So yeah. That's funny actually. I totally see that there's people view only what they see. I know I get that sometimes people tell me, like, man, it's so hardcore that you go to the gym at 4 a.m. back when I own the stores. I was like, oh, no, that's just because it's the only time I can go. Right. There's no time that makes it more efficient or more hardcore. Or your more dead serious. But you're training it whenever that is, you know, and now as I'm in the spot where it's like wherever I feel optimal. So I'm the reverse of hardcore now. Right. You know, yeah. Now it's like whenever I feel the best, that's when I go to the gym, you know? Okay. Your turn. Is it me? Okay. I got another good one in the back of the way. I'm right now then, because I'm looking. Okay. Have either of you had someone because we've spoken about this before, but have you actually had someone in your life that was trying to discourage you from bodybuilding enough that ties had to be cut? I have not. Interesting. I actually have not. I've never had anybody. I've had somebody that thought it was a lot. But I think people who know me would understand that that wouldn't work. Right. Like, because, I mean, you know me all carrying a side like I do what I do in every aspect of my life. So you're definitely not going to convince me any to stop doing something. Right. Okay. How about you? Um, you pretty much the same. I don't remember anyone being unsupported. To the point where I had to remove them from my life. It just never happened. Yeah. You know what I mean? And I don't know if maybe is that. Is that luck or is that because you already sort of sniffed out that trait in those people before you let them into your life. Even before bodybuilding. I think it's the latter because I have the same thing with training partners. Training partners are impossible to find good ones. I've always had a good training partner. Right. Like every training partner I've had has been absolutely awesome. I haven't almost had one. Yeah. But when you do that, you mean? Yeah. And I think it's the same thing. Like either you lit, I mean at this point in my life, no one even approaches that isn't ready. Um, but early on it would be a conversation. And I think the other thing is you don't. Some people don't have these conversations. Like if I were to find out at dinner with a girl now and I'm single guy. I'm covering this. Hey, this is my fucking life. So if you don't, if that doesn't work for you, you know, enjoy dinner. Let's have a good laugh and let's, we don't need to do this anymore. Right. You know, like we wouldn't be on the way out though. Yeah, we wouldn't, we wouldn't get to the play. I got to show what we were doing. But you wouldn't get to the point where it was an issue. Right. That'd be covered so quickly. I mean, I think that's one thing that a lot of people don't do. And all of my successful friends are single. Like first date, if it's even going remotely well, all of a sudden they're just tossing shit on the table. I don't want children. I want this. Anything. How do you feel about these things? No, all right, cool. Let's get some dessert. That's flat. Yeah, we've, we've gone over that before the first date. The questions that have to be asked. Yeah, you just, I mean, I'm serious, so because people don't know. I'm like, well, then why would you drag it off? If I met a girl, she was like, I want five kids. I'm like, well, yeah, good luck with that. So we want some, yeah, you know, how many of those kids do I count as? Like all five of them? And of course, you don't even have to discuss whether they're into asked for not because you've already gone over that in the Instagram DMs. Yeah. Why did you even DM me of your not? We covered the butt stuff already. Let's talk about the life things now. You want to, you don't want to, but you're going to want to, but you're going to want to want a bunch of kids. That's so sad. It's actually accurate at this point if anybody would reach out of like, how did you not know that? I put it all the time. Yeah. Wait, wait, wait, wait. You didn't see the butt sex memes. Do you remember when Luke talked about that? Somebody was like, at this point, how would they not know? What's he not know? You mentioned the shock. He's, you put no butt sex memes just in the middle of the night. He's, you put no butt sex memes just every day just pound in your Instagram with butt sex memes and you meet this chick and she tells you how funny you are, how hilarious your memes are. You're such a funny dude. Ha ha ha. You go out. You have a great time. Then you go to do it and then she's like, oh, no, I'm going into that. See, even jeds fist. Yes. Amazon's at the door. Like, how could you not have been on the same page as this? You said by memes were funny. I was funny. Oh, you thought I was kidding. That's where things get thrown off. I thought they were all just jokes. Ha ha. Okay. Here we go. Lose both of your legs or both of your arms. Go. Oh, legs. Yeah, it was even hard for me to have a chance to get that set. It's an easy question. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, for sure. Not even a question. I mean, so many things you can still do that way. Yeah, yeah, hard go the other way. It was especially, I mean, at our age, because I have a, there's a lady here, Barbie that has no arms. And she, I believe it since she was a kid. So she, 100% can do everything I can do probably better ways, just legs and feet. But yeah, come on. I think I would be helpless. Oh, I just play video games, Jerk off, lift weights all day. Yeah, but it's a thing. I mean, you can't, like arms, I mean, literally, you're going to be a huge change in your life. But you're totally functional. It just takes away the things you do there. I don't know how to operate a fork. Yeah, yeah. It's a lot of people. How's it coming anywhere near my face? Like, yeah, that's not a tough one for me, but I had to ask. That's like, that seems easy. It's not coming anywhere near my face. Here's one. What is your, it's, I like, like how this is worded because I'm not sure how you're going to take it. But what is your biggest fear during your workout? I'll just let you take that and do what you do with it. It's so bad. Okay, so I have, I have one, my many, but I have one huge weakness in the gym. I have a big fear of smelling. No, I think I have to, I know I don't smell. So we're good. I was gone over that already. It's like my hogony, it's fantastic. Let the tobacco. No one is, is that, that I will be in the gym I'm at now that I'll be too close to someone who's blammering bullshit that's incorrect to either client or training partner. Because you have a bad habit. Well, and I, then I'm in this jam because I'm now, number one, now listening to the ridiculousness. Unfortunately for me, I can turn this switch on and off so like when I grab a bar, I'm good to go. But Tommy gets to watch this happen on the regular and then I have a moral debacle where I want to step in and save this situation. But I'm also not looking to add any more friends. I got three were maxed out. Waiting list is already it to I don't need this. Then it becomes a thing. They're bringing me questions all the time. Yeah, so that's my greatest fear in the gym. Right. That situation right there where you're like, hmm, what's happened yesterday? How did guy? How did guy who decided because the in-clined branches that, uh, uh, over by the dumbbells were, um, being used that he would use the one that set up in the Smith, but actually do his curls in there and all these other things. And so I needed to actually use the Smith. Right. And he's just sitting in the Smith, you know, in curls with dumbbells. Yeah. And then standing up and doing stuff and very much. So I said, uh, hey, it's a stretching rack. Yeah. I was like, I need to use the Smith and he was like, okay. And I was like, and the bench. Because it's for here. Like, yeah, the other ones were the other ones were being used. I said, cool, they're not anymore. Right. Can I help you take your stuff over or whatever? And you could see the look of like, I was the gym bull. And I'm like, I can't move the Smith machine to those benches. Right. But you can move your shit to those benches that are now open and everyone's a winner. And I just remember like thinking, this guy thinks I'm an asshole. Right. Even like, hey, I'll carry your stuff for you. Yeah. Like I was like trying to make sure like, hey, I started in a rupture. I know this is fucked up. But, or I could sit here for 20 more minutes while you do whatever this fucking, because he was still using it when I got over there for my next thing. And I just remember thinking like, logic is a weird thing. Right. And you look like a gym bully. Yeah. And I, of course, it's me and fucking Tommy walk around. I'm an asshole, but I'm not a bully. Like I'll wait for two hours of all the equipment's being used on me. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. This sucks. So yeah, I felt that little pain. I'm trying to be nice. But the thing is, you know, it happens when the beginning you feel a little bad. Then they get really stupid. And now he's just a fucking idiot. And I don't care for more. Because he literally took these, so he had the hexagon dumbbells that don't even go where the other ones are. And he carried them over to where he was using by the bench. Then when he walked away, he left them on the floor. And my gym is my gym. So I'm like, hey, I got a Tommy. I'm like, is he done with these? So Tommy goes, hey, don't forget to put your dumbbells back. I was using this. Tommy's like, well, we actually watched you pick them up and take them from the Smith and over. No, no, wasn't using this. I'm like, Tommy, it's good. We're going to put his 20's back. Right. It's fine. Right. So yeah, I'm trying not to be too possessive. Because if I actually owned the gym, that would be simply a bit coming me. We'd watch the record. I go, cool. You don't train here anymore. Goodbye. I don't be a fucking douche. Put your ship back. I put every single thing back. Yeah. Somebody leaves something I'm beyond you, especially right now. They'll fucking spit shine the machine and then leave two plates on it. I'm like, I'd rather you put the plates back. I'll clean it before I sit down if I want to. Right. Your ass swass means nothing to me, but those weights on there, that pisses me off. Okay, go ahead. I'm a little bit sweaty. That's funny. That's funny. I forgot which one I was going to ask. Because you were rambling. I was getting rambling. You were getting in there. Fucking son right there. That guy with his hexagon dumbbells. I can put your fuck away. You know what I mean? I totally agree with you though. Oh yeah. So we've gone over this a little bit. And I was sort of terrible at doing it. So let's discuss it again quickly if you want. But how often do you reload and what do you consider a reload? So I don't have a set time for D loads. And I will say, I'm assuming it's from the therapies. My D loads are few and far between. I just, I don't know if it's because the amount of rest I get. I don't know if it's my life is a lot stressful. What it is. But I bet you I truly do load twice a year. And for me, typically a D load is I don't go to the gym at all for like a week. Yep. I used to try to make it a two week thing. I can't stay gone that long. I'll get arrested. And yeah, so I'll just take a week and I can't. I'm not, I don't enjoy going to the gym and just like getting a pump. I get nothing out of that. And in the fear that I have and I think you could understand some dead serious. You go to the gym right and you're like, I'm just going to pump in. She started on your barbell rows and feels good. Still feels good. I'm not going to play. Next thing, you know, I'm fucking pulling 495 because I feel good today. Right. And I'm trying to next. Now I'm training and I'm on day two of the D load. So I just stay home. Like just protect myself for myself. I don't go to the gym. Plus I find that when I do get back in, I'm so hungry for it. That like the training is off the charts because I haven't been in it all in a week. And yeah, so that's that's both answers on that. The only D load protocol that I ever had success with in the sense that I was able to stick to it was taking a week off the gym. Yep. All the other attempts to like not go too hard or do this or do that. I was like how to real hard time. Actually following those rules and it would always be kind of like like you said like day one of the D load day two of the day three I trained a little too hard day four I went all out. Yep. It's like. So basically two of your workouts were slightly less than usual. Yeah. So and I'm more likely to. I sort of like I always managed things by skipping body parts. Like if my shoulder was hurt. Don't train. Just a shoulders for. Yeah, so like shoulders are heard okay. Well, I'm going to skip chest and shoulders this week. And I'm going to do an extra arm day. Right. And I'm going to go in and train ham separate from leg. So I still got my five days this week. Right. And I'll just I'll just use as an opportunity to bomb the ham strings with the like a shit ton of volume that they might not be used to. And because I'll have their own day and I'll hit calves an extra time. Yep. And then chest and shoulders get to rest and I'll see how my shoulder feels and I'll do. And then next week I'll do an all lateral shoulder workout with no pressing. Yep. And I'll see how that goes and I'll do like an all pectec hammer machine chest day with the reps in the 15 range. And I'll see how that feels. So I just would manage things. You know, I'm not sure again if that was a smart as way to do it, but that's how my brain was working. I don't that's things I think that like for example, um, and I've talked about this before. So when I got my herniac surgeries in 2009, um, the the biggest I'd ever been the heaviest was 286. Soft but 286 and I just could never get past it. And because of the type of herniac I had I was out for 16 weeks. No training. Um, within 12 weeks of being back, I was bigger and better than I'd ever been. Right. I was 293 something and much better condition. I was a 286. And I remember saying to myself, you know, if I would take off a couple of months every year off. And at the time because I was depressed, I wasn't eating my approach. I got when I came back, I was fat and small. I mean, uh, so I told myself, man, if I could just do this every year, take two or three months off. Blast and I would try every year. I'd come around the shows are over my. Today we start the D load. You know, take some time off. And I remember actually the in 2010 I was working with Chris. And I told him my plan and he's like, I cool. And like, as about a week and a half into the break. And I was having anxiety. Like literal anxiety and Chris was like, it's not working. You're fucking yourself. Go to the gym. Right. Right. Right. Right. And it's funny because I'm my point of that is is sometimes what works on paper and what's a great idea and what even proved to work for you. It only works. I couldn't go. It wasn't an option. So I wasn't stressed. It was just this is what it is. Right. You know, I wish I had the discipline, but I think for us not going to the gym is like other people going. You know, it takes a lot of discipline to take a full week off for me. Oh, yeah. You know, I know it's just a smart thing. You know, like, book. I make sure I book a client every time I would normally train just to fuck my day up. So like, book clients on those workouts like 5 p.m. book book book book. Just a force force it. You know, prior to the COVID bullshit, I used to go to a movie every day. I ever train. I was like, I'll just get a movie in the moment of the day. Like you even drink your pre workout. See you stay awake the whole movie. The pre workout take all your pump and shit. And then you just walk into the theatre, sit down with your food. Watch the whole movie. And then you're home from the gym. Same time. Dogs don't know the difference at some of your post workout time for you to do. You don't disrupt the dog's life at all. He's not from the gym. He looks a little flat, but he's home at least. Yeah, that's funny. That's funny. Okay, so I had a good friend of mine. I get a question here. It's how to keep insulin sensitivity in the offseason. But, at a good friend of mine, message you other day. And he's a bodybuilder who's like, I think he's 41. I can't quite, I will do this. It's 40. We'll say he's 40. And anyways, he's been the okay peating on an office whole life, good bodybuilder, very serious hardcore guy and all-agible, all that stuff. And he said that he's been testing his blood sugar. And occasionally, sporadically tested butcher. And he noticed that lately, he really high. And he was worried that he maybe needs to like stop taking GH and lose some weight and go in a deficit. And because this has been a lot of years of being on and off gear and taking a lot of GH and he's one of those guys that get his hands on real GH. So he took like, he's taken it and he's pulled around with insulin and all that stuff. And he's just the concern. He's like, you know, I'm seeing some like blood sugar that was, you know, resting blood sugar that's like too high. And he even like messed around with a little bit of insulin to control it. And then he realized he was controlling his blood sugar with a little bit of insulin. Right. And he's like, what do I do? But I think you need to lose weight, start cardio, go into a carried deficit, stop taking GH and go with hormone. And anything that could make you insulin resistant at all. Right. So how do you feel about that? Well, I think in his case, to be factoring in his age and everything else, I think that's a very obvious choice because you are looking at periods of life of doing things that you definitely don't have caused this. This aren't caused by eating like an asshole where because a lot of people that really is what it is, is they throw off their insulin seriously because after a show, they binge out and then they keep so much shit in their diet all year. It's really not an insulin sensitivity problem. It's what they're feeding. Right. You know, and that's very, very common and that's an easy fix typically. I mean, one of the fastest ways is going straight with keto, real keto, and getting people back where they need to be in his case. Yeah, that I factor age into everything. Right. I mean, even myself as I look at what I would like to do next. I said, well, shit, I'm also 39. So, you know, at some point, you want to make the decision to come down before the decision has made for you. Right. You know, and in his case, yeah, I mean, I'm sure it'll be an easy fix, you know, a couple months of doing that, bringing the way down, playing up the diet, getting rid of the things that definitely calls it. You'll have no issues. And at that point, he can assess what he wants to do next. That's the beauty of it, too. And you would do a real keto. Yeah, true, which most people have no idea what that is and they're not even close to it. Because with true keto, you also have to watch your protein levels. Right. You're not going to fall in the true ketosis, eating 70 ounce of meat a day. I know, that sounds crazy. But just people are thinking, how's that? It's a fact. You've got a lowly protein, too. Okay. The obsession has to change. Once you're getting into that, obsession has to change to whatever it takes to handle this. Right. You can't be also concerned being a bodybuilder. Right. So, most people who do keto do too low a fat, too high a protein. Yep. And then they're just turning protein into glucose anyways. Instead of, instead of turning fats into fat fuel. Yeah, because what's happening is your body with carbs in the system, the glucose is essential already there. We have body is an adaptive machine. So if they're not there, it says, well, we can use this protein. It's not as efficient, but we don't have any other option. That'll become, whereas, like you said, if your fat is high enough and your protein is moderate, it's going to go with fat because again, it's easier. It's all about efficiency if you're in body. What's the easiest way to do this? In Carl. Cool. That's pretty much exactly what I said to do. He had already mentioned something about keto. So I was like, oh, okay, I'm excited. So I didn't mention that to him. But yeah, that's, he said he's starting to deficit and cardio today. So, okay. Good advice, Dusty. Well, since it was the same, it was great advice. Yeah. You're advice was excellent. It was flawless in fact. Okay. You got another one? I have a million, but here, let's. Okay. For more back thickness, do you cut your widening movements or do you just add more thickening movements? Wow. I don't really, I don't really think about back training that way. I get what he means. Yeah. I think it rose and pulled down and all the different planes of motion in between the straight row and the vertical pulled down. So I just, I mean, it depends. I doubt his volume is so high that he can't add some extra work. Most people need some extra work when they're back anyways. And most people, like your back training volume is incredibly low. But you have perfect activation of your entire back all the time. So a lot of people don't have that, you know, the connection with their back that someone like you or Dorian has. So they probably need more back volume. I think most people should do way more back volume than most other body parts because there's just all those planes of motion and all the stuff of the shoulder blades going on and that sort of thing. So I'm kind of, I can see that as a reasonable thing to do is just add volume. Again, I don't know what's training intensity or how he's put together. I doubt he's built like you. I doubt he gets a perfect, you know, vicious, violent, lat contraction on every single thing he grabs and pulls on, which is a skill that you possess. So, you know, most people would be just add more work to your back. But if he's like different, if he's already training with maxed out intensity and big poundages and stuff like that, then maybe you're looking at shifting focus to more rowing movements and right. Hold down movements. Again, I'd have to see what his back looked like. Yeah. And I think too, that's, you know, your correct is it's funny. I say thickness and width all the time. But also no one in my head that a lat fires or it doesn't. Because bigger, when it grows, it grows in every direction. Yeah. I'm not going to be a little bit more tricky because I actually speak the same way while knowing, yeah. It's not how it works. But it's how it works. You know, yeah. And I think it's key to argue, like at least point those things out though, because I was having this conversation yesterday about branch chains. Okay. You know, we have a study comes out and our branch chains are useless. And they're just garbage, their garbage, their garbage, garbage, garbage. And I nod. And I pour some branch chains in my glass and I use them because I've used them for years and years, I can physically tell a difference when I'm using them. I've seen changes in my body when they're in versus when they're not in. So I don't give a shit. What one study says now, I use EA's also. But same thing with back is my point. I understand the lat is he defying or it's not. But I also understand that if I'm doing a row, a normal row versus a penalty row, pulled right up underneath my chest, I am hitting the back differently. Yeah, because the shell. It's still firing. But exactly. Exactly. Scared there's a moving differently. We were delts to get involved, traps involved differently. There's a lot of factors that come into play. So you got to be cautious with just saying, well, science says the lat fires are a doesn't. Science says branch chains are shit. Right. You know what you mean? I know what you mean. That's why I think back is complicated and require us more volume for most people. Yeah. What does it mean to hold your field? It's tough. Yeah. I think that that's another key is, okay, when you're nearing the end of a workout, is there any part of your back from your neck to your ass crack that isn't blown out? Because if there is, then you need to figure out what movement will hit that for you. Yeah, sure. I can get that out of a barbolo. Yeah. I'm not too small of our work. Let me down. All right. See, they think they think rose and pull downs. But I also have another subcategory. When I think of like when I'm putting my back to work out together, I would always think, okay, I'm going to do two pulling movements. I'm going to do two rowing movements. And then I have a fifth movement. And I'm going to see how my back feels at the end. And I'll decide what movement that's going to be. Where is there not a lot of blood? Where is it going to use more blood? So sometimes at fifth movement, maybe it's kind of a high row on the supported chest, because I feel like I need more blood in between the shoulder blades, or maybe it's like a lower lat exercise, or maybe it's just straight up dead lifts. So I would kind of think that way. And then when it came to rowing, I would always make sure that I put the emphasis on bent over unsupported rows. Right. So I think a camera to do three rowing exercises today, but only one of them is just supported. Right. So because, you know, I was always aware of, I wasn't that type of dead lift or you are where I religiously dead lifted. So I would rely on a lot of heavy unsupported dumbbell rowing and barbell rowing and T bar rowing to get a lot of the director to get a lot of the, a record up the spine. I would, they while if you're not going to be a deadlift or you at least have to be a T bar rower on a barbell rower, right? Right. For sure. There's still a lot of thickness in those movements when you're doing them with 300, 300, 400 pounds. Yeah, for sure. So, but the thing you have to make sure you avoid is people who do all supported rows and pull down. Mm-hmm. There's that's where you're just not going to have a back there. That's not where the back is. I think you just factor in. I mean, that simple, it's a simple thing. There's a reason that you lean towards those. They're easier to do. Yeah, it just is. It's easier to do. I mean, here, it's a lot easier to do a hammer row seated than a dumbbell row. Right. Yeah, it just is. I mean, there's just something about getting that dumbbell from the ground and fucking rowing it that makes it different. Yeah. And even though you got your hand on something, it's not like a supported row because most of your weight is still on your feet. Yep. And your hand is really like a difference. Yeah, and I can even like, I can even like wiggle my hand across the rack during my set if it's not in the right spot. Right. Like there's definitely not like hundreds of pounds on it. Yeah. Yeah, that's all in your, that's all in the arms. So yeah, no, it's key, but yeah, I'm glad you, glad we brought that one up at solid. Okay. Okay. What's the plan, Dusty? Oh, well, now that we're done with this, it's, I have all my, I did all my adulting this morning, grocery shopping and everything. So today's cook, cook day. Got to be ready. This whole eating thing again has been a lot. Yeah. So you haven't touched 300 pounds yet. Have you? No, I was 298 this morning. Oh, really. So yeah, because I was thinking it's probably coming soon. That's why I asked. Yeah, no, we're right there. I was 298 and what's funny and the openly is I haven't added in any of the things that most people would think because the first step I had planned on it. But I started eating and I was just like, the changes were quick. Because I hadn't very much and so long. So I was like, that's just, let's get to three with nothing. Like, right, you know, just the normal supplements and food. And it's went so well that now it's kind of like, I'm curious to see how quick three ten will come. Right, right. Because I think it'll be the fastest and then that's when the fight will begin. Because I mean, I haven't been even three ten in years. So I think I'll shoot to there and then it'll be a fight. That's good. Yeah, so we'll see. I had something I was going to quickly tell everyone about because I didn't mention it. But I tore my hamstring. I didn't bring out a show. Remember, my hamstring tear that I told you about? Yes. So I tore my hamstring Christmas Eve. And so what's the date today? What is it? See 11th, 11th. So it's been like almost three weeks. And it's doing really good. It's like the bruises gone. It's, you know, it's a little tight. Like when I've end over to touch my toes, I can feel that hamstring needs more flexibility. Right. You know, last, last leg day I did. I put the pin on the ten pound plate on the hammer, leg curl. And I did a bunch of single leg curls with just ten pounds in the weight of the arm, you know? Right. And it like filled up with blood and got really warm. I've been using TB 500 and BPC 157 and no GH though. I don't have any. And I've been using that. And yeah, and it's a heel and up really well. I've got a grass and tool. And I've got the massage gun. So I'm working it with a grass and tool. And I'm hitting it with the massage gun and, you know, moving it around a lot. And it's heel, it's heel and really fast. It's heel and really fast. So anyways, I tore it on my bike. I fell off my bike to where my hand is straight. I figured I'd tell this story. It was Christmas Eve. I said, I'm going to ride for one hour. And then I'm going to come up and we're going to watch a movie and stuff. So I rode for one hour. And there was a trick that I pulled off. That I had never, I hadn't pulled off. And I was like, fuck. And I looked at my washing. It was 8 p.m. And I'm like, oh, it's 8 p.m. It's time to go in. And I was like, I got to do one more time. In there it was. And I fell. And I just sort of put my foot forward. Like I jumped off the bike and my foot planted. And I, but I bent over and touched the ground with both hands. Right. Because I was like, stuck like running forward, you know? And so as soon as my hands hit the ground, I felt pop in the back of my hand string. And I just, I just went limp. I didn't fight it, you know? And I just went limp and shoulder rolled. And then I sat up. And I was like, oh fuck, oh fuck. Because I was like, I've heard guys say that they pop to hammy. Yeah. And I'm like, what do you mean pop? If you popped it would be torn off, you idiot. Like I just, I didn't think that you could feel that feeling. And not have it. Like it was weird. Unravel, yeah. The way it felt, I thought something came off. So I was laying on the ground, grabbing the tendons feeling around. And I was like, oh, everything is attached. And then I was feeling the muscle belly. And there's no lump or ball or anything. Yeah. And I was like, what the fuck it? What was that feeling? Because it was a fuck. I felt like someone punched me in the leg. Yep. And I was like, oh man, like when you get a cramp in it, like pulls like that's what it felt like. And I was like oh shit, you know, because I swore I felt it like, come away. And I thought, okay, it's definitely gonna bruise. And I actually had a hard time getting up. I had to like roll over and kind of figure out how to stand up without activating it at all, because it was super fucking sore. Right. And I limped home. Like I had to limp. I came in the door with my bike and like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I was like limping. I was pretty worried for a while. I didn't say anything. I just posted a picture of the bruise on my back on my leg. About five days later, I woke up and it was like a big purple spot. And I was like, oh, there we go. Okay, so I did tear something. I've been waiting for you. I've been waiting for you to show up and prove that I knew exactly what happened. But now the bruises gone and there's, it's dry again. So I can actually see all my hamstrings again when I flex them. Right. So it seems to be pretty good. I just gotta make sure I rehab it enough before I like, you know, get back on the bike. So I'm gonna do, I'm gonna, I'm gonna book in with my buddy Tyler and do a couple of footwork sessions with him this week. Right. And I wanna make sure I'm moving again because I'll admit when I tore it out. I, my first two weeks, I just rested it. I wasn't like trying to move around. I was like fucking seated, dumb old curls, seated side ladders. I didn't wanna put any hip pop into it, you know? Yeah, yeah, for sure. You know, brains put in the dumbbells on my lap because I didn't wanna pick anything up. So it's good. But yeah, I'm looking forward. My goal is to be back on my bike by the beginning of February. Right. And now I'm actually, I'm gonna try to beat that, I think. So you know, I'm feeling ambitious. So that's when then obviously Brad Rodis tore his quad the other day. So I've been talking to him and he was sharing all the modalities he's doing. He's got the hyperbaric chamber. He's like, I'd fucking astronaut, sleeping in a chamber and all this shit and he's got his, he's got the narrow fit on his quad. And then he's got it wrapped in one of those fucking sleeves that like ice machine. Ice machine it. So he's just any sleeps up for like eight hours. So he said he goes, this is the perfect, he's such a positive dude. Yeah. This is the perfect advertisement for my medical and wellness center that's opening. Yeah, it's getting him. What I'm doing to myself. Rehabing my quad in record time never seen before by any athlete ever. Like, he was the red, the red light thing and the whole day too. He's like, I want NFL teams calling me. Go ahead. You need to get our guys. We gotta, we gotta fucking line back or hear we need them in there. Like, you know what I mean? Like that's his goal, right? Is like high level people come in there with torn shit and just healing them as fast as possible. Right. So he's such a positive guy. So our best wishes obviously go out to Brad. You know, rehabbing the torn quad. And none of you guys are doing this shit in the gym. He was playing basketball, you're riding them. Remember the first thing I asked you when you told me I go, bike or gym? Yeah. That's not a bike. That's pretty shared by him. I was proud of you when you said bike was like, I good. Hey, you know what, you know what, don't mind? If, if, if, if, I now that I'm sort of part of this so like flat land world, they say like, if you're not falling, you're not riding. That's what you, what think about it? That's true. If you wouldn't, then you're not pushing yourself. If you don't fall, you're not pushing. Yeah. Like you're just not riding. You're just doing tricks you already know how to do over and over. Yep. You know what I'm just talking about? It's so true though. I think the same way I'm like, if you didn't fall, you're in trying. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. You don't pushing yourself. That's classic. Yeah, yeah. OK. Thanks, Dusty. Remember everybody like, share, subscribe, comment, ring the bell. We appreciate the questions. I love the format. We both kind of adopt a Dusty where we do our own questions. Like, sometime in the week, and then we just save a bunch of them for the show. Because it's, again, efficiency. It's like, because you get a lot of good ones. And you can't cover them all. And then some of them are like, well, fuck, I can't do a little blip about this. That's too long. Yeah, how you a lot of them? And then sometimes we double cover, you know? Because you know, you know, you have to get a lot of the questions, too. Or, yeah, or I take the question like, but now I need to know a little more around. Yeah, yeah, yeah. OK. OK. Yeah, thanks, everybody. I know that you have a couple of guest waiting in the wings as do I. So we'll have to start booking people now new year. And try new lineup, you know? Same with us. There we go. Thanks, guys. Remember, everybody. It's just bodybuilding.