Hey everybody, welcome to It's Just Body Building Episode 77. Of course, Dusty Hancham myself, Ron Partlo, I've got no hat on today. We got a lot of Instagram questions right here on It's Just Body Building. Episode 77 Dusty, the Ray Bork episode. I know that made me so excited when you said that earlier. I was loved when I slide a hockey reference in there. I mean, Bruins, do you have the old time hockey? I think it's my one redeeming quality as a Canadian. I think if I didn't have any hockey knowledge, you'd probably would have just posed me a long time ago as a Canadian. Yeah, you wouldn't have, because you're going to Canadian at that point. But you don't even talk Canadian either. Like, you're not an overly egg guy. You know what I mean? I drop them in there. I drop them in there. Maybe I'm just conscious of it when I'm around very judging people, Dusty. Or I'm as Canadian as anyone else, and I don't catch them. Could be possibly possible. How have you been doing? You're still 300 plus. How's that three-on-our-plus life? You know what? It's been surprisingly comfortable. Okay. I'm shocked. I did get a sleep study. Oh, I still do not have sleep at me. Really? Just blows my mind. No, no. Do you think there's a reason you don't have sleep at me, or do you just think you're lucky? Think I'm just lucky. Because I do. Everyone I know, number one, I don't really snore. Yeah, it's been a time of just crazy. If I do, I know exactly why I can only sleep on one side. But I thought because I was having sleep issues. I was like, I wonder if I'm waking up and not knowing. Yeah, of course. Because of that. You know, so got that done and, yeah, I mean, nothing. Nothing abnormal. And you only have normal things being my size and not really having me. Did they tell you how many times did you wake up? You know what was interesting is, so I don't wake up much. The issue is the same thing I had at home when I wake up on my mom. So I don't wake up. You know, typically, do a sleep study. You wake up. You follow. Like people don't even know they're waking up. Right. They're just coming out of the sleep. They take a brain wave thing. It's not even like a wake up thing. Yeah. So yeah, you know, basically they said, my, my patterns of sleep are normal. But when I actually wake up, even if I'm exhausted, it's only been three hours. I literally will lay there now for three hours. Right. So you weren't because I'm just wondering what the threshold like, you know, theoretically, like, let's see, got six hours of sleep. And you woke up 10 times. Yeah. Yeah. That's that. Like how many times a hour? Because that was my, I mean, I went in there and told them, She had the only reason I was there was assuming sleep happening because quite honestly, I was also looking at as an edge. Like, if I even have a little bit, yeah, I can get my insurance to script me for the machine and use it. Yeah. So I don't care about using it, especially now that the new ones are like, up your nose as an interview. But I wouldn't even qualify. Yeah. That's not the whole way. It was getting some free shit. Same as always. And I'm trying to get a t-shirt. You know, I always, I was thought I should probably get one done, but now I've dropped like a bunch of weight. And I remember I snored when I first hit 300. So my first time hitting 300 was in 2001. And I just, I mean, I just weren't going to have a trust me. There was no one. And it was like full blown like debaul. And Burger King, like I said, like it was. I wonder what the case is. And I was snoring a deficit. I did snoring. I can't see when I'm back though. I just snorkeled on my back for sure. Yeah. I can't sleep on my back. I just don't. Yeah. I can't sleep on my couch and stuff before that way. Yeah. And I will have a big band. I can't, you know, then I'm waking up. But yeah, I also wanted to, when you became 300 leaner, I bet you weren't doing that anymore. No, I like I said, I snored when I first hit 300. But then like, you know, years and years later, I found out I wasn't snoring at that weight. So, you know, I think it's, you know, they say it as, it's like largely dependent on this or comforts of your neck. Is like the stats. Yeah. It's a frightening. No wonder I don't have it as you. I think the three main factors are the number. The number one factor is being male. Check. Because like almost no females have sleep apnea because it's, they're just not big enough. And then, and then of course, circumference in the neck is like a huge predictor. And then I think body weight. It's smaller and you're big or it being big. Being big. Like the bigger your neck is, the more likely you have sleep apnea statistically. It's interesting. Yeah. So, but of course, you know, I always joke that the reason I have such a big macus because I have such a huge head. So it's like, it's, it's the head to hold this fucking thing. Yeah, I mean, I was like, yeah, but you know, the, the ones on the toothpick like, you know, So I married an actuator. Right, right, right. You know, because I, I have, uh, I had a suit made. Matt and I like two years ago, I think. And the guy made me like, my neck was twenty two and a half inches. Right. Yeah, yeah. I knew it was big. Yeah, that's that's a real deal, big neck. I know, I've been no neck club since like 1993. So, you know, I spent many years just like that, you know, The traps to the, to the, to the don'ts. Oh, yeah, just, just nothing but hoodie, you know. Fuck it. So, okay, so everything's going good for you then. You're strong, you're healthy. Yeah, body feels great. I'm actually took, um, I'm going to have take, I will take it five days off straight. Um, intentionally just Tom is getting ready to start prep for Gene and Ashens. Oh, okay. So I told him I was like, you know what, I wanted to take some days off. I'm going to say it. Yeah. Yeah. And, you know, usually I lose my mind if I'm not in the gym. It's been good. Then relaxed. I did lower my food intentionally because I decided, All right, before we do this really big push. Because it's a condemned and I are going to do a video series on 16 weeks. So it's kind of, it's really like a prep of off season. You know, like, yeah, yeah. Um, so I was like, fuck it. So I've been eating four or five times a day, um, which I was, but small, you know, I think I, like, last minute I had this town's estate in 300 grams of rice, like, Norm, yeah. I mean, we're not all just three in our pound guide meals. So, so I'm not, I'm not looking forward to Wednesday when I got to get back out of it because I'm going down there and filming with them. And we'll be back to normal. Okay. Okay. Um, things here are great. My hamstrings healing. Are you back in the bike? No, not yet. I'm being very cautious. Um, I did. Uh, I decent leg workout the other day. You know, like I went with like that, you know, like, warm up prep weights. Right. And I did like super careful deliberate like, like curls and presses and I did some pendulums, but like, you know, a less weight, but, but I moved the weight. So it's actually pretty hard to actually fail on a couple sets. So it was like, good. I just feeling the stretch. Solid. Solid. Yeah. Yeah. I did some hyper extensions. Yeah. I was able to do my first like, you know, first, stretch load, hip extension. Actually, that's why I asked. I was like, we all know that you can curl. It's get the curl with a full stretch or not. You know, yeah, yeah, yeah. So yeah, feels good. And it's funny how fucking pumped. Um, while first of all, my legs, because I hardly, not anything for like a month, right? Just to do an extensions. So the pump was like brutal and agonizing. And I was like leg press and eight plates for sets of ten, like real careful. And like, no, I was pretty sore, but the pump was just a rageous. And then, uh, and then the pump in that hamstring is extra rageous. So it's like, there's still something going on there that causes it to like feel like it's got to pull extra blood or something. I don't know what it is, but it's got to help it. You'd think getting it just in gorge with blood would help it. You do. You have your, you know, tissue guy doing a company on it. To keep it open. No, I've been scraping the shit out of it with my grass and tool and gunning it every day, every second day. And once I gun it and scrape it, I do like toe touch holds and, you know, some groin stretches and really working on it. So yeah, because it actually, if you, I don't know why if anybody who puts a cup on you and leaves it there is fucking confused. Uh, that's been debunked a hundred years ago. If you put it on and move it around, it is actually separating. So tissue and what's on top of muscle from muscle and you move it, you'll actually feel in here like gravel. And then as you keep going, it'll go away. If you had that mix and that healthy, you'll be stunned. I have my clients buy a cuping tools because they're cheap. And as long as you don't crank it on, you just have to won't fuck yourself up. Because, you know, I've never been convinced by what I've seen and read of like cupping and I see people with everything just stuck to them laying there and a ball is just like, I'm not convinced. Yeah, do the same thing on the move it. So, okay, I actually feel it separate because now everything else is pressing into it, you know what I mean? You're, you're grass and everything else. Now you're actually separating and pulling should of part. It brings blood there. You'll feel like it warm. Okay. And then when you do the tissue and top of it, it'll loosen like half the time. Okay. Well, you know, I'm open minded. I'm going to try. Okay. I'm going to try. Okay. I'm going to try. Okay. Okay. Okay. You pay other people to tell you what's good idea. Yeah. Okay. Understandable. That's all of my smarts from. I'm a great human. I have Google level knowledge of the whole universe. Like you long said, it's already done. Yeah. And if I, and if I hear, if I hear it on one of my podcast, and I just think, oh, that's straight from like a PhD guy. So I have a PhD level knowledge of that topic. So I'm a doctor. Yeah. There you go. Essentially. And I take shots. I mean, how am I not a doctor? Yeah. Okay. Do you want to start with questions or you have some stuff you want to chat about? Let's do questions and that always seems to lead us down. Yeah. We don't know. We don't tend to want to. We don't tend to get much down with the questions. So. Okay. Well, here's one. Let's start with this one. Currently, no appetite in the offseason at all. And I've still got months to go. It just feels like it shut down. How do you deal with this? An easy fix is to do like 10th of payments walking before you. Like what? Like what? Like what? What? I mean, it's often as you want. I mean, I'm not saying go on a treadmill. Like walk. Yeah, just boost things up. So when I'm dead in the offseason, I've granted not every has it's got to make that happen. But the things I do, like say you're working, you're going to have lunch. You got to hour, 10 or 15 minutes and you can outside and just do it. Crazy. Yeah. You should like walk. Promise that meal of it. I'm easier. So, you know, breakfast, lunch, and dinner, at least you do that. It'll boost you up a ton. Right. And don't kind of torture cardio and don't be. And also cardio is in the mix. I think so many guys in this is where you and I don't do this. The same. I'm a believer in cardio in the offseason for both the heart and because it helps you appetite. Yeah. No, I actually, that's the first thing I tell guys is if you can't eat your food, let's add some cardio. And I should have done that more. Like looking back, I would have done more offseason cardio. You know what I mean? But, you know, I didn't. I was in that old school like, nah, save the cardio. You know what I mean? But I would have done a little bit more of something offseason. But I think it's a good way to keep your appetite up. And then the other option is of course you could like, I mean, fuck, maybe he'd benefit from doing like something unorthodox like a 24 hour fast. It's just once. I might like, joltam or maybe just do a two week mini cut or something. I know you don't want to waste time in the offseason, but sometimes that's how you get ahead. So, I guess it just depends. First, I think also some some guys eat so much junk that it gives us the slower clean up your offseason. But what's your offseason actually look like? Yeah, yeah. I know a lot of people that use the offseason is like, well, I just got a good calories and I agree to a point. But when I'm in the in the gest and nail in my offseason, and I throw in like a complete shit meal, whatever that would be, something really garbage. And that's when it really hurts when you're in versus chicken rice and like I press food with things like avocado, where it's like it's a ton of calories and it's very little substance. Yeah, but that fat versus the fat from you know, chili cheeseburger. It's a different thing. I think as far as how it's going to weigh you down, if you can eat that way and still get your food and I was saying wrong with it though, that's the that's where I find myself contradicting from one client to the next. Yeah, because some of them can do it or need to do it. And others are like, man, I had that cheap moment, but then I couldn't get the six meal down. I'm like, well, that's like this. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. No, I agree. If you can do your offseason, but have it look like contest food on paper. I bet you'll be hungry here. Then if it looks like a bunch of junk. You know what I mean? Oh, for sure. Okay, you got one is failure failure. Heavyweight or lightweight as long as you go to fail, you're going to grow question mark. Well, that's actually pretty much what the science is telling us. I mean, I remember reading that study a while ago about that hypertrophy study. And they said that at the end of the day, over the course of all the different, it was like a meta study and all the different stuff they saw. They said that three to 30 rep range seems to produce hypertrophy. And the only common thing was going to failure training intensely high effort and RP of nine or more. You know what I mean? So that was interesting. And then I know that Brad Schoen and Feld guy that scientists guy. He was just on Foo Ed's podcast a couple weeks ago, the real body building. And he talked about that study and explained it in a little bit more depth. It is interesting. So I think this study said I don't quote me on this, but I think this strength gains were obviously better with the lower reps. Right. But hypertrophy was an intensity. You know, that joined a failure seem to be one of the triggers or close to it. I think too, and this is part of the question, you do have to pay attention on what you look like. Yeah. And what works for you because I do not all doubt the hypertrophy. I do think hypertrophy, but I think that you have to ask you more of what it looks like. Because I do think there is a common denominator on guys who hate to word heavy. Train heavier and what the muscle looks like. Look at Dorian. Look at these guys. Like there is a common denominator of weight. And the equal increase in muscle mass doesn't mean it looks the same. That's what I can say. Also, I guess there's a, and this is going to be maybe hard for me to put into words. But I sort of suspect that the smaller and newer you are. Right. Right. The, I mean, the weaker you're going to be. Right. So training in really heavy rep ranges isn't nearly as dangerous. Right. You know what I mean? Like you get a guy who's bench in two plates. I mean, the training in the five to seven rep range a lot is actually very efficient for him. Right. I mean, it, it's, he gets a lot of stimulation. He's training heavy. The way it's built up in his strength. So that adds to the formula down the road, Bum, Bum, Bum, Bum, Bum. Whereas a guy who's like already like your size, I mean, you could do a 15 rep set and get like, or a 20 rep set of anything and get like crazy activation and failure of all your fibers and. Right. Your nervous system's more adapted and all that sort of stuff. So there might be like all these nuances in there that aren't part of that study. Yeah. saying is when you want to get these facts, take them into account. Because you know, that's the main over the years you have even guided me on some mood. It's like, okay, you're the strength now where I understand what's heavy to you for 10 is the same, just higher weight than someone else for 10, but you've got ligaments and joints and things that aren't made for that anymore. So how can you make it harder to force yourself to bring the weight down? Yeah, I just remember when I did a lot of conversations about like, well, maybe you should go slower instead of adding more weight or maybe you should pause the bottom instead of adding more weight or you know, I mean, the only, so number that number one thing that that I think of when that topic comes up is I remember Dorian once said that looking back, he said he developed so much strength and power that he became a danger to himself. Right. When did you say he was using a machine in it? The machine moved. That he was doing leg extensions and he was so explosive that the machine would shift on every rep. And now the door. So there's like a full stack with fucking plates on it. And he's hitting the top so hard that the machine is becoming weightless for a split millisecond and shifting on the floor. Right. So, you know, he was generating, I think the, he said he was generating for so much power that he was a danger to himself. And then, you know, the injury started coming. So I was just kind of, I remember when he said that I was like, oh, that's that could be a thing. Like I could understand that. Yeah. You know, that's in in a lot of ways. That's exactly for example, why body builders, always tear hamstrings when they start being athletic. Even though they try to avoid because they have so much strength in those muscles, like, you know, your leg curling entire stack, you're stiffly deadlifting 400 plus pounds. You have all this unbelievable power in the hamstring that most athletes don't have. Yeah. But the, you know, everything around it isn't used to the speed and immediate stopage and the, you know what I mean? Of whatever. So that's why, you know, body builders tend to get hurt when they, when they cross over to athletic stuff at first because their nervous system isn't set up for all that stuff. But, you know, you could see that a muscle could, you know, a guy could get so powerful that, you know, the joints start going, uh, can't hold this down. Yeah. You know, you said with the running, you're, you have the same level of explosion. Only now you don't have the 400 pounds that keep it in a control. It's just your body weight. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So stuff just, let's make our talking stuff, stuff starts hitting the end of its length and it's just too much. Yeah. That's uh, I always tell, what I'm trying to teach people how to train. It's like control in the negative and then I always call it a violent explosion. Right. You see their brain like, what do you mean by that? I'm like trust me. I, it's like, it's a lot when you give it. It just can't look like a lot because a thousand pounds on top of you. I, uh, I have a, I have a session booked with my trainer and the money Tyler at the gym. He's like, real athletic coach and he's a guy that helped me with my footwork a little bit so far. So I, yeah. So I have a session with him on Wednesday and we're going to move around a bit and, you know, and also too, I, I send him videos of like, I'm like, this is, this is what I want to be able to do in like five years and I send him videos, right? And he messages me back. He's like, you have to learn how to fall. I, I love that. I love that. And I was like, yeah, you're right. I do and he's like, on on Wednesday, we're going to do some breakfalls. We're going to get you falling down. We're going to fall down. We're going to, we're going to fall down. We're going to learn how to fall. And he's like, because it's just, it's good skill you have to have. And I was like, yeah, you're right, totally right. I mean, I was taking a footwork and being able to jump around, which is super important, but he's totally right. I got to learn how to fall down better. And I've actually had some really good ones. Like, I've had some slams, man. But I like shoulder rolled. Like, I still had the, the nervous pattern is still in there. And I remember the first time I shoulder rolled out of a trick and I stood up and my whole back was just covered in dirt. And I mean, I'm feeling for broken things. Yeah. I was immediately like, my god, my, and I'm like, okay, you know, and I realized that was 100% fine. And I was like, holy shit, I, you know, that could have gone bad. But I managed to like, you know, and I fall in my gut, so shit would have been broken to show. Yeah. So I feel like I've gotten lucky a few times. And then the hamstring pop was like a little reminder like, you know, I'm, you got, maybe not the first time. But when you guys get, when you're comfortable doing that with him, you got to record it. Yeah. Yeah. I why I put up a few videos before when I first started moving and then everyone just messages me, man, you're slow. I'm like, I have a moved in 30 years asshole. Other people think that we wouldn't know that. I literally say that all the time. I'm like, dude, there's not a athletic bone. I, yeah, I had the ladder out. I had the ladder out on the turf. And I'm like, doing the footwork. Right. And the important thing, because my trainer is right there. He's like, don't worry about how fast you're moving. It's that's get the pattern right. Right. Well, that's what I'm doing. And then like 10 people message me, holy shit. Is that as fast as you can go? Look, fucking like, I'm like, I was literally told not to think that way. Well, yeah, sorry, I'm not to brush it. Yeah, just some people. Oh, well. And then I, I quickly message some back all the helpful advice I could. Yes, I'm sure you're a giver. Okay. Who would survive longer on a desert island? It doesn't say it doesn't say it desert. It says on an island. So it could be jungle with nothing but a Swiss army knife. You were dusty. You. Not even a question if my life at all, because the only thing I would be doing is sitting at the edge of the water trying to find a place where my cell phone would work to get someone to come. He's sitting there. I got no bars. Ma. The meatloaf. We want to now. I put a sharpen spear in your other hand and tell you to throw at any fish that you saw and then I'd go cut firewood. There's no, yeah, that would not be. I feel bad because I have not represented myself well if someone thinks that there's a shot in the hell, like it survived. Dude, it's, I'm embarrassed for myself. I thought about that many times. I thought about that. You remember, you remember the show lost? Yes. So I'm in like, I remember like that, like, you know that. I remember the whole first, like I think I watched the first four seasons religiously. But I remember just a concept to get stuck on an island. You're like, holy fuck, it'd be, of course, I had all that extra luggage to rummage through. That wouldn't be, you know, full, very helpful. I always thought, you know, if I was, if that was my situation and you see all that luggage floating in the water, you got to get all that. You got to get all those bags, man. Orce, like something might be in there. It's kind of value. Imagine if you had like, even just like imagine finding a can opener or something, like, or a knife or a board, do you think anything? I mean, you're like, I don't know why I need this scale, but I might weigh something or antibiotics or like, yeah, anything or just a nice clean pair of underwear. Hey, it's a fucking cold in my food. Fuck. I need to check it. You was funny. I mean, all kidding aside, it would be, I think in the beginning for anyone, you'd be a train wreck, and then you get efficient because you have to. I mean, that's what is actually cool about the way we're wired is if you could somehow survive on accident in the beginning, you would begin to become efficient and find a way because the end of the day, that's, that's the old saying, I read a funny and it's something I share quite a bit as suicide's a normal issue in the world. It's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a middle Eastern saying, but it says, you know, if you think you want to die, I have someone drop you off a million, you know, watch yourself struggle to stay alive because I don't want to die, you want to kill a part of yourself. Right. I'm saying thing like, someone like me that says, there's no fucking way I would die. My final real quickly, you become a lot more resilient than you think because once you realize that the guy's not going to come fix your shit and you got to fix the refrigerator on your own, yeah, you'll give it a crack. I might only have one because I don't want to go through to I ever, but whatever. Right, right, right. I had that fix the hot weed water heater at my house the other day. I don't like people in my house that I don't hire, so I didn't want to call like the maintenance person. But I had to find my screwdriver because I only have one and I had only moved in this place a couple months ago. So I looked for it for like 10 minutes and I realized it was more efficient to just go buy another new screwdriver. Oh, you couldn't find it. I didn't look long enough as I was like, it's fucking gone. Whatever. I was wide out of the way. All right, shit. It was my turn. I wasn't paying attention. So much. You have to go again because I'm not doing my job. What's going on? Go again. I'll be probably ready. Most disgusting meal you've used for gains. You're like, you know, he's this chicken shakes blended me ever. Well, we've planted that for a minute. I mean, I've blended food before. You know, to get just to get his down. Right. But I mean, for me now in hindsight, like the most disgusting thing I've ever eaten was just regular tuna and green means was a normal part of my prep for weeks one time. Supporting and what he's looking for in the answer, but as far as to gain weight, it's never been too crazy because what I typically do because I actually understand macros and are like, like, most body was there. So hardcore. I eliminate things and make it easier. Like, if I can't get food down, I drink a coke to your carbs. Right. Right. Right. Right. So I just simplify it down until it works. You know, so the only thing you might get out of me is a wide variety of food to make the calories work. So I'd say as far he says for gains. So yeah, contest time, I would say tuna and green beans all mashed up in a bowl would probably be the most disgusting thing. And I ate that a lot. Yeah. We both just get when you're when your carbs are low, it's dump hot sauce on it. And it's fucking mash it all up. And he's steam the shit out of the green beans. So they're really easy to eat. Yeah, that was disgusting. And then I remember back when I was in Australia, I used to put my oatmeal in a bowl. And then I crack like six egg whites into it and a whole egg. You might go. And I'd mash like stir it up with cinnamon. I'd just mash it all up and I'd microwave it for a minute. Stir it. My kit stir it. My kit stir it. I do that like four times until it was like thick porridge. Yeah. And then I dump some like vanilla protein powder in there and some berries and just eat that. Yeah. Man, that used to give me the worst gas. But you're not doing it. But I kept doing it because it was just cheap and I just saw bodybuilders were supposed to have gas, you know, you're young. I was like 19, my own bodybuilders were supposed to have gas, you know. And so it's interesting when people talk about the pastries, egg whites and normal egg whites because pastries egg whites never give me gas. It grew right? And if I cook normal egg whites, if I cook them, I'm fine. But that middle of the road where it's like not cooked, it's still technically a liquid. Yeah. Real egg whites? Oh, oh. There if that's something goes on. Real eggs, like, you know, because that wasn't it's cooked enough that the salmon L is gone because you heated it in a mic for four minutes total. Right. But it's not cooked cooked. You know, it's still a liquid. Right. And man, but that was back in like the 90s. We didn't even have the card day whites. Right. Yeah. It was optional. It was the only way. So I just thought I was just, I'm getting my, getting my protein and my carbs in. But then when I stopped eating that meal and my gas immediately disappeared, I was like, oh, wow, that was a lot. Which my argument of course is also if you're getting that much gas from it, some is not getting digested. Right. I did something in that mix. You're like, yeah, my body will always think, oh, man, I ate that meal way, way, way too many times, way too many times. Hey, what's going on, guys? Thanks for watching another podcast here. I think big body building media. And thank you to our great sponsor, Trunutrition.com for making this all possible. Trunutrition.com is owned by Dante Trudeau, the creator of DC training. You wanted to create a supplement company that offered high quality third party test and supplements at a fair price. High quality protein powders, just about every type you could think of. Huge variety of flavors, plus health and performance supplements. Check them out, Trunutrition.com. And hey, if you use our code, advices, you directly support our podcasting. Thanks, guys. Let's get back to the program. I've got a pointed one for you. Oh, okay. It's for both of us, but I want you to answer because your relationship and a couple memorable experiences with Rich. Oh. Okay. I actually put up a picture. I think a throwback of me and Rich. Yeah, I just better. It's all that. It's a few days ago. I think it was this last week. Okay. You have to share the restaurant story in the chair. Because I thought that was a good description of who Rich is that people don't know. Yeah, there's so many stories. I basically do sum it up. I basically met Rich in 2012 when they sent me down to LA to shoot with them for the first time to be part of his series to interview him for one of the episodes. And so that's what I met him. We immediately got along immediately. As soon as I met him, he was like, hey, bro, what's up? I was like, all this guy's fucking awesome. Right. Like, so first second I met him. I was like, oh, man, this can be so easy. Right. And I knew my job was to interview him because Ryan sort of thought, hey, you should be like, you should be talking. We got to put him like, phone your hand. You got to figure out something to do with you. Right. And so I knew my job as to interview him and I just immediately was like, so relieved. And then like, you know, you know how it is when you're shooting stuff, it's like hurry up and wait, right? So you're just sitting around all day bullshitting. And yeah, just like, I remember just thinking like, oh, this is going to be so funny. Oh, this dude. And then also two like we were shooting at Metro Flax. And every single person at Metro Flax was coming up and like shaking his hand. And he wasn't famous yet. Yeah. They just knew him because he was an LA guy. Yep. And mutant had just started putting out some stuff. So he was just getting like, and so the the topic that kept coming up was people were coming over to like, man, I'm so glad things are going good for you. Right. And shaking his hand and like all the brothers and all the other guys and all the Mexican guys and everyone because they know Metro Flax is like LA man. Yeah, for sure. And so I'm much more ocean side for those of you know, no LBC long be long. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, we're in Long Beach. And so that that that that gyms like, you know, there's all types of characters there, man. It's awesome. And um, you know, military guys everyone's coming up. And then I remember Mike Rashid was a trainer there and also before Mike was famous. And Mike wasn't famous yet. I don't know why you the Mike Rashid was. And he came up and introduced himself as a, hey, I'm Mike and I talked to him for a minute. And that's why I first met up and then he just started talking rich like man, fucking awesome to have you guys here and they everyone just loved having them around was funny. Anyways, um, there was never a boring moment. Like, conversation was always funny. Rich was all his talent. Some crazy story about growing up in LA surrounded by the Venice school's body building culture because his mom was a body builder. He basically grew up at Gold's gym. And and like he remembers going to Gold's Venice, like when he was a kid, like, mom was there training every day, right? And so he saw everything there and and he always had these crazy stories. You know, he told me just like, and all the characters rich knew like, you know, all the fucking craziest dudes, you know? So like we're out eating one time right this, he took me to like this Persian place to get this this steak and rice. Right. And it's kind of this total LA like outdoor or we're sitting on a plastic table, you know, like and he's like just the best food in the area. Like fuck the fancy restaurants. This is where you come to you. This guy's got the best food. So we're eating this massive pile of meat and rice and the people that were stopping by to say hi to Rich, like the locals, because we were in his neighborhood, right? Yeah. And the locals like every single one of them was like completely, like, you know, I'm from Canada. These are like movie characters. Right. You know, like Mexican guy with half his face tattooed. Right. He comes up and he's like Rich and they're talking and he's got the low jeans like, and then, you know, he's got the high socks, the total LA Dickie shorts thing like that. And then the next guy that comes by is like fucking homeless guy says hi to him. Right. Hey big man and Rich is like, what's up? And then he goes, we'll give that guy our leftovers. Go. So just stuff like that. He knew everyone man, you know? So, and you know, we walk up to the little window to order the food and the guy just turns. He's like, muscle man, you know, like, just yeah, everyone starts, oh, I got cooks some more food and they're all joking around and he just, it was funny to hang out in LA with Rich in his neighborhood where everyone knew who he was. Like everyone knew him. They didn't know his rich piano. They just knew he's like the muscle man that like hangs out there in the neighborhood. You know, it's funny. Just all the crazy people he knew. And, oh, that restaurant story was we went to we went out for a team dinner at like it was Mexican restaurant in like some fancy part of LA, you know, some nice part of LA. We went to like this Mexican restaurant in the mall and Rich pulls up a chair and sits down in the chair breaks and the restaurant's full of people and the chair breaks and it's like a big scene and he stands up and holds up the broken chair and he goes, I win. He's the biggest. You know, I win. It was pretty awesome. But yeah, yeah, it was good times man, you know. And, you know, I know that guy had like he was an extreme dude. So, you know, his life was fast and furious. But that was just how he rolled and I remember him saying to me, like I remember him saying he's I'm not going to live long. Like I remember he said that to me. And like I remember thinking he was just being like, you know, like I just say in that. But he sort of like knew he's like, I don't know. I'm not slowing down. My life is like full speed ahead. You know, he sort of had that attitude. And so yeah, man, I was just rich, crazy times. But I was very lucky to get to hang out with him because I was like a really interesting time in bodybuilding, like everything changed because of that. Yeah, he was just rich, like not whoever he knows now. I ran into somebody just barely literally who at a restaurant that was like, do you ever know? And it's funny. He says nobody, but a new rich. And he asked if I knew who rich was because I reminded him of his smile as a slap. Because again, he was a good dude. And didn't even take me further. You've ever been. Yeah. And I'm sure when he picked up my checkout for it, he looked like, oh fuck. Yeah. Yeah. No, he, I met a lot of, a lot of cool people because of rich. Yeah. So yeah, that was, that was fun. Fun times, man. You know, so boom, lucky. It was like it was interesting because that changed everything. Like he was the first guy to blow up on IG, like that. He like, you know, 2012 IG came out and he just happened to be out and out. There to watch the explode. It is fun to think of him and Mike were in the same gym and no one would have known who either one was at that point. Yeah. Yeah. That all happened quick. Okay. Um, what are, oh shit. Is your turn now? No, that was just did that one. Where was the one I had? I had this one. I'm talking about the meal thing. What's the biggest blender drink that you ever used on a regular basis? Oh, God. So the radio is exactly what I just said. So I would do ground beef because it was easy. Um, rice. And I just did just regular coke for sugar and just blended it up. That was a normal. It's not good. By the way, wow. And the trick with the coke by the way, if you knew you were going to do that was let it go flat. Right. So you would open it on purpose and let it go bad in the fridge and then just use that as calories. Huh. Wow. I found by using more rice, it would still be like heavy when you would eat it. It's like sitting your stomach. So if I got half of the carbs from sugar, essentially, it's good to go. It was terrible. I don't like, like when people watch because I still drink it. It's terrible. I'm saying I drink egg whites and people are like, oh, I don't know how you do that. I'm like, this is nothing. It slides right down. It has any like thickness to it. I'm like, it's like drinking pudding made of ground beef coke and rice. That's fun. I never did that. I my blender drinks would have been the ones I made in high school where I put like ice cream, yogurt, fruit, bunch of like protein powder, you know, all sorts of stuff in there and blended those up and drank. Like we call that John Bajus in the States. People take $9 for that fucking drink. There you go. There you go. I'm going to go again because this is when I lost growing glutes for female clients. We see a lot of fancy exercises. What are the top three exercises for growing glutes? Growing the glute muscle, glute high-purchasing your feet. Top three exercises. Guards, leg press. And if we're going to throw one of them in, I'll give them a hip thrust if for once in their life they do it right. No one does. Right. Because everyone urges their back. People don't flatten the back and actually crunch the abs a bit. The glutes almost hang on a proper hip thrust and you squeeze the glutes up. You're not driving the hips don't hinge past. You know what I mean? Yeah. Where you're bringing in the hip flexors and so many other muscles. You're tucking your ass underneath your tucking it up. Yes. So that is actually a great movement and the reason that I pissed on was because everybody does it wrong. And I think I see some of the trainers posting and I mean trainers that are in the video and they're doing it wrong. It's like 700 pounds. But it's not a glute movement. Or you see a female doing it and her pelvis is the highest part of her body. And it's like no, it's actually not it's not it's not tucking their pelvis underneath flexing everything in the glutes. Yeah. I would say I had squats lunges and stiff leg deadlifts because stiff leg deadlifts load the gluteus maximus amazingly well. And people always think of them as a hamstring exercise. But there's a huge glute load. If you do them a certain way, your glutes do a lot of work. And I always felt like I got the violent contraction at the top of a stiff leg. If I stood perfectly straight, those are typically straight. Flex my glutes and came out of that. My glutes took a huge pounding. Yeah. But then then the hip thrust is like people forget the hip thrust is like kind of a new exercise. Yeah. Like everyone's all about hip thrust and like well for the first like 25 years of my bodybuilding, no gym had a hip thrust bench. Yeah. And the only people that were doing hip thrust were like the odd fitness check would do them off in the corner with like a little 20 pound weight or something. No one was doing them. And you know there was lots of big glutes in the gym. Lots of good time stage. If you're you know what I did do a lot of and I'm so I'm still a believer in overtraining when it comes and I mean that a positive way. When it comes to trying to get out detail. So I have a lot of my clients do higher rep to modead less. But rather than just like the idea at the top of the rep, your knee is still bent. But your hips are driven so far forward because the glutes fired so hard. So I'll have them do a routine where they do and it's funny you said that they'll do both adductors and adductors 20 reps. Then walk over do a sumo deadlift with whatever weight for me would be 225 20 reps. Then immediately a stiff leg does a full range of motion for 20 reps. Then 80 lunges in a row 40 per side. No but no weight. Do that three sets and that was how I warm up athletes before they start every day. Right. And I'm telling you what you're I mean it's like I've told my athletes like your ass is going to hurt for the rest of this prep. But when I get you inside out you'll know why. Because the detail is is wacky you know. So the it's funny you brought the stiff leg deadlift because I do RDLs and always when people see the video they're like why don't you go up all the way. I don't want to activate the glutes or low back. So as soon as I feel them even begin to enter I go right back to right. Right. Right. Yeah. It's specifically for hamstrings the way I do it. And I stiff leg is even more so it includes I think than on the other side because you have no bend. Right. Right. Okay. Another thing about that that I'll throw in is I think that I'm all about efficiency. Right. You know if you've got X number hours a week to train and you got this so that breaks down to the time for this many exercises that you can put a high level of effort into. I don't believe in doing wasting exercises. Now obviously there's application for all different stuff but I'm just saying generally when you're thinking of being efficient and you want big glutes. You want to focus on training the gluteus maximus. That's the gluteus giant part of the ass that you want to grow. So when I see women spending a ton of time on hip abduction pushing out the hip machine all these different silly positions are doing in the hip abduction machine push them out. They're working their glute meat and their glute men which are on the sides of their hips and are deep in the pelvis and are relatively small muscles. And don't have much potential really at all for hypertrophy like you know you double the size of your glute minimus and it doesn't make a visual difference in your butt you double the size of your glute maximus and your ass is going to be enormously round. Right. There's a lot of time spent on the wrong muscle. Yeah like grab some weights and do some hard lunges get on the squat rack do some squats do some proper hip thrusts where you're activating the shit out of the glute max. Plus the glute men and the glute meat if you're doing lunges and stuff all that stability yeah that's taking care of. You're doing Bulgarian split squats taking care of you know do the big exercises don't waste just time like like I won't be able to change my list if we keep talking. I know I know it's a thing you know and glute's after I do the Bulgarian split squats. You know I'm just not a fan of the glute the glute programs where they do a whole lot. I mean I understand you know there's different levels of fitness and some people are just trying to move and exercise so I'm not shit on everybody but I'm just saying you know if you got that bodybuilder mentality where you're trying to I want like bigger glutes I want more muscle on my glutes you know the competitors mindset get lunging get squatting you know you know I know everybody likes to lunge hard yes we are heels are hard yeah I mean like get your ass kicked I don't care how long you've been lunging when the weight gets high enough it whips your ass got I love walking lunges I dread them fucking dread them because I know this is we we actually just ordered and I think every gym should do this that has a track and let you do lunges is the jack stand version of of right back but I have a someone have a set on either end so I can lunge to it and we're acting and then turn around lunge to it and we're acting for the next set because I was like I just asked Lance I'm gonna hate kind of where these because if I do it alone because of my inability my shoulder movement issues I need two guys to put on my back yeah or you got to use dumbbells or something yeah and then what I'm done that take it off of my back yeah or I can drop it which is not the favorite so that's funny I've I've always dreamed of like having more space at West Coast so I can put an open rack at the end of the turf you know I love that that would be what I'd love to have right now we have two shoulder machines there but I'd love to just have like a fucking open walk through squat rack yeah so you walk let's exactly the only reason I'm doing this way is I can go heavy enough then to literally my one I won't be able to come back yeah that's like it'd be sick then I just set them up rack yeah yeah so yeah I actually just ordered those Friday so I'll have them soon I've been doing a couple of gyms it had like a set of jacks and they had him kind of in the corner but you could just bring them out and set them up that's awesome right yeah yeah it's so much cheaper that way okay I got a really good one but you're in this is this is gonna stop for you yeah top three favorite actors and the role for each of them that made them got that list for you it's too fair ericard who is the actor that's original like we should have bought this one in advance you need to use a week to plan for this Harrison Ford obviously he was Han Solo and Indiana Jones for me right what when I saw the fugitive I realized that Harrison Ford was a fucking legend right it's valid that's a great movie okay oh geez I'm trying to think of some actors what people wouldn't get straight now now if you mconna hay all right all right all right yeah the a lot cooler if you did you know what's good I could get an older and then they say the same thing yeah you know that obviously he went on to act the fuck out of a lot of movies but yeah that Matt to McCoyne is one of my favorites I mean he was great an interstellar too I mean what did you win an Oscar for something I just drawn a blank I'm trying to think because I'm doing two things at once now because of it uh fuck was it oh he said that my favorite movie oh yeah fucking Dallas buyers club yeah oh Jesus fuck was he amazing in that how about uh what was the move with him and where he was the lawyer I think and lawyer no older he was a lawyer I mean yeah yeah yeah he was fantastic in that movie yeah with time to kill was his big break hey yeah that's when he realized he could do a lot of stuff yeah because he did obviously days at confused was the big break where he like got into the industry and everyone's like oh this guy's you know this guy's got something but then he landed the Lincoln lawyer and when it came out all of a sudden his agent was like oh shit you're getting like you're getting off earth now from like scores stazy and like you know his agent called him a little while like day after that movie came out and he was like this might be something that you're not expecting to go quite as big as his um damn I got to pick a third one shit because there's a couple spots left for best actor you know what I mean man I mean you got guys that I've always loved like you got Christopher Walkin and and you got like fucking Jack Nicholson and we got all those guys I was trying to think of some some good roles that people wouldn't have thought of oh I mean I mean Jack Nicholson's done some crazy shit he was awesome and they departed you know he's one of the greatest he's one of the greatest but I'd say you know Matt Leonardo DiCaprio has has done some some amazing stuff man it's hard to pick a third that's a I'm running through the list because I was trying to think of some less obvious choices yeah yeah no it's so many it's not gonna be talking I remember it's on the air just you and I were talking about Tom Hardy in the movie but he's done yeah and then him as what you haven't seen yet but him as Alfie and Peaky if you watch that you'll be like you could watch him act right now it correct me if I'm wrong but he's not on season one is he nope yeah they bring a man right yeah no and then he ends up being on quite a few afterwards but one season I don't even remember now if it was two or three he was in it but I mean his character especially because if you know him all is all the other roles he's played seeing him do that you know he's amazing I always thought the Brad Pitt was unbelievable I remember when he first started I was like oh he's the pretty guy and then you saw watching the roles you know like you know this guy's a phenomenal fucking actor like him and the fight club was not him and was it 12 months he had it seven as a great movie I just made someone watch that recently and I watch 12 monkeys again recently too that's that's even you know what else I thought he was good in which was more simple but meat Joe Black when he was death oh yeah like his was just such a simple role but I'm like oh that's actually not really an easy thing to do yeah yeah I've told you to watch allies too right yep oh yeah that's good yeah so he's a lot better than I used to get credit for and and there's one guy that I got a mansion but I know he's such a fucking weirdo and a not job in real life that but I swear to god Tom Cruise has a team of people that pick the best scripts for him because I don't like he doesn't make movies I don't like yeah Tom Cruise is very good at picking the movies he he does like every script that he picks he's in a movie I'm like fuck it's probably good you know how like with Brad Pitt that you know I mean it should be like well he doesn't make bad movies like he's probably a pretty good movie man we should watch this got Tom Cruise in it and but he just he's just done that so many fucking times where I'm like ah Tom Cruise is in it a better watch it and then I watch it and I'm like oh what a fucking great movie like vanilla sky and oblivion and like just the wide range of shit he's done yeah I was gonna see the the last my last choice the little throw people off his Johnny that I think he's a fucking amazing actor he is good he's a crack is saying it's personal side to prefer the reason he's so good I just put fear and loathing on the other day did you really yeah when the masculine hits yeah that guy and and I think when he when he started being jacks bear I was like wow like you're really good it's you watch it it's like it's a little too good it makes me worry a little bit at you yeah yeah you did you did good man I was I was afraid because I I know you and in asking you for something so simple and you know who else honorable mention who just because I think because I've seen that guy interview the guy was on Rogan and after he was on Rogan I was like oh my god I could be friends of that dude because he's kind of normal and he seems I can break interesting fun dude but Robert down to junior yes so have you seen Lesson Zero it's kind of fucked up because he plays a guy that gets hooked on Coke like a rich kid who gets hooked on Coke and his life to spirals into a hole and he actually became a co-catic making that movie wow so when you watch that movie you're kind of watching like the destruction of Robert Downey junior and it's like it gets real bad yeah real life is yeah he even jails for that well like decade after like he he was a little longer for a long time like you know he lost his career and had to do the comeback you know and then next thing you know he's fucking Ironman and and and tropic thunder and you know and tropic thunder he got nominated for a fucking Oscar in blackface that's how good he was he made it he it was clearly not racist no one was upset at the time while 2007 so the woke woke bull shit hadn't started but everyone knew that but everyone was okay with it because they're like oh this is satirical like he's making fun of a ridiculous Hollywood elitist asshole actor so it was fucking brilliant you know you know we get to switch this just because as we keep talking I just sitting here I was like oh he fledger the Joker oh god yeah we gotta go we gotta go okay okay awesome who was turned his it's my turn right that was overwhelming I'm apologize why do you do it the question okay I actually thought about this already recently so the first part is not impressive is it's you know and it's kind of the same thing I think so I'm gonna cross this a little bit and I'm gonna have you jump in and out now we had the conversation about like the dark place and things that sometimes you do that all became way to normalize on accident typically I do what we do because I love doing it and that's it there's no thought there's no connection I lift up heavy shit because I like to you know I mean like so it's not like we had a couple conversations about moments in life where it's been necessary to put more thought into it but I think that that went too far and people didn't realize it 99.99% of the time I do it because I can and I think it's crazy and I just want to see how far I can go it's literally fun so I don't think that like even for you I don't think you chose bodyguard I think it chose you like you were made for this it connects with the way your brain functions it connects with how you're comfortable I'm never surprised when I go to someone's house like yours and it looks like mine everything's where it goes everything's done a certain way you know what I mean I can't fall for four because it's gonna fuck up your world for just a second so like that now as far as at this level I think when I say what like now when I say like what's your why it's more on why do I post on Instagram because that's harder for me than going to the gym oh yeah time to make sure I have someone to film me is pain the ass that is work for me do we this that is not at all yeah if someone says to me I want you to take a week off of all work here I don't stop I still train I just don't ease my phone yeah and that's that's exactly it so the why for me on those things is because there are number one there's people that depend on me now to it because it's just shocking this is for people this is 100% how I make a really really good living and that's all so driven by the fact that I have taken my spot and realizing that you myself JP a lot of people but a small group of us are keeping the the last of the dying breathe alive surgeons of people who understand that these the ways not the right way and I've seen them live it in their 18 years old right and they're back to eating fishing greens because it fucking works whether or not science agrees with us right you know I mean or understanding that training this way is necessity to a point so there's a responsibility those things that that are definitely play a role but you know the majority of like I said the majority of the why that I would need to explain is why I show it not why I do it right you know I really there are actually been days where I've had to remind myself because I'll tell time when I walk in the gym I'm like I'm here today like really really here so there's no phones yeah yeah yeah you know I mean like yeah yeah I think some of my best things I've ever done most impressive have never been filmed because I'm in a place where I'm like fuck that yeah I know what you mean I have shit to do you know what I mean I'm about you yeah well my why has changed obviously um somewhat uh I so someone kind of asked me like what you know why do you keep training the way you do last week on my questions and I said that you know I really relate to what the rock talks about when he talks about his anchor for the day you know and you know it sets the standard for his entire day and it keeps his day structured like he has to eat after he trains and he has to do so then it's like starts the structure you know and you know that's like they say the same thing they say you know making your bed you know that they say the making your bed in the morning triggers you to to complete more tasks throughout the day and I could see that you know for the rock um getting up and training at 530 a.m. is just like making his bed like if he doesn't do it he feels like he left his life in disarray that morning you know and and so you know even though I don't train at 530 in the morning I still see training as like the anchor center point for my day like no matter what's going on no matter how chaotic things are and how stress things are everything shuts down out about four o'clock I have over 330 everything stops I have a I have my you know get ready to train go to the gym have my pre workout brain shows up for 30 Boba Boba and then by like you know 637 phones back on and turn my messages back to work fresh clear headed you know tidy up for the night on my phone you know it's just it keeps everything locked in and then of course the physical stuff you know obviously I I always loved looking like a bodybuilder I was loved you know you know you got to go through life looking a certain way everyone looks a certain way it's reality how do you present yourself to society you know well you know I always like presenting myself as a bodybuilder this is you know who I am this is part of my you know I see the history of what I'd done I carry it around with me you know um also too like I don't I also train because I want to take care of my body now you know like I mean I spent a lot of years of using it in the gym and doing things that probably weren't totally correct you know all those years as I trained um and you know I had lots of injuries and I should listen to my body more during this in that period of time and now that's a big thing for me like I want to be able to keep doing this you know and I want to be able to keep training I want to be able to keep carrying around a certain amount of muscle and taking care of the body longevity you know I'm taking all my Dante vitamins and you know it's like the newlyweds and the same ones yeah I got to get on Amazon and I know the bra and actually I just ran out of about 10 things so so you know I I want to live longer now and I obviously I know I you know walked around really heavy for a long time but you know quality of life's a huge thing you know you can make it if someone said you're you're only gonna make it to 72 but that's kind of young but at 72 I'm gonna be squatting so talking at 72 versus I'll still be rocking at at 72 you know I'll be doing something I'll be up and at it you know so that's the plan you know if someone said you can you can squat and diet 72 or you can have all sorts of horrible things go wrong with you and spend a lot of time in the hospital and live to 92 yeah and I know where I'm at now in life what I've done I've done that's in the past and now I am move forward and just be as healthy as I can and you know take care of shit so that's the goal I found it's funny but you know you and I talked with us I had a hernia surgery when I was it was in 2008 and back then because I had three hernia's fixed and they knew what I was doing they actually helped me out the gym for 16 weeks and I had went in for surgery the biggest I'd never been my entire life was 286 soft 286 and I was mildly depressed during the 16 weeks out so I ate very little and what I did it was shit when I got back in the gym I was like 250 in fact 12 weeks later because all the aches and pains I had dealt with were gone I was 293 in the best I'd ever been and that triggered something in my head that was like okay I need to learn to take breaks you know so I'm going to initiate after my next show in 2010 I'm taking a month month and a half off so figured half the time but what I didn't account for is that I'm mentally unstable without the gym and I'm being dead serious two weeks in to it I'm going to borderline called manic it was bothering me I remember a sido actually we're on the phone he's like hey this isn't helping anymore right right go train right and it was funny so I had to identify the fact that I'm not wired for that so like like the rocks and like you're saying like the fact that I've went four days without training and feel good is weird I'm like okay this I must need this because it's not how I function typically you know that's the other thing is I can't imagine doing in the other way you know I go to gym like it's why when I do take time off it on train because if I can't train like this I just don't want to it's no longer the same thing I'm playing golf now I hate golf okay we've got to hit this oh this is an interesting one I like this who's more of a bodybuilding Yoda Dante or John Metals it's impossible there it's oh well now you got to like exact like you know maybe there's a better name to use for the other one that's not necessarily less knowledgeable but just character driven I'd say John Meadows looks more like Yoda then Dante that's like we're going with a look first hey John would agree he's like a good John would be like yeah he's right yeah I'd say I'd say John's more of a Yoda although Dante might be just as accessible as Yoda so maybe like so bad and so true Metals it's too accessible he's like you know you got to think Yoda was living on Dagobah and I'm mud hut with no cell phone service yeah that's a good question that's a good question it depends if you're going with the look or the you know the character traits right now maybe that guy said maybe there's another example I think to directly answer the question you're a sense I think one thing that's a little different is everyone thinks it's a huge gap between Dante and John and how they do things and I kind of laugh because to a point it's it's very very very similar oh they would rationally and reasonably agree on probably every single thing yeah well and they're even their way of doing things like a lot of people said John is different as a high volume guy and I'm like oh now I work John if you're doing eight sets on a line like seven of them are warm ups I've trained with John and the eight when he's going to kill you yeah so just like Dante you're doing one set yeah we're doing John and Trent legs with us and I remember I was like oh that was yeah it's exactly what I do yeah it's right yeah we go over to the pendulum we did a warm-up set and then he said okay you want to do a rest pause and we're like yep you know I think you know what it is to is and it's now I'm here across where I this but everyone that you follow that legitimately is creating freaks agrees but they're packaging they're looked differently whether it's for your education or to make money because I used to think for the longest time that Joe Bennett was a pinky twisting squeezer and then we talk and Joe does 95% of his movement exactly like I do but we and he and I actually had some some I wouldn't come conversation but some banter where it's like oh the reason I post this stuff was everybody already knows about that lips right right I spend you know he spends his Instagram time educated on things that people don't know but if you didn't if you don't pay enough attention you think that that's how he trains it's not all he's just showing things you're not doing to add 10% last you know that's what he said I think a lot of the videos I show is the last 10% of the workout yeah because that's what people don't know and then there's people like me who are only posting rows and squats so that's covered why does he do that also you know yeah I think that people be shocked how similar John and Dante see things yes okay what skill or ability do you wish you possessed can I say it as far as I want sure oh my god I want to be a musician oh there's something like I can't imagine a cooler job than than standing there like like when you're an actor and you're great actor people go watch him when you look at the watch them do it while you perform you're making the night of 80,000 people right in front of you yeah and also when you're not there in the car they're listening you oh you got a moment they're listening you you think about how many times you hear a song and remind you of a moment in your life how many there's no other job on the planet it does that like to me that I think awesome you know and I just imagine what it would be like to stand there and be like oh I did this I mean I I literally gave 80,000 people or whatever it is the night of their lives tonight oh no I think it's it's absolutely agree like I play guitar I've been picking up a guitar for 30 years and patterned out chords on it and having fun and I've learned some stuff and there was a point when I was like at my best like 2006 2007 I was like I could play a lot of songs on my guitar I didn't touch it for a few years and all that stuff but I would I always wanted like you know I just never put the consistent practice into advance my playing like tremendously but I've always like just love man if I could be a guitar wizard oh fuck right you know like when Eddie Van Halen died and I went back and watched all the it all the all the tap and video all those stuff he's doing during the concerts when he does his big long ten minutes so those and just amazing shit but yeah play guitar like play guitar like you know like a pro there's a really good documentary on Netflix that I really enjoyed called hired guns right and I think it's called hired guns I'll be didn't get the title wrong and it's about session me session musicians right so for example you know Alice Cooper Alice Cooper is a guy yeah every time he tours he puts a band together but they're not always the same people you know what I mean like over the years he's had a bunch of different guitar players bunch different drummers bunch different bass players he gets hired guns you know and so the people their names aren't on the aren't on the bull the the sign and they don't get any real credit for the show people say well I would see how else Cooper tonight yeah they don't mention your name right but they so it they follow the interview and follow around a bunch of hired guns guys that do that stuff or they're the guy that plays on the album like when you buy uh you know you buy an album by Stevie Ray Vaughan or whatever I mean you don't know who the drummer is yeah it's not like to be buying acdc album you know that that's a band right and that same drummer is like he's like their buddies and on the tour and they're recording and they like you know he's in their studio and like no this is like hired guns so it's really interesting because that's a huge like most musicians aren't in successful bands that they get hired so like the phone rings pick it up they're like hey Billy Joel's doing an album he's gonna need a drummer would you like to come and record his Billy Joel he really likes your stuff and you're like fuck yeah let me know what the dates are you know yeah like that's already sure that you're well known in the industry by the people that know to ask for you yeah it's almost like the difference you know I mean it's you know when we watch that Chicago Bulls thing which you know on Netflix the realization of how cool it would be to have the money in fuck the thing like it because you know I mean how this Cooper can't just walk down the street right drummer can exactly hey I know he was just much money but I mean I think in a lot of ways I like I think that I think the less money you know yeah and the drink and coffee Starbucks I have no one know who the fuck I am yeah yeah no but you'll like it you'll like it it's that if if if that's interesting you I have to ask you about this because you've you've told me 10 times and literally about to put into my notes the what is the guitarist that you've told me 50 times that you said like you would just walk around playing guitar I can't remember if he was on Rogue Inter whatever they were describing how he became an Eddie Van Halen yeah Eddie was known for like taking his guitar in the bathroom to take a shit like he's fucking like that was a joke right is that Eddie just lived with it yeah and I was what was that that thing that you watch where they were describing like how he was that was it and that looks thing was it a interview or that was someone on Rogue and was talking about that I mean that might have been in one of the David Lee Roth interviews because David Lee Roth is on twice he was spectacular the second time but that might have been I can't remember who said that which is I just remember they were talking about it but I'd already heard that that's something I'd read before right I had to I had to I had to survive actually like 10 times what God did I got watch I'm gonna watch the Rogue in one so that'll probably get me my my point sure when I had to listen to that yeah no no that's funny that we that's funny it we both kind of picked the same you know skill I'd say if I had to like simplify that question and it wasn't it wasn't like it wasn't like a big deal like like play guitar like a wizard I would just say like I would like to be a bit more organized I'm pretty organized guy but you know I often wonder like oh man I can make this more efficient and like fuck I should be using this app I'm on my putting my stuff here why do I have you know oh we got it you know like I always try to be more organized that's something I admire and you know you meet somebody who's kind of far end of the spectrum organized I'm always like I admire that I'm like oh they're like they like perfectly right the name of everything on each folder they don't just know like and it all looks perfect and it's like oh fuck I admire that I think you have you know there's a wrong truth late I know it's changed for me is um when you have to be yeah well that it's great to know when you really have on the retail stores and with body and I was doing this my life had to be a certain way to get all done whereas now I'm just as organized but when I start working that could be two in the morning it could be eight p.m. right you know literally half three times in my clients give me 24 hours is some of them are getting responses immediately and some of them are like I lost shit to do today so when I get done I'll start. Oh here you go I body building one after I've already given these what's the best strategy to take when you're ready for a show too early princesses wrote adding food back in etc. Can you reread that? The best strategy to take when you're ready for a show too early. Oh well I mean most people aren't ready when they think about it. I think this is also thing this is tricky because as you know we've done shows back to back back and been ready for 12 weeks. Yeah yeah I know well you just have to monitor well you know what simply you have to monitor your body weight like I know it's not about weight but let's face facts if the scale is moving something's happening. If the scale's not moving at all if you're 250 every morning every morning then you're in a really tight maintenance hold and you're maintaining the situation very well if your weight goes to 247 one morning what are you going to do? If it goes to 255 after you make the correction. You know what I mean like you just have to kind of try to hold your body weight is really like a key because I mean that's what aceto did with me that's what Chad did with me do in multiple shows like okay let me know your weight every morning like the first show happens and it's okay okay I need body weight every single morning we got three weeks and every single morning hit the way okay yeah yeah we're right where we want shit right where we want show okay okay that's do this you know like so that's an important thing but normally you know it depends on how fried you are at you know if you're ready and you're exhausted and you're fucking starving there there's going to be more to do than if you're ready and you're not doing much cardio and you got lots of food yeah you know what I mean so you just have to try to like adjust I mean you got activity and calories and you just dance the dance it's it's so simple that it's a important speed and and you you try to like so you know if you're surfing on surf the curve you're on a wave you try to stand the wave stand the wave you know you don't want to come right down flat bottom and sink and you don't want to go over the top you got to just stay on there yeah it's funny because this question I had somebody reach out to me and I rarely answer questions about what someone else is doing a coach but I disagreed enough that I went with it and I didn't know the coach was as a fucker he said to me I've always gotten ready for shows where I was ready a couple weeks early my new coach said no that's crazy we're gonna come in right on schedule and what I read that I was like well how the fuck do you do that yeah because my fear is always like that's why it's on my clients like they'll be cruising along all of a sudden they get sick I don't know where we got time yeah don't I mean like there's plenty of reasons to have extra like if I have a client I know I can have ready in 12 weeks I asked for 16 right okay Jim it's gonna be fine the diet won't be as brutal as it would have been for 12 but I'm not worried um so like you said balancing it being way too early in the morning I really don't think exists unless your months early because I've done shows me it's 10 weeks apart and never come off the diet really out of the day or here there after each show and been totally fine and every single time I've ever competed in a row the last show is better than the first um and I have that athlete who that didn't work where I pulled them out of this shows we had plan for because their body said fuck off it's not working you know what I mean but if you're not going to get to that place on accident for one show so everything you said is is absolute on that what you got okay if you could only do three exercises for the rest of your life what would they be? that's really not that difficult um if I could only do three and here mine are gonna have nothing to do with shaping the body the way I want to just my favorite things to do um I would hack squat I would deadlift and I do have a row of my favorites I look forward to seeing them on the menu right right right right my honorable manual would be RDL's because I just love them right right well I guess if I could only do three exercises the rest of my life I'd probably go at this point I'd probably go with cosmetic exercises because I just want to look in a t-shirt if I'm gonna be if I'm gonna be cold and small I might as well do like dips because then at least I can have pecks and tries and then maybe like underhand rows so I could have like a bit of a back and some biceps and then maybe like side ladders we go to your throw in there that's valid you know what you've covered your entire upper body you know you need to get a little bit of me you know you maybe you know ride my bike in a tank top I look okay well I'm skinny ginger things so there you go there you go get the legs out of the way maybe it's time okay that wasn't bad there wasn't there wasn't too did oh here we go thanks my man it's guys give me good questions uh what do you hate about social media in the bodybuilding industry how to put this into a sentence um what do I hate about social media in the bodybuilding industry well I guess like I don't really know how to put it but like fakeness but it's not really exclusive to bodybuilding that's like social media just generally you know the real sort of artificial image that people put out of what they want the world to see them as is uh and I get it obviously we're gonna post our highlights and yeah and you don't have to get personal like it's not like I expect everyone to put their like most vulnerable moments on social media anything like that that's not at all that's that's like I don't I don't do that that's you know some stuff's private and for your you know like I don't even like showing the inside of my house right like if I'm doing a video I like kind of put myself to the wall I don't know I'm just a private person you know pretty personal guy but um I would just say like you know when when people are completely fake um and and the sort of artificial illusion of any sort of expertise right and lack of lack of humility regarding having expertise you know that's that's a problem that's that's a problem and it's it's a problem for everybody including the people dishing it out you know they wind up into deep and you know it's at least to disappointment all around and yeah I don't know I'd say sort of like you know intentionally misrepresenting yourself in a real fake way as sort of I think one of the biggest detriments yeah I would say for me it's there's no accountability on social media so back in the day we had forms and everyone was publicly out there and you couldn't mute other people see right now I'm on on on dusty handshow's page I'm a fucking expert and I'm the king and if you disagree me I don't like it I block you I delete you when you're out you look at me I get rid of you there's there's many many ways that I can make sure that as long as you're only on my page I'm king shit and what I say goes back in the day when you jumped on a form for example Dante yeah it goes on a form where everyone's doing volume and this and this and this and he says I'm gonna write up what I do and it's totally against everything and I'm not saying you're wrong I'm just gonna say think about this and put it out there and the internet decides the the world decides who you are and what you know right because they will go back and forth with you and you don't get to mute anybody in fact the only third time something gets muted is when a moderator of those forms deterred party steps and he says I'm just guys in idiot goodbye and I love that because when I came into bodybuilding and when I as I continued to educate myself I started as a guy who was listening and by the end I was someone they were coming to an asking and with that for some reason there is a fear of the simple sentence I don't know enough to have an opinion on that I say I don't know all the time because like I admire that Chris Asito says I don't know all the time if you work with Chris he says I don't know half the time and you know I think that's very important it's something that I look for in people not just coaches you know you know a little bit of humility with what they don't aren't experts on you know like even and I can even kind of tell you could just tell a lot about a person like for example this one guest that's that Rogan is had on a few times he now has his own podcast and I watch it all the time and I mentioned it he's that Lex Friedman guy real likable guy super smart he's into like artificial intelligence and building robots and stuff right but he's also got a Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu black belt yeah explain the physics of it and and and he plays guitar really well he plays every day for 20 minutes it's part of his like mental strategy and just an interesting guy you know knows a lot about a lot of things and there's a couple times on the Rogan show where he's like yeah I just you know I'd have to defer to an expert on that you know and I was at Meyer when someone who's like obviously you know you got a PhD in science you got a black belt in Jiu-Jitsu all that sort of stuff and there's also an interesting thing just to mention it but on his channel he's got the the speech that he gave when he got his black belt and he says I have a PhD I went school my whole life you know my goal is to build robots better than anybody in the world I want to be the best at what I do and I learned more on these mats than I ever learned in school and I remember thinking like oh this is an interesting dude he gets it and that's a guy who will defer he'll go I don't know enough about that topic to have an opinion you know what I mean and I really respect that about people people who are willing to just go yeah I just said I'm not an expert on that because I just hate it when people blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah yeah yeah but again because if you're wrong so for example um I get a lot of questions because I got my PhD so often and actually I am very well versed because of that. Yeah, but I'm not sure. And you can give people advice. You can say on my PT did this for my shoulder because he said this was going on and yeah, yeah, you can pass that knowledge on, but I know I get it. But if I, but I have somebody that mentioned something, this way I don't like about like you said social media is I can go for it and be wrong and answer. Then if Jason wanted to come on and jump me and tell me I was a moron because he truly isn't expert. I can just block him. Yeah. And that's what I don't like because I like the idea and what's funny is I don't know if you saw what I did. I hope Q&A with only him answering. Right. That's totally right. You, you, you, you get my PT for how, you know, for the next hour. If you had your questions, he's gonna ask questions he's gonna answer him. Right. And I had so many people DM me with the opposite. So awesome that you brought an expert on. Yeah. So I don't know why people are afraid of that because we're saying the same thing with my training, I'll put up something like John Meows on this. Don't think that matters. This person has to have it. I brought it to them. They're still happy, but at no point in my, like, oh, this was my thing. I had someone messed me the other day. Someone asked me a sarm question. And so I just said, you know, actually this, you know, I, all I know about that is this one study that I just read. Right. That said, this and this and this and that's all I know. And I still got a message from someone. Quit bashing on stars. You don't know what you're talking about. I just said, I don't know. I'm like, how much more clearer could I bend? I said, I'd never used this sarm. I didn't know much about it except for this one study I said, you know, like it's just, they're really broken all the way down. I don't know. I down. I, yeah, it's just funny, you know. And if people wonder why, you know, people that people are hesitant to try to help and give information, right? Because it's just always someone willing to message back some dickhead comment. Here's one. What do you think? So I guess they're asking me. You, right? What do you think Dusty's favorite category on porn hub is? I got asked the same thing for you. So you got asked the same thing? Oh, no, he's up to the wrong. That's funny. If you don't know this, I'm just pointing that we've never talked about it. Go ahead. Well, I don't know. I know what, I think, I think you have a type. Probably do. Yeah. It would be the girls that do disgusting shit category. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Right. So you're scrolling across, right? You got to do this as as anal as gang bang, as lesbian. And then there's like all of the above plus some muscle. Check. Like this one. You're the reminder of his, uh, I guess a category might be called but whole fitness luts without an accurate. I love it. I love it. I love it. Sorry, Dusty. I'm not even going to say he's wrong people. So I'm just actually searching right now. See if that exists or if I'm going to agree to agree. I do believe that's the first time I've used this term on the podcast. I hope no one's too shocked. I can read it. Seems you're just letting people know what you know. What do you think? I will admit, you know that meme that goes around it shows the porn hub zoomed in porn hub, but it's like page 158. Yeah. And the quote is like, where the fuck is that clip? I don't know how to describe what I like, but I know it when I see it. Exactly. Well, experience it even better. But yeah, see everyone looks at the the point in nails a little bit different. I'm like, right, right, right, right. This could hurt. Let's do that. I don't know. I think I think I think I covered that question pretty accurately. You didn't do channel. I'm I'm not going to fight any of you said. I'm not arguing. Takes one to no one. I feel good about that as well. Good. I don't have to answer. I said too much people will look at me differently. Always the goal. It's your turn now. Oh boy. Okay. This is almost the way it's time. I'm going to do it. What influences you, or I was a your style of dress and attention to detail in all areas of life? Oh, style of dress. Yeah. I'm influenced by who paid for it. Okay. Next. Well, a monthly check has a little something to do with it. No. So I number one is I like I've always like to dress comfortably and simply. I'm hot all the time. So I like thin t-shirts and thinner hoodies and stuff like that. So I like to dress a little light, I guess. I like baggy track pants and you know, you know, and a by a pair of sweat pants. I'm like, oh, they're not too thick. You know what I mean? Yeah. You got to have a couple pairs for, yeah, I live in Canada. So you got, you are home. You need to be ready. Yeah. You know, you're ready. So, but, but I was like to dress simply lightly. I've always been a sweat, sweat pants and and hoodie type of guy. I mean, from day one of my body building, I was always just like sweat pants and hoodie sweat pants and hoodie. So I've dressed the same for essentially the last 30 years. Jeans and t-shirt, rock and roll, style. Like, like, you know, like, you know, I was joked that I, you know, I love girls and jeans and a t-shirt, you know, that's sort of thing. That's a serious matter. That's a serious matter. I was never, I was never like, you know, I'd see I worked in clubs for years, right? So I'd see some people come in all dressed up. The girls are all dressed up with their heels on and the guys are all like, look in snazzy and I was like, it's too much for me. I just didn't give a fuck to do that and go out dressed like that to the club. Like if I'm going to the bar, I had like t-shirt, jean, if I was going to the bar like back in the day, the dress up would be that I'd put jean in my hair. Right. Those are the same jeans and t-shirt. But what am I going to do? I'd wear my t-shirt, you know, the one that comes from the not jam pile. Right. No. That's why I love the vintage. You're saying. Yeah, you know, and I'd wear my clean runners that don't get squattered in, you know? But yeah, and then, you know, the big thing was when I started MCing shows a few years ago and I had to get some suits. That was like an adventure. Because I was like, oh my god, I have to like dress up a little bit. I, you know, I want to like put a little bit of effort into this and so I got some nice suits made and I would really love to wear one again for some fucking reason. I've been locked out of wearing a suit for a lot for the whole year. So, but I don't always say just being simple, comfortable and cool. And, um, cool. I'm always, yeah, yeah. And, um, you know, there's the odd time like, you know, I'll see somebody dress a certain way. I go, if I was like a normal dude, like a skinny body, yeah, I would dress like that guy. Oh, yeah, I do that a lot. I see a lot of looks that are, I guess, in my, I know what you would see is different in my mind. I like over the top cool looks, not fancy. Just too far, because I'm like, that's essentially what I do with my body. All right, was, was went too far on purpose. I got a friend. My buddy James will show up at an event. You know, maybe it's something you got to dress up a little for. Yeah. You know, so you were like a button up shirt and a nice pair, you know, pair dress slacks wherever and he'll show up with like a bow tie in a fedora. Yeah. And you're like, I would have like he could pull that off and suspense. Yeah, I like to do the good pull up. And I'm very clear on what I'm not. I could not do that. Yeah, he could pull it off and you're like, fuck, Jimmy, can we anything? Yeah, I like that. Yeah, so my, I quicking into that is exactly the same as you comfort over anything. Yeah. And then the other week is wedding and clothing. Yeah, fucking hate sweating. Like, nightmare nightmare. Then, uh, if I'm going out, it's to not appear like I'm trying to look like a body though. I do not like things tie to my arms. We're just hard to do now. Honestly, because then usually, it means it's sloppy and it's 20 22 and charms. Yeah. But I mean, just what you don't look like that guy that intentionally wore shirts that's too small. Yeah, he had to make sure the world knew that he had big arms. It's not a black gas patissured that goes down to my elbow and has no markings on it whatsoever. Yeah, that's a face. And that's like my favorite going out shirt because I think like, you know, you can still, I mean, I'm lean. So he still see the any forearms and stuff. But, but it's black, too. So it's like he's kind of like, I feel like I blend in a little bit and I just, not it's not a, you know, it's funny when you're younger and you're in the bodybuilding. The goal is to look bigger, which I'm going to need the house. Yeah. Yeah. I know. I'm going to go to the restaurant. I want to tight wire t-shirt. Yeah, exactly. Because any more, you know, a little, a little higher on the arm. Yeah. You belt cap against a black background, you know, and that shit just goes backwards. Now you're in black slightly too big. Just slightly. Yeah. Yeah. And maybe no one will notice which doesn't work. Also, too, I developed. I was never a jewelry guy. And I just developed a zero jewelry tolerance at some point. I own nothing. I don't want to watch. I don't own any jewelry at all, except I have two rings from nationals. You know, I only put the pro card ring on. Yeah. When I am C or like if I think of it, it's like a big dinner we're going to or something, but I always forget to put it on. Right. Yeah. Which is like that. And that's my weird thing. I'm wearing an entire outfit that's $86. Talk about them. And then I have a ridiculously expensive watch on every day. You know, leave it ridiculous expensive, but that's the way it was. Right. It's got a confusing thing to see. You're like 50 archaques, 12 large pants, three art t-shirt. What the fuck? It is kind of funny. You got $50 or Chucks in what is that a printed gild in t-shirt? Yeah. Yeah. That's exactly right. $7. $7 with the silk screen. Yeah. Yeah. But I should add this watch. Sunsable. Yes. Yes. Yes. That was a good question. I like it. Yeah. Because I didn't actually know the answer to that. I had to like think it up. What do I mean? I find myself during COVID, especially I was like ordering stuff because it was bored. So I bought like a few t-shirts that I would wear to dinner. But they're like, they're like kind of like stuff that brags about how old I am. Like I got a jailbreak, an ACDC 74 jailbreak t-shirt. I love that you're like me. You can brace the fucking your old. I'm just announcing it. Yeah. And it just says $7. We all die now. $8. Number 74 jailbreak. That's all it says on the front. So people who see it are like older people are like, oh, fucking cool shirt and young people are like, no idea what that shirt's but trust me, do you have any people are trying to figure out why you said all right three times? All right. All right. Do you know that that wasn't in the script? No. Yeah. Yeah. Well, what you got to watch Matthew McConaughey on Joe Rogan. It tells a whole story about how that that days didn't confuse role exploded on him. He wasn't even supposed to barely be in the movie. But he had like a gun line and they kept him and then he got another line. They told him to come back the next day. Put him in the background of another scene. Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, he rewriting and then the all right, all right, all right. He just was supposed to say it once. All right. And he said, all right, all right. And they were like, fuck. It's just God. See, but that's okay. So here's the deal wrong because I joke about this. Some people are just cool. That's the thing. That's why. Yeah. Because like I like I people think I joke and I'm dead serious. I'm not cool. That guy says that and you're like, yeah. Yeah. That's exactly how it should be done. Yes. Yes. Cool. I got time for one more man. So you gotta make it a good one. Make him solid. Oh, man. I got covered this week. I have a lot. There's two. I guess one of them's kind of mean unless the guy's dead. I don't know if you talk about it. So I got two questions here. Maybe we can do them both at say time. That's fine. Because they're both great. One is who's the most underrated bodybuilder? Hard question to say are we saying historically or currently or at the pro level right now so that we'll just let that rattle around in your head. Okay. And then any times when you met, it says meet an athlete, but we'll say meet someone above you and we're disciplined. Yeah. What do you think? Yeah. This will surprise people. And I have to have to because I know the industry and everyone's got a bad day. I'm going to practice with that. But Ronnie had it to time in his career that he was not the favorite of a lot of places that he visited. Who? Ronnie Coleman. Oh yeah. Okay. Yeah. So there were a few times that from people who I know well in the industry and I actually had to end up seeing in person where like he showed up like because he wanted to come and he could. Right. And that in the yield of crisis I know Ronnie. Madam sure it's almost hard for me to even imagine. But it's true. And I can't imagine because I am known to show up when I want to to things but not professionally ever. You know that. Like I'm never late coming down the stairs and I'm about. No, but I'm late to the gym every day. Right. I'm late at my own time. Yeah. You know what I mean? So that was a that was a shocker because because there were multiple occasions where I didn't event that he did and I would see something and be like, I should you went with? Huh. Yeah. So I think that for a moment and who knows why it was an arrogant strip in that I think it's since disappeared. Yeah. That was disappointing for sure. Sometimes that happens when you're at the very top. There's just so much going on that it's almost impossible to be good at managing your time perfectly. And now maybe he's just getting tugged in so many directions with so many you know like I've heard some nightmare stories from other people too like Johnny Jackson told me about this one time they went somewhere for an event and the promoter had like him and Dennis James and like four people in this and the promoter just without really telling them wanted to do these three drop buys on the way to the event. Yeah. And he's like what are we doing stopping at this story? Is that what we're just going to run in for a minute? It takes some photos and they realized they were being scootered around to these things that weren't on the itinerary. There's like a view and all of a sudden they're they're like hey we're supposed to be at this event that we're being paid to show up to the people are at and you're running us around to your friend's supplement stores. You know so there was like a big thing and they're like we're going straight there and Johnny said like oh yeah flex wheel I put his fucking foot down he's like I'm not getting in that fucking vehicle unless we go straight to that event like he was really pissed and eventually they got there so like there's totally guilt you're saying but sometimes that sort of shit is happening on the side but yeah and get messy. Yeah well there's definitely there's just ways to do things like I said that's quite a preface with you don't know why yeah you just know then you see it and you're you know and you watch like how I would walk into a room if I was two hours late and there was a line of hundreds of people waiting I wouldn't have walked in. Yeah and everyone would have known that I was mortified when I got there you know what about what about most underrated body builder. Oh god this is such a list. I'm trying to think back okay which one do you want to go with we going current are we going all time current who's a pro right now and you're like people just start paying attention to this dude. Oh I'm sure because I have to look at it well because my brain just didn't work but I know what it is. Can I tell my disappointment story? Yes. So I was at the Olympia one time with mutant and I looked at Krahalway. You just disappeared I was just you're back and I looked across the aisle and lo and behold Gary Stratham was sitting there right and I was like holy fuck I was like a huge Gary Stratham fan when I started training because he was my height and he was like 228 pounds at the 1989 Olympia. Bro amazing and you know what I mean and I just remember thinking like fuck that's an awesome body builder and then he did the WBF thing where he was like the big 250 pound freak and he was like one of the kind of like oh shit and so I was like I want to go meet Gary Stratham so I kind of walked over there and he was sitting there and he had his phone and he had some papers and he had some food and I stood there for a second and he didn't look up and there was no one around like the booth was getting like finished like it was early in the morning and but there was like it was open like people walking around and I noticed there's some kids came up and stood at the table with me so there's three of us now standing at the table and he like he was there just not look around used to acknowledge us so I I walked back across and I was like hey hey I mean it's time in a bad morning or whatever and those two kids stood there for a while and he just picked up his phone and then I watched and he looked up the kids and he went and he looked back down and his phone and I was just like the fuck you doing it that booth yeah thank you and and also too like it's like 2013 if I didn't even give the shit that you're there is like you know like you should be you know pretty happy that you're at the booth people want to light up for you still right and I watched a lot of people like wait a lot at that booth and he was like very taken his time and I just didn't get it remember just thinking like well that was not how I would have handled that battle you know who else did that actually I'm not subject to nail the Morris Pacific and my experience was Frank Zayn I did I had a show that he was at and we were backstage and we were you know number I watched him interact people and he was just kind of dick and then you know you just stand on the side and they got the overall going and I was like so we he and I were taking that to him like we think we're taking this to a video that I don't know they're all suck and like right right and then thinking I understand what you're saying like at that level but to literally say that other people around in shit too was like he and I had a little bro moment oh yeah and that's how you can't just follow that and then he walked up and hands through very blatantly I don't give a fuck and then walked away and I'm like you know that me at my age doesn't give a shit about you I barely can I don't consider you on the grace button there's I think you look at small men like yeah so now you're enhancing everything already this like about you take it on yeah it comes off it comes off at a bitterness of how things have changed yeah and I was just so then I was it was just that was an experience what was directly made yeah there's no denying I was like oh you're a dick you know I mean and and the only difference was thank God it was old enough that I didn't say that because I was like oh so you're a dick got it now we both know so and I've had now since I've seen him twice and he was both the same I'm like oh you're an asshole cool good enough so I know a lot of people a lot more famous of you that aren't right yeah yeah don't ever lose sight of the fact that you're lucky that people want you know pay you to show up to stuff that's I mean it's a last forever you do like I hate when someone says oh I saw the gym and I want to bug you I'm like please do yeah no I never gonna give a shit but I'm in the gym I know what you mean I will take this is you know I mean yeah there's a right and wrong way to do it yeah but there should never be a time where someone doesn't feel like it should walk over yeah I just I just I just asked people I'm like listen I love it when people come and say hi during my workout I'm lucky that people want to do that just don't ask me a 10 minute question yeah because the reason I don't like that is because I want to answer your question and correct but I can't because it's too long of an answer so if you ask me a question why I'm training I'm forced to give you like a super short answer or tell you like can't answer your question so just save the questions that's all yeah like what a good moment I'm like what's up hey you know watch show the other day was fucking funny that one part was funny you know my go bigs man you know like it's all good yeah agree so and as far as underrated body builder go so first thing on the top of my head was a keen right but I think there's still a lingering underratedness right he he there's still people that don't say his name when they should right no that's that's definitely and I mean there's also lots of other guys that I think are underrated like I think Raphael's underrated over sure he's got one of the most beautiful physics on in the on the planet right now and and is a threat to win anything he enters but I think just when people say who's underrated for some reason the first thing popped in my head was a keen still underrated yeah so I was gonna so I'm gonna do two as well one well known one not as well should be I think Max Charles's underrated okay and I do know that he's got to hit it just right a little bit and he and I actually had a conversation because I was like no I don't know you have to do and I was really impressed because his answer was I have to get bigger yeah he didn't know but he was like no he's just to be bigger he's not so I loved that because it showed me who he is and then Sean Smith uh how something to like saying is just a briefs I fucking love that I love that dude's build he is a nutty looking freak yeah and people know him so he's getting there but even as competitive body below I think he's better than he's getting quite a four so far I just wanted to keep looking like that on Instagram because it makes me want to train back we're sure we're sure we're sure we're packed it's a uh is a mr potato we're like oh I had a doubt he's not like a separate piece of meat I love that look though he's got the 3d the crazy 3d thing I love it so yeah he's a favorite for sure okay well I know we got to go and I got I got a full bladder man I push it in the bush in the bush line okay remember everybody like share subscribe comment rain the bell banner put the banner at the beginning of the show as well banner again there you go we got to we got to get some guests on there's a lot of people that are like oh want to come on let's do it and we just have a book done because we're having fun chatting dusty yeah we'll keep you seeing a lot of them shut it but let's let's have a talk we'll line up a couple February interviews for everybody okay thanks buddy and remember everyone it's just body building