He's like, can I ask you a question? I said, sure he goes, what is with this machine? It's the panel of the kids got good legs and everything. He goes, I've never used it. I'm like, no one does. It's so nice. Don't use it. You'll hate it. Hey everybody, welcome to episode 87 of It's Just Body Building. Of course, that's the hand charm myself. Ron Parklow, from today's show. We got a bunch of Instagram questions for you. And you know, an open look into our lives, and it's just bodybuilding. There you go, Dasty. I was acting an intro. I was trying to make us sound welcoming on that one. You don't threw me off. I'm a concerned. You dropped the big. You just were run parlo. Well, I wanted to experiment with it because you don't have an extra word. Okay, I was just going to say, because you know, just because you're riding BMX, doesn't mean I want you dropping the big. No, no, no, no, no, I don't do 100. I just get to today out, you know, maybe if I would have said your middle name, that's three three words, and then I could have added the big on mine. It would have flowed. I just just playing with it. Bestie. You can throw any word in front of me that you think is accurate and people might have some fun with it. You know, I have a small bit of poet in me. Because I want to laugh. If you know, then, that's true. Remember, like, share, subscribe, ring the bell, comment, and remember to spread the word that there's no more advice is radio for the audio. It's think big on YouTube, like it's been, but it's also the think big body building on all the RSS and audio feeds. So if you're on Spotify, it's think big body building, you know, all that stuff. So if you can't find audio, that's why. So think big body building, right, Jesse? Seems simple enough. I like the name better anyways. Yeah, yeah, me too. You know, you used to, you know, who used to do that was, I don't even know, you know, if you know, this is, but the natural bodybuilder's skip the core. Yeah, you used to do the think big was his hero to book called that. Oh, yeah, I'm not that. Yes, I have. I see the cover of it in my head actually. That's funny. You have seen that was, that was the first seminar ever went to was him. Then I totally dug it and I, and I credit him to a lot of the simplistic mindset I have because he was all about each fucking food, each fucking food, each fucking food, you know, because he was a gold Venice legend. What was he really selling all that? Yeah, I thought didn't skip the core training, gold Venice. I have no idea. I learned you know, I met him. Yeah, yeah, I thought he was one of those guys for a long time, but you know, that was the magazine air and kind of made us feel like they all lived and trained there. Because that's where the pictures came from. So the pictures came from. Right. So you read the article. You see the pictures. You're like, oh, it's gold Venice. I must be where he lives. He lives in Lysman. I was, you know, exactly. He was there for three days. He shot everybody. Yeah, I do. I Jerry Goeier. Exactly. Yeah. I, that's the one thing I think a lot of people don't realize with the old magazines. I stopped doing shoots. The very first year I started them unless I could control the content. Because they would have me like, okay, now do this. I'm like, I would never ever do that. Yeah, it's for the, it's for the, the article. I'm like, But I wouldn't do that. Yeah, I didn't want to shoot like that. And I was like, too. I don't know, I didn't shoot like that. I did a shoot where they're like, okay, you know, hold the dumbbell, hold the dumbbell, and I'm like, I wouldn't do the sexual sacrifice. And like, yes, an arm training article. Remember we actually did two of those because one time with me, and someone tried to pull that shit. Yeah, yeah, it was video that wasn't it? Yeah, it was video that went over just about as well. Yeah, who on deaf getting it done our way, Dustin? What's tell them why you're taking the wide go? Because my fucking shoulder to wide is that the answer you're looking for? I can't reach the narrow one. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Well, no, that's not why I'm going to know that is why. Yeah, yeah. It's precisely why. I know I did a shoot one time. It was, you know, just holding the deadlift bar and all that sort of stuff. And, you know, it's one thing if, like I remember we did a shoot where you had your hack a t-shirt on and you actually like we put some weight on. And you were like, you were pulling like singles, I think, just to get good photos. Yeah, no, I mean, but we weren't, but we weren't like holding the bar to inches off the ground and pausing for photos. Yeah, I felt bad for the photographer because they literally had me pulling 600 pounds one time many times. Yeah, but he had to catch that shot. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. And they were normal reps. So it was a full speed thing. The only thing we did that shoot that I remember because I kept fucking it up was they wanted me to slam the bar down when I was done. Right. And I, I don't do that. So I literally multiple reps I forgot and I put it like push down. I was like, ginger and she's like, hey, dumbass. I only asked for one thing. Right. I need, I need the good job and the bad. Because there was a video shoot happening at the same time. Like literally I thought they thought she was going to smack me. She's like, you can't possibly be this dumb. I just need you to drop the bar. That's right. I keep it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Life man, what's going on in being Cooper ish. Well, we're like, I don't know. I don't know the scoop on everybody, but it seems like we're the like the only province. I guess the scapula still has their gyms open. But yeah, it's Canada's having a real shit. Right now with all this stuff. It was a whole bunch of places close or doing crazy curfew and Ontario. If we home by APM or something like that. And then the premier who's just just a disaster out there, he said, oh, we're going to extend the powers of the police to pull you over and check your reasoning for being out of your house. Like they don't need a reason to pull you over anymore. That's right. That's right. Yeah. That's enough reason. Like we're going to allow them to do this. And then all the police, it was 36 out of 49 police agencies in the province immediately tweeted out on their Twitter. Yeah, we will not be doing that. Yeah. We do not have the manpower to just be fucking pull very well over. They're actually saying we don't have like that's that's that's like there's a lot of stuff with mandates, but that's actually just plain illegal. Nice. That's good. We're not we're not doing that. No one has to worry about us pulling them over for no reason. If you're speeding or you run a stop sign, then you're getting pulled over to my ask. Pull you right right in the law. Yeah, exactly. Right. Right. And there's a cure fuse. You might get a ticket for being out if you don't have a good reason. Right. But we're not just pulling anybody out of the fucking. We're not stopping people on the street. That's not going to happen. So they all they came on and said that on Twitter. So it's like just makes the the premier of the province look like a fucking idiot. You would run that by like if I'm pulling a lot of little things. I did at least but I came guys. This is what I'm thinking about doing. Are you going to back me or no because I'm like, no, fuck you. Then I'm not going to say that. Yeah, they go to police chief for eating breakfast out morning and he's on the right on the news and you're like, No. That's not an evidence. That's a cute idea. Not fucking happening. Yeah. I am going to get dusty handshot to come to your house and beat you up. And you're sitting at home eating like. I can't do a problem with that guy. I'm like doing this. Yeah. So just a bunch of crazy shit like that. You know, and do you know, there's a chance that Canada felt like way to minute. Those fucking US people really showed us up being stupid. We got to try to beat them. So you guys started doing stupid shit because you know, we had like a good six months where we were just doing dumb shit every day and you guys were confused. Oh. Yeah. Yeah. Well. It's slow. My back. My back. Your back. Your back. For a sec. I think that Canadians got really cocky because like Canada was doing good and the states was a disaster because of Trump. Right. Right. And then, you know, now places and shutting down third lockdown, closing jams. And you know, you guys got states that are open and a bunch of stuff going on. So I think a lot of people, you know, yeah, feeling looked a little stupid right now. It's a little backwards. It's funny. I'm here. And I forget because like we remember one, I haven't been doing anything for months. But we opened like I told you a couple episodes ago. And the only thing that's changed, which I have no issue with, is place are welcome to uphold their own rules. Yeah. So you, you can require a mandate in your gym if you want to more in your place of business. And that's perfectly fine. And I have no issue with that. I just want to go there. So, you know, which is, which I think is totally cool. And a lot of places here. I also like, which I think is smart. If I, by still own my business, I would actually hang up the thing that says, um, suggested. And the only reason I said is because I'd be more concerned to the people who want to wear a mask feeling like they shouldn't. Like, right, because I got like me doesn't give a shit. I see suggest I keep moving on like, I'm not wearing a mask. But I don't want people who want to to feel like, oh, I shouldn't go here and spend my money. You know what I mean? Right. So a lot of the businesses that I frequent on the regular have a sign that says suggested or welcomed, you know what I mean? Yeah. And then a few of them are still upholding, you know, like there's a, there's a tie place I go to. I went for 26 years, literally. And I walked in the other day, it's about a six foot walk to the counter. And I could see my food that I had ordered and she was like, give a mask on my, no, but I just need the food and she was like, okay, we're still having to do the mask. I said, okay, do you want me to buy the food or no? And she's like, what do you mean? I go, no problem. I won't come back after this. But I need to know if I should leave now if you want the 70 bucks. Right. You know, like, the fee is very simple. And then moving forward, like I have no issue with it, too though. Like you're welcome to dead that. I'm just going to come back. I mean, that's all I'm about. Free choice. Yeah. No, and that's how I need business. I mean, you want. You can be kind of what you can force people to do shit. You can force people to wear purple pants if you want. Okay. That's how I look at it. Like I wouldn't even matter. I'm like, cool. When this stops, I'll be back. I still love your restaurant. I want to do that. And it's ridiculous. I'm walking and literally grabbing a bag of food and walking out the door. No, I don't want to do that. You know, so, and it's funny because the Starbucks, I go to, you know, Starbucks is very democratically owned. Yes. So the place I go to, they bring it to my car. I preorder on my phone all the time when I pull up. There's walking out. Yeah. I don't really want to do this. I go on a problem. We'll bring it up to you. I take it every day. We, that's every one's a winner. He makes a little extra cash. I don't get on my car. I'm happy. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So it's definitely nice here. I went to, like, a Fort Lauderdale and Florida. Everyone said was open. Apparently it's depends on where you are. They were Nazis there. It was fucking unreal. Really? Yeah. I went into places. I mean, and it's funny because I thought the whole state was open. I thought they were more quicker along than us. Everywhere we went. There was, you know, you want to go in. You have a mask. I'm like, fuck. Sure. But, but it's, but it's technically not mandated by the government. It's the businesses. No, I do. I do. I think that city because it was everywhere. That's the city. Oh, there was nowhere that we went. Okay. That wasn't that way. And I was, I wouldn't have cared about it. I was actually blindside because I, I had heard that Florida was open. And I mean, I'm talking grocery stores everywhere. That's probably state laws. Like, there's no state law about it. It's probably local. Yeah. It had to be. It had to be. It was super weird because I wasn't prepared. And like you said, I had no issue with some things like. What I mean, I shouldn't say, I don't know issue, but it is what it is. Like if I get on the airplane, I understand. Right. But if I want to fly, then just don't fucking fly. You know what I mean? But I was blindside because I didn't know that about there. And I'm like, oh, I would have picked Miami. That's on vacation. I didn't have to come here. Right. Fuck. Okay. I would just put my money somewhere else. But, you know, it was all good. But yeah, it was definitely shocking because I thought it was. It was statewide. But they're trying to do that here, too. Like, tempi wants to bring in the mask rules again, which is a city in Arizona. But they're not enforcing it. Like right strongly suggesting the businesses that they do that kind of, which means down the line, they'll enforce it because of course all the businesses. Like, oh, okay, we're not just not going to do it. Yeah. It'd be like if I said, you know, Ron, I really think you should, you know, start wearing a shirt backwards every day. Oh, okay. No. Yeah. Yeah. So very similar. But yeah, all good. The only thing going on here currently, that's not my favorite is I don't have allergies. And I got hit by allergies like two days ago. And I was like, fuck, this is why people hate these things. Right. I have no idea what happened. We didn't have like a change in temperature, wind, nothing. I woke up in the middle of the night. Like, someone was, you know, squeezing my head in the ice. And I'm like, oh, yeah, this sucks people are right. I don't like this, but to treat them and have the COVID, I probably do. I probably do. I actually got to say if this was COVID, I'd be like, you guys are pussy. This is nobody. Take some allergy meds. And if they help, then it's not COVID. Yeah, that's what I did. I had to take allergy meds, which is funny because then I find out that, you know, I take the one the first night and I didn't look at it. And allergy, whole and sinus perfect pop this. And I feel good. And then that night, I'm like, man, really not tired. It's all the studio effect. And it was in the ass. You're 20 minutes of a phase system. Yeah, try to sleep on that buddy. Take that shit at 11 p.m. Because I just want to make. What's the take to blue one at 11 p.m. The night time for me to do it was so funny. I'm like, oh, well, I don't sleep anyways. It's fine. What the fuck's going on? This is worse than usual. Yeah. We're going to the park. It's midnight. Let's do this. No, wow, that's that's, that's something you don't want to do. I, I took a micro dose mushroom tab yesterday. Would you think? I didn't notice anything. You got to do it repetitively. So I get the chocolates, you know, and each bar is three and a half grams. And they're like a hersey. They're all broken up. So now I just take one half of those every day, one half of the little bar, like a hersey's cube. Right. And I don't have any milligrams is that is still a seven. Would that be? So it's three points. Be three point five grams divided by 12. So a 12. So that 3500 divided by 12. Yeah. So whatever that number is, I do that every day. I don't feel it, but it does help me not want to beat people to this. Oh, that's, that's always helpful. Yeah. I mean, I don't do that, but I do feel it a lot on the daily. How much is that? That's 292 milligrams of psilocybin. Yeah. All right. So it'd be like one just over a quarter of a gram. Yeah. I, I wasn't sure. I took 150 milligrams capsule. You know, what I took is it would be a lot for most people I use in every day. So it's good for me. I don't, but I don't see the effects whereas when I once a month I do three and a half grams all at once. Oh, okay. That's awesome. Oh, wow. It's been a long time for me. No, I just took the one cap and I was like, you know, a couple hours later I was like, oh, yeah, I forgot to take that cap. I guess I didn't feel anything. That's the point. Shouldn't. Like if you're doing microdose incorrectly, you don't even know you're doing it. But you might just notice, just for me, it's just, you know, I mean, you've been enough around me. A little things make me irritated. I'm like, doing that. It's just, you're easily my most irritated friend. Yeah. So it numbs that. So I'm safer in the gym from giving the look that I give all the time. Like, I would feel like you're someone filled me the entire time because there'd be so much of. Yeah, you can't hide it. You're very bad at hiding it. You have other skills dusty, but hiding here and knowing that is, that is not what of this. I think you've just never, never really shared it. Maybe because I followed up with a what the fuck was that out loud. That might be an issue too. Yeah. And then of course, it's always funny when I notice someone gets to the end of their of your threshold. Because you go over to and you go, let me talk to you for a second. Do you want to know what's great? Then you walk off to the side with them and you lean on something and you have a little conversation with them. And I can tell that it's not going to happen again. I have to tell you a funny story about that with a see that I've seen you do that here for a time. Never, never. So a pseudo, you know, I have a conversation in Tampa a couple years ago. Just talking, I don't even know if we were talking about it, it'll maybe a little bit, you know. And this kid comes over and just joins the conversation. Right. And we're like, let's find, I guess, but he keeps saying dumb things. And he says something, well, you know what I mean? It's a science and Chris, of course, goes, I don't like science. I like results. So that was like strike one. And I'm like, oh boy, he was annoying me. And finally, I'll, I'll never forget all calmly. Chris goes, hey, could you stop talking? That was like, oh shit. Chris, Chris, sorry, hilarious story one time he's, you got on an airplane. It was on his way home from one of my shows. Okay. I go, how was the trip? And he's like, oh, as soon as I got on the airplane, this guy sat beside me. And just wanted to talk. And I, I had my, I was so fucked. I had my head on the window. And I just had to look at him like as a plane was taken off. And I was like, can you not speak to me at all? I love the gossip at all. And the guy was like, oh, and then Chris just went back to sleep to stop the whole flight. There's so funny. If anyone's ever worked with Chris, he knows that four days equals a good 17 minutes of Naps per day. Right. And that is the end. I mean, I used to wake him up. To go look at me real quick. And I would knock on his door. He'd be on top of his bed. All of his clothes on. Sit up. Run you through the shots. Hair a mess. He's like, fuck, you look good. Okay, coffee. He comes his hair the way Jordan Peters does when he's at shows. And I'm buying my headband now that I know how that works. That was, that was the greatest part of our entire show. I don't care what anybody else says. The only value was when you were like, oh, you called your hair. He's like, oh, I didn't. I didn't fool you. We got to want to thank everybody for the feedback on that one. That one went over really well. Everyone seemed to like it. And, you know, got a lot of views and Jordan really had a good time. You know, a message of laughter and all that. So, yeah, what's your feedback on that? Feedback, of course, is phenomenal. But I had no less than 10 people request that we bring on. Have I seen him current? Yeah, yeah, current. Yeah, current. So I posted asking her. And she said, if she gets the Olympic qualifications, the only way she'll feel qualified to do this show. I'm like, well, that's bullshit. None of us are nearly as good as you. But okay. Yeah, I'd love to have her on. Oh, I would too. I haven't, I mean, slightly intimidated because, yeah, she's not only a better bodybuilder than all of us, but also stronger, which sucks. So I got a pretty much single. Like, that's the only thing I have in this world is that I'm strong. I'm like, but not as strong. Oh, she's only doing four plates. Oh, those are skinny plates. Oh, she had nine plates. Oh, yeah. And then I did use the math. Oh, yeah. So I would be using five or six. So that's me, definitely a thousand pounds. Okay, I can't get this. Yeah, it's funny. So, but no, I love because he also said, I mean, he tells me all the time, off record that she, he thinks she's a better coach than him too. She's like, his, her clients are fucking nuts. Oh, that's awesome. So I imagine she gets very, I imagine she gets a very hardcore clientele. Well, yeah, because she's also, she doesn't even understand. Yeah, weakness. Like, I love when he posts about that because he put up one time, she's somebody asked him, um, dumbest, something like dumbest question you've ever been at or current, current has ever been asked. And he said, it's not, he said, not a question, but I don't suggest anyone ever use the word flat in front of her. Right. I think that's does not get you a good answer during prep. If you say one flat, that's not a good one for you. I, I think that people need to jettison the word flat from their vocabulary, 90 to five percent of a time. Oh, yeah. And they, it's, I just want most people to know that when you say, oh, I'm flat and you show some of your pictures, chances are they think you sound like an idiot. You probably know when a client tells me they're fluttering up. Yeah. What I hear is I'm hungry. Yeah. And also what I hear is all the dice kicking in. Okay. That's good. Let's do this for months. Plus you can be a pancake, the whole prep. Okay. You know, that's the thing is if you said to someone straight up in the beginning, do you prefer we look really good during the prep of the day of the show? That's, that's, that's not a hard answer, but for some reason during prep, I'm flat. I don't care. Yeah. Yeah. You're very nice and too. Exactly. And you don't have a tan on. Yeah. You should shave. Yeah. And you're not done dieting. Yeah. Because all of that's supposed to be ready yet. So I wanted to bring something up. I was very impressed. And I think maybe this will help our case. You know how we haven't been able to get Dante on the show yet, because he doesn't really like to do stuff with speaking. Yes. He put a video up. You can do videos though. It's too long. But I just, I still think. He knows series with me for, Yeah. I just, I just, I just, I was all on his own, right? I do in the incline press and doing the exercises and stuff. And I thought man, is he getting out of his shell? We should throw him another note. You're going to know those confidence. I will keep asking him though. We, you know it's funny. So you know this just like with Chris. So Dante, I find it that reminded me that it's pre-recorded. That's the thing. We can throw it away. He won't. We'll lie to you. But we just won't let you see that we posted. But yeah, don't we talk every day? And I laugh because we never talk about bodybuilding. Yeah. Like everything is investments. Because he's helping me to tell what different things. So it's like, I laughed. And I was like, what is the last time we spoke about bodybuilding? And then today he messes me some training things to look at. I was like, oh, sweet. Finally. We're back to this again. We always talk about blood work. You know, he sends me, he always sends me like, look at this. And it'll be like this terrible blood work. I'm sending my blood work because he laughs at me. Because I want it perfect. And he's like, right. He's like, you're fine. It's fine. Yeah, yeah. I will say though, I think I forgot to mention this on the last show. My blood work was good. But there are a couple of things I wanted to be better. Like for example, my HDL was 1.00. And the lowest that you want it is 1.00. If it's 0.99 it's low. Yeah, no, I was so I was in range. But I wanted it to be better. And then there was, what about your diet is having you shortening? You're just not giving enough. Sorry. What about your diet? It's just like just how my body sits. He said, he said, my diet's fine. But he added some supplements a while ago. He's like, this might raise it. And I was like, okay. And then I got my blood work back. And it's 1.32. There you have it. I'm like, oh, no, it's up. Thanks. And he's like, yeah, no problem. That works every time. You know, 7.00. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So that just, it's just been so many times when, you know, I know Dante's not a doctor, you know, and all that stuff. But man, the results are crazy. Like he has single, he is manipulated a single thing on my blood work with supplements. Like I'll be like, oh, my GFR 70. I think I wanted higher than that. He said, oh, do this. S.S. Next blood work when GFR is 93. No, he's done that. When I was going to a guy locally, he fucking, he's talking about it. It's cool. No, I saw the guy I was seeing locally. Um, who's an endo? Uh, I told him some of the things we were doing. And he's like, I've never heard of that. Yeah. Like, so I don't give a shit that he's not a doctor because literally because so he had on the, on the topic. Occasion asked me, what'd you change? And then I tell him what Dante had to do, whether it was supplements. I do a lot of flex seeds actually now. Um, and that was something he was like, oh. Yeah. So I told my doctor, I was taking quite three grams of astrologists a day for like the last year. Yeah, which is all. And like, like, my numbers are almost past blood work. I only mentioned a few, but like, they're all great. Like, I've, like, this is possibly the best blood work I've ever had in right long time. And, uh, and I said, I'm taking a bunch of astrology. So my doctor, who's, who's got a hormone clinic upstairs. He's a really smart guy. Yeah. He's like a good doctor, you know? He goes, oh, yeah. And here in there's like some value in that. So he, it's like, he's just, he's way ahead of the other doctors. He's got like, you know, the clinic and stuff. And he's just getting on this stuff. Which we've been over years. And Dante's like, you know, years years deep with hundreds of people that have turned their numbers around on their blood work and stuff. So, and also I have to mention how to a good friend of mine, who sent me his blood work a couple months ago. And, and while, like, it was like six months ago now. And his kidney numbers weren't good. Like his crack. It's crackin' and it was high as GFR was under 60. It was like 58. And there was just a few things on there that were like, oh, this is, it's sharply all. He'd be looking at this, right? So I sent his blood work to Dante, who replied same day with like a list like this in charge of thing. I sent it off to my body. I was like, give this a go and do this. Give it a go and do it. Give it. And he got blood work again. And it was like, camera footage like marginally better. And then a few more months went by. He got blood work again. Everything's in range. You know what the problem is, too, that Dante switched with me. Even though I worked with him, prior to this was, I used to do my blood work eight weeks after cycles. And things were drastically on the other. Right. It's doing a normal thing. And he's just wondering, so now I do them in the heart of it. Like, okay, where am I at? I'm at my worst. Yeah, and that's the numbers you want to see. Particularly if you're, I mean, I blast and cruise. So I'm on during prepping on the whole time, but even like, in this next plan of mine, I'll be on for the majority of six months. Yeah. On and off. But more time on than off. It doesn't mean no good to know where I'm at when I'm off. I know. I'm at when I'm shit. So I wish more people would do that. I'd say with my clients, so I go, okay, when should I do the blood work? I'm like, today, we got two more weeks in a cycle. Right. Tomorrow. Like, let's get to it. Yeah. So the only thing that I've questioned a little bit, which we haven't talked in, and I'd love to do live if we get them on, is another friend of mine will, who's literally a scientist. He doesn't believe in changing anything. Like, you know, you don't train for three days before blood work itself like that. Because his answer to me is, how's that normal for you? You're never not training in three days. So wouldn't the most accurate blood work be right in the middle of training? I'm like, there is something to be said for that. You're no I understand what it does to the numbers. I understand the bond and you know what I mean? But I see what it means. Yeah, there's also though it is also important to see like, let's say you're training hard like you smash legs and you go in and you're see K levels like 1500. Right. So, okay, you just smash legs. That's probably why it's high. But you want to know if you took three days after what would it be? It is good to know that. Yeah. What would it give you take down? You take a week off training and it's still 1500. It's like, oh. Yeah, no, you're fucked. That's very valid. Very valid. It's fine. But you know, it also comes down. Some people have to pay for their blood work and stuff too, right? So there's also like, you know, they make sure they just spread it out evenly and get it done a few times a year. You know, make sure you're generally good. Yeah. What, what do you think of? I can't help it. Hope I is a little bit of a spark in this, but you see, hallings head on the inline skates? I did. I did, but I have a few things and this is going to hurt. It's going to hurt a little bit. So number one, I hate seeing it because he's not me. If I fall in hurt myself, nobody goes a fucking, it doesn't alter my career. I'll, I'll have a new story to paint on the internet and be good to go. It scares me to see someone with his talent doing that. And then the other thing it's funny is, because he's getting back into it is skating stride is terrible. So watching him skate hurts my soul because you're a hockey player. Yeah, but again, and rollerblading is different. I will say that. Yeah. But on the flip, his mobility blows my mind. Like the fact that he can even commit to those things this quickly. I'm like, damn, because I mean, I think about everything I do. Like, if you say, like, even when I saw him fall, the first one he put up with like, Oh, God, is he okay? Open, okay, he's up. Okay, we're good. I mean, I consider myself like this fragile little thing now. If I were to fall down, I don't know what would break, but some things, I'm pretty sure would. You know, but yeah, it's, it is cool to see though, and I am noticing more and more guys, you, I'm blaming you. You have started a drum. I, I don't give a shit that you've retired. I don't, he's done it. I'm not trying to take credit. I just, I'm wondering, I'm hoping there's a little bit of a spark there that caused a few people to get back on some stuff. I know there's like some normal jail guys that have mastered me that are like, I'm 48, and I'm fucking building a skateboard because of you. I've had a few. Yes, what? I mean, and I'm not saying it's direct, but I'm going to give a shit. I believe it has a hint. Sonti, when I'm Bahaaki equipment again, and he's playing, he's going to start, he moved Dallas. He's going to start playing Haakey three nights a week as a way to do cardio notes. He already made sure it was crystal clear. It's, it's a no checking situation. Yeah. Dude, just ran away like, I mean, it's, you know this. It's kind of like you, like you don't just go buy a little equipment. He dropped a couple grand. Yeah, he'll be a stocked up. Yeah, I got my, I felt like the best fucking bike I could build. Yeah, and see, and he hasn't played since he was 18. Yeah, you know, but it's funny. Yeah, so I saw him, I saw him in post a video just stick handling in his living room. And I'm like, it's still there. Oh, yeah. You could see it like, like, it's, it's rusty, but it's still there. His hands still know what to do. I was like, oh, fuck. You know, I could definitely see this slowly starting to kick in, you know. But, you know, it's funny is on the flip of what I just said about Haakey's head. I also think like, live. Like, it's funny because I have so many kids come up to me and they don't want to do anything because they're bodybuilding or you know, I don't want to mess up my, my bodybuilding career. And I'm like, shhh. It's a balls of use of the word career. Yeah. It's a pretty loose, I just think you just heard right there. Like, you know, all I have to say is from my own experience of getting back on the bike. Hologs had just needs to make sure that he warms up really good stretches out. Because I remember the night I tore my hamstring. I just went for like a quick ride in my park hate. I like didn't really warm up. I just wanted to go down. Like, that's just started running. I just wanted to pull a few tricks that night because I didn't get to ride that day as I have a fucking school ride for like half an hour and I want to hurt myself. So just make sure you warm up, stretch out, you know, the hammies and the doctors and the calves and, you know, do some jumping jacks and make sure he's warmed up and it'll be fine. Another thing is his strength, you know, he's such a durable like he's not a dainty body. Yeah, no, yeah, yeah. He's like bone density, tendon thickness. Like you could just see this probably just a dexascan dream there if you were to look at everything on the right. So he's pretty durable when it comes to just falling down from like standing height. As long as he doesn't start airing out and stuff, I think he should be okay. Well, and the nice thing is to just like what you're doing, it's not explosive. Because I could tell you so a few years ago, I was big, you know, like 240-ish or whatever, in prep for a show and I decided to start doing bleachers again for cardio, which was fine. I did fine and then I got the itch to do some sprints with some friends that were there. They're athletes and I'm like, I know I'm faster than all of them and they would have never guessed. So we did like 40 yards and I smoked them twice and they were like Jesus, so even like yeah, it's a been a fast twitch muscle. I fast third time hamstring bone. Yeah, yeah, three steps in because the muscle is too strong. It's just you don't have to mean so it's funny because in my head, I'm like, I'm still an athlete. Like I was stunned actually. I knew I was faster, I didn't realize it's to be that fast. And then when my hand went, I'm like, what am I thinking? It's my muscles aren't made for that anymore. I had a guy explained to me why hamstrings are such a injured area when it comes to bodybuilders sprinting. It's always a hamstring, you know what I mean? And he had kind of a neat explanation for it. He said, well, the primary function of a hamstring, if you think about what a human does to survive, the primary function is to deselerate the extension of the leg while you're running. Right. Right. So like, you know, it's really easy to curl your leg back to get your heel to your butt. Right. That's an explosive snap. But then your quad-extended leg at maximum speed and the hamstrings job is to catch it. Right. So that you don't land with your knee hyper extended. Right. And then you blow your ACL over the fucking blow. So the hamstrings goal is actually catching the front leg being extended. So it's a deseleration function. And that's not how we train in the gym. We're lifting weights, lowering them under constant tension. We're not dropping them and catching them. Right. And that effectively would be something that you could train your hamstring to get better at. Right. You know what I mean? We're trying not to do that anymore. Yeah. We're constant tension, whereas it actually is no tension in any grabs it and stops your foot from going too far. So you just said the hamstring just operates a little differently under normal circumstances. So when we go to do something like run, we haven't been training that function at all. It's funny too, because in your brain, as you're telling me this, it's not at all what my brain tells me happened. Do you know what I'm saying? Yeah. And now understand I'm wrong. It's funny to look at because you're thinking it's because it's I'm going. But it's actually because it can't stop my leg fast. Right. You know what I mean? And it's what happens in thought is as the leg extends and you plant your foot. That's when the injury starts to occur. It's it's stop. And then all of a sudden you command the hamstring to yank you forward and that's when it goes boom, you know. So it's kind of like what what I what I get scared when guys are on like a preacher, when you see him drop the neck and pack it up. Oh, fuck, that's going to stop doing that. Like you're you're daring that muscle to tear. So it's funny. Yeah. Perfect sense. But yeah, it was definitely a wake up. And I think about that less per se, but like for me and hockey, I think it would be the same or it probably an adapter. I don't know how to fire in comparison. But I guess with a hockey striad, there's more quad, glute in volume. And then you're going to go on to all the way to the front back. It's almost 45 degree push. But definitely fun to see all these guys doing it. And what I do like as much as it scares me is the exponential growth in his ability and like three days. Oh, yeah, first I said to remember how to skate a little bit. I think it's back under me. And then by like the third video he put up her. I was like, let's up that little background. I mean, it was drastically better. I mean, I'm, you know, and I know that, you know, kids that skate or probably like, drastically better my ass. But in comparison to what he was two days ago, it's like, you could see it coming back. I saw your video. I think it was last night that you posted when you're, no, it was Sunday. Yeah. With you nailed the trick you hadn't done since you were a kid. You know, but it's fine. I don't know the sport at all. But literally in my brain looked perfect. I was like, got those or smooth. Yeah, I came off good. So the funny thing was is I've been, I started trying that trick again. Like a couple months ago. Mm-hmm. And I got over the top a few times. I had like one fall. And then I like kind of bagged myself once. And then I had like, you know, big bruise on my doctor one time. I was like, hey, I'm going to hold off on those for a little while. I'm not, I'm not good enough to do those yet. Like, because, you know, I used to do them all the time. So the temptation is there to keep trying them. So I put it away for a little while. And then I, you know, I guess a few months ago, while about a month and a half ago, I started doing them at the end of every session. So I'd ride like two hours and when there'd be like 15 minutes, I'd say, I'd be like, okay, I'm going to, I'm going to try a few of those and just get comfortable trying them. And, you know, I had some close calls, but they just weren't happening. And then that night, I was riding. And Emily actually wanted to come and hang out because she had the dog and cheddar computer and she's sitting on the lawn and drinking her Starbucks and she's just in heaven, you know, birds chirping and shit. And I'm riding. And I go, hey, you're ready to go and she's like, yeah, any time you're ready. And I was like, okay, I'm just going to try this trick a couple times, just because I haven't tried it today. And landed, I think it was the fourth one. Right. And then I just threw my bike in the truck and we left. Yeah, we're done. Yeah. Yeah. And I always turned my camera on because I knew I was going to pull it, like, randomly, one of these dates. So I set my camera up and the video was only like two minutes and 30 seconds long. So I like, do they went for four times a go to the day? Yeah, nailed it like the fourth time I was like, okay, fuck off, I'm finally got it. But it's victory. Yeah, go home on a high note, you know. So I would've been, I was funny because of course the whole time I was wondering, and now I'll be curious when you go back out is, will you, I almost feel like you'll definitely get it again. Yeah, that's how it works. I'll probably nail it. How it works is you nail it once and then the next time you ride, you make yourself get it one more time. And then the next time you ride, maybe you get to, you know, and keep something you're always good. Yeah, yeah, you know, so it's just kind of. And then once you can get it, I guess like, I asked my buddy the other day, what's, what do you consider wired and he's like five out of five? Right. You do a five out of five times it's wired. You're ready to like throw it into a contest or something, right? That's what he thinks. No, you'd get it. Yeah, let me just say, yeah, yeah. So I'm like, oh shit, that's tough. I was not allowed. I can do five out of five times. You know, I get you if you have this five out of five. I got a few three out of five and stuff. I can do a few of my, you know, like, but it's tough. Those guys are so consistent, you know, it's just like, it's just like anything. It's like doing a set of squats for 10 reps. How hard is that for you? You can do a 10 out of 10 times, right? You know, that video you put up with that guy that you said was like, your favorite style blew my fucking mind. Yeah, he, he started people who don't watch runs, shit, you should probably follow him Instagram, so I don't ruin your life, but it was impressive. So he was like, that guy's a very fascinating individual's name, Chase Gwyn, Gwyn, it depends on how he said it. But anyway, he's actually from Windsor, Ontario. And there was a point in time where he was like the greatest flat lander on the planet and he was like, change in the game and doing stuff and the one was doing and progressing. And it was actually through the mid 90s. And he was actually homeless during the period of time when he was like, one of the greatest riders on earth, he's a very unique guy. He's not a normal dude. Yeah, I know in a weird way, he was like locking himself in a shed under a skate park by the beach. And it was just a loaf of bread in his bike. And he was like, sleeping on a fucking patio furniture mat set. And he did that. He lived in Portugal homeless. He lived homeless in Europe for a while. All he had was his bike. And he would ride eight hours a day. And he was like, reclusive and very, very unique guy. I've read some interviews with him and listen to some awesome interviews. He's really cool stories. But you know, he's got near death experiences and some crazy ship that he saw traveling the world and nobody to show for it. Now like just normal dude, you know, but he still rides every day. And it's just a crazy story. But the mid 90s period of time, they're all those video clips a hammer just so fucking nuts. So, that's awesome. I love to read or see that stuff. I'm getting into that now of like, I'm not sure about it. But like, autobiography and stuff like that with some of these guys. I just, I just heard, which I haven't started yet, but I guess Ketis's book is insane. Like his life and he doesn't. Yeah. Well, didn't you do one called scar tissue like 15 years ago? Yeah. That's the one. Yeah, I think so. But I guess it's supposed to be just like, there is life from my understanding how he's not dead is amazing. Yeah. And so I literally was on my trip. That was actually something that Nicky was like, Oh, if you read this book, I'm like, no, and now I have to. Like she gave me her to read it. And I was like, oh, yeah, I got to read this shit. And also, I'm excited because Brian Johnson, the singer from ACDC, he's putting out a book called The Life of Brian. Oh, God. He said, take on the Monty Python movie title. Yeah. It's life Brian and so I'm really looking forward to reading that. Because he's such an interesting dude with the race car drive in and you know, being a singer into ACDC for 40 fucking years and just take all the stories he must have. So I'm looking forward to reading rock star books. So you are good. There's a handful that I've been through that were pretty good. You know, I like rock star documentaries too. Well, I like it because a lot of them, it's not all sunshine and rainbows like no. I mean, that lifestyle will each you up. You should, you should, for those of you, I think it's on Amazon Prime, but there's one on slash that I enjoyed. Yeah. Yeah. And it's like the interview all the people that kind of grew up around them and like it's pretty cool story. Yeah. I read, I mean, it's so funny. It's so long ago, but like I even remember when the rodman's book came out when he was so in his prime, like I was like, because I loved him as a kid. It makes sense that I grew up the way I did because he was. He woke up, I mean, basically the love you don't realize that that was always his personal habit. He didn't know how to let it out. And literally Madonna met him. Yep. And was like, oh, be you. And like unleashed him more or less. And then disappeared. I mean, she made him millions just by saying, Oh, what just fucking go off the deep end then. Yeah. I do it all the time. Yeah. Have you heard Jim Jeffries, the Australian comedian? Yeah. Have you heard his story about his wife? No. So it's his wife used to be a model. Right. And he's got a funny joke where he's like, my wife was a model, you know, and everyone's like, Oh, and he goes, relax. I didn't get the model years. I fucking love it. Oh, don't get ahead of yourselves. Because I got the later years. Like, you know, it's that. But anyways, he's like, I guess one time, his wife was just like casually telling him a story. And he like, so it's putting stuff together in his head. And turns out his wife was kind of friends with Madonna at one point. Because she was a model. And Madonna was living in the house in Florida. Right. And she was Madonna was banging Rodman. So Rodman had a friend who played for the heat. Right. And he was banging her. And one night they took too many drugs and drank too much booze and had like a four way. Right. So Jim's like, imagine me trying to put this together after a party married or whatever. You know what I mean? It was just so funny. But yeah, it's in one of his standard. That's special. It's awful. But it is fucking classic story. I like the comedians like this is the rough point of my life. This is definitely a part of my gig now. We're taking it there right now. Yeah. You know, I'm really looking forward to having stand up comedy again. I have to admit how jealous I am. I look at Instagram and I see Joe Rogan doing stand up shows and Austin with Dave Chappelle. And I'm just like, the fuck, you know, I had Rogan tickets had, you know, they got canceled. You know, like that sort of thing. So I'm really looking forward to having those shows back. Because I think I said it before, but the last normal thing I did before COVID was I went and saw a bill burr. So at least you went on top. I mean, that's one of the best you could have possibly seen. I think. I think. I would have got a lot of questions. I know you have a lot. I've got a lot. I'm sure I do now since we spent another hour just talking about it. We always do this. I tell people and they don't understand. They're like, you guys are like, you guys are like, you guys flow so up. Like, oh, we forget you guys are here. Ron and I are just having a conversation. You guys help us with material. And then I'm like, oh, you guys watch this. I see that's awesome. I still sort of. Every episode we do that does never gas. I still sort of assume that's that Scott's going to message us after and go, ah, that one didn't really come up with. I mean, we can't post it. You guys talked about nothing for two hours. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's definitely a very inside look on exactly what dinner Earl sounds like. Yes, exactly. You guys have not all had dinner at Earl's with us now. Except when we eat together in person, there's a lot more of like, hey, watch this and we're actually going to the other. But I apparently have about 200 questions. So we should get to our. I gave it three hours. Ron and that was, uh, damn. Yeah. Okay. Hey, what's going on, guys? Thanks for watching another podcast here. Think Big Bodybuilding Media. And thank you to our great sponsor, True Nutrition.com for making this all possible. True Nutrition.com is owned by Dante Trudeau, the creator of DC training. He wanted to create a supplement company that offered high quality third party test and supplements at a fair price. High quality protein powders, just about every type you could think of. Huge variety of flavors plus health and performance supplements. Check them out, True Nutrition.com. And hey, if you use our code, advices, you directly support our podcasting. Thanks, guys. Let's get back to the program. That should have, I need to bring that down on hour. I think. But anyways, so let's get these things popping. Okay. Fire away. This is a great one to kick it off with my client, KC, perfect. What's the biggest difference you see between local level clients and national level clients? Yours. I'm assuming we're meaning what gets won from under the next. Well, I guess. It's hard to say. I mean, obviously, they have more experience. So there's less, less, less simple questions, right? Cause they have more experience if done more times. But it's, you know, the mental approach to it. I mean, by the time you get to nationals, you kind of, you know, either had your ass kicked already. Or you have one. So, you know, it takes to win. So there's like one of those two have already occurred to you. At least one of those two. And you usually just change your, you know, your mental approach a little bit. Make sure you a little bit more solid and locked in, you know. Yeah. You know how when you have like entry level clients doing their first show, like there's like all like a little bit more chaos, usually in their mind. Yeah, I found, and it's funny. And I'm going to be specific. And I don't really care if we've really, really, really. That's what it is. I've got a guy who's actually really talented. And I'm older guy. But he wants to dream way too big right now. Like I'll get the email. I don't know where that's like, you know, what do I got to do to turn pro? You know, I really want to make sure and I'm like, no, no. Right. You have that plan yet. Executed every single day. Like because that's, that's literally I think what will get you to the highest level. Like I'll be honest, I think not everybody. But a very, very high amount of number to people can go competitive in national level and not get murdered. I didn't say win, but not embarrass themselves. But the key to that is consistency over time. Like when I, when I won my first overall in 2008, I said to myself, I looked at the pro or the national level. So it came out there. And I put my head down for two years before I looked up. Yeah. Yeah. I didn't think about it. I just grinded grinded grinded grinded. I looked at my pictures and I was like, I'm one of them. Right. Okay. Now let's look at what a show is. You know what I mean? So I think the difference is consistency over time, obviously. And then I think you plan for it. I knew what I wanted to do. I was not someone that saw the value in competing many, many times because I knew how to do it. I wasn't worried about committing to the diet. I didn't care if I was in shape. I didn't need titles. I needed to turn pro. Right. You know, so I lived. I did a show in 2008 and I did not do another one until I won Junior Nationals in 2010. Yeah. In fact, in hindsight, I didn't even qualify for that show. Yes, jumped in. I didn't even have a lot to do that. Yeah. No. That's that's definitely true. And you know, I just told someone yesterday I trained for seven years before I competed. You know, so you did do the same thing. You used to even more quietly than me. You trained as a bodybuilder. When you started to be and you've competed every year because it was time. Yeah. Yeah. You know what I mean? Yeah. So when I first competed, I was terrible. And then I did a show two years later when I was decent. That was how I did it. You know what I mean? Yeah. You were very good when you started competing. So that makes sense. Go again. Do you see a problem using splendor in moderation during prep? No. Everyone knows my answer. I didn't mean I'd use moderation. No. Just fucking it's like a non-concern. Doesn't even cross my mind. Never cross my mind. The only time it would ever be an issue is when you find out that some client is drinking bottles of syrup and eating three packs of gum a day and drinking a gallon of diet soda. And you're like, oh, we are upsetting your stomach with all this stuff. But as far as putting splendor in your fucking coffee and using protein powder that has been explained in it and I don't know. Don't worry about that stuff. Yeah. I'm the same. I mean, I'm using. So the last couple days when Chris pulls the water down, the only thing I drink is coffee before my liquid. Because I find that drinking and then cold, it's, I drink so much. It's hard to drink six ounces of ounces with a meal. But if it's hot coffee, it's easier for me. But I'd have a splendor every single time with it. So six times a day, I'm drinking a pack or two of splendor the day before I show over the day on the show. Yeah. Pretty simple. So yeah. I'm the same with you. Don't think about it. And like you said, if I have a client that's hit a wall and I know in my soul that they're doing everything they're supposed to do, then I might start working backwards. Like, okay, what do I not know? And not like you said, that's when you find out, oh, you're using a half a bottle of it. It's not butter spray a day. Yeah. Or half a 50 calories. Okay. That's a pretty good one. Yeah. That's it. So, okay. Yeah. I agree. Some of you want me to just keep popping up. No, that's, that's, yeah. Just keep firing. You're doing good. This is, this is awesome. So easy. Oh, what's the next one? Why is my elbow hurt when squatting? Everyone says it's, that my form is on point. What do I do for the pain? Well, there's something tight through the tricep or forearm. That's, so he's got to work on some sort of flexibility in the long head of the tricep. I would put, you know, hand over head, stretch the tricep out stuff. And then also he's got to do like, you know, get his, get his wrist mobility better. Try to loosen up the forearm. But it's, I'd say it's tricep slash forearm tightness in a squat position. He could also just like walk his fingers out one finger. You know, like he go a little bit, try his little bit wider grip or something. So try that while you're handling the actual problem that way you can keep squatting. Yeah, I agree. Oh, god. It's good shit. I like the ones that I don't need to ask with their funding. And this guy says, when I helped me form a super Army to fuck these shitty governments for closing the gyms. We're already on it. Yeah, it's already been handled. Oh, there's an interesting one. does libido impact training progress. I hate when I don't have enough information. No, if I keep brain's out in joy life, you should have as much sexes you can possibly have there. I agree with that. I was like when people used to say that they're like, oh, sex is bad for the legs. I'm like, I wouldn't know. They're like, oh, you don't have sex. I know I don't have sex. Yeah. Yeah. Take whatever you can get at all times. You might have a dry spell. I've heard of those. Never seen one before. You never know when a drug is coming dusty. Fuck you brain's out. Oh, here we go. I will also say that I have had sex a few times between the morning show and the night show of a contest. Yeah, the only thing about the next situation is like the tan on my garage. Just make sure we get this fixed. But yeah, you know, some doggy style involved. You know, I'll create a career. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Hey, you go to the night show. Pretty relaxed, man. You know, I want to have a pent up. You know, what was it? It's like the rule of making a face. Got all that stuff. All that all the good, good brain chemistry going on is floating there. And you got to do something with that time. Yeah, yeah. I actually follow that logic. I do. I do a little bit. It does. But about 10 minutes worth. It's a sodium drop. All right. May have to have back surgery. Please tell me it's not the end of bodybuilding for me. Ronnie Coleman at back surgery in 1996. There you go. There's a piece of data. I didn't even know. That's his first back surgery. That's where it all began. And then he won 80 Olympias. So was it the end for him or no? I'm not a lot following. Yeah, he did okay after that surgery. Yeah. You know what Liz truthfully is a drug. I don't recommend the other 20. Yeah. That's what I think. That's what I'm talking about. One well. What's speaking of? And you know I had to do this because I sent it to you last night. The fucking, so Ronnie Coleman now, if you guys go to his Instagram, is offering a service. I'm going to call it where he will do a voice note slash video note for you for your birthday or to pump you up before. Yeah, that's an app that there's all these celebs on. It's like the celebap or whatever. Yeah. I puked in my mouth when I read that. Because here's where my brain went. Number one, he used the word small, what a small fee of $300 fucking dollars to do this. Now, number one, I think my finances are well above average. $300 and I was a small fee. I don't just toss 300 bucks out the window for shits and giggles. So that's ass in mind. But and you just said there's an app for it. So maybe a lot of people are doing it. But my brain immediately went to, if I remember that, hard up for cash, that I'm thinking of using my past successes, as a way to make 300 bucks for a note, I've made some fucking errors in life. I just don't literally my heart sank because I'm telling you right now, Jake, color ain't ever going to do that. Ever. Right, I'll bet on it. He could prove me wrong just to take my money. Like I just can't imagine me being like, oh fuck, don't forget I gotta do those three videos for those guys. I have people doing it all the time. I mean, I'm not Ronny and never will be, but someone will say it. And event, you know this. Hey, boy, couldn't make it. Can you say something for a real quick? Fuck yeah. Imagine it was like, yeah, absolutely 300 bucks. Yeah, yeah, it was interesting dude. I was a little surprised. I need to look into it more because I know there is, I know that that app that he was talking about has a lot of like celebrity type people on it, doing bad stuff. But they also do that kind of stuff on only fans. So it's a little weird. I just don't get it. I mean, I mean, again, it's a different mentality, I guess, but it's just as you know, I sent it to you. I sent it to the Scott. I'm like, what the fuck? I don't know why bothered by soul so bad. But I'm like, no, I can see, I can see why. What, I could see how you, yeah, I could see that. I can see that. I know, I just like desperation to me more than a service. You know what I mean? Right. It just makes you wonder who suggested it to him. Yeah, I don't know. And I mean, maybe he's perfectly fine. I mean, and he just making some extra cash. But I guess I don't see that a ton different than a lot of other things that people consider bad for doing, you know, that they never lived down. And I'll tell you, which I'm sure you, I don't know if you clicked on the link, but the fans are tearing them up on it. Oh, no, I haven't looked. Yeah, so it might be gone by the time you look today. Oh, because literally they were like, are you fucking kidding me? Like a lot of people read it the same way I did. So either they all see it like me or they need to work on how they present it. Because I'm not exaggerating 70%. Like every, you know, two out of three comments were not good. Okay. Maybe even more so than that. So yeah, it was definitely a toucher. Okay. Yes, I did. Oh, that's nice people who like it in that. Go for it. What do you season your ground turkey with? I use either highs, seasonings salt, or loury seasonings salt, depends on whichever one they have at the supermarket. But those are my two favorites. And then I put some Frank's Red Hot Sauce and while I'm cooking it. And yeah, that's my favorite blend. Yeah, my usual basic two. I sometimes I'll make it like a taco. We just use taco seasoning. Is a go to also I'll use the sloppy Joe mix and never tried that stuff. And I actually make it a little running or like you would with a sloppy donut running, but a little more. I think it's actually really good. It makes the point where I'm like, fuck, that's decent. I'm tempted. Okay. Yeah, so I think he's kind of questions you have. Oh, this is a good one. Do you ever negotiate your services for other services bartering like with your barber? He's asking me specifically. Oh, no. No, no, because I'm waiting for this nap. Your lapings are like, fuck, where's this going? I'm really like, I don't really like wanting anything for anybody. I don't know. I'm not I'm open to the idea like, like, I'm open to the idea, the concept, but I just like to keep things clean where I just pay you for your thing. And then you just pay me for my thing. Yeah, no, I do the same. I don't trade. I can see the benefits like taxes and there's all sorts of stuff. It was on a larger scale. Right. Hey, I'm going to buy $10,000 worth of your services. And I have this $10,000 thing that you want. I would be totally in that tax more sense. Yeah, nothing. Then it feels like nothing happened. But no, to answer the question for what I do, because I think it's probably also the way they see with my presentation on the internet is for my barber Courtney. I do her perhaps, but it's number one, it's two different things. So I just don't like bartering. I like keeping track, I like keeping score. I charge more per month than I use. Plus, I factor another things. Her business is younger than mine. I also overpay. So I'm purpose. She argues with me every single time. I pay her double what she charges, because I want to. That to me is, if I lived in where you are, I would pay for membership, even if you want me to. Fuck off. 50 bucks. I'm going to pay you. The only time that that gets different is friends with businesses that are on my level, where me promoting them is worth money. Where they know that. To have my name attached to marketing is worth money to them then we can barter that part of it, so they're not paying me directly. So when I had the dollar strain, that didn't pay for price. But I sold a lot of training for that. Right. When I got my truck done just barely, I've, you know, with that ceramic coating, I think he's gotten seven trucks out of me. So we do that, but as far as payment, I'm with you. I just like to keep it clean. I pay you. I mean, because she won't need my services and I'll still need hers. So we just keep going. You know what I mean? Yeah. She's not going to be in Prattpur. She'll decide she's got the office, isn't it control? Well, my beard is still a fucking mess. So help me out every week. Yeah, that's exactly it. I just say, I don't like keeping track of shit. Yeah. But I hate feeling like I owe someone that I struggle with. I would much rather, if someone has to be on the upside, but it's not a, you know, you're not getting fucked. I'd rather that I gave a little too much because I feel weird if I owe. I'm like, yeah, like I saw, like there's all these little things that I've seen, like, like I've seen, you know, Emily, I've seen my girlfriend, you know, maybe there's a girl I was make something up, so it makes sense. Like, oh, she does my nails. So I'm going to give her three sessions. Right. Two, I don't know what, whatever, two sessions. I don't know where the four nails are worth. But then the girl cancels one of the sessions. Because she can't make it. Is her kid sick. So now does Emily owe another session? Because I grow canceled like half hour before a session. Yeah. It's sticky then. She'd normally charge a client for the late cancel. She'd finger a session or a half a session or do something. Yeah. But now this girl doesn't actually have any money in doer. So she should, she have to give her another session. Like there's all those little things. And I get to keep track and it's just I fucking hate that stuff. Give me 50 bucks. Okay. I'm going to give you 50 bucks back. There you go. Like, yeah. Yeah. No, I'm looking at the same as like, especially with friends. I look at like going to dinner like, you know, Ron and I, we don't split bills. And we also don't keep track of which one's higher. You just rotate every time and and pass them. We forget. It's kind of fun. The lottery. Fun little lottery. And then everyone's in a while. You get a Wendy's bill. And the other guy gets a steak house bill. And you make a, okay. I'm not sure exactly. That's that's how you function. I think when you get to this point, it's like, I just don't want to ever be weird. You know, or because a lot of people too, if they feel like they are owed, they wouldn't even tell you. Right. You know, so it's like, yeah, I don't like to do that. Money and friends is tricky for me. So it stays all on the books. It's like the other day. Yeah. We went to eat and and, and, and I go to pay and, and I think it's my turn to pay. And I go, I'm taking the pizza home. So I'll pay. But that's coming with me. Yeah, because I was like, half of pizza left. I was like, I'm taking the pizza home. So I'm going to pay. And then you can maybe do two of the row or something. That's fucking gold. You're like, this is for me for later. I don't make it in the order. Yeah. But yeah, so that's, that's the answer on the, the business thing. Okay, let's see here. Ah. Fortified pound drop in a weight. And my strength dipped randomly with no change in my diet or training thoughts. Well, this is fake. I'm such a non-answer guy. My answer's like, bodies do weird things sometimes. There's a lot of variables. You know, check your water intake, check your sodium consistency. We're like, obviously your diet and your meals. Like, you know, what weighs a lot? Water, food. That's going to affect your weight a lot. Right. Which to a shitty bottle of drugs where you want like prescription testosterone and now you switch to a bottle of sheep underground that has a fucking wizard on the label. You know, like, well, good wizard. And they're probably good wizard. You know, for people in Mexican Tokyo, they would have like to rot while they're on the label. It's not as much crazy. Oh, man. Anyway, what was it? The city's group had the, um, the kangaroo on it. Good luck. I'm like Eddie on here. Yeah. Are Australian kangaroos juice up? I don't know what's happening right now. I got to do this up. Yeah. But no, it, it's, uh, I came up with what I was talking about. Now the image of kangaroos boxing just like, I just fucking ruined your world right there. Really ruined what I was talking about. Where am I right now? I'm sorry. I'm right now. I think I answered your question. Did I not? Yes. You suddenly answered. And then we went on a tangent like we do nothing shocking there. They're never going to let us have a real show. But just, oh, this one hurts. And what a great question. Yeah. Painful. Get ready. I'm just painful for me. I'm ready. Fuck, Mary and Kill. Pendulum squat, hacksquat, leg press. By the way, I love this game. I do this all the time. Fuck, Mary, Kill. That's extreme. That means one's gone forever, Mr. Well, so this is me currently. This is you right now. Yeah. Okay. Given the body I have now, given the lifestyle I lead, he's a BMXer. Go ahead. And all that fun stuff. I would marry the leg press. Ooh. I would fuck the hack squat. Oh, now I would kill the pen. And that's that's like sacrificing one of three equally hot playboy playmates. Yeah, you couldn't lose, but you couldn't win either. Yeah, to kill one of them. Yeah, and I guess I'm just sort of thinking because like the leg press and a hack squat are both more versatile. Yeah, it's funny because when I'm squatting, I'm just thinking of these two things in my head. Or these three things. The hack squat is my least favorite. I'm sorry, the leg press, my least favorite. But it's the most different. Yeah. It stays. And then it became down to the pen loom in the hack squat. And the only reason that I lean toward the pen loom is because no one's ever using it. Yeah. It's just the best gym blues. No one's stealing that. It's funny because I had a kid ask me yesterday. He's a good-built kid in the gym. He's like, can I ask you a question? I said, sure he goes, what is with this machine? It's the pen loom that kids got good legs and everything. He goes, I've never used it. I'm like, no one does. It's so nice. Don't use it. You'll hate it. Now, if I told him, you'll love it. I said, but it's bad too. I've seven plates stacked on it. And I'm like, yeah. But don't get confused. It'll kick your ass. So maybe start with one. I can't. That's easy into this. So yeah, so my answer would be, I would marry my pen loom because she's loyal to me. She's not using other men. I would fuck my leg press and I would have to kill the hack, which probably shocked people. But I've already killed the hack because I broke the one on the gym. We just had to fix it. There you go. There you go. Jesus. Sorry, we're on a roll right now. Love pen loom squats, but I get lower back pain on the heavy sets. Any technique tips. I'm going to answer this quick, it's easy. You are starting to squat up. And a pen loom is a natural arching movement. All you need to make sure you're doing is that your hips, IE, your upper ass, stays on that pad. So instead of pushing up, push your hips into the pad, it will go up and has to. We're also going to be stronger that way. Yeah. He's just doing something mechanically wrong with his pelvis. Well, instead of doing this heavy set, so I know what happens. It's something that happens with everything else. Somehow people get away from their form when it gets heavy, which is funny because it's contradictory to being strong. Do you think he puts his feet too high? And he's rounding his pelvis at the bottom. Is that what he's doing? Might be. So yeah, make sure that's in our factors. The higher your feet up, the more him, glute your arm, the more you're round. As you come down, that would make sense. Yeah. Basically, I don't think anyone needs to be any higher their toes than two thirds up. I put the ball on my foot in the top crack. Right. Okay. Yeah. So my toes are on the top third and the rest of my foot is on the middle third. Yep. I make sure that makes sense. Yeah. Yeah. And every pedal I'm pretty much has that. So that does make sense. Yeah. I find it's funny because I'll see people, yeah, but it's better for the glutes. But there's a squat would be better than glutes than the top. Yeah. Glutes are so easy to train. That's a thing. Like every like press and hack squat and everything hits your glutes. And then you get to the pendulum and it's like, you can't. I try to make it feel like I'm doing a leg extension. Exactly. Exactly. It's almost a, or, you know, if you're going, if you can troll it and you're mentally connected, I can make my quad fire, which is very similar to extension, like a Sissy squat. I can feel it stretch and contract in that way. So yeah, but that's funny. The two and a row were that, oh, that's so funny. You know, your mind is fucked up when someone says favorite acts in your brain. It was late. And that says to grow rear dust like exercise. That he breaks acts. I was like, well, what are we talking about? Yeah. Favorite exercise to grow rear delts and how often? I don't think rear delts are complicated. You just have to, first of all, be able to feel them, train them, load them. You know, I, I, I keep thinking back to when I started training. I remember everyone used to, they'd seen me in a tank top. Like when I was young, like from the age of like, you know, I started training 14. So like all the way up into my mid 20s. Right. Everyone who saw me in a tank top, you're like, you got really big rear delts. Like they were the thickest muscle on my back. Right. And I remember all I learned how to do was standing bent over dumbbell. Related. Lot of the lot of rules, but the style that I was taught was kind of like heavy. Like how a Dorian doesn't in the video. Where he's got a little bit of a fucking yank, but there's still a good negative. You know, and you see that that chunky movement as Leroy says. Right. No. And his arms weren't straight out. He wasn't using like 30s. He had like 65. I was or something, but he was driving his elbows back. Yeah. And almost like the, um, a fly. A fly. That I'm going to get like a reverse fly press. Yeah. But if you watch Dorian in a blood and guts video and he does those heavy dumbbell bent laterals, that was all I did for rear delts. And and I remember like at an early age, I had bodybuilders go, oh, your rear delts are like, they're, you know, they're fine. You don't have to worry about them. They're, you're not going to have problems with your rear delts. You know what I mean? So what it is is the same as a lot of guys is even people who ask, it's like calves. People are like, what's the secret to calves? And I literally want to say train them. You don't fucking train them. I know you don't. Right. Because people will push their calves for a little while and then they'll bail on them. Train your calves consistently really hard for three years. Don't get bigger. Like I know that sounds silly, but it's, it's literally so much thought blows into something. I'm like, if you want to hate your redduce, you just nail it. Do that to failure a couple sets every week. Yeah. Don't grow. Yeah. Because I don't remember. I don't think redduce are hard to connect with either. I mean, you absolutely know when they fire. It's like, oh, I don't remember. I remember someone asked, I can't remember who it was if it was Dave Tader or one of that was one of the powerlifting legend guys, you know? And and and someone was like, you know, really at the end of the day, what's the key to getting a big squat? And his answer was squat fucking heavy once a week. There's all sorts of other stuff to it. Maybe they're doing a light day, power day speed day, but if you don't squat heavy once a week, for 10, oh yeah, once that once a week for 10 years, as he said, it's about heavy once a week for 10 years. That's funny because it's so it's so similar. But it's so fucking accurate. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. You know, you have to make sure it happens. Make sure it happens every time a guy asked that the other day, he was like, how do you get stronger on your debts? Because he wanted like an or it no, it was rose. How did you get your rose so strong? Like I wrote the thing that a lot of people don't have the patience for. So we all go through it, man, it's nothing's linear. And so they're like, well, I want to get my incline dumbbell press up. And sure they have that. It's all fun in games when you're getting the hundreds for eight. And then the next week you get a hundred for nine. And then the next week you get the one tends for six. And it's all fun in games, but you have to be able to continue to train your ass off and stay focused and positive for the 10 weeks in a row where you are stuck at the one, 15s for seven. Yeah. You can't quite get that eight fucking rep. And there's other good stuff going on in your life. Maybe your row goes up a wrapper, whatever, but you just can't get that fucking. And then all of a sudden because you didn't skip and you didn't quit, you get the one, 15s for nine. Yeah. What I think is a particular, it's the patience of going. Because I had my peck issue, tear. I'd say using that works, I think it's torn off the muscle, but minor tear that took away all pressing. So we get in the new shoulder press. And I'm like, I think I'm healthy enough to do this. I would have to five plates and it was humbling because I haven't pressed and so long. Five plates only got six reps. And they were a hard six. And it was funny because a lot of people like, holy fuck, that's so strong. I didn't know how to say like, like, it's terrible. And I'm nervous slash curious on how long it's going to take to get that number up, where it should be. You know what I mean? So, but you know how it's going to get there. It's just how you set it. I'm going to do them again and again. The only difference is I have limited equipment in the general that. So I will use that piece again next week, but my low rep range will be higher. Right. And then I'll come back in two weeks down to that six to eight range. And I hope that I'll begin eight with, you know, five plates sets and six. But yeah, it's consistency, man. It's funny. I did just literally two weeks ago. I went through an old phone because I was, I'm giving it someone to use for a camera. And I wanted to make sure there's no videos. I wanted on there all the point out he had. But training videos. And I actually saw a video from 2018, where I was rolling with 315 for a set. Right. And I was like, God damn, I've got like, it was shocking to me because now I'm in a strap sum of 315. Like, I'm just kind of getting moving now. And I'm like, that, and it's funny because it's a long time. It's three years. But it's a short time to almost double the weight. You know what I mean? I'm like, oh damn. That's interesting. But you see, it's, I think it's funny when you get older and bodybuilding three years. There's a short time. Yep. If I told you, if I told you now in three years, you're going to be a beast. They're like, three years. What about tomorrow? I think, how, how do I do that in three months? So I'm going to take a quick break to plug my laptop in because I did that last week during the show. You guys just hang out with me. I've got to go find my plug in. Oh, she's nowhere to. What do you say? I had to go find Emily's power cord because she took my. 1% no, no lie. 1% I thought you, I was, as you were gone, I'm like, it's going to hang up while he's on. I'm going to grab the laptop on me. I've stepped up on me. Now we're good. We're powered up. Beautiful. All right. I want to get back to my question. I got distracted. I'm like a child. I have to immediately go see something else. We need to have covered that many times. You're all like no one's questioning your relationship. I'm just making it like a child. Just stop. I'm okay. I'm a boom. All right. I'm back. I'm back. I'm sure I'm strange. Hold the tread. Oh, this is a good one. And I love this kid. Thoughts are not holding the treadmill or the stairs, the handles. But the legends and bodybuilding have still come in reps doing it. Well, for me, I don't tread no number one. I don't let people hold on to. And the reason I tell them that it's really simple. Why do you want to do it? It makes it easier. The other thing is if I have it on an incline, holding it, you can literally take away the incline. But you're using your body. Pulling the tread no's nonsense. I could see like having your hands on the rails of the step or the whole time. No, there's like a little bit of a safety thing there for like, if you're not pushing off. No, it's not. I hold this on your top. The treestay. Try to keep it. Yeah. But yeah. So, and as far as the, here's the deal, I hate when people point out legends. And the reason is they're not the same issue. So, yeah, throw that out to window. I think that's a huge thing. And people always think that we're joking. But I don't even understand a logic when someone says to me, hey, you know, why do you dedelift that way? If Phil Heath never had to, I'm like, we aren't the same. And all. You know, or in reverse, they'll say to me, do you think Phil should have trained like you? I'm like, so he could have more than seven Olympias. So he could risk injury that he doesn't need to risk. The risk to reward for him isn't there. Right. Whereas for someone like me, it's a must. So, don't ever compare to freaks. Um, and quite simply, if you don't hold the handles of the treadmill when you walk, then if you have a good coach, you might find yourself doing less cardio. Because I, I adjust here. My cardio based on the results. So if I keep cranking it up because you're making it easier, and I don't know like, I was taught and I'm going to bet you were too, if you're on a treadmill because it's not the same as propelling your body walking. Uh, my old coach used to make me squeeze the glue to the back leg every single step. Is I want you to fucking fire that gluten-handstring like you're pushing off of the treadmill as you would be if you're walking on that in kind of a hill. Because it's totally different. If I put you on a 10% inclined on a hill and said walk up that fucker as three point four miles an hour, you go, oh, that's not what it feels like in a treadmill. No, you're not propelling your body. You're lifting your feet. It's very different. Oh boy. You're answering this one all by yourself. Y'all, I want to kill you. Bananas post workout. Do you think they're more beneficial than other fruits? I would never cross my mind. Those are the types of questions that never cross my mind once in my lifelong quest to be a pro bodybuilder. And of all the things that you've actually put thought into, and I'm teasing, I love this guy, but the reason I point that out is because it's such a common misconception. Like, I'll get questions. They're super, super deep about drugs or something else. And I'm like, what did you eat last Tuesday for lunch? I'm like, oh no, I'm like, I can tell you what I had 10 years ago for lunch on Tuesday. I could have had the same thing I had on fucking Wednesday. So here's a, here's an interesting addition to that question. Yes. The question was post workout. Also an interesting fact right? I didn't even catch because I didn't care. Yes. And that's why my answer was a wooden care. Prework out. If you were going to say pick a piece of fruit to have prework out, I would actually choose banana because it's high in potassium. Right. And that goes really well with a gramosodian on going to consume with that meal. And it'll give me a good sodium potassium pump. You know what's funny is, I'd be even more simple than that. Because if I was just a banana, that's a little heavier when I eat it. So maybe I'll be won't be hungry during the workout. That's why I use oatmeal before I train. Right. I'm in prep because oatmeal I can make a small when Chris brings it down like 50 carbs. I always just choose oatmeal because I can make it a bowl of oatmeal. Yeah, it still sits in here for a little bit. I want some volume. I just want my stomach to feel. Yeah, magic about oatmeal. In fact, I don't even like it. It's just the most filling option I have. So yeah, but yeah, you nailed it. It's funny. I get that all the time because postwork I'll take. I'll tell you guys, take 100 grams of carbs. Like a water boy. Okay. 100 grams of carbs. I know the laugh is remember that you probably didn't watch. But back in the day, these are drinks strawberry soda after I trained. And people were like, why strawberry soda in the truth, the matter was Chris told me to have 75 grams of carbs. And I found there was a bottle that fan to made that was 76 in the bottle. Right. Right. And I like the taste. People that were my strawberry soda, I'm like a taste. Awesome. That reminds me of NASA's NASA's old video, NASA on the list. Diet sun kissed. He's driving out. He's reach iselta, armenace, VZD, he's like diet, sun kissed. Drink the secrets. It's terrible that I remember that too. Don't tell him it's the secret. And he has that he's postworkout. And he's at giant container of papaya. Yeah. And he's like, I just like papaya. So I have it postworkout. And then I remember one time I was like, oh, fucking awesome. So I went and bought papaya. I was like, I don't really like papaya that much. Can I feed him a fruit? All you have this. You need a pound. I can't eat a pound of strawberries. I can't eat a pound of papaya all at once. That's a lot. But that's a perfect example. You said it. And he said it right in there. It's because I like it. Because I think that's the key. I tell that with my clients on there. When I say potato, they're like, which one? I'm like, which one do you like? Okay. Yeah. That one consistently. But don't battle the fuck. Close. Tato. Yeah. Get that one. I like the gold ones. Why? They're cool. Okay. Let's see here. What time is it anyway? So we got a couple of months. I don't actually know when we started. Can we fuck off for so long? Oh, okay. Cool. I have to do this one without you. Guys asking about humusling, which is a product that we have with condemn labs says talk about how it works. So basically, as you know, I've never been into these types of products that you take for carbohydrates, glucose, disposal agents and stuff like that. I've just never lost. Yeah. I've never bought a non-genency. I'm as important. Kind of back on the same line of what we were just talking about. I will say that I always put cinnamon in my oatmeal from day one because I remember an old school body builder said to me when I was really young. He's like, oatmeal is good for making your body use insulin properly. This was back in like 92 or something. Right. And so this is like, show us like, some of the old guys were smart. Right. So I put them. I was put oatmeal. I was put cinnamon on your oatmeal to good. You know, it had your blood sugar better. Right. Remember that's all I had to say. And I was like, okay. So I was there to put cinnamon on my own. So yes, it's a GDA. And I just, the reason I would tell people is it wasn't important in the grand scheme of all the things you could do. But what Michael the owner of condemned it that made his different where I went down and I told him, he was like, this is one of our best parts. And I don't need it. I'm like, it's not that important. Well, then I start looking at theirs. They have enzymes in there. Also, then of course I got to do a little reading. They're actually controlling the, how essentially the insulin is released in your system over time, which made it even more valuable. So now I actually use it. Every single carburetor I have over 50 grams, I use it. Because the end of the day, one thing that's changed in my career as far as a coach is I'm obsessed with digestion. Now it's like, okay, swallowing it's not the end. How do we make sure it's getting used? And I do play more and more with blood sugar levels now. It's something I like to just look with clients and see. So definitely helpful. But the big kick on that list specifically for me is the digestivates. And I can tell a difference. So what I suggest with people don't take my word for it, send me, I say, we're trying it, run it through and just pay attention to how your stomach feels and looks. If you're doing it consistently, I think you'll be surprised. I like it. So good option. What's a, here's a question for you. What do you think is the number one reason for, I especially female competitors, female clients, especially always hitting up with, I feel bloated, I feel bloated, I feel like I'm not digesting properly. And it's definitely way more common with the women. What do you think are the top factors? I mean, the first thing that I look at now, well, number one, I start with water. I make sure the water intake is what's supposed to be. But I'm actually huge now. It's something I do in the beginning with clients now is I do a lot of food allergy tests. Because I have found on accident that a lot of my clients are allergic to things I feed everyone. Egg whites, oatmeal, like mild allergy stuff like that. As far as across the board, I don't get a ton of that because I already have greens in their diets, I already have enzymes in their diets. So if they're doing their things right, I don't have a big mess. What are you running into consistently? Oh, no, it's just a very common thing with women generally, like how often do you hear it guy say, you know, my stomach is like, it just seems like female clients and not even clients. You're talking more about also not just digestion, but taking a shit. Yeah, all that stuff, all that stuff. So a lot of that. Yeah, just general gut problems is just so much more of an epidemic with females who are trying to change their physique. It's just a dressing. I know. I do. I do. I do. I do. I do. I do. I do. I do. I do. I do. I do. I do. I do. I do. I do it. I do it. I do. I do also not. I mean, I go into a long list of why that's stupid, but dehydration is enormous factor with that. Also choosing the correct range for your body is very, very key. I think it's fine that people blindly eat greens. And don't. Yeah, this is the how they feel. It's another thing like, I've, I've had. I've had people say and this isn't just women, this is, everyone but it happens with women. They'll be like, oh, I have this so much gas and so on. It's problems. I'm like, what, what are your vegetables? like, well, broccoli, broccoli, or something else. I'm like, God, like, you people have to stop eating this fucking stuff. It's terrible. And another thing too that is more common, tends to be more common with women too, is their belief that vegetables are super healthy, so we should eat a lot of them, right? Which is a lot more common with women. I run into that a lot more. Like, oh, I eat as many vegetables as I can. I'm like, okay, well, that's not always a good thing, because if you're eating the wrong veggies, you're just causing all this tons of distress. Oh, yeah. You know what I mean? And so there's just all these sort of factors, but a lot of it leads to overconsumption of things that they think are good for them, and choosing the wrong veggies and all these sorts of things, you know what I mean? And it's funny, like, Emily loves sushi with extra ginger, right? So she loves extra ginger, but she'll order an extra side cup of it, right? But then she's like, man, every time we go for sushi, I have like, really like some stomach problems. And so I start reading and I'm like, oh, ginger is like huge the ear, it's not the sushi. It's so obvious what the issue is, yeah. I just don't eat ginger, so I never looked it up. Yeah. So I went looking up and they're like, oh, it's, you know, this and this, it's really good for this, really good for this, but if you eat a lot of it, it can do this and this and this. I touched on though that people can't work backwards because so we were out of town and Nicky's like, I'm gonna get Brussels sprouts and say, cool, I love them. She's a cool, she's like, you know, I need to say, oh, I can't eat them. They taste amazing, but I will rip ass for the next hour and a half, if I eat these things. Like, I knew that, I meet this one. I used to be in prep, I would buy them sometimes, knowing full well, like, these are making me feel blah, but I need something that tastes really good and doesn't hurt me, but I'll definitely be gasy for an hour. So I'm like, I'll be by myself for the next hour or two. It'll be fine, the dog's like, fuck, fuck. He got the Brussels sprouts again, but people don't, like you said, they don't notice that. Like, yeah, just barely Courtney my barber. She literally, this weekend, she goes, decided to try it broccoli. Won't do that again. I'm like, finally, someone with a brain that realized they changed one thing and it went sideways. So she's like broccoli, this sucks. Yeah. Plus, I've never had somebody say to me, dusty, you smell like green beans, but I've never smelled some people smell like broccoli. And I'm like, bro, you stink like shit. I've had a lot of stuff. So someone asked me a good question, they said, what do you know about your body now that you didn't know when you were competing? And it really only happened like the last couple of preps, but as long as I just prep on white rice and green beans, I have no gas. Me too. Like the next snow gas. I can eat oatmeal, white rice, green beans, no gas. Like I am talking about where there's whole days where I'm not sure if I farted. Oh yeah, no, I'm saying, but you're wrong about eating anything. Potatoes, yams, other veggies, you know, throw in some rice cakes, change up the carbs, things start happening. I think I gotta pay attention to that too though. It's Jordan pushes that all the time on his Q&A. Just people go, what do you think about Deca? He's like, why is it fucking matter what I think? And people don't understand that he's not being a dick. He's being literal because that's how I feel about food. Like I can't have yams or sweet potatoes. They blow me. I mean, my stomach gets descended visually. Yeah, it's not a scientific fact of yams and sweet potatoes. It's just me, but a white potato, totally fine. Right. Pay attention to what you eat and what happens, especially when you're switching things. Like that's a one thing I hate as a coach. I'll tell people at the end, please don't change anything that I can't see. Don't suddenly decide you want green peppers and your meals. We got odd two weeks. Just eat the same. Yeah, we're almost there. You know what I mean? Yeah, yeah. When you change factors, you fuck things up. Like same thing, I'm like about the splendid question. People are like, aren't you worried about getting lean? Like not, I've been having this amount the whole time. But if I was eating two splendid a day and an allus and I went to 12, there might be a change that's visually seen in Chris goes, what's happening? Did you change anything? Nope, nothing. Yeah. Yeah, you know, you're all of a sudden bringing all these artificial sweetness you weren't doing before. Papa, oh, this is good. This is easy. Does broche blit wisely built make sense for a natto guy? I feel like push pull legs is too high of a frequency for me. Yeah, totally. It can make sense for sure. I mean, it's, there's so much fashion in this dusty. I've been around long enough to see these things coming around like, fashion can so true. Well, it's like the third time I've seen, I've seen keto twice. Maybe three times I've seen it come around. You know what I mean? Like, so everyone's like all the bro splits and the three, the push pull and stuff. Like this is all stuff that's coming around again. It's a general shift of who's currently really good and who's currently giving out good information and those people, their, their advices. It's just like how I mentioned, you know, everyone was training like Dorian when he was the champ and then when Ronnie was the champ, everyone wanted to do parking lot lunches. You know, there's so much of this comes around at the end of the day, what do they have in common? They're both trained real fucking hard super consistently. We had good mental attitudes felt acted and carried themselves like champions, right? Right. So, so I mean, yeah, the bro split can work, but it only works if you make it work. Yeah, I think that's you nailed so much of it right there that I think is accurate is things just swing back through. Like, I hate the term bro split because it's, it's just good bodybuilding. Yeah, it's just, it's like how many dates do you need to recover? That's it, split your body up. Okay, let's go. I mean, I am more currently, which I don't, I've no idea what Jordan's gonna have me do, but I've been more of bro split for the last couple of years because I was specifically trying to bring up certain body parts and so I wouldn't neglect other things on purpose to put the focus in the family. You couldn't do that on a push-pull leg. Now that I want in a huge amount of size, I'm sure I'm gonna be right back on a progressive overload plan because I told them straight up, I don't care where it lands. I just wanna get fucking big. This isn't bodybuilding anymore. Like, I'm doing something different. I just wanna get as big as I possibly can, let's do that. So yeah, you gotta find out what works for you. And then I don't even think it's a frequency. When someone says the push-pull leg frequencies too high, my immediate kickback to that would be, I bet you're volume of those workouts is too high. Yeah. Yeah. There's a, there's a, because happy, and it's a way to get to the same spot. The point is not even to these wrong, but if you're following a bro split volume, but now you're hitting it more often by doing push-pull legs, it's too much. And I tell my client, it's funny, but I send out a routine which you and I have talked with us before, about four routines, they're stock, that I start with on all my clients. I'm always really upfront about that because I, but seems cut and paste, it is, you're $195, you don't need anything special yet. I'll figure out what that is in six months, but I'll tell them right in the beginning. I'm feeling this out. This volume might be too high for you. It might be perfect. You're, we're gonna find out. Because when I send, that's a pretty common one for like, you know, intermediate body, notice I send out, I'm like, that would destroy me. The way I trained, fuck, I'd tap out sofa. That's like the volume just way too high. So, you know, it's definitely not the push-pull legs, the issue, but, you know, it is frequency. Oh, this is a good one. It's important to know. And I'm not really interested. What's your go-to drink at a bar? Oh, well, I mean, 99% of time it's this die-coke. I mean, I never order booze. If I had, if I had to, I would order a bond, could die it. There we go. Yeah. Yeah. Or, or I would have a shot of Jack with someone and then just drink my die-coke. Just the quick, I like that. I am a Mexican mule if I'm doing a drink drink. Obviously everybody knows a drink. Oh, okay. But, and all that is is a mosque on mule, but instead it's got tequila. Because I like tequila and I hate vodka. Ah, they got good thing. I literally just heard what I said that I allowed. I heard Alan on the hangover. Do you remember that when he was like, how do you even know that tires like pepper? They love pepper. They hate cinnamon. Yes. Why do you know that? I was like, every- Every- It's cinnamon. I was like, that was the greatest. Like that to me when we were on the footage point, that entire movie the way he's had it, like so absolute. Like they love pepper. They hate cinnamon. They tell you that. That's nice. Okay, good. That was good shit. You got one more? I have so many. Uh, but I know- Oh, here's a good one. We're going to give you one that I would like your answer on anyways that we'll call it a day. Do you use car back loading on your clients? On your self-andoi or your clients? No. Maybe. Yeah. I love it. That's my full answer. No. No. So, all right. I think with those questions, you guys, you're what you're getting back to is complicating something that doesn't have to be. Yeah, I had a client here today, asked me, um, this client has three different amounts of carbs. They have, uh, I can't remember what they are, but let's just say it's like 200 on days off, 300 on training days, and 500 on like day. Right. Yeah. Once a week or something like that, I've got, I've got them set up on three different days of carbs. And they said to me, hey, um, you know, things go on really well, and I'm getting leaner, but I would really like to start carbs staggering. You are. And I was like, oh, you are. And they went, oh, well, well, no, because there's, there's two days of week, come on lower carbs. And then there's four days of week, I'm on meteor, meteor, and then there's one day of week, come on high carbs. And I go, yeah. And they're like, well, yeah, but carbs staggering is supposed to be low medium high, low medium high, low medium high, low medium high, low medium high. No. And I was like, no, like, what do you people get this? Oh, my god. I was like, I don't be the laugh, but it's funny because I was really, what you said that, I mean, what's carbs saying? I'm like, so you're doing that. Good job. Yeah, it's not uncommon. It's not like it's one person I've had that conversation with. So people think carbs staggering is like a certain thing that has done a certain way. It's like, no, it's just a, it's just a varying amount of carbohydrate and take it could be done a million different ways. And then I had a client one time, it was like, there were the type of person that gets in shape like they can have a cheat. What are they like? Yeah, yeah. They can make it Sunday, it could be like a high day, they can go off or dinner with the wife, the whole prep, their glutes are shredded. You know, they're just one of those people. And he was like, oh, you know, I think I should think of it and I need to like do some carbs staggering. And I'm like, well, you're on like, X grams of carbs. And then on Sunday, you have like a thousand grams of carbs. Yeah. He's like, oh, yeah, but I thought carbs staggering was like, and I'm like, you're already carbs, like, it's just funny. It's just, it's just the amount of like rigidness that some people think they have to, there's a certain perfect way to do things. Well, you also have to like, so it's funny. I just saw this on Lane-Motans page yesterday, so I'm actually going to read it. It was very funny. Um, we're talking about why diets work. And everyone's got a magic done. On how they work. And this is the one where it listed listed all the different diets. Reduce is your calories by removing an entire macronutrient. Paleo reduced your calories by causing you to focus on nutrient-rich satisfying foods. And I'm at the fasting reduced your calories by giving you less time to eat. Zone reduced your calories by filling up with vegetables and low carb fruits. The point is, all these diets work because they lowered your calories. But none of them are actually boosting of metabolism. You're just eating less. Yeah. And that's the same thing as this where everyone's like, no, no, no, the best diet is this. I'm like, is the same? Yeah. You lower your calories. That's why you change it. I'm not saying a calorie is a calorie. Don't get me wrong. But to a point when it comes to gaining and or losing just the word weight, right, it is. So it's just funny because I love when he breaks. He's one of my favorites. He's such a dick because he's so accurate and smart. But the funny spot is it's actually also simple. Like everyone wants to argue it, but it's like, no, it's literally this easy. You lower your calories. Yeah. We're on their carb cycling. No, but you have three different carb numbers in a week. You are carb cycling. Forget everything else. Over-simplify. I think that that's the magic of body language. If you over-simplify, you generally lowered your calories over time. Yep. That's the, that's the, that's the, it's just complex that gets. But I think because of this and everyone's need to create a brand. Again, yeah, exactly. Yeah. Nobody wants it and that's it's funny because people last maybe like, how do you, you know, what would you say you do? I said I provide results. How right. Don't know. Help people avoid mistakes. Yeah. I'm going to get your three results and I can't tell you today how that's going to happen. Yeah. But I'll get you there. Yeah. You know, I have no idea what thing is going to work for you. Even if I've worked for you in the past, I mean, you know this, we've said this a million times. There was the second year I worked with Chris. I actually laughed because I realized I actually asked him. I said, uh, you don't keep track of what I did before, huh? He would, oh, no, when you're done, I throw away the paperwork. Yeah. Okay, cool. Because my diet's weren't even the same. When you look at, you think I had a different coach. Yeah. Like it was that different, you know, in the same reason because he'll ask and I know my clients get annoyed by this sometimes in a flash of a texture. Something I'm like, what do you want right now? I know like you don't know. I know, I mean, it's written down, but I'm driving in my car. Yeah. It could search. I could search through the chat and find it. But yeah. So it's funny because that's how Chris is, you know, I've had prep's. When I did the USA is the first year, I was eating 10 slices of bread a day. You know, you know what else? You know what else? Chris said to me, I'm ever, you tell me what that. Yeah. Remember what Chris said to me one time ago, I go, um, Hey, do you do sometimes just ask people what they're doing to keep them honest? And he goes, he goes, you know what? He goes, there's lots of times I ask people, what are you doing? And I kind of know what they're doing, but I'm trying to confirm and they tell me what they're doing. I'm like, that's not what you're supposed to be doing. There's no way I wrote that. I went and they go back and look. And it's like they're trying to pull the fast from there. Like, no, no, I had carbs in meal four. And then he goes back and looks as they night. It's funny because I'm wired so different. Like, I would never even think of that. And I learned some things, you know, back to the simplicity of it. And I'm sure Chris has told you this, but he has a theory with some people, not everybody, that when their carbs get lower, he thinks that their body might get into super prototype approaching synthesis, because randomly they'll start to improve and get bigger. Yeah. Well, I think that way. Oh, I hope today's that way where I'll start gaining weight. I mean, and I'm on 50 grams of carbs for weeks. I think there's some weird. There's a weird zone where your insulin sensitivity is so good. And you're still eating enough that you can be anabolic. Does that make sense? Yeah, well, and then you have anabolic. So yeah. Well, yeah, the drugs are sort of suspending your muscle building ability, even though you're on less calories in deficit or whatever. But there's like a weird zone that I feel like everyone's, everyone who's done enough shows at a high enough level has sort of been through that, like, you know, your hacksquats going up and right dieting and you're like, I'm very, very stressed. You're like, you're, you know, laying back with dumbbells and you're like, okay, this a good day, you know, like that weird stuff. And like we all go through that, but it's, or hopefully you go through at at least once, you can see what it's like. That pretty crazy. You'll love it. Yeah, it's pretty crazy. Just like you wonder, why can't life just go on like this, you know? I know what you mean, you know, that's class. So what do you think, Dusty, that's, uh, I think we did okay today. I think we did, I think we're going to keep at least five or atlessness for sure. I didn't put up a question thing because, um, we always do that, right? And I thought, you know, Dusty, I saw you put one up on like, I'm just going to leave his. Yeah, see you. The main text we'll do one. Yeah, there was a ton of it. Now what I'm doing, I think I told you, I answer all of these still or shouldn't say all that's why. I try to answer 50 is my, like, number of my head because it's, it's humbling and nice that I literally will get hundreds. I just can't, um, but it's good to see. And I do typically I'll answer some of the answer regularly. Again, again, again, because I realized that not all of my followers have been here the whole time. So it's, it's new to them. So yeah, solid episode night and I am going to try to get us, uh, I'd like to maybe make every third episode have a, have a guest. Yeah, yeah, well, we talked about a couple that were going to bring on. So let's line that up for, you know, I guess two episodes from now. Yep, you're just, uh, go ahead and get hold of your porn friends and let's get this going. I mean, yeah. Rock and roll. Okay, is that what you really want to see you want to porn friend? They do. They do. They do. They do. They do. They do. They've been asking. They're your friends. Associates. Associates. I'm sorry. I'm classic. Okay. Thanks. Uh, remember like share, subscribe, uh, comment, ring the bell, think big body building for the audio feeds. So remember to tell everyone if they can't find the show. That's it. Dusty and other episode number 87 in the books. Time to eat. Okay. Same here. Remember everybody. It's just body building.