Welcome back everybody to It's Just Bodybuilding Episode 83 and on today's show we got a guest we got Dusty's tissue guy, Dom Pelosi, he's gonna drop by for a chat and then of course we have Instagram questions with Dusty and I on It's Just Bodybuilding. What's going on my friend? Look at the dream just off day training as you know, it's a little sad but on the road playing in different gyms, having fun, you know? Yeah, I first of all, different shirt, I assume that you know different shirt means someone else gets some love and this is a... Let's see, let's see, I didn't quite see, you want to get transcend company, okay? So tell people what that is. So transcend company is a clinic, so TRT, all the good stuff is on there and also we have some we call them all the PRP or the bandom magic joint shit, all that you guys have here. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, and then but these guys they do your test all that good stuff, women men sexual things, all the all the above, they don't do the sexual things, you know, sexual things, you know what sexual things are there, there are packages be careful, women need to breathe, and the name pills we've got them all, but the primary use for all of my guys is I have a lot of guys that come in and of course you know they're complaining of injuries, lack of libido, lack of energy, lack of energy, and what's the first point? I know, like I have lack of libido, what do you want to say? Because you know the people who come your way and say, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, I thought you're going to have a mentality like you run, right, like what? What's in the old days you'd be like, well come back and meet me behind this parking lot and I'm going to give you some shit made in the bathtub, it's a lead way, and then you can turn it to the park, all natural simple, they go to tranceandcomedy.com, okay, literally a button, Dr. review, they come pick your blood, tell you what you need, and wouldn't you know, I say you $20, if you say dusty 20 when you check out. But the nice thing is, truthfully, that I like bluntly is unlike a lot of TRT clinics and not clip and people. So you know, an average person, let's hypothetically say that there were illegal drugs on the street, and my cost is say 50 to $65 to get a bottle of test, and I can legally get it for 75, and fly with it and travel with it, and subscribe, and by the way, you're going to fuck you up, you know what I mean? We're keeping you safe. So awesome company, all okay, excited. They got great products. So we met over a month ago, and just kind of, I wanted to see the companies actually use the product to make sure that I was happy with the legitimacy of it, and we actually signed everything up last week, our agreement, because I'm going to start using all of my supplements, it'll be from them now. So none of your stuff has like a wizard on the label or anything like that anymore. Yeah, it's a great idea. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, actually getting, so I can pick this up at like a wallgreens, that's different, so that's cool. You know, so it's definitely good though, because all kidding the side, it's, it's the one part of body, and I've always thought it's funny is you've got a bunch of athletes that in some ways are borderline criminals technically. Yeah, and we can avoid all that, and the big thing is right now, I hammer my clients for blood work and what sucks is very first one to ask me is, okay, what do I get on the blood work? Yeah, I can literally send them in. They go to Trans10Comedy.com, type in the information, and you'll tell them like they literally get the blood work done as it discounted blood work to get that out in the near on the phone with the doctor telling you, okay, instead of just I'm sure you have a client that just sent you the blood work and I don't know what this says, right, right, they do all that for us. Yeah, because we're all here to be meeting effects, here's natural supplements, you can use here's things we offer we can use and I are healthy. So I'll be doing a lot of Q&As on the individual products. I'm actually going back to school now, technically with them, because as you know, a lot of the joint repair stuff that you've used and those things that I never really tried, the issue I had with not getting into those was half a more fake. Right, sourcing and quality and all that sort of stuff. Yeah, I think that's a big problem. The guys who used the good stuff would be like, oh, it's so great. They talked to them and I was like, did nothing. You know, so this way it's all legit. They run through them. Those things, what's nice, some of them you don't even need is script 4. Some of them you do. So so they're doing all the peptides as well, you mean? Yeah, every peptide you can think of. Yeah, yeah, yeah, that's cool. Okay, but like I said, I actually have to get more educated on because I've always ignored them for that same reason. I'm like, yeah, like the BPC 500 and the T or the BPC 1 and 5700 and the TB 500. Alex, the only one I know are those two because I, they've helped people put them on, but that's that. And the problem was the only place I need to get them disappeared. Because they weren't there. Right. So thankfully that exists. So I'm stoked to get that rolling for people. And then when I'm posting stuff, the nice deal is you don't have the other than this, there's not going to be a discount code or anything. You just follow a link and it'll take care of it. So good for everybody. It's more I'm trying to clean it up a bit. We've got too many guys have coming to me recently with infections or underdose shit or whatever. Yeah, or yeah, I'm going to town for a week. What do I do? And I'm like, you're off. I had a client who was like eight weeks into a cycle and then he finally told me as I can feel like I feel like garbage on this cycle man. And my, and his weight wasn't moving up and he just did seem to feel good and I was like, maybe your gears all shit. Right. Like like maybe all these problems are just like gear related. You know, and he switched his brand to gear and feels way better. Right. And I'm not even sure it was dosing. It was a quality. We're going to be a two-high BA in the same thing. I mean, it just felt like the architecture. They're trying to avoid infections or the load you with. You know, yeah, and stuff like that. And it's like, I don't make sure that but now you've got redness and swelling on the site. You're getting the flu symptoms. Yeah, this just takes all that away. Plus my big thing honestly is, you know what you're getting. Because I always hate that. I feel like some of the issues with some of the dosing we see is because guys think they're taking 200 milligrams per milliter and they're not. It's like, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You know, some of the crazy doses we think we're seeing too aren't at they're not actually taking that much shit, right? Like, they think they're going out. What's pretty relating. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And that would be why everyone calls me a liar. The legitimate test for so long. Well, that's what I mean, also in TRT, you're really going to be like, that's what that's what Dorian said. You remember when that muscular development, the article came out where Dorian gave his actual contest cycles? Uh-huh. And people didn't believe him. Everyone just instantly called him a liar and he's like, wait a minute, guys. This is actually what I was taking. But remember, I was getting all European amps. Like, I think it was 100% legitimate, 80s quality, 90s quality. Yeah. I touched the stuff that was that good. Yeah. Yeah. Like, so, you know, he had, I remember his cycle was 400 test and like, I was like 300 pre-mo and then like some tabs on top of that with a bit of wind straw or something. Like, that's Olympia, him win any Olympia. Right. And people like bullshit, bullshit. And he's like, this was all like unbelievably good stuff, guys. Like, you're missing my point here. These are the real dos. It was super, it was super realized too. Like, when you think of when I first started and at first time I ever got to use D-ball, it was ridiculous. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I was in a decade because it's garbage. Every time I get someone like, well, that's a tech tech school. Uh, well, I remember real D-ball. So I know good D-ball when I take it. That's what I'm saying. Within days, you're like, oh, yeah, somes going on. Yeah. So remember, I got to tell everybody, I got to two things. I got to say, like share, subscribe, hit the bell. Yeah, ring the bell. Leave a comment. And secondly, you've got a little white string on your arm on that black shirt. Stry me crazy. I can't sub-stern at it, dude. I know that you would feel the same. Yeah. See, don't move it. You want me to get rid of it, man. We should say the thing where every time I'm on the show, like, next week, it's a red string. I'm just staring at it. I'm like, good. I feel good about that because that is the shit that would drive me crazy. Hey, I'm going to stop talking until you fix that. Yeah. Yeah. And then I, and then I'm thinking, I wonder if we get anyone in the conference who'd say that white string is just staring at me. They were going to, but they've already left the show because you said, say it or, huh? Well, everyone, that's a friend thing that you just did. You ever see that? Like, I see somebody like something hanging on their nose, wrong with teeth. I'm like, bro, you got fucking booger hanging on your nose. That's not what I'm gonna hear. Yeah. If you don't do that, you're not a friend. Yeah. No. I know. I'm not a person you want to want to make sure that's 10,000 people don't see you that shit. Right in there. I'm going to help each other out. Be better people. So are we bringing Dom on or what's going on? I think it's time. I think we bring Dom on and here where he came from and why he left. So we're going to eat for flex Lewis. So does he does these bring it on a friend of his and I'll let him lead this interview. I do not know Dom, but I'm assuming if he's associated with Dusty, there's some very entertaining qualities about him. Yeah, you know what I think he's okay. Not too bad. We've had some fun. Yeah, bring him in. Guys, Dom, what up? Hard. We're fantastic. Welcome to It's just bodybuilding now that you're on the show instead of just watching. He actually looks into our show. Oh, amazing. Hello, good to meet you, Dom. Run part of it here. It's hard to get to be here. Thank you so much for having me. You know what's funny about that is a lot of these big name bodybuilding clients, open bodybutters. I'll go to their houses. You know, nine o'clock, 10 o'clock tonight. And they actually have you guys on YouTube while we're working and it's funny. And then it's not like they knew they already had it on, right? You know, so I think a lot more people are watching than you guys think. Oh, that's that's crazy. Me and Dusty still can't believe anyone listens. Yeah, my mom tried to watch one episode. She bailed me. And she like this is terrible. Yeah, close friends. Our close friends tell us it's garbage. I like it's an honor to be here because it does have influence in our industry and you guys provide a lot of information in general. It's known to be like unfiltered and and by experience, right? Both you are kind of annoying for being just beast and an out of experience. I think you can almost help other people tap it in that, you know. Well, that's awesome to know. And I got to say I love this shirt. I love the Dragon's Lair shirt. Dragon's Lair Vegas. Grand old down to me, everybody. Yeah, are you gonna like go up and hang out there? What's going on? Yeah, pretty dumb. It was all day for for my side, you know, that I've been fortunate enough to be an independent contractor and they're servicing the members and my client tell there for me. It was great because, you know, obviously going home to home, it's a lot easier being at one location and like with arsenal equipment. I mean, everything is arsenal and strive. It really makes a big difference in the product. I can deliver with what I do. Cool. So we got to get a run-down dump. Well, it was thinking it was kind of a brief from the top how you started with me forcing you to stop trying to people and do this instead. And then, and then kind of where you are now and how you got there and who you're working with. You know, I can't want anybody to get a feel. And then what the equipment does, because that's a, I get a lot of people when I put that last post in which why I decided to do this, because they were like, oh, what is that? I don't know. It's a 40 minutes to explain it to any still, right? It's more, it's more complicated than you think, but in general, I want to say five, six years ago, my starter work went to us today. My relationship actually goes back to the bus the year 17 years now. 2004, I walked into a supplement shop, dusty owned, and he saw me some protein. I mean, I went in there for literally a multi-viadement. Okay. Like, I heard this was a cool. God. And the episode, the episode to the 70 pound tub. For care, super draw. God knows what I had. But either way, I got the full run-down and gave me an idea of it. You know, I walked in and there's this monstrosity of a person eating a piece of chicken off of his fork, right? You know what I mean? And so I definitely made, sorry about that. My dog did it. It definitely made an impact on me. And as a trainer going through the industry, I recommend all my clients. Anyway, I was a trainer at a gym in Scottsdale where we live. And it does see was their workin' out if you feel mean is kind of when I'm not long after you first turn pro. Oh, I don't want to second guys. Hey, my dogs are like, they're all too good. They all they all jump in. That being said, you know, like, it's not see was was working out there. Just turn pro. And you just look, you know, kind of get ready for a show. I think he had some things in mind, some big things. And you know, it was just when like YouTube was getting really big. And Instagram was getting really big. And I think he saw me stretching somebody in the corner. And it was just one of my clients that were lazy, right? Like, I didn't want to give up this session. They couldn't work out. So we're doing some like fashions, trench therapy stuff and some things I got certified a little earlier. My career in Dusty comes by and he's like, hey, I need that. And I'm like, oh, man, like, you're too big. I don't think, you know, I mean, that's, that's a lot of work, right? So we just kind of joked about it for months. And then one day, grab me and he's like, hey, like, I do want to use your services like like to try it out. So I take him through a stretch and, you know, he liked it, whatever. And I was like, man, that's so hard. Like, it doesn't really move the same way. And then getting, I swear to God, the first first pro body boat I've ever really like, known and worked on, you know, I'm from on a little way. And the guy who brought me up is Chris Faudo. And he's one of the biggest guys of mine, her came. But keep in mind, he turned pro at 167.5. So we're not. I'm from big is not dusty big, right? At the time he's pushing like 272.85. And I was big for him at the time. And I think he got to like 3, 10, 3, 15 or something like, while I was working with him, it was insane. He broke one of my tables. I mean, you know, they are like lying down on it. And you just hear this crack. So anyway, I bought a special table for dusty. And because of his needs, I ended up acquiring other tools and certifications. And basically acquiring knowledge to help my friend. And in return, just me working with us, he really kind of, I guess like created a line of people trying to get these services. And you know, at first there's pretty cookie cutter, or your hits your ties, or ankles are tied. And then that book another one. And within a couple of days, a lot of times, they kind of just would like come back just the same. And there's like this, it was actually really difficult on my body. And you know, through learning more, you know, you acquire better tools. And all of a sudden things start kind of sorting out. And then before you know it, I remember Dusty telling me, like, what do you want to work on? Yeah, like, well, what hurts is like nothing. Like, and I'm like, man, there's like six months of one thing after the other, right, Ron. Anyway, it's like, so we kind of like, look at some stuff. And like, man, we, I think, does he's like, I think he would actually like can do like good, you know, I mean, and so slowly, but sure, yeah, I stopped eating the trainer and my got more and the bodywork got more starts. And I ended up with some technology that is becoming really popular. But I found my own way to use it for therapy needs and mobility and rehabilitation. And you know, in the end, it's a tool, basically it's final electricity, you know, everything runs on electricity. So this, these, these, these, these stem, these bios stems. And we'll actually create a very similar signal to what your brain is pushing out. See, you're trying to do some biceps. And that's a signal, right? So like, it actually amplify that signal. And of course, the first idea we get is, yeah, wow, that can really get bigger on that, right? You know, and that's the majority of everybody's blowing everything out, right? You know, I mean, it's like the people are sorbitated, red mean, they're, we're pissing blood after workouts, right? But it really does unlock the muscle. It's amazing for movement and training. But so what I do is, I run that current through, uh, is some tools and then combination with different modalities. Obviously, my, my stretch therapy background. Um, and then as a corrective exercise trainer, you know, everyone kind of has a prescription. So, you know, with this current, you can make things stronger, you can tone things down, you can tone things up. So there's a lot of cool things you can do within. In fact, we're still kind of learning what its capabilities are, you know, um, uh, in the end, it became a little more of a need for things. And I started targeting pro body voters, especially ones that repeat up and like I knew they had problems. They've worked with everybody, right? Uh, kind of like dusty. I was like, man, if I can do it on them, I'm gonna come up. This is going to be legit. And again, level up level up level up. You got to learn more to fix more and eventually I ended up with a flex Lewis and uh, just the happen to be at the same time. He was open the dragon's layer and they thought it'd be a good modality to add to their physical therapist, the chiropractor, you know, trying to create a little bit more of a one stop and a hub, a four industry to come in, get fixed, get better, um, win their shoulders, win their, win their day, whatever, right? You know, so so you're, you're in Scottsdale, but you're going to go up to Vegas, like part time or how is that going to work for you? Actually, I've been splitting time for a while. Uh, yeah. I'm very blessed to have a strong clientele, um, in Arizona and to work around some of these opportunities in fact most of my clients are, are, are ecstatic. And, uh, you know, I think honestly, it's going to double just being on this podcast by the way. I think, guys know, how much it's, it's really done, but anyway, um, yeah, no, uh, so I split time. I've been splitting time for six, seven months anyway. You know what I mean? I work for the idea, he, he, he to tata, uh, a couple of the other Olympians getting ready for that show and, uh, you know, in the end, they sent me a lot of their people and then there were people sent me a lot. So I really had a strong following there anyway. It was a blessing to have a place to, I guess, continue my work there without being, without being interrupted by having a drive. Cool. What, what, what are some of the, I guess, you know, thinking of body builders, obviously, because of the theme of the show, but what are some of the most common things that you think you go the law, do, do do the most good, that we should be doing, that are easy. Like, like, what are some of the things that we could be doing a lot of prevention with? Well, so understanding this function and in balance is that's, that's, that's again, that's kind of like a frequency and a signal and it can be actually half and reset in a lot of different ways. But like the most simplest that we're supposed to be doing anyway, eating good food, drinking, tons of water, I mean, flushing out the toxins that were creating from training and, and, and, and, uh, in the end, just getting better sleep, right? So it's just the basics. Like, anything else on that show, it doesn't, there's no big secret to it, right? Like, if you do the things you're supposed to do, unfortunately, we're in an industry where, um, you know, having cheap meals is great now and all these crazy supplements are out there and got a lot of different, uh, uh, uh, uh, supplements running through, um, the system and some of them are toxic, some of them are being prescribed and, and, and, and, and, and set up in a way where our bodies are not able to get rid of those toxins in that limb. So, you know, your wrists and the signal, when your wrists is messed up, your shoulder gets messed up, your tummy, your digestive system, your lymph system, when that stuff gets backed up, the signals are quantum fun. So now you get this person who's actually creating more issues as they're trying to work out and getting a shape, right? It's very kind of productive. I think to the general idea of bodybuilding training. So the number one thing is, uh, I love that answer because you didn't try to sell me something that you do. He said, you said, first of all, many of you assholes would need me if you would just take better care of yourselves. That's what I are. Well, you look funny about the Ron is, and you know, it's true a lot of guys have done it where especially with orals, they start taking an oral, then they're, their appetite goes away. Right. And they're like, well, I'm struggling to eat and I'm like, well, what change? So I took an oral, well, then stop the oral because as much as that would have an impact if the food was still there. Yeah. Yeah. It's not. You know, a big thing that I wanted to push that, that uh, was funny. So when I finally broke and like sort of pushing down to work on me like twice a week, early early on, I kept having an adapter issue where it would pull or nearly tear every leg day. Right. So I would go to the gym and you've been there wrong where you're going to like, just please don't get hurt today. Like that was my, that became my leg day process like, right. Like nothing fun, nothing crazy. And you know, what it comes down to would kind of with your question was, if I would have worked on mobility earlier in my career as I was starting to get big, none of the sort of happened after Dom worked on me for a little bit. Oh, it's your ankle. I'm like, no, no, it's my, right after. No, it's your ankle. It's causing all that. So ankle, adapter hip just works for you. Yeah. Yeah. And once uh, he and another uh, P.T. I worked with kind of jumped in and worked on that together. Once that was fixed, then Dom could work up my body and start fixing what had now been damaged because of the ankle. It's was talking the other day about my collection of injuries. And almost everything that's ever happened to me has been on my left side. Right. And uh, I'm thinking back, you know, how far back do I go before I see like a like an injury that and it was when I played football in high school, I rolled my left ankle super bad. Like it turned purple and black. But I just taped it up. And played the rest of the season because I was fucking hardcore linebacker, right? And uh, started every game, just played through it with a black ankle. Didn't fucking just pop some of Featherin and wind, right? And um, I think back and I'm like, I wonder if that left ankle injury because that ankle was never the same. And then, you know, that's the need that went. That's the hip that hurts and that's the shoulder and that's the lat that I fucking had problems with. And that's just like I was wondering. Well, well, funny. You see that. I did the same thing broke my finger in the high school and I taped it together. And now it doesn't work, right? You see, you know, I don't have something like that. That's like awful. Like I mean, let me think about it, right? Yeah. That's that ankle. Now your foot kind of stops working. It works differently. It works. That ankle has never been the same as the other one. And don't even wrong. Like that's something that you can actually live with. A freak show like dusty actually is so connected and too. He figured some of that stuff out and he just kind of shift, you know, we all do it. You shift it a lot, you know. First thing I'm talking to Flex one of those days and uh, uh, and this happens with a lot of my clients, right? But Flex was kind of funny. I love because he goes, uh, you know, my cue is I lean to go, what, what do you mean your cue? He's like, well, everything I kind of have to lean the left. That's just to be like, good. I'm like, man, this guy just kind of means, but understand what is happening there. You're doing that, but it's probably not working right. And most likely it isn't working right at all. You're using something else to do that. And now we're creating compensation. So don't get wrong. There's everybody has compensation, right? I've seen people destroy classes completely dysfunctional, but for some reason it just works for that. So I think for the average person though, when there's enough dysfunction, enough things off, it creates a little bit more of a stressful environment. You take a couple other factors that is just life relationships, uh, your animals. I mean for me, man, I was a running my life right now. But, uh, you know, there's enough, uh, you travel, right? They think different things create different factors and now your body goes in an overload. So in an neuro therapy and the bios, the bios, them and a bio, that just the intellectual growth, uh, we, we, we reference to the nervous system quite a bit. So, you know, your wrist impenetra, your shoulder impenetra, hips, your ankle kind of swells up after you hit something that's a sympathetic single. And in terms of what we know, that's fighter flight, right? So in a fighter flight system, everything is going to be poorly compensated. You want to why you sleep on your hands like this every night, right? You know, because your shoulders so weak, now your body's trying to kick your hand out a bit. Now from that, your, your, your, your, your your scap gets really long. And then they're talking to us, they can't keep my traps down, right? Like when they're posing, right? So does seem to actually figure a lot of this out while I was figuring it out. And it was, it was, it was absolutely, uh, uh, uh, imperative to my career and where I am now my understanding and what makes me an effective therapist to understand like prescription. I actually didn't really understand it as much as I thought does see tied that together with me. And I kind of tied the crazy audience, you know, they're going to get all of a sudden we had a system, you know, I mean, what's amazing is he's been able to take that same knowledge. Look at one of my clients, I sent him with a, with a, with a, with a, with a X amount of imbalances, right? You know, he can actually already training them. I'll look at their workouts and it's actually already geared for for them to be successful, you know, I mean, I just go in the extra if there's something really weird, you know, I mean, I came in there's like, uh, has a thing that's just so much longer and I gave up this to do this, right? And but either way, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's really cool when the trainers and the therapy and the supplements and everything kind of rolls together because that my job gets easier as a body worker. And I don't have a the same impingement to fix every week, three times a week in this kind of freaking out trying to come to me and paint, right? You know, so you mentioned some earlier, you said how flex Lewis told you he was like purposely leaning to the left so it felt right. Yeah. So I think I understand what he means. So a lot of times, like I had a, I ruptured my Quad 10 in once. That was a few years ago, but and I've had, you know, a lot to injuries is a bodybuilder. So when I, when I put my feet on the platform for an instance, I have to make sure they're visually straight because they don't feel straight. They feel crooked, but they look straight. So if I video my form, it looks perfect, but it doesn't feel straight. And if I do it, so it feels straight, I'll be my feet aren't even. Is that ever going to go away? Or am I always going to have to train to make the reps look proper even though they feel weird? So that's a, um, yeah, I could go away. It depends how much help important it is to, right? Like, I mean, men without the technology, I mean, it's gotten better. It's gotten better, obviously. But I'm just wondering more fiddle. You put some work in your head, you put some work in your foot, because this, but again, you still have that signal going to that end book. And every time you put your foot on the gas pedal or every time you go to sleep, really, I think, when you're subconscious, that's when your body goes back into that protective piece. Now, you've actually learned your way around it to kind of settle into it. And you know, crooked is straight. And that's what everybody talks about, you know, and I remember a video in the new fit, the new beat, new fit is one of the machines I use a real popular bad role. Right. We can mention that. Yeah, we've had Brad on talk about the newbie. Yeah. Everybody knows about the newbie. It's awesome. You know, I mean, and it's a, it's really nice for bodybuilders because the bodybuilding is almost like, I hate to say it, but it's inflamed. You know, I mean, it's inflammation. That's what it is. It's right. So that being said, in this case, X amount of inflammation is good. It's just bad when it builds up. But the new fit, it creates a, you can be running out of certain frequency. And it creates a blowout. I mean, a visual blowout. It's amazing. But on the other side of that, Ron, is reprogramming that signal. So now we have a pad that can electrode on something. So I'm trying to get this sort. This and another pad will coordinate. And if you run it in the right frequency, your brain's going to pick up on it. It's a loud enough machine strong enough, right? It runs out of a ridiculous hurts, out of a very specific layer sick. And when it's layered like that again, your chest, your hip for your job or your ankle, it's not going to be able to know whether that's a machine or your brain. When you're difference between this, we're operating at 50 times a brain's potential with some of this equipment. You know what I mean? So I think in the end, it's a, you can kind of see the bottom right away, right? It kind of locks things in and for us, somebody going, we call that the mind muscle connection. And you've learned not to pull your lots out. You've learned how to do things, but how hard did you have to work at that, right? You know, I mean, so that was person. Probably ain't going to put it in the time. I mean, let's be real, right? You know, and, and that being said, going back to bodybuilding the general population, most people fail in the gym because it's not really worth it for their energy. The harder they work, the worse it gets until they hire somebody who actually, you know, I mean, so not a corn dog's eye for is all insulin. We all know what happens when you cut out alcohol and sugar you drop. Or does all just cause you queues effective itself, right? So you know, me and Dusty, we try to control whole, usher in a new era. I think trying to keep his alcohol in gestion is low as possible too. Good luck with that. You know, it's funny though, is, uh, run, uh, when I just saw Dom, I coincidentally just, he got a new machine or a new machine. I hadn't used yet. And, uh, I was like, hey, I want to, he, he mentioned that he could fix my digestion, start working on my sleep. But I walked in and I had a trap. It was just locked, which happens to me a lot at the same spot all the time. And it's usually a very long process, uh, a couple weeks of getting worked on stuff just because, it'll get released, but then my body squeezed back in, especially if you're under stress, like you said, cortisol. Um, so he put the new machine on the trap and on my back, but then also on the pack. And I'm, of course, you know, like, what are we doing? And Dom kind of explained the relationship, because that's what you're just going into. Why you had to hit both sides, you get my body to let go on the trap side. Yeah. So what were we doing with that? Well, with that being said, um, first day I did with Dacia, they was, uh, I mean, that's my hardest critic. I'm just going to be very clear on the hardest hardest critic. Most of because, you know, he's been my coach. He's been a very close mentor of mine. Um, but at the same time, like I went in with a little bit more of a game plan. And knowing Dusty's habits being round and for some time, no he doesn't sleep. I know he's, uh, it trains way too hard, right? And he did an easy doing a lot of therapy, which is releasing toxins into his system. So first I did, was kicked his nervous system down and got it from that fighter fight into, like, more of a rest than feed from there, half the trap and everything kind of like go. And uh, uh, he has a torn pack on that side. So I just took a kind of a gander and, all right, well, I think this is the trap is compensating from that peck not working and him trying to do some shoulders and stuff, right, whatever, you know, and anyway, so I knocked that back and kind of reset where his wrist should be and he was golden, you know, um, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the really such a really cool new fit developed, um, quite a bit of a system and, uh, when you see when I say a system, they have a very, like, full proof system where it, it allows any practitioner to be effective, right? But like anything else, it's a tool. So it only amplifies kind of what you know, right? So there's people I use it and it, it probably doesn't do the person any good in a long run, right? But, uh, that being said, though, like, if you follow the system, it's all about relationship and, and the nervous system. So, you know, they give us information, they give us the tools, they give us the basic, the basic protocols and from there, you know, it's us up to us to accelerate that. And, uh, because I was a successful body worker and I had people like Dusty helping me, you know, we, we got Dusty pretty much on point as much as we could manually. I mean, no neural, no nothing, which is very difficult to do. Uh, the PTEC, so you know, as someone that actually, I'm telling you, the guy is, you guys are pretty sure, but not, you know what I find is a lot of my, my high-distant clients, my, my biggest names. They have very similar nervous systems. Like, there's stuff that's adapting, they're feeling a little too much. The ones that go real far and work their way back, they actually feel a little bit more. It's like a blind person. I can hear better, right? You know, I mean, so it's, uh, they give me a lot of weird feedback, which actually allows me to develop the system further. Um, little things I'm working on now that I've got to show you that's the, um, I got a great sleep at me as a kind of acceleration. So I'll take that machine and run the current through a glove and kind of open up the nasal passages. A lot of inflammation, you know, own down up in the air and sometimes it's a bit stipular. It's through the ears so you can use that current to clear out those pieces. From there, you open up the diaphragm, clean up the long gistemists, teach them how to breathe under a, uh, a, uh, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a parasympathetic current, which is like a rest and feed. And then, well, ah, you might not need your sleep up anymore, right? You know, there's like little things like that, you can actually stop. And almost when you're stuck with thealities, now we're like, stuck in progression. All we have to do is make sure the person's nervous system is able to, to take it. And I know one sounds crazy, but it's all a signal, right? If you understand anything, signal allergies is a signal MS is a signal, um, so the news that right now is being in the process and they're calling it the cure to MS. So with, with, with, with that kind of fiber, around the MS, Hashimoto's, these are these are not uncommon things that we're dealing with as trainers. And, and to be able to know, they can receive a couple of treatments a week or under 150 bucks. You know, now they can be actually be successful in our programs. We don't have to work around it. So that's the beautiful thing about the new fit and, and other similar products, like, you know, like the, the other machine, and then I run, but, um, you know, now it puts it in, it puts it into our hands, or we can now assist people, and more than just fitness, but, you know, it could be successful at fitness. You have to be healthy for some more. Yeah. That's what we're trying to do. We're on this kind of the reason I wanted to bring Dom on in particular is, um, obviously, if you're anywhere near Arizona, I only send people to Dom and I only spend people at my PTJs, and that's it. Like, those are my guys. But what I try to drive home for trainers is there's always this fear of sending money to someone else because, oh, what if there's a limit? But I find, if my athletes are healthy and functional, what I do works better, they don't get injured, or if they do they bounce back faster, and they're a long-term client plus, I just can't lie. They're results are better because I'm putting them in the hands of people who do things I can't do. I always think it's a very short-sighted industry we have where it's like they're afraid to let anyone go, and like Dom or Erjson will tell you, I follow up after their sessions or they'll contact me and I'm like, okay, do I need training? Changing or they're training? Because I don't know the depth of what's going on. I don't know like, hey, Dom, let's kind of show the fact that I don't know what's going on. Yeah. I saw a video I didn't like it was tracking. Can you run him through? Then he comes back and says, leave the training alone, but I'm having him at this. Okay. Well, next thing you know, when that guy is doing better, you know who the hero is? Me. That's why I think it's not worth finding. Like I did nothing but direct you to the smarter person and that's what I feel like people like trainers missed though is they're so afraid to bring anyone in like I joke and it's like I have it at a team like the reason I couple up with the right people, the right supplement companies, the right hormone companies because at the end of the day that makes my product better and that's why I wish more people do so wherever you guys live in the world of the country that should be thinking is okay, my career would be over if it wasn't for dog. I couldn't train legs and now I joke about but people don't realize it. I'm stronger than I've ever been and more healthy at 39. Then I was 29. It's like, I don't walk into the gym, I want to even hit hurt, I walk into gym, wanting what records I'm going to break that day. It's a fucking game now, you know? So that's kind of the value. So Dom, how do people get a hold of you if they want more info or I do know it's a little tricky but you know enough of the guys if they can contact you to see who in the area they should see even if they're the same as you, what's the best way to get touched with you on that route? Well, you know, I do I do run a lot on Instagram. IG's been really nice for me and it's funny that I've never really believed in it. I still don't put enough into it but a dusty made me get one at one point to help me get from Scottsdale to God knows wherever I've been right and not but I think you can't get a hold of me through IG. I'm at the dragons layer Wednesday through Saturday every week and that's an easy way to find me as well. You know, I got stuff on their IG that can link through and fail both of the stuff that you're there. Oh my god, Ron, you have no idea. And kind of happened back to them. I was just helping flex with some stuff and you know, I mean we're working through some things and it's like man, are there other people, how many other people do what you do? I'm like man, actually I do what I do and it's got on my own deal, right? I mean it's like well like you know, and it's hard to ask questions about the machine and I know they wanted that service available to the client. Flexed and Ali is white. They're they're they're very adamant on building a culture, right? And and creating a place where you can get the best of the best, right? And that's kind of what you know flexed and I flexed and it seemed Neo, heo, heo, it's a white 3T. They're trying to go with a champions champion. I mean it's another level. So I'm like man, I'm on in on that, for sure. Like I'll do it and they're like well we need a full time. I'm like well what's full time. Like maybe two days a week. I'm like I'll maybe four just because of how many people are going to be rolling through there, right? And yeah. Just in the time I can prove the system man and and you know like going back to dusty real quick if some of the things he was saying he was a you know he looks at it like a game as sometimes I use a dynamometer basically it measures four ships of PSI. So you can run it on certain strength tests and figure out what muscles we give. You know it's part of that new fit system they teach us. Anyway, I'm going through this and there's obviously a number and that's who's like what's my score? I'm like no man it's not about like a score we're trying to you win when we fix it right? But you know like so a lot of that it is it can be like a game and and getting this even to that and a lot of us who are successful in bodybuilding we got car core OCD sometimes like neurological stuff right? We have to do this a certain way and everything I think what's so hard about what we're doing in the neuro world it's it's not the normal right? It's going to be the new school is it's definitely becoming more normal especially with the lead in the sport. Everybody's tried it right at this point and now it's just about understanding how to implement it for what we need. Some people need training, some people need therapy, but you know with the trainers that's how I I even got all the experience I marketed to the trainer in the state free work some of your clients I fix them you know they do good and does he's absolutely right? I don't get it I don't get a lot of the credit but I'm happy the trainer is making more money and doing better and making them better products and thus you know in the turn they get more clients and they send me more people so I think that's how we're trying to make it work even in the dragons there where you know everybody works together we have a PT there it's not just there it's chiropractic obviously neuro therapy you know I mean like so we're going to try and work together to get this athlete to be their absolute best and and perform the best of living that's really right obviously it's available to regular people too I worked out a dog yesterday right I can't know the the current works on dogs too so I mean I'll take care of your dog and your grandma make sure you get your dog happy with you. I have to do love it well you know you know I'd be sending the dogs before me. That's opening okay what was the date on the grand opening again? March 28th it's uh there they wish this cool because they're waving daifies and they're and they're this is different from their other location where they actually have a membership and uh weekends are big for daifies a lot of people come in just to have a part of that culture for a day you know and that's like gold student vennence he's used to be making a hub you know Jake coupler's walking around saying hi to people flex rodent is there right it's it's it's it's crazy everybody's in there and um yeah March 28th they're waving he's not anybody come in well I hope actually I think they're waving babies yeah now let me double check right okay all right well I'm not going to pick because I'm going for sure and I talked flex so we're good. Well Dom and I appreciate you jumping in here and kind of give us a background on it and we'll make sure to well siphon anyone your your way that hits us up it can't figure it out but uh please and that's it man appreciate you coming in. Thank you thank you so much for the opportunity guys you guys have a good one. Thank you Tom good to meet you. Hey what's going on guys thanks for watching another podcast here at Think Big Body Building Media and thank you to our great sponsor True Nutrition dot com for making this all possible. True Nutrition dot com is owned by Dante Trudeau the creator of DC training you wanted to create a supplement company that offered high quality third party test and supplements at a fair price high quality protein powders just about every type you could think of huge variety of flavors plus health and performance supplements check them out true nutrition dot com and hey if you use our code advices you directly support our podcast and thanks guys let's get back to the program. So fun we got we got to rotate dude because I got questions I don't know if you even did that but I did. I did I threw one up and I purposely threw it up really late. Oh good because I couldn't handle the volume last week or last time I did it so I'm checking now crazyness okay so yeah I still got a lot of them good okay you go first I was just sitting in a tweet Jesus or you're gonna act like we're on the show live okay here's one dusty. Here's one and I'm not gonna give any context or meaning cause they didn't. It just asked the question. I'm ready. Start a business or buy a house. Oh good buying your house is a business number one. I just don't even rent it out it is a business. So tricky there right now I would buy house. There you go. I'm gonna make for sure the market the rates are low the the market is ridiculous just understand you're going to pay premium special if you're in Arizona but yeah I would buy a fucking house for sure and put a rent around it. Oh for sure yeah I mean you could buy and live it yourself too but I mean there were multiple times in my life that I rented in home houses that I didn't live in. Yeah so or you can do it and you keep the house you have if you already have one and you move into it and you rent out the one you don't want. I've never been stable enough to like I've only lived in a house I only once I was able I like to bounce around too much right so I was like well yeah I don't want this one but I don't want to say you go. I like I like more of those kinds of questions. Okay I would do that too. I already have two businesses I don't need a third and unless I don't have to do anything and the other people are gonna run it. I like that one I like that we got good questions man. Would Milos have been better if he had trained like Dorian in Europe than you all you know that's a good fucking question. Yeah it's just it's impossible to say I mean like what are they trying to say Milos didn't train like hard enough or I don't know what they're trying to say just I think diet training like Milos let's be fair whatever you know Milos for and whatever you think Milos does I guarantee Milos tried everything. Yeah what I also was going to say is what Milos has created host career yeah it's not exactly but he was doing exactly and I'm not saying that he made it up falsely or maybe he caused the end of his career I mean look at you things that you have realized when you were tired and realizing you know some of the things you know now you would have altered the way overall you're training what to say the same but there would have been some tweaks yeah what have kept less injuries and may have resulted in better results like I don't train my clients exactly how I trained when I was young and growing the principles are definitely very much intact but there's certain things certain exercises certain ways of doing exercises certain positions I don't utilize certain you know what I mean I'm like you know what that was a mistake I went too hard on that fucking position and it you know wrecked my fucking elbow or something you know what I mean I just I have a few things but yeah I know you mean I mean Milos fucking tried everything man you can't say didn't try training heavy what even I'm sure he squatted what Milos probably squatted 600 pounds in his day for reps I mean it's like you think what also people for get or she needs it forget but don't realize is um Dorian is Dorian yeah regardless and I can say this from training with him people look at me and are just like they shape their head at the intensity and whatever and I can tell you it pales in comparison I trained with him retired and when I got done what the workout my first thought was he's a nasty motherfucker and my second thought was and this is the retired version right right what was he when he got ready for the Olympia like and I don't think I mean I couldn't even put it towards but standing there I just realized like and I I became I'm more intense now than I was then but I can pretty much blindly say as much as I focus I don't him Jordan there's certain people that literally have a level that you like my point is I couldn't I couldn't put together what Dorian did and the same workout that he did even not even the focus the intensity and the connection I have I think Milos maximize his and plus look at him it's just a different body like he was not a possible way I loved his look overall um but I did think it was a good question because people ask it all the time or people like I look at that when somebody goes man Ben Bikolski and he's figure out it gives back big I'm like oh you think he doesn't know his back is lagging because he's he's Martin would take youlessly studied every possible fiber that you could have in your back and how to make it fire and contract yeah how to load it and how to stretch it and try to try to everything I mean I mean I'm trying to say or even friends while reach out and say hey I know you had this like weakness like Jonathan it's uh that's with that just one of the assholes the overall his back is weakness and I watched his videos the other day training and they were very meticulous very whatever I said hey you ever thought about just getting fucking wild and just pulling weight and seeing what happens and he was like uh I'm like and he said he'd done some things in the past like some heavy deds and stuff like that so he's gonna come out for a week and we're gonna just try some shit and send him home but same thing it might not do shit maybe it's back it's just stuck in sub-embodied part but point being is here he goes just like that you got a guy who won the overall his second show won the overall nationals his legs are the bat some of the best of the pros right now yeah and he's now it's like okay how do I figure out this back well well think of it this way think like I remember seeing that video of Ben Pockowski uh deficit deadlifting seven plates for reps right deficit like like this much of a three inch deficit yeah three inch deficit pulling like it was six or seven plates for reps yeah so yeah okay check heavy deadlifts heavy insane deadlifts check and then also you know 200 pound dumbbell rows no okay check and now also the pinky twisting cable pull downs yeah you think like he did everything the weird like stand back from the hammer to get that that that contraction where the strength curve changes versus using the machine the the way they made it he did everything so sometimes genetics are the barrier people need to realize that you know when you see a guy with an amazing physique and a weak body part it's not that he's not aware Jesus yeah yeah plus I think the other things of fact are going to move on was um to the exit physics that there has not been a durian sense story and what I mean is and I know you guys are watching now don't understand this but I know from talking to like a pseudo and things I told him the the last Olympia I said man I think NASA had that he goes you weren't there yeah I know I've had so he's a Nazi only person that said that to me I've had a few people that are like yeah you know watching the video again now it's really shoulda one of 97 and I'm like fair enough we have watched the video too yeah I watch the video too fair enough but then there's like handful of people that were at that Olympia the crystal said whatever you've ever seen even the great stuff that you've seen in a picture or in a video not it does not he told me he goes it was not close so did you see who had interview the vrown last week I didn't see it no yeah so it was pretty good um you know like I've interviewed you see myself right for the mutant show I had him at the fibo booth it's on YouTube if you guys want to watch me interview Kevin LeVos my favorite body of the old time but go ahead and have a microphone from Fibo mutant live you can search it on YouTube great interview but anyways who had had him on and even he like when they came around the time to talk about Dorian it was just there was this moment where Kevin goes aww I mean Dorian was he was just so unbelievable that's from Kevin LeVos and he just left it at that like he just he just moved on he's like yeah but you know Dorian was just so his just like you know so so and then he started talking about how we thought he had Roni and O2 you know yeah so like LeVos is not saying that with Dorian he's saying that with Roni but that when it comes to them talking about Dorian he's like oh yeah yeah it's just a drop of the that was like Roni after you got we're after oh after O2 when it was close I just you remember the when they did the I'll never forget the backstage when they're interviewing Daxa Jackson triple H he was man all I'm saying is I'm getting second triple H goes second and he looks right the camera and he goes that's fucking Roni Coleman yeah second which is winning for the rest of us that's funny that's funny it all it's good shit you're one one of my favorite Daxa Jackson quotes is from a video that he filmed in 2008 before he won the Olympia I now my memory's very solid on that but if someone remembers and I happen to be wrong on the date please correct me but this is how I remember it he's training at the at the jam in their film and he's talking about how anybody can win the Olympia now you got to remember Jay was a current champion at that point Jay would have been a two-time champion at that point so that's where we were in time and this is the year Daxa actually wins and Daxa says in the video he goes I made a career at a catching people when they're off because I know what I'm good at and then he goes and times have changed he goes there ain't no more runaways the same the Ronnie Coleman days I can't anybody can win no more runaways no more eight times like that's what he's saying right no more runaways is say the Ronnie Coleman days and then he fucking won that year and I remember I was just thought like fuck that was a great one exactly the way he said I made a career catching people when they're off it's just so did and he did 29 times he's it's so here's one I don't know how much we want to talk about this but um either one of you have one regret about your body building careers what would it be? my name's simple don't mind immediately I if I could go back and something and work on clients I would not have been in such a rush to grow I got as big as possible as fast as possible through food primarily and I know what we do fight that but if you look back at the pictures I put up four gear and then even after gear when I was like getting ready for and we'll cut the first time my midsection was better than his now hip structure hip structure but because of the way I forced food down to get as big as possible with fast as possible when everything else got bigger I should have had a much more dramatic extreme than I do now but my midsection got a bigger right in conduction and it was not the training I trained that way back then I've always that's what I made a name I mean that's how I got my first coach to knock half the money off of it because I trained like an idiot they loved it but it was that I was in a rush it was how fast can I get to 300 pounds and just because you could I used to get heavy because I didn't give a shit like it's fine just get big so now I'd pace guys I'll literally slow them down or I'm gonna go oh we're slow now we're gonna hang out you're gonna pay me and we're gonna hang out and then when things start tightening up and you actually start to get tighter on the start we're gonna go up again so yeah my regret would be that it's a long game I'm 39 now and completely healthy and could keep going and had I taken two more years to get to that point I think my body building career as far as competitively would be in a better place than it ever was right I think my mistake was in like the first 10 years I was training I was very close-minded okay like I'm lucky that I was locked in on a bunch of stuff that was really good like progressive training and you know I obviously had picked a good role model the follower Dorian and his drive and all that stuff but I wasn't like open to like any variety or any variation like if if someone said hey do you want to train back today I go yeah I'm so I'm doing these these and these and if they go do you want to do these I don't know like you know what I mean I just I feel like and now that I'm older and you know I work with so many clients now and I see the the the bigger picture you know I was I was just a little bit too I was almost too serious about certain things when you know training is a bit more of an adventure it's there's a little bit of a philosophical side to it too that you know you have to explore the space a little bit and you know I was just such a like I thought I thought that was going to get me their faster and like I said too I tried to get through a lot of walls just by smashing my head against them instead of like maybe just step back or for a door you know so that's that's what I guess I would say you know it's perfect okay you're turned I could ask this every week so I'm just gonna throw it in here when are you gonna have a live porn star on it's just bottled on it's close to a dead one apparently oh god I bet yeah I dealt with that question a couple weeks ago I made Instagram I was like you know I met a point in my life where I'm not quite sure what type of show I want to have do we want to have we just separate show if we're gonna which I've actually considered doing I thought it would be fun to do a show where we literally brought out of people there were just successful in all areas um because it is fun and it's stuff that I like to watch but I just laugh and how often it's I get every week when you have a porn star I'm like I know and then some of some of the people are watching show they they know that I've like been to the AVN so like we can you just call one and I'm like well you have to understand like also too you're dealing with like a lot of very unreliable people it's like body but I'm not a human yeah I know the few that I we could reach out to that would come through but yeah it's also then you're also in a people of crazy scat like hey you want to come do it just show that it'll have no benefit for you but we'll have a little bit more yeah yeah it's not gonna hang that many it's not gonna make this much right we'll give you nothing but I would really appreciate it I will sign up for your only fans two months straight if you do this for me right we're already a member oh if you like we'll still be able to see my credit card how do you know that I'll let's see here on the bone no oh dusty with the question let's go dusty is there anything you wish you would have known before getting your first car oh yeah that it was gonna be terrible in the winter do you get what you had truck with that for a driver something oh my well my first car was a beetle the Volkswagen beetle the real jack no front well is it real yeah might be real well it's real well yeah it is okay it was a chance to go yeah yeah no it's real well it's got the engine it's got that little engine in the back it's real well yeah okay anyways I I bought it because I was like oh these are fucking cool it's like a kind of an old can I got a little bit of hippie in me right like a little bit of like you know you know buck the system be different type of thing and I thought I only get a fucking Volkswagen beetle is my first car what the fuck that'd be funny you know right you know big dude I was a linebacker at that point lifting way to drive in a Volkswagen beetle it's actually was like pretty fun to drive that's another thing too it was like a really fun car to drive you know and and I mean that was back in 93 so it was like it was a 79 so it wasn't really that old you know it was only like 13 years old it's a 79 so it was in really good shape and it ran well but I don't know why nobody pulled me aside and said dude you live in northern Alberta like winter times going to suck in this fucking car I don't know why not fucking pulled me aside and told me that nobody said a word everyone just allowed me to buy a beetle and and then winter time came and I was like holy fuck this car's cold little tiny gas heater in it that barely put out like it was fucking with an adventure oh yeah you're driving a lot of time got my two pulled pulled down driving the gloves on yeah I was thinking about Drew this hell is that not can I I'm like oh I didn't drive well in the snow you're like oh it was fucking cold yeah so it's let's say it's minus 25 out like you could die outside like minus 25 Celsius which is you know you can't imagine it's colder than you've ever experienced and and and and it's like you know minus 15 in the car so it's still like you're like you still have the wind and what would happen is if I got in the car after my workout the windows would steam up and freeze so I'd have to get the scraper and scrape the ice off the inside of the windows before I could drive home from the gym to let my car heat up enough and scrape off all the ice and then it would melt and it was like water running down the doors and I'd have to scrape all the windows and then drive home fucking nuts that was your life oh man rubber for like one year and I thought I'm gonna pick up we're rotating yes I you're not this terrible I do not have any good stories for my first car my first car was bought for me when I was 14 and it was waiting for me when I turned 16 so what happened I got a 1966 Mustang convertible and one of those deals where it was cool story though I always wanted one and I was out of town on a hockey trip and my dad people used to read the paper back then just saying you know one of the kids read listen to this even what that is but he saw it add just cruiser through that said 1966 Ford convertible for sale right that was like four and it has to be a Mustang and so he's like oh fuck it's down the street he goes to look at it and it was uh with 66 and the ladies husband had bought it in Arizona and then three years later died and it had been sitting in her garage all the way until I was 14 was at 1995 and my dad was like what do you want for it and she was like um I don't know 12,000 and he was like give me five minutes and he called my mom and she was like go the bank get 12,000 dollars so what was it worth 20 30 I sold it for over 30 yeah yeah so literally they had to tow it because everything plastic or rubber was rotted so they picked it up towed it directly the Mustang shop down the street they fixed everything and when I came home that weekend it was in the garage and I'm like okay awesome but I'm 14 and my dad was like yeah you could not have afforded to buy this car in the other way so there's your first car and you know but then what was crazy is as the years passed by you know finally at 16 it wasn't a sensible thing to drive every day so I got a different vehicle to drive all the time and then that became the down payment for my first house was it okay that's awesome yeah people say it was kind of like I don't have enough money to have a car that sits in the garage I don't own yeah so we're gonna use it but now of course in high-end time like God what I would do to have that car what color was it it was it was it was it was it was actually red but it's called poppy seed red so it's almost orangeish oh yeah yeah and had a white top on it which was never up because there's a which is of course also funny and high-end say because I don't like convertibles anymore I've been I'm really get convertibles something I don't I don't they get ever buy a convertible I don't even really like to sunlight on my face yeah I don't it's funny I have a son roof and I never yeah I'm with the I don't very well during quarantine so I don't like to go out and I noticed there were less people out there in quarantine we just play yeah you're up okay I know we probably talked about this but I'm sure there's a few stories it could be what was the first thing you remember that blew your mind in the gym you actually saw I was the first thing I saw but there's a first thing I saw as a bodybuilder I was getting ready for a show my very first one I had no idea what I was doing and this guy Sean was getting ready for the show too and I was a kid and I I was just surviving the crap I didn't think I was doing anything but I remember seeing this guy and he never talked anybody and I just watched his face keep thinking and sinking as a show got closer and then one day he had to weigh in and I'm stretching and he stripped all the way down to me to make weight and I just remember there's a first time in my life seeing a real bodybuilder like he was like five six and he literally weighed in at 224.5 for heavy weights and I just remember seeing that and realizing what bodybuilding was I think that was probably the moment I realized I wanted to do it though because I remember seeing him but I also more than anything remember looking at people's reactions and they hated it but you just see almost almost discussed you know because the dude stand there is underwear he's nasty and and you're looking at how it's hated and you're going I like that you hate I want to see that like glitter that's like you hate this yeah it's just you can see it I'm like I want to be that because I remember thinking like that's freaking shit I want to do funny you know what which is cool because I met him at the show and I've never been like a fanboy christmas I was like hey I don't kind of shit about what I'm doing here but this fucking you're not so awesome and when I turn pro he actually reached out to me on one of the social media things and it blew my mind that he even remembered because I was like 19 years old and you know what I mean well your name your name's easy to remember unless you're not really like to have people dirt you know what I mean so but that was pretty cool because he did he reached out and he was like he's like well you took it further than I did and I'm like huh but you know what's crazy I'd like to look back and see what he really looked like because there's a few guys who when I was a kid I remember thinking like holy shit oh yeah we tell people like that guy is prime was nuts and then I'll see pictures now of back then I'm like oh he's okay I know time does that what about yeah so so I remember you know when I started training you know first my first year at the gym you know I was wearing the tank tops and you know we were in there training we're just those kids you know we're muscleing up you know my the kids I trained with were tank tops you know we're in there we're in tank tops you know we're training and I'm fun and I'm trained really hard like and I'm out training a lot of the my peers like I noticed like they're having fun more than I I'm I'm having fun but I'm also like okay on this next set I'm gonna get eight or I'm gonna fucking be upset you know like I had these like different little bit different mentality so we're training away and there was only a couple guys that trained like me so we sort of gravitated towards each other and then one day these two fucking dudes show up at our gym I think I remember it's not a big town there's only 30,000 people in this town and it's northern like we're isolated like five hour drive to the next city and it's and it's grand parry Alberta for those of you that don't know and these two fucking guys roll up and I'm standing at the window and and like I said about the frost the inside of the gym would be very humid because everyone's sweating and working hard and they got the heat cranked and outside is like minus 30 like death for feet of snow the plows just gone by it's just fucking chaos right and this little firefly pulls up little Pontiac firefly if you don't remember a firefly it's like a three cylinder car right and these two fucking big dudes like 250 pounds each get out of the out of this firefly and they got work boots giant baggy pants a huge winter jackets like the big long three-quarter winter jackets down to your knee right big huge like army issue like winter jackets, tux they fucking get out big gym bags are huge and they walk across they come into the gym and I see them at the front and they sign up and I'm like for the fuck are these guys and I guess they were training at the other gym in town and I just had never seen them before and they were just switching gyms for a change right and they came over and joined our gym and I remember they come in they take the jackets off they got all the gators gym gear right gators of course if the flex it gym pants a big baggy genie pants that everyone had them see hammer style fucking walk over no talking throw their belts down at the squat rack immediately just start grabbing plates and stacking them by the rack bang bang not even putting on the bar yet just taking plates these are ours these are our plates right and they lined up five plates aside on the floor you're gonna really do that and I'm like oh shit are these guys gonna squat five plates aside because I'd only seen a couple of like the older like power lift or guys do singles with 500 to 600 pounds right it's seen guys squat heavy you know chalk on their back everyone yell and we'd already had that in the gym when we hadn't had this and these guys throw the bar up and they get under the bar and the one guys got long blonde hair and a ponytail so you kind of look like a pro wrestler and the other guys got long brown hair and so they kind of like like the barbarian brothers like this Canadian version of the barbarian brothers got work on I dare to you they knew yeah and they're fucking and yeah they definitely knew the barbarian brothers were right these guys were like different and they were totally covered right there's no showing anything and they they started squatting one plate two plate three plate four plate five plate the knee wraps go on five plates goes on they squat five plates for a set and I'm just like who the fuck are these two monsters right and then they show up at the gym you know the very next day and they go to the bench and it's the same thing throw the belt down start stacking plates right and I'm like these guys run the gym they've been here for this is their second workout here and they run the gym this is their gym they just came and took the gym like these are the kings of the gym that's what I thought that's all I viewed them and you know of course me being me I'm fucking right in there of course hey where you guys from what's going on you guys fucking train hard what's going on hey I like the Gators gym shirt you know and next thing you know the one guy the one guy actually lived out of town so he was only in town like occasionally to train with that other dude but the guy at the brown hair was there all the time and he eventually comes over to me one day and he's like hey you want to squat with me on Monday and I was like yes I do that's too anyways I'm so their names the the blonde guy his name was Kevin Jones he wound up becoming a school teacher of course and I I don't know where he is or what he's doing but he's a great guy and then the other guy's name is Eric LeBru and he's still a good friend of mine I still talk to him he's still trains and hopefully here's the story yeah yeah be funny if Eric heard this story but but I just remember like at the time like those were the two guys as it like changed the gym because like they brought like that Gators gym where the hoodie like you know like that's that's yeah yeah and then of course that was like the style at that point like the early 90s everything went to that it wasn't about tank tops and stuff it was about fucking hoodies and you know training with work boots on and like that whole thing you know I love that though man like it's funny because I wear sleigh you listen stuff because of Instagram I would last like yeah I like the train I mean because I always do with JJ when I first started it's comfortable I could be warm in the gym I would train in long pants along so you've shared in a half every day like so you wanted a while I wear sleeveless shirts now when I train why is that because God damn it I trained a long time I didn't show anything off ever. You're tired career covered that my entire fucking career covered in the gym basically and now I'm old and retired and I mean good shape so fucking I wear some sleigh with the shirts. I like it I just never show my arms because I was like all my arms aren't big enough I got to get bigger arms you know I'm a triceps you're kind of flat and this my biceps aren't really huge I got to cover my arms I cover my arms all my whole life and now I'm like fuck I'm retired who gives a shit I'm I'm I'm lean let's go I'm lean is hot in here yeah yeah yeah I freaking loved them that was that's it like when you when you have like a real story like that so I'm like I could see that happening I remember being in the gym and knowing who the guy was and I've actually been to gyms now I won't say it a gym but I had told someone there was a lot of a lot of bodybuilders in this particular gym but they're all kind of dickheads and I was like we yeah because they don't have the guy every gym needs the guy and that's handled so when you have a bunch of like it's not like they want to be that person but they're not it's a problem and then you know Kevin the Brody walks you know oh never mind it's his yeah and here's here's a note and there's a note for everyone out there who maybe wants to be the guy right all you people out there that want to be the biggest guy in the gym or the best bodybuilder at the gym here's a bit of advice for you set a fucking example put your weights away clean your shit be respectful don't hog shit don't stand in people's way don't like you know what I mean don't be an asshole because that's another part of all being the guy at the gym is you you don't realize like that stuff will make people just dismiss you over sure and on the reverse when you do it correctly it's the reason that where I am and we're lucky but that I have free membership every yeah you can just be there in one town because they know nothing bad comes if I'm there and good shit because I also you know Lanta he he's giving me the nod it must have had you but I'll stop people from leaving to like hey you know you finish that like place again yeah you should help help out if you want to be treated like the guy at the gym and help out the gym be good example you know but yeah man as those were those were the days I vividly remember those days you know that fucking gym was cold man that gym like it would be minus 30 outside people open the front door to come in there's no two doors it was just like doors and this who like hold out of ice crystals will just spill across the floor the gym and like this like it's steam and like it just crazy every time someone says there's Ron and his stringer yeah yeah that's what you know you're a true Canadian I've been in those seven jackets freezing all right so I got a good one and I'm giving this right to you because I know it's going to be fantastic I gotta go where do you go what I'm saying I want to say the way she said it but um okay I'm gonna okay most adventurous thing you've done on a date Ron preferably legal oh I just had a facial and my teeth whitened you can be careful what you say first day you're gonna fade like I'm right true awesome what you say think about how I will twist it and then come that's for comedy most adventurous thing I've ever done on a date damn I mean wow I said give it legal and we're not having porn stars next week so does but sex count no it did absolutely doesn't count everyone does that on the first date too yeah yeah yeah yeah well I mean well it's not still good come on here we're on it here good we're on a sleeping bag anyone's here Ron we're going yeah oh that's the the things you say that other people don't catch oh goodness I'm just throwing your brains like where are you at last oh yes not some another story for a different time okay geez I don't know to me it's pretty adventurous to go to a restaurant I've never been to we're rolling it nice so I had to look at the menu it was like we were out on a limb yeah no I like I said at Buttex doesn't count I don't know where we go from here don't play this game oh okay so maybe be a green to go to a movie without knowing what movie it is you know what sad is you're getting so full of us right now yeah we have control issues and this is not a game what if it's a shitty movie yeah what if she tries to talk during the movie I can't imagine I actually can't imagine as a body builder I can't imagine someone saying hey I'm gonna take you on a date but I'm not telling you where we're going or what we're doing but you have to agree to it it'd be like uh fuck oh this is gonna I think it's relationship is over how many meals am I gonna need I'm gonna least gonna need a timeline for short and will there be a microwave or should we need timeline we need microwave availability we need yes there's the is there is a is there breaks yeah is there gonna be a temperature change a large temperature differential do I need a a hoodie or a jacket say I asked those important questions you're like do I have to wear my nice track pants they're gonna be as warm and normal right my dress jeans are just my regular jeans they don't have a big change just not having me I'm not going there no so what about you maybe I'll recall something so this is adventurous uh this is a first date ancient boat which is a date just a thought I was thinking first date for some reason I don't know why I that's the that I probably said that oh okay that's why I was so stopped geez I mean I've done stuff dusty you're all easy no this is is any date so my adventurous which this is not gonna go anywhere near where you would think but um which I may have told the story so I'm gonna make it quick uh I got a knee surgery uh just scope and then uh the next day when I got home a couple girls from school called and they're like oh hey how are you I'm good and they were like hey what the doc says far as you're recovery and I said they said I could do what I wanted just kind of go on how I felt and she's like oh okay well Zara and I are gonna go uh take a hike up the mountain do you want to come do in one fucking right I want to come so I was like yeah let's do it so we hike up this mountain and we get to the top we stop to eat I made sure there are snacks and uh next thing I know my knee starts swelling like a base yeah yeah and then blood starts coming out of the stitches right and so I was like oh shit this is good so we finished the same which is they were good foot long um and uh they were out there panicky little but I'm like I'm fine the guy told me I could do whatever you know yeah I'll just get home and arrest it I'm just gonna need to get down this mountain my leg won't bend now but now I'm like hobbling down the mountain I get down the car and I call the doc and like hey doc is sitting wrong with my knee and he goes what do you mean I said it's swallowed up as believing like through the bandage and down my leg and he was like holy shit what would you do what I said what nothing I was like I went for a hike and he's like what I said I went for a hike just what do you mean you went for a hike I said these girls called me asking me to go on a hike and you said I could just go based on pain I didn't hurt that bad just fuck it down here you why would you go on a goddamn hike that's hilarious I thought like I doubt I was so pissed it was so pissed I'm like you should guide someone like me better than do what you want yeah there should be a sick man there I'm I'm estimating that there was a point in your childhood when you could have been identified as one of those kids for sure and he should have had a sticker put on your head or something the helmet that I was wearing all the time right right just do not tell this guy to use his own judgment like you just like okay this this child does not play well by his own rules well that's sort of because I was I had moved out as I lived on my own yeah um so there's talking to me there's no adults to talk to it was just me same thing that happens now oh man yeah I was that I called that adventure so because number one I hate hiking I was just asked I did I should fuck now and do that to yourself please so you're gonna be a motorized vehicle you're up dude I'm up and you guys are good what do I need I need some great next here oh god I'm a great next this is oh yeah yes okay just um this guy says before bodybuilding I got a lot of my body tattooed and my waisting my time taking about competing no especially now on L.S.R. is he in Canada I don't know L.S.R. Canada specifically but everywhere there are fabrics yeah they're in tattoo cover up is ridiculous a lot people asked about my tattoos because they're like oh so you're done not like now they're cover up I they have one on on their website of a guy hitting a rear double and then they did it needed again that's not I think that different physique like it it's like because now you see why tattoos are a problem because you don't see shit and they put it on and the depth and everything is there the coloring is phenomenal I only use like what's on race ever they've never sponsored me and they're color is unreal and that tattoo cover up now they've seen it on multiple people I've seen tattoo cover but you can blatantly see it like that's a tattoo under that or the color is wrong so it still doesn't help them yeah I've had a few clients just have amazing work done in the last few years yeah well you got that what the you just tag me as he ever was holding leg done yeah yeah Morgan that pump on Instagram says hold leg done but in his stage shots he can't even tell which leg he has covered yeah I mean and I can remember that I remember when he competed a couple years ago with you or a year ago whatever it was and the whole time I was like well that's what being interesting and then I saw the stage I was like oh he's shit in his leg or ridiculous which is great he's got big quads I was actually that was actually 2016 he did that shit give or take five years ago when I saw me crazy yeah he was like 183 and right now today he's 250 he's not fat 250 for him yeah that's coming but yeah no his that was a him and that back are the two reasons I don't even blink pretty frozen no people like not frozen I just don't move I'm preserving energy I was impressive I was only going to shit what are your predictions between blessing and Nick Walker okay I'm going to tell you my prediction but I have to first say I don't know blessing at all but knowing Nick I have a very hard time betting against him and the reason is Nick is a body builder like the house matters not like literally not like he is what you should be to be a champion body it's funny but I think I've met people hell someone like myself where if they were going all in like Nick was I'd be like you need you need to figure out how you're going to survive life you know I mean Nick is all in all the time and if someone said to me well shouldn't he be balancing himself out of go no no he shouldn't he should go all the way and fucking do this and yeah so I would I'm going with Nick and again it's that's something to seek I just think that he's some there's nothing that you could ask Nick to do he won't do to win right yeah I don't know blessing at all either I he's a huge guy holy shit like he's humongous it's gonna be great to see them show down I guess you know what the funny thing is is I don't even know why they have a thing I think they're smart I mean it does themselves oh so you just think it's just them like hey okay I don't even I don't even know if it's best of bugs or not but I think that they created it one way or another and I think it's genius because now it's all right somehow started and they both just let it go yeah yeah but here's what's funny I don't how about this I'm saying my decision but you know is too and I don't think either one of them is going to win the new year pro and I don't know who's doing it right okay you said yes you did question next yeah well it's great to me you just so this tells me who people are we ready to go listen carefully you have three choices tacos and margaritas beer and cheeseburgers whiskey and steak that's a good question whiskey and steak so easy no whiskey and steak so here's my reasoning love it okay I assume the whole idea is to have a good meal and get drunk down at the right that sounds like the point of the question so tacos and margaritas I'm not really a huge taco fan so I'd rather eat something else the beer and cheeseburgers love the cheeseburgerers I don't know if I could get drunk on beer I'd have like two beers and I'd be so bloated and burpy right and I'd be like I'd be like I gotta go smoke some weed and lay down we're not getting there because I had I actually had a beer the other night I had one beer the other night it was very it tasted really good it was a pill's ner it was some Belgian beer my friend gave me and I drank it real slow I didn't quite finish it you know I drank slow enough that it kind of got warm it was tasty I liked the taste of an interesting beer but man I like like like yeah it really blew it yeah then whiskey I'm not like a whiskey drinker but if the point to drink is to get drunk then pour me some straight booze and let me shoot it like what's the effective here like why do three sets if you could do what right let's fucking go just go to failure on the first round pour a triple let's just fucking bam rest pause set boom right I mean that's that's how that's how I think I'm like that's you know just do it bring me a triple whiskey and a 12 ounce fillet with a power fries next to it and we could have an all hit the drink first so it's in my system and then I'm thoroughly entertaining for about the next two hours and we can just enjoy our food and I like you I like your thought process with that because I did the same thing in reverse I was like why won't steak so what do I have? Okay because steak decided everything and just like you I'm like I can do that um what's funny is that is how I approach alcohol I don't other than wine I don't enjoy drink yeah I don't have it and even like wine is literally typically with some nice meal I've gotten into like experiencing it but if I'm drinking it's a goal like the last time I this is crazy but the last time I drank which is now years ago was at a friends wedding I was the best man he was obviously the groom and I went up before it started to the bar and my kia I need just a couple to kill us and they got gave me like a shot in normal glasses as I grow this one's for the groom and I don't think this is a great decision and he goes oh he pours about four shots in it and he goes and you and I go and I'm letting him do it so he poured about five shots in mind and I'm like thank you walked away I was standing there like mortal combat the finish him moment right we were scared I'm like please don't fall yes that was a good question I like that people can hit us with more of those yeah more than those ones too because you know like how you worked it backwards you have another one or shows you with one and I'm already looking at yeah hit me with one and looking at I got one for you why did people say the energy energy drinks are bad for the body is it just the caffeine no it's uh there well I mean you know there's there's there's there's a bunch of other stuff in there too like I mean fuck I haven't read the label on an energy drink because I don't drink them but I mean what's in there to huge dose of caffeine probably higher than recommended most of them are at least 300 mc per can aren't they yeah I don't drink real ones either I think the bullshed red bulls the sugar freeze yeah yeah so how much is in a red bull 150 and then some people hate touring so I know they bitch about the fact they put touring in there I'm actually looking to make sure I'm accurate keep talking I don't know yeah I don't know what it's even less 80 oh fuck like that's right you know I drink these because people to make it complain too much we drank these all the time and so now the flavor is like reminding me of that it like it's funny because I had a friend go those tastes like shit I'm like yeah I know it's reminding me of and it's it's nothing I take these because in the morning I have headaches I don't have a little caffeine because I have an addiction obviously one of these makes sure I'm gonna headache right that's it you know what I was gonna it's funny that I was your answer because here's my thing if you're hydrating doing an else right people can shut the fucking mouse yeah like everyone has advice for everything do I drink hydrating so no why I don't like them energy drinks are bad for you I'm 45 I drink I drink a hundred thousand cans of diet coke it's exactly it's the same where I look at a lot of things and I know you're wrong I don't down great like I do believe in thinking about your health and thanks for sometimes people were ridiculous like you really think that splendors are good idea I'm like do you know what I do for living yeah thanks blenders gonna be what takes me out that's gonna be the thing well my thing is yeah I have had a like well listen I also spent a large portion of my life you know force feeding bags of burger king down my throat to hit 300 pounds so I don't think this splendor is gonna be the deal breaker do you remember um remember that movie the green mile where when he touched him he could see all their sins and all the craziness like sometimes I wish I could do that so when people are like do you think that's a good idea I'm gonna show you something give my hand I think give a view into the rest of your life for their like all the splendors insignificant have five I'm like thank you let's move the fuck along shall we yes I say I X the day after me sir do you think people don't realize how much diet poppy drank in the 90s oh god who do you win these bodybuilders 90s bodybuilders just this is a can of our hand like the whole fucking time I saw that I mean that said uh there's no greater addiction than someone who loves diet coke and I'm like yep I remember I used to wake up by the fridge in my room I would hop one before I brush my teeth so another funny thing is you know how Donald Trump drank a lot of diet coke right yeah so I just watched an interview with a guy that got to interview him and he was just talking about how we interviewed him three times in the ol Office and he spent like several hours just in his presence just observing him and watching him and just interviewing him and he's like yeah he drank a lot of diet coke like like all the time as soon as we were done doing anything he'd be like give me that coke give me that coke right this is kind of funny he's like I never saw anybody drink so many diet coke's and this may be laugh we got time for one more I got one I don't know if we can answer this one or not I don't want to throw anybody under the bus who's the biggest male slut in pro bodybuilding past or present I saw you crack a smile there I like seven names pop up so the top five at the 95 Olympia this fruit through your head or top whatever yeah you're trying to put you like I don't know all right I'll safely you're right I'm not touching this but but I have to say um it's a it would be a battle for sure I think I think rather than break it down to that way what I would like to do is have each of the ones that I that are my favorites share the craziest story because I'm just going out on a limb I'm just going out on a limb and I'm just going to throw it out there that cormier and the de California boys from the mid 90s probably had a lot of fun yeah they had some good times for sure for sure sure for sure he was crazy get a $4,000 room service charge on your room Chris people up for my that's back when they before they check in these pale I should oh that's in great stories about that yeah yeah we're just going to file that all under uh athletes and walk forward haha it's called a day on that yes okay so not throwing anybody out of the bus a can't I can't I mean you know and you've been a child of gods and that's not knowing so we're good to go I have them I've behaved myself true story I'm okay it's your turn right yes I do believe I have one or two more decent ones here let's get one more for I let's see here boom boom oh this one's for you Ron this is not a violent question he always feels lonely he has no friends or girlfriends and he helped go into gym yeah I'm like this is on you let's well above my pay grade I don't really like a lot of friends um yeah well to to give actual like he's saying he's got no friends and he's lonely and he's doesn't know what to do that's basically the question that's the question and he helped well if he has enjoyed a gym join a gym for physical and mental well being as well as starting the process of taking care of yourself because nobody wants to be around somebody who doesn't take care of themselves true and that's not you know well yeah there's a physical stuff but also just like take care of yourself do it for yourself you know no one wants to spend any time around someone who who's letting themselves go and that's not just physically but you know you're letting themselves go you know developing bad habits and being lazy and all that shit so I would say join a gym get a hold of yourself you got to clean yourself up and you might you see that vicious vicious take down video that went around to that dude that was given at vice and the one guy was like I can't get women and he is like listen here is that that really angry black guy huh did you see that video and he's like he's like how taller you and the guy's like five ten he's like what do you weigh and the guy goes 285 he goes see you're a fat fuck and the guy goes whoa you're a bit heavy and he goes you got a big dick and the guy goes oh what he goes all come on he goes come on you know if you got a big dick or not the guy's like oh well I think of a bug average he's like okay so you don't have a big dick he's like how much money do you make and the guy goes oh make like 800 bucks every two weeks oh shit and he goes oh so you make like less than like 20 grand a year whatever the fuck you did he's like so you make 20 grand a year you don't have a big dick your fat and he goes you're five ten which is good but that counts as out the rest of it and he's like think you wonder why you can't get women to pick you and he's like you have to get a hold of yourself you like what are you doing you can't be you know on how old he was but whatever age he was with making this much and expecting he's because the guy was like talking as if women were being mean to him and he's like you don't understand how it works did did you see that that study about the 80 20 rule so so so the the funny thing is is the top 20% of females sorry the top 80% of females right are competing top 20% of men which means the bottom 80% of men are stuck with the bottom 20% of the women right because women are far more selective than men yeah some people refuse to believe that they're like oh no no we're equally selective no no no they say there's there's lots of research now that says that when a woman meets you she looks for reasons to fuck you so the default position is not fuck you right she looks for reasons to fuck you whereas when a when a guy meets a girl his default position is fucking her and he looks for reasons not to fuck he's the final reason not to his if not he's in this is all not even comedy to these researchers that have looked at all this and so it's really fascinating because that's real yeah yeah so another thing they yeah there's all sorts of crazy numbers now that we're seeing from how people are selective and how women actually have all of this selection choice women make all the real decisions when it comes to selection so you'll love this I have a gay client I used to train and it was funny because he never told me but I knew and it was just a cool guy right so finally one day we're in the gym every train but like six months I'm like hey Dan like yeah I'm like you fuck that guy and he froze he's like what am I I'm just asking would you think it was how do you know I'm like I don't get the shit I was like I just needed to break the ice in the most rough way possible is that's how I function and he was like all right so down the line we're talking one day and he goes you guys got a lot wrong and she wouldn't even use you know what stops sex in a relationship I said he goes a woman that's what I'm sex is we don't have that so it's not in the wake he goes so it's every single time that's what the logic was so clear of like Dan this is what you're like we don't have the barrier we don't have the person of logic that's selective and cares because we're just all right there it's good as a body of a bunch of an accurate statement I'm like yeah yeah it is so it's it's it's interesting to see that there's also new numbers now they're kind of frightening about young people and sex they're saying that 20% of the of the women are having all the sex and oh sorry no they said was it's only 20% of men are having all the sex with 80% of the women that's what it is so the 80 20 rule has been very very consistent back and forth so there's a lot of men right now there's the highest number of young men ever that are not having any sex at all so there's a huge number of men that are just pushed out of the sex market completely right now and only very few top number of men are having sex with all the girls that's not afraid at all for them right list right it's but it's interesting and they said it's it's these social media apps that the next generation is using the selection process it that there's a handful of guys that are getting all the sex from all the girls and everyone else is like just left out because when they do the whole you know social media it's not about meeting you yeah right that you like before they can before you get a chance to meet them in charm them you're already out of the game if that's you know because of the old days in our day dusty as long as you were funny yeah which is why I'm funny online yeah exactly that real funny online to get through that very good right gotta go further it's gotta go further you saw the poor filter standing fix me so that's why yeah okay but is that it for today's episode and it was solid we we had some good stuff in wrong him I want or when uh when Domkin on the ones he left it went south from there it's perfect yeah terrible terrible I would just as soon as he left as well okay everybody remember like share subscribe comment ring the little bell we appreciate everything you guys do for us to help push to show along you know repost all that sort of shit um dusty you gotta give us quickly really quickly before we go we he he mentioned I knew you hurt your chest but you had a little tearing there is that what you had because I knew that shot there yep so yeah we we did pro therapy in there um I was told to just leave it alone for about a week and a half and now I'm just inching it back in so Jason my PT's got me doing 30% next week right okay the maximum is working way up but it's fine it was it was it was it's actually in the muscle just in air in the muscle yeah so it was never 10 into 10s are all good there same with the need everything was solid it was just one of those things where every time I go to the gym I'm like okay I'm good to go and I start pushing and I'd feel it again and I'm like okay I'm nervous right yeah you know and your immediate thought of the pack is tendon especially over here it was a little low but I wanted to make sure so that's gonna speed up the process and uh it's good the only it sucks is I don't really like training chest and all was said and I'm like every nice to right throw some weight around all the 7s okay well hey that's that's that was posturing terror was healed within a month I was like like you know back on the bike and doing stiff legs with lightweight again and okay thanks man no doubt so no thanks everybody remember it's just body building