The answer is we just get out of our own damn mind and just go for it. Hey jump jump in. Just go jump in. That's what life has meant to be. Just go look hey everybody you only got one frickin' life. What are you gonna do? Well. What? I'm gonna be good to start fresh after three days of hanging with each other. That a trade show. How much protons on your hand? Oh, oh, I think James left some on our chair there. Look at the like right here. Yeah, yeah from his big huge massive calf. I think so. Right off. Okay. Hey everybody welcome to it's just bodybuilding day three life from the 2024 Arnold Classic booth. The mutant rebirth born different born hardcore. Remember I am mutant.com get your eyes so surge get your all in and everybody should get on the gear. Just a 20 big run 20. Remember like share subscribe comment and ring the bell. Okay. Jim McMahon. I call him he goes me captain Ron which is an old Kurt Russell movie reference. So I call him Admiral Jim because that's a star trek reference. Oh, I even better. Even better. Admiral Jim. Although I live to be demoted every chance. Yeah, yeah, hey we'll do that. You know when I say Jim. I try to sound like bones. Jim. Damn it. Jim, that's expensive. That's over budget Jim. I always love it when I call you up Ron and every time you say damn Jim, you took great idea. No he doesn't. So so Jim McMahon obviously founder of mutant and CEO mute CEO on Instagram right? Mute CEO there we go. They didn't they won't give me a discount code though. No, no, but you do need to blue check. I mean you should go on. I got one. You got a blue check? Yeah. I bid $8,000 for the blue check. You got a new. It's a counts. It's all twice. I had no problem paying for it. The count security is like my buddy got his account hacked right before they did that. Oh no. I thought that was what it was about. Oh yeah, because if you have blue check it's like way easier to get your account back with get hacked. Yeah. You said picture of your ID with you and they're like, see I thought the blue check was literally you just made for the blue check. Yeah, a lot of people think that you're just trying to look important, but there's benefit to it. Yeah. Like it's that's you and you're verified. Yeah. Okay. You have to verify your ID just like digital passport or anything as we said to it. It's really good. So that's how you're role just for those of you that don't know little education. That's right. I still think it's a government block just to get our information. I know. You should already have that. But yeah. Yeah. Don't they? So you've had we've all had great weekend. This has been a great weekend. It's been a great weekend for for mutants. Been a great weekend for the honor of classic and a great weekend for everyone at the next bow. This is 2019 numbers again. Yeah. It's actually better than 2019 numbers. We're getting back. That's a whole point. Yeah. I love it. Yeah. And also this has been a very special weekend because you know mutants title sponsor again for this third year in a row, fourth year in a row. Fourth year in a row we blew it up. We went big. Jim behind it all. And of course last night you were on stage given out the first place award to had each you pan and looking good in your fancy jacket, stand with Arnold. Yeah. Tell us what happened after the show is over. Tell us what happened. What's the first thing happened after the show? You and Arnie. I went to bed. Yeah. No. That's not what happened. Okay. No. No. Divine inspiration or whatever you want to call our divine intervention. It should say for whatever reason we had a little miss happened on the Friday night. And I know we've talked about that story already. But so from the miss happened Friday night there's a little bit of backstage paranoia in this set up area. So the Saturday night was supposed to go off with a little less glitch. Right. And for the most part it kind of did. But I stayed over on the opposite side after the awards and normally just walked away and go. But for whatever reason I was just hanging out I was standing on the opposite side Bob Chicara, of course on the other side of the podium where Arnold comes from. So the awards are done. Had he's done all his poses and everybody's walking off stage. I was about to turn my back and all of a sudden from way across the other side of the stage. They see Bob and Arnold's business partner Brian. They're waving me over. So I walked behind everybody while they're doing their poses after the event. And they take me down this private stairs and yeah we're in the bowels behind the back stage there. And Brian and Arnold said hey what you know thank you very much with the last four years and you have something that is special to you for you. So they gave me something pretty damn special I got to say. Didn't expect it didn't even know this was going to happen. Conan himself handed me an authentic Conan the barbarian sword. So amazing. Like full heavy with the things heavy. I heard I was told it's a perfect replica of the real Conan sword used in a movie. Right down to the very fine details. No kidding. It very well could be. Well we'll send that out and get verification. Yeah. But yeah it was it was amazing. And I was like blown away and like I posted like one of Arnold's handlers was taking the if some photos and video for me and thank you for that DC. So it was like yeah I was stunned like when you see the photos of it I'm just in stun mode. Well we're gonna get a photo. Yes. Scott's gonna throw it in right here. But we'll do it in post as we said. I send the business we do a lot in post Jan. Well we've got I have to work with these guys. Yeah yeah. Thank you. You're the deleting words. Yeah you'll be editing it with my bombs. So yeah. Let's not go there. Yeah. So then that's not the end of the night. You get a Conan sword from Conan himself. Yeah. Yeah. And of course we're not taking that back through customs. You're gonna get that shipped. They are gonna ship that up to us and be a good real. Yeah. And that's one kind of cool point. You got to remember mutant is awesome as far as working. It's hard on you sleep. But it's been a fun ride. You got it. I'm still the same 28 year old guy. I'm still the same 11 year old guy. Well the first time I saw popping iron I was 11. And that kind of started me on this whole freaking miracle journey. Yeah. And I keep getting asked the same kind of question they will how'd you do it. How'd you start there? I go the same way. I need to start anything. You just go for it. Yeah. And I think that's the great mystery that far too many people were clouding their own minds and lives with a naral's new book and his Netflix special. You know it's the same damn message. Get out of your own damn head space and freaking get after us. See I said freaking wrong. Yeah you guys. You're not the same freaking. That was good. You're a very good father that way. You got to freaking in there. We get a freaking in there. Anyway, but it's the whole mutant thing. How did this 11 year old kid from Fort Moody, Parkoquil, and I'm going to cook with a Mary of BC then who were all that stuff? Why is a Canadian brand here at the Arnold's kicking ass? Like I'm still questioning now. Like where's the one? What I know you guys don't think I appreciate that. But the answer is we just get out of our own damn mind and just go for it. Jump. Jump in. That's what a life is meant to be. Just go look. Hey everybody you only got one freaking life. What are you going to do? And that's Arnold's message as well. Yeah. It wasn't the other messages that he's been, you know, we wouldn't go back to where. What happened four years ago. But the real messages get out of your own damn wing and be useful. Yeah. Just go after it. And that's why mutant wanted to step up and keep this comorottery going with the Arnold's classic. And that's what we call it. Classic. There's also the Arnold sports festival, which is the whole ex boat friends of ours over at KSM 66 and sponsoring that. But hey mutant. We're the Arnold classic. Right. The home of body building Arnold. Yes. Is a legacy. He's alive. Living legacy. And we want to keep honoring that. And so the whole thing about mutant is just being a brand and sponsoring the Arnold Classic. It's deeper than that for me. I'm still that 11 year old kid. I never would I be if I wasn't for seeing pumping iron. I would probably be flipping burgers. Yeah. Yeah. No man. Hey, I got to ask you. I mean, not to go back to the beginning. But what was the very first thing you did? Like when you started the company, where you like put in protein and jars in your garage or something like that like, well hold on. No, that's quality control violations. Yeah. While in the 80s, there wasn't so many rules. I've always been rules. It's where the people follow them or not. But you know, you tell us the very, very beginning. I know we've been over this before, but just give us like the calls notes that we have started. We have. We have. I guess. You have. Yeah. Listen, I had 40 different jobs in my 20s because I wasn't qualified to do anything other than to sell back and cleaners and lottery tickets to unsuspecting people around the world through phone calls. Yeah. I didn't come up with the company. Those are jobs I had that I quit within two or three weeks. Yeah. Like those jobs, I'll tell you. And one point I was also a Mick Bouncer. Yes, McDonald's can of the hat security. What? Oh yeah, we had security in McDonald's. You're kidding me. I'm not kidding you. Like, they got McDonald's. They got a McDonald's. They got a McDonald's. They got a McDonald's. Yeah. He's things in alpha. Yeah. Yeah. Couple of streets of England. We actually had under contract. Okay. From McDonald's can of the way we had nine McDonald's. It required security. Wow. And so we were the Mick Bouncer's. So we got a McDonald's. We got a McDonald's. We got a McDonald's. We got a McDonald's. We got a D for free. We loved it. We were working out before there was a powerhouse gym in Port Moody. This called KG's gym. And so, you know, a whole bunch of us from KG's gym. We're like, oh, we get paid to eat. I never heard of this in my life. That's amazing. That's it for another day. We could do it. Like you said, that's the old show. That's awesome. He's from Detroit. He's from Detroit. He's never heard of this. Well, Detroit, all of the cashiers have their own life. Yeah, I guess they don't need that extra care. So they just train at the wall of the house first. Yeah. And then move on. Hey, Iran. You know those green things that British Columbia and Vancouver vancor down. Yep. Yeah, it was very famous for that green. He's a green flower. Yeah, we had a couple of incidents and some of the McDonald's areas. Yeah, yeah. There's some space out of the Preka dealers. My mind is blowing. That might just blow. They've been listening in the yard. No. They might have mounted drop-dissive lock bag here and there. And that might have ended up in somebody's pickup truck. Yeah, yeah. Wow. So what was the very first step when you started the company? You know, because like you said, oh, nobody wants to hear about the company. Let's go back to the paprika. Yeah. Yeah. But you said something interesting. I want to make sure we touch on. You know, you look at where you started and where you are. And I think that's what happens and how people don't just do it. And I think that's because a lot of people get overwhelmed. They think, well, I couldn't start a supplement company. I mean, look at what it takes. Yeah. But this wasn't what you were thinking when you started to come. Come and learn in a way. Because it's all about just like bodybuilding. It's about incremental goals. Short term goals. Yeah. What was your first goal with the company? With the company? So first goal. So just a preface. One of the 40 jobs is working for somebody else in the industry. Yeah. And a lot of people who were in this industry, that's how you got your start. You're working at a GNC or a vitamin shop. Right. I got kicked out of university and started working in a fitness place. And then I went to another fitness place that had an open juice bar area. Nobody was running the juice bar. So I became juice bar gym. And then I got to know some of the suppliers that I got to job with one of the raw material. I was sorry, one of the branded suppliers way back in the 80s. I got to drive all around a Western Canada. I mean, some of the names I could drop for Western Canada. The guys that got to me was pretty good. So like you were like a sales rep? I was sales. I've driving all around Western Canada. Even it just snowstorms. Yeah. I was pretty awesome. Yeah. Well, people who don't know what witches like in Canada, Western Canada is a very unhabitable place in some areas. Just think Minnesota in your worst winter storms. Oh, yeah. Just no thank you. But it wouldn't win Americans think about Canada. That's exactly what we picture. Yeah. All there is up there as far as we know. And a bear. Yeah. The bear. I got to come out of the 80s once a while. Feed the polar bears. Yeah. Anyway, sorry. This is the damn question. It was I was working for somebody else. And then they sold the company. And then the new owners came in. I wasn't named the company, but they were bat shit crazy. And within like two or three days, I was like, I got to get out of here. This is going nowhere. And so I started to put the idea together. Okay. So a way protein and already just come out. Creates him is kind of still new. This was like even before muscle tech was born. Right EAS. It was just kind of out there finally. Yeah. And I just found that stores and consumers, they just wanted to strain information. And nobody was giving it to them to see him. So I just came up with, hey, I knew some other raw material suppliers from the other brand I'd worked at. So I went to a facility in Cookwellum that could do the blending for us. And then we would just flavor it up and get it right. And I know it's going to make it better than that. So we had a creatine, a way protein, back in the day course. You have creatine with sugar as well. So we had a creatine and sugar product. And part of our thing was I would just go and knock on all the doors of all the stores, the new me. And it was almost like a mini 5 or 10 minutes seminar every time I walked into a store. They were just thirsty for information. Okay. And then also one of the cute little things we did decided to do. I mean, as real pain in the ass when you open up your jar, especially when it's your creatine with sugar. And you got to find that scoop. Sugar doesn't feel good on the finger. You get some sticky fingers, right? Rolling stones. Anyways. The, I would take the scoop and put it in a ziplock bag and I put the ziplock bag, scoop thing, glass in the jar. And just people appreciated the fact that I took that much caring and effort to do that. I couldn't continue it forever. I'll be honest with you. I don't look in our jars. Yeah, don't do it now. Yeah, yeah, the ingredients are like people. Yeah, yeah. You'll have to fight to find the scoop. It's okay. Find the scoop. Yeah. So that was the first thing. That was the start. So it was four products. And then so I didn't have the filling machinery. This, this outer blending facility didn't have the filling machine either. So what runs referring to is I would literally get up at like three in the morning. I was on adrenaline like for a year and a half. It was crazy. But I would get up at three in the morning. I borrowed about 200 square feet off of my brother and lost warehouse. So I go in there before he would get there. We had a clean room area. So I would take the empty jars and I would, in my other hand, I'd have the scoop. And I'd be scooping the powder into the jars, put it in on the scale, fill up the minivan. Yes, I had a minivan. Not proud to serve. And I'd drive from Abbas for a divine cover and sell all the warehouse come back and do it all that same night. Get up at three in the morning again. So persistent, consistent discipline, dedication, all those words. Everything I learned from the gyms. Like when I was lifting weights at 11 from seeing pumping iron, then I rehabbing a knee injury from hockey when I was 14 and then trying to qualify for the World Junior Powerlifting Championships and ruining the shoulder when I was 23. But there was still always the consistency in discipline. Real quick, real quick. So you're filling these jugs, you're delivering those up. You like jugs? Is this where we're going? Yeah, that's a different conversation though. Is that your full-time thing or you're doing that on top of another job? Good question. So I quit my bang job. Because that's the big jump, right? Oh, okay, here's a little deeper than that. All right. So I had $13,000 in the back pocket all saved up. My wife and I had just moved and bought a little house on the Prairie in Abbasford. We lived right on the US border, by the way, which was awesome. My corner store was in another country. No kidding. I am not kidding. So I used to, and we had a baby and we were going to, and we just got married. So I decided to quit my job. Have all this stress. New baby, new marriage, new house. You quit the job. Gable my life savings. Yeah. Being respectful to my dad who was a trucker and being respectful to my mom who was a bank teller. I honored them by writing up a little nine-page business plan. So they knew I wasn't just winging this. And I went to my mom and dad. So listen, I need a loan of $30,000 to also do this. And what year is this? This is $96. So $30,000 in $96. So $150,000. Yeah. No, it was only a Canadian money. So it wasn't $11.26. There you go. It's still good change back here in McDonald's money. So my parents, they said, no, we would just give you the money. Or no, my dad said, we'll invest the money. And it says, screw you dad. You're not investing in my goddamn company. This is my vision. I'm doing it. Nice try. Yeah. And the other thing was, if it failed, I was going to owe it. They said, no, you loan me the money. And that way, I owe you no matter what. And then my parents got less them. They, I might get a little weeping this part. My dad, I didn't really clue in that day. He was having an enginal attack. Later that night, he actually had a heart attack. He alive. He's alive. So he, he jokes. He kind of likes him when I tell the story. You go, I asked my dad for $30,000 and he had a heart attack. Literally. Literally. That's wild. But what my parents did, which was so cool. They said, listen. We can't invest. We won't loan you the money. What better thing an apparent do is actually witness their children, taking inheritance to see what they can do with it. So my parents gave me the 30 grand. They gave my sister 30 grand as well. She went off and did her thing on Salt Spring Island. She registered in massage therapists and turned it into, you know, good house and everything. And yeah, I was blown away by my parents attitude on that. It's like, you're going to be alive and watch what your kids can do. Right. So it's up. We'll take a little, early. We'll take a little inheritance out early and you won't get it later. Yeah. Yeah. And I said, thanks dad. No, are you okay? I got a news for you, Jim. You don't need it now. Yeah. Well, when he came back from the heart of the attack and had the stance and everything put in, I said, go buy yourself a good set of golf clubs. I'm okay. Yeah. Yeah. That's an awesome story, man. So you started up when, when did you wind up nationwide? What point was, was, was? Which nation? Yeah. Like a what point were you all over Canada? When did that? When did you feel like we got Canada? Well, it escalated very, very fast. And again, this was not by design. You've heard me say this many times and this is a very happy accident as what's transpired over the last 28 years. So that's a testament to just head down, go for it. Don't try to second guess anything. Just go, go, go, go, go. So they, I can illustrate this by numbers. So people get context. I told my mom in 96 said, my goal is I want to sell $20,000 a product in that first month, which means I could, you know, I didn't have an overhead. So I could pay myself, you know, probably 20% of that money. I can't pay myself even 1% of the revenue these days. Yeah. But 20 grand back then, I could pay myself a living wage. Very first month was over 42 grand. The second month was 80. The third month was 160. This was snowballing. Wow. Out of the gate. Wow. That's amazing. So BC was done. Alberta got done real fast. I strategically pissed off. They're now friends of mine, but I strategically pissed off a national distributor. I won't tell anybody how I pissed them off. But so they would go around. You hear about that pvl brand out in BC? And those guys who are, if they're watching this, they know exactly who they are. And their friends now. So by me pissing them off, they went around and talked about pvl all across Canada. They have a chance for. Oh, so there's no bad publicity. There's no bad publicity. Just get your name out. No, I haven't heard of pvl. What are they doing? They're giving people stuff. Great products, great price. It's not the worst. So that's the thing. That was, what? Canadian made. Yeah. So those in Canada, when you go to the Canadian Health Food Association, show the CHFA show, the West Show is always in Vancouver, except in 1997. It was in Calgary. So that's the next province over from BC. So it's about a 14 hour drive, something like that. Yeah. So I loaded up the mini van and dude of one company of one. Drove from Vancouver to Calgary. Buddy of mine Scott, then I worked with before he met me in the parking lot of the saddle dome, helped me unload the mini van to help set up the boot and because Jim, I'm your first employee. I said, I have no money to pay you. Because I'll work for commission. I said, I don't have the cash coming in from the retailers until like, you know, 30, 60 or 90 days after we sell it. You're going to starve for 60 or 90 days to do this and Scott, he went no problem. Wow. So we set up the booth. We had the product in the booth. I come into the booth on like the Saturday morning to work. And there's a gang of like eight guys from this other distribution company. There was a gang. And they come up to me and they're poking me. You want to play with the big boys? Oh, God. That's amazing. No way. I am not kidding. Old school. Yeah. Yeah. And one of them is actually one of my good buddies Tony and Kelona. No. These days. Yeah. I hate don't. I want to play with the big boys. Oh, yeah. I got the poking the gest in every day. Back in the days when the mafia ran the Canadian supplement market. Yeah. Yeah. So that's like. No, it's just the Irish mutant mafia. There we go. There we go. And now for a lot of people watching, they might wonder well, mutin hasn't been around 28 days or 28 years. Yeah, 28 days out. But that's another really cool thing about the where we are now. Yeah. The snowballing. You, it was actually. Can you rephrase that, please? That's another the snowballing of the brand, right? You started mutin. The first mutin was a 2005 where your, your other brand, pvl, Yeah. Decided to make mutin mass. Yeah. So the company originally was called pvl nutrients. Yeah. And we were going after a different name than what it is today. So pvl still around. Yeah. Dude. It's a rock. Yeah. It's a rock star sports nutrition brand just to delineate. So we ended up making the pvl brand. It started working. And then when you get into things like a gainers and things that, with that, you know what, this is going to get a little more hard core. So we still have the pvl brand name on it. So we call it pvl mutin mass. But we were talking about what is this thing going to be? Nobody had done a 15 pound bag before. So we did that. The other big brand gainer in the 12 pound bag that's black and green and operates out of Illinois. Their product was a little lower percent of protein. I think it's like 16 percent protein of a non-estecan. And so we just took up the protein at a 20 percent level. So it was like three and a half parts carb. One part protein, great ratio, 15 pound bag, no need to ever down that. So it was a lot of first. And it just worked. People just grabbed onto it. We were shocked. Right. All of a sudden we had to create an international sales department. We didn't plan that. Yeah. It just all of the sudden. And we started getting phone calls and phone call. It was crazy. And so mutin mass itself just started to become this juggernaut. And it already had the red labels. And it was already from the rest of the pvl brand. And then a couple years later we just took the pvl off of the brand. So it truly mutated. It truly mutated. It truly mutated into its own brand by itself. Yes. And spread like a virus all over the planet. Yeah. We got a couple more minutes. I want to tell the pivis story really fast. So how mutin mass came about actually wasn't by design. Okay. Because we were now manufacturing. We were doing the blending and filling for other brands as well. So we had so many places in order for like 5,000 kilos. That's 11,000 pounds, that's it. So 5,000 kilos. Or maybe you know kilos. Okay. Okay. Okay. Kilo's a star. Yeah. First you get the money. Then you get the power. The brand. Then you get the women. Yeah. So we wait. Gramps kilos all of them. So we had 11,100 and 1.26 pounds of a strawberry protein that was built for somebody else and then they re-naked on it and made a bill. So we had all this strawberry protein and I'm like, Yeah, you know strawberries not the greatest seller of protein, but what we're What are we going to do with this? Right. So we're like, so then this is how the idea of mutin mass came about was from a problem that we had. We just pivoted and we said, well, let's take the protein. We'll put it back in the blender. Well, add some carbs to it and add some more MCT oil. And let's come over the gator. Yeah. Wow. That's a story. That's a story. And it took off. You did. I imagine it sold then like you didn't expect it to. Wow. You do have some expectation when you make a product. But, of course, look. It just mushroomed into this. Yeah. So this was not by design. Yeah. That's incredible man. This fun. And now we're here at the 2024 Auto Classic. Fourth year as title sponsored. Fourth time. Four times. Four times. Four times. There you go. And it all goes back to having taking the change. Yeah. And we keep taking the chance. Okay. People have seen what we've done here this weekend. They go, wow. Way to go. It's still a gamble. It's still a calculated risk. We don't have, well, I better remember better. I say this Arnold and Brian are listening. But we don't know how we're paying for this yet. We're just going for it. I love it. It's okay. You got 90 days. Yeah. We're good. Yeah. You're going to show it to the people. Yeah. So you got a sword you can sell if you really need it. Yeah. There we go. I think we're going to keep that sword. Wow man. No. It was a great weekend. And you know what? I mean you have done. I know I was speaking for Dusty and Scott here. I mean you have done so much to give opportunity to so many of us athletes over the years. Like everybody. When I first. I tell the story about when I knew who you were. I knew Jim. I saw you at the shows. I saw you around Alberta. I saw you around BC at the show. This I knew that's Jim from. And you knew our crazy rap Lily. Yeah, and I knew Lily. I was her trainer. And I knew who Jim was. You were very friendly to me. It was nice to me. And I remember we were standing backstage at the Alberta's one year. And you were standing there holding you. It started doing the Mutant Award. Oh yeah. I knew it was. I remember it was 2010. You're standing there with the Mutant Award. And I said, oh, you're giving out the Mutant Award. And I wasn't a Mutant yet. Yeah. He goes, yeah. And I go, oh, well, don't you have a athlete at the booth? I thought he was giving it out. Because I think it's said somewhere like Mutant Athlete would give it out of water or something. You know? And you look to be goes, he doesn't want to do it. And I will never forget that. And I thought what an idiot. Because I was sponsored by another company at the time. And it was sponsored by a super big company that everyone knows. They didn't use me for anything. I was a little tiny, nothing. I was just for an ad, right? And I just sat, man, if I was with the company, I'd do whatever they wanted. Yeah. Like I'd get out in front of anybody. And I'd just said, what an idiot. And then, you know, less than a year later, I got an opportunity to sign with these guys. And I just sat, there is no way I'm ever going to say no to Jim. And I just, I will never forget that. Well, there was the one time you said no, but that's a different story again. A lot of different stories. I'd already smoked so much Jim. Yeah. Well, hold on. I don't even remember when TikTok was first starting to come out. And somebody came up with the pink tutu. I knew I knew Jim. That was a no Jim. If you would ask me, if you would ask me, I would ask you would have done it. I would have done it. Yeah, man. That's still good. And yeah, and it just really, you know, it really is a testament to the company why we're here now and what you've done for us. And it's part of the brand. It's part of what the brand stands for. And of course with the podcast, like you bring and Scott into the fold, bring in him to the shows, letting us do this here. This is a more space. You, you, you, you, you remember one, you and I were talking on the phone when I, I just come from my, my one hour walk around Port Moody. And I was hoffing and puffing and you and I were on the phone. And I'm pretty passionate. And as you guys know, I can demonetize your podcast way faster than I am. And I'm so, but the F-barm starter coming out after like, you and I were just having a good session and after five minutes, then we were rolling on this conversation. Yeah, I was pacing outside of my building and poor Moody people go, he's done another mile or two. Here's, I mean, I was just talking and rocking. Oh man. And we were having it because I wanted to learn what you were doing, what you were doing. And you know, why you're raping and pillaging me from right to halfway, so for a second. It's not real play. Well, it was like, what's the good juju that's going on here, right? Yeah. And I wanted to learn what you were doing. Moist curious. Right, I'm always checking on you, how's the gym? I called you the other day, and I'll, you know, at least space and things like that. Yeah, yeah, so supportive. Yeah. No, man, it's again, thanks for coming on today. Your story, what do we start the podcast? Right away, we didn't hear record soon. So, wait, as I supposed to record it, we're just getting the greatest debris interview. Oh, look at that. So, yeah, man. And this is the fluff files. Yeah, it's just been a lot of fun. You know, you know, you get to points in life where you can get on this train or that train, and you just think, man, you get on one, and then you get to a point where you're like, man, I picked the right train. You know what I mean? And I felt like that for a long time here. But all you guys are doing the same thing. I've got your dude with the podcast, Dustin, your dude, whatever, dusty does. I don't know, I do. Certainly does dusty things. I'm not really sure. And he's like, Kramer. Yeah. How does he, what's he do? He's always home and he's always around. He's got money. He's so much. And he enters the room like you do. But, and Ron, I get a, listen, I get a front row seat to see what Ron and his partners are doing. Because that gym don't forget was offered to me four times over the last 20 years by the landlord. Yeah. And there's a lot of death associated with this area. It wasn't you. Yeah. There's a side story here. Yeah. It was a world gym. It was a family gym. It was a lot of gyms over the years. You know, the owners passed it away. His, all this crazy stuff. Yeah. And so our company was in the next building over originally when we moved to Parker Pullham. And so I knew the landlords. And they offered me that gym two or three times over the years and former owners tried to sell it to me, Randy and Brad. And no, I was so happy for you. And you asked me, hey, what, my opinion was, I was, you're a big run. You're a opinion counts. You know what you're doing in a gym. I will never forget. I told you the idea and you said, you said, you're the guy to do this. Oh, how you said? You said, look around you. You said, you're the guy to do this. Like do this. During the pandemic, when C-bumb came in, I mean, come on. If you get an opportunity, you've got to go to Ron's gym. It was as simple as that. Like I still think you're not giving yourself enough credit for what you've got. So let me pump your tires. Thank you. Thank you. I appreciate that. I'll pump your tires when I figure out what you do. I don't even have a car. And my partner's really appreciate how supportive you've been in the gym. You know what I mean? It's been pretty incredible. So you're the type of guy. There's two types of people. There's the we eat they starve. And there's the rising tights, float all boats. And who you want to affiliate yourself with? Means a lot. Bob. She's a affiliation. She's a hero. I'll check. He got all the names right. Good night, Bob. It was a good night. You did a good job last night. No, nobody got killed. Howdy, true. Paaah. He's good. That was good. That was good. We got a love Bob. So thanks. He coming on, Jim. OK, bye-bye. Yeah, we're going to wrap this up. Remember, remember, I am mutant.com. Get your ISO surge. Get your all in and everybody should get on the gear. And lots and lots and lots. And now, and now the new mind foot? My fuck. There we go. The new mind, the new, the new, the new, the new tropey that we're launching. And it's we're very, very excited about it. You can call it in mind free. If you want to scop, but there's no R on the label. Or give me my FK. In mind FK, special for mind FK. Mind FK, if you're a snowflake. There you go. And remember, like, share, subscribe, comment, and bring the goddamn bell. OK, thanks everybody. Jim McMan, cheers. Admiral Jim. It's just bodybuilding.