Hey everybody, welcome to episode 153 of It's Just Bodybuilding. Of course, Big Ron Parlo, our producer Scott McNally, and our very morally flexible Dusty Han Chau's back. He's not wearing the same shirt for a whole week. He's only wearing the same shirt for one day. Right? So we have two of those, right? Yes. So we got like share, subscribe, comment, comment with the question, and and ringer though. There we go. That's what we need from you so that we can continue to give you this, right? And this is our YouTube question episode of The Week. Apparently. Yes. Right Scott? Yes. Here, let's do this. Just tell, because I always try to time it whenever it's time to like bring the next question. Just tell me when you're ready for a question and then tell me when you're ready for the next question, I shall put them up. We have a lot of dozen of them. There's a lot of people who took part in the last episode. I appreciate because that stuff helps to boost the show up, helps other people to find it. And the whole ring the bell thing, I think that's important too because we've had people who say, hey, I'm not getting notifications. I didn't know when there's another show. If you don't ring the bell, you can be subscribed and you'll never see another show again. Possibly. Yeah. That was so important. That's great. Yeah. It still comes through your feed if you're subscribed, but it doesn't. You don't get notified. Yeah. Like it just drifts through the feed. And if you're not on the feed that day, you know, you know what I mean? How YouTube works? Whatever. You know? Right now my YouTube feed is all messed up because I kind of went down a weird rabbit whole the other day. I've done that. And I'm like YouTube's like kind of sketchy. And I'm trying to like, you know, reclick on other things. In case I die and someone goes through my YouTube. Can't have that. Treating that in my phone. It's rude. Damn, search is so. Yeah. Yeah. You know how it works. That's okay. So we got some YouTube questions Scott. Let's get one roll in. All right. Cool. Get the party started. Question for the next episode. When we're starting out, we pick up a lot of habits and believe a lot of training and nutrition principles that aren't nearly as true as we thought or complete bullshit. Sometimes we end up holding onto some of these principles just out of habit. Like Annaballek, Windows, high rep versus low rep as law, static stretches, lowers, strength, etc. Do any of you have any of these that might not be true, but you still do out of habit. Anyway, love your content and thanks as always. Sorry to think. Yeah, okay. You go ahead, Dasty. Well, I still believe these do be true. Even though people argue with me to the death on science, I still think fasted cardio is the best cardio for getting in shape. And I still think that going on like a pure fish diet. Oh yeah, it's a good one. Change is the way you look. It just does. And it's one of those things where there's nothing scientific about it. If you're looking at macros, it doesn't make sense. There's no reason for that to be the case. And same thing, I'm also a firm believer that I don't give a shit when you eat your food. As long as you get in today, yeah, I'm telling you that somehow it's magic to do cardio before you eat. But in my experience, it's the best form of cardio for losing fat. And that does not make sense scientifically at all. I see what you're talking about you. I'm just trying to think here. Well, they have this science now that says it's static stress stretching. Drain's you of strength and explosive power and all that stuff, right? But I still really like to stretch a bit when I'm warming up. People are saying don't stretch at all. I just, I don't feel good about that. I've trained without any stretching and I've trained with a bit of stretching. Like, you had opened up and loosened up and stuff. And I don't know, there's a feeling of, feeling of safety and a feeling of like, freeer movement and more ability to bang things out without feeling like I'm not. I don't know. If I don't stretch a bit, I just don't feel like I should be loading things like that. Like, you know what I mean? He's feel tight. And I don't know if I'm just not flexible enough by default. Maybe people that have really high default flexibility, who aren't tight at all. Maybe they don't have to stretch it all when they warm up. I don't know. But I like a little bit of stretching. You know, I don't go crazy. But, you know, I'm a believer that you should get things opened up. With more of a pump in there, you know, helping blood in all that sort of stuff. So, you know, I know the post workout window is supposed to not be true, but I sure as shit don't want someone who's dieting for a show to not eat for two hours after the train. Yeah. You know, so, yeah, I don't know. There's a few of those, you know, like they say all the science proves that it doesn't matter what rep range you're in. It's still get high-purchy feed, but I'm like, yeah, I know. But I still think like this six to, you know, six to 15 ranges were like, what all the Mr. Olympia sandals are. So, you know, that's sort of stuff. I think you got to break in with something like that too though, training to true failure, muscular failure at six to 15. I think you can do that easier without error than you can when you're in that 20, 25 rep range where maybe it's just burning, see, stop. Or maybe you're getting fatigued cardiovascular, see you stop. So, that's the, that's why I'm in a different to those. You got to be pretty advanced because I train in really higher, brain just sometimes, but I don't think that would have worked for me 15 years ago, because I would have been stopping before I really had to. That's a good point. Yeah. Well, you're scouting. Well, when you were saying the fasted cardio thing, the fish thing came to my mind and then you said it. But I agree with you, man. Like 110% on that. And I don't know, maybe I believe it's true that things like white fish, like cod or tilapia don't have a rack of dynic acid in it. Maybe there's like an inflammatory thing that's not happening. And I know that fish is going to be really high in protein and even lower in fat than a lot of other lean meat sources. So, I don't know. I'll tell you what. Let me ask you this. Like if you sit down and you eat a bowl of chicken and rice versus a bowl of fish and rice, I guarantee, at least for me, I'm going to be starving like in 45 minutes. I don't care how much food it was. I know that in that tells me something. If I'm able to process something so fast and break it down so quickly, there's something to that. And then I've seen it in my own life, too. If we switch like half of the meals to fish, it does make a difference. So, I know that everybody who's last now know that. Oh, yeah, fish, good things to the skin, you know. But I do think there is something to it, too. I agree with it. Well, I have never been one to believe that it's the fish. I'm not like, I'm just saying, in my experience, I feel the same way about, about just really low fat, low calorie diets. So, like, when I've gone to a lot of egg whites, that's another one. Yeah. I've had egg whites like three meals a day and then fish it two meals a day. Yeah. So now, but yeah, the thing is, is like, you know, they say we need a certain amount of dietary fat for healthy function of the brain. You need some saturated fat to create hormones and you need this. And, you know, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. That sort of thing, cholesterol, blah, blah. But sometimes I had success going to like, is zero fat diet. Yeah. And just like, well, you're not living the body. You know, no, it's not like you're living your life that way. But yeah, like, and so when a lot of guys would go to all fish, I'd be like, Oh, I get it. Like, you're going to know fat. Like, your meals just dropped in calories. Like, then ads up for the whole day, you just dropped like 300 calories. Yeah. You know, that's gonna add up. So, but I would always do egg whites instead of like all fish. One of the main things that concern me about eating fish five times a day is that I was around several people in my life that smelled like fish because they were eating fish five times a day. I've done like coming up with them. Yeah. Like they're in the gym training and they just stink like fish. And I'm like, dude, like, you're fucking hard to be around man. Like your family's dying dude, like go home eat something else. Like, take a break. Like, I don't know what's going on in your body, but you got like fucking so much fish in your digestive tract. And it's literally coming out in your sweat. I thought I never wanted to be that guy. I thought you were going to like say something health wise. Like, I'm afraid of the mercury that's in the face. Like, I just don't want to smell like it. I don't want to fucking smell like fish everywhere I go. That was just a crazy man. Which I remember the first time. Yeah, you ready? Which way? He said, which I back. I back. Not. I never delayed. Yeah, yeah. So yeah, I just, um, I would never want to stay like fish. I was just be so brutal. Oh my god. So, but yeah, I've been around people where like they come into train one day. And they're two weeks out, right? And they come into train one day and they're warming up on the lake press. I remember my buddy Rob, where I went on the lake press next to me one day. And I just looked over at him and I was like, oh my fucking God. That's coming out of him. Yeah. Was that coming out of his breath and coming out of his sweat. And it's, I would love to hear from someone like who knows exactly what's going on. Like, how come they smell like fish, but yet, you know, I could eat a lot of chicken. And I don't smell like chicken. So what is it about the fish? Is it a digestive thing? Is it coming out of their sweat? Or is it like, what's happening? You know what I mean? Yeah. I'd like to know. I think Dusty's on the lake. We're, guys, we just don't have the best internet. Yeah, my friendship for Dusty today. What's up, buddy? He's just froze. I was about to sound. Oh, there we go. Do you have any other devices that are connected to your, to your line right now? No, thanks on. No one's here. Okay. Now you got one, I guess. Is your phone. Yeah, my phone's on. I'm just okay. Hmm. Don't know what it's slow right now. It's exactly the same box. I love it's just how it pulls into this apartment or what? Oh, weird. Okay. When you move into this new studio, we'll get you hard wired. Ethernet. Yes. Yes. That's a must. Yes. And I want my own, we've already discussed this. I'm like, this is just my internet. Everyone else, fuck off. You guys have your own. I'll buy you any drone. Yeah, you need your own. Yeah. What's it called? Receiver? Whatever it is. Well, if you get like the good, like I have like the 1.3G or something like that, like then you can do everything. Be downloading porn in the background while you're watching porn over here and doing the podcast all at once. Yes. That's all I do. Okay. Yeah. All at once. So you knew what I was doing in 4K this. I was like, off work. Hmm. I've known you guys saw me looking over. I didn't know why. I had a feeling. Yeah. I need that for sure. I'm going to get that before I leave. I can't do this for 4 fucking months. But any who. No. Okay. All right. Another question. Yeah. All right. Yes. All right. Brian Murphy, who is a subscriber of the channel. You can see that little box right there. Show see subscribers. Another great episode. Thanks guys. Question for the next show. Best ways to approach bringing up a legion body part in theory. I would just like to just hit arms a lot harder and keep doing everything else the same. Work should I take the approach of dropping everything else back while focusing on arms. How to each of you approach this. Thanks for everything. Keep up the great work. Good question. Well. First saying I say for lagging body parts is to make sure they're prioritized in the workout split over the week. So it doesn't mean they have to be first in the workout like you don't have to do biceps first and then chest if you're trying to bring your biceps up. It just means you have to make sure that when you do biceps you have a hundred percent of your energy that you can really really give her mental focus is big thing. So let's say you have. Really good packs and you need to bring your biceps up. That would be a good match. Because you can reduce your volume a bit on your chest. Because you don't need it. If your chest is a strong point and you could put more into your biceps. I do think you have to do more total volume for body parts you're trying to bring up. But I don't think that necessarily means it has to be in more than one workout. I think there's other ways to do it. But usually that's how people do it is they'll you know keep there. They're heavy normal day or whatever and they'll add volume at another point in the week. There's a bunch of different ways to do it. You could just do more volume on that body part day if that's what's best for your schedule. But I mean mental focus is a big thing. If you've got something that needs to come up you need to have your head in the game. Because then that's where you correct all the other stuff. That's where you think the form and that's where you you know really work on the contractions. And that's where you feel the connection best and all that stuff. So just really making sure that you're mentally like zoned in on that body part and you have a little bit extra. You know focus on it as far as what you're going to do. So I think that's probably the most important concept for bringing up week body parts. Yeah, I agree. I would say the thing that I had to do personally with bicep growth was I had to realize that I couldn't train biceps the same way. I train a lot of weather muscles which was. It was unaware of the obvious which is how easy this brother body parts to help. So for biceps I really had to take a step back and say okay. I'm moving a lot of weight but what's moving it. And then you know it was really simple for me. I cut my weight in half one day for a set. And just said I'm going to execute this set perfectly and see what I feel and I immediately realized I wasn't training the biceps. I was hitting them but they might have been getting a percentage instead of all the work. Yeah. Now I train them very light. I think it's key. You know people ask all the time they'll say what's the best way to train x or what's your best way to put on muscle mass. I think that if you were to look at my training especially at this stage of my career. It looks a lot like my music selection. It's a little all over the place because for one body part it's just you know it's just it's just get you know just get after it doesn't fucking matter. Pull the weight full heavy call today and then bicep. When it's death now I laugh one day is Andy you know it's yeah I'm obviously I'm listening to sling the on training biceps with a 20 pound dumbbell. So I can really lock into it you know there's no death metal on back on on bicep day that's the key right right okay get a little too hyped. Yeah really did though comes out of just the focus for me I did not need to add volume I needed to train better. Yeah train better. Okay only think that I would add just one thing and that's that we only have so much recovery ability in our body. In our week you know so yeah I met guys who are like oh man I just love training legs and leg training is my best day you know when I train legs and and they just like. I'm not really annihilate their legs and they've got great legs too but they need to bring up their back in their chest you know upper body is lacking by comparison. And it's like well maybe we need to back off a little bit and sometimes it's a psychological thing where they're like oh man but no like they identify like legs is my day you know if I don't get in there just like destroy legs. Yeah I don't feel like I'm getting good workout and it's like okay what do you want to keep destroying your legs I mean you got great legs or do you want to grow your chest and back because sometimes it's like maybe you didn't need to do anything more you might need to do something. Less and it might not even be that body for you to be into something else. Yeah that's great point. Yeah there is a certain amount of sets you can do at the end of the day and you will eventually if you're if you're you know let's say you're doing an experiment. To see how much volume it takes to get something to grow you are eventually going to have to take sets away from something else. Yeah you know you can't just wind up it you know 10 sets for body part except for by steps for a do 50. You know you don't have to be like a cape maybe I've dropped to eight sets for body part. Yeah by steps can still get you know 15 sets or whatever you know whatever you have to do. So. All right. Another question. Let's see. The podcast. What was the one prep that you each had that went horribly wrong and if you remember what was it that caused it going into detail from coaches mistakes to your own sabotage etc. I've been in the past 20 13 I've talked about it before but that was my worst year of prepping. And it was all just started with an injury early on in the prep. I had a tear and tear in my upper quad squatting. I had a pop and like a rip sound up in the high upper quad. And my leg was super sore I couldn't really put any weight on it if I bend my knee you know and my leg got all purple. And this was like like four months out from the show but it took like it took like six weeks for that leg to clear out and look better. So by the time by the time the leg looked better I was like under 10 weeks out. Another I tore my fucking quad again. I tore it at the top of the tear drop on the inside where the tear drop in the doctor touch the sartores and the tear drop touch. I tore it there squatting with chains. And it popped and I felt like a rip and it turned bruised and turned purple again. And I turned on my fucking leg and at this point I'm like under 10 weeks out. And the first one took six fucking weeks to go away. So I just and beside myself at this point and you know the stress and just and then you know just it just was a rough prep. And my leg didn't quite clear out in time for the show so I had one quad that was dry and and had strations in it. And then one quad that was a little bit foggy with a bit of a film on it. And I mean what happens I mean the judges look at you for a second. And if they look at that if they look at that quad they're like going around shape and it just cost me so badly. And then and then obviously like I did stuff that was dumb at the end trying to fix the leg like I thought maybe if I'd taken extra dioratic. And then I just pull really hard like you know I rapidly gave in satin with sauna and then I thought I'll take an extra dioratic and just see if it pulls and it did I felt like it did pull a little bit but then I was flat. And I thought well I don't look good I just I got to come and full as a fucking house so I just filled up like drank like fluid and I ate a bunch of shit and I just got as full as a fucking house. And I went on stage and I wound up in sixth out of 30 which was my worst placing ever in Canada because I didn't make the top five which is the first time I'd ever not done my posing routine at the night show. Which was like I huge blow to me because I was always posing at night that was a thing I never didn't make top five fuck that. And this time I went home you know without posing at the finals and I just fucking was just it was the worst but that prep was just doomed from the start. I looked back on it after I'm like what a waste of time and money that whole prep was just fucking puke. Oh so yeah you know sometimes you just got to know like this is not happening. Yeah you know I mean I still looked like fucking you know I so got some pictures from the gym that look crazy you know like I mean I was big like I took you know I took the off seasons all serious that point. I mean I was getting big off season and I was like 275 really lean coming into that show and I just everything just kind of fell apart because I was trying to pull all the water out of that leg and I wound up like you know 267 on stage without strided glutes and it just was like the fuck is appointed this. Right. What a waste. Well you got you give you that. But I made my own mistakes I would say I remember the third time I competed I remember so I did middleweight and then the next year I did another another prop I took like I competed in the I think the spring and then I took like a year to grow and then I competed in the fall that next season so like in one year when it was like you know good off season and I actually came in lighter and tighter and harder and was one of my. best looks at my second show ever one lighter so it's like 177 it's the first show and they still let me on stage pound over and then I was 172 at the next year and it was my favorite looks still one of my favorite looks and then from there I took two years off to grow and then I came back at 194 195 and at that point I still had a few pounds to lose like I bet you if I came in at like 189 I would have been solid there. Right and then my coach said like what do you think about doing the Michigan State championships because that's coming up in six weeks and he was like let's try to hit middleweight by then and we're just like pull all the food out. And try to hit middleweight and see how that goes you know when I was like crazy you know when I do 55 I'm going to hit 176 in this period of time and I was like well I believe in it you know let's do it so I tried it and it was just I didn't feel good and then I honestly started cheating on the diet after a while like it was just the food drop. Was so crazy it was the only time that I ever really struggled on a diet but like we went to like nothing just like protein only and I don't think it would have been a good look anyway. I think the smart move would have been like hey why don't we do the Michigan and try to get you know 56 pounds lighter but we are going for way lighter and then I still did the show. And it and it wasn't like a failure I still got fourth and it was like you know was a big lineup like like heavy was like there's a cross I can't remember how many guys but there's a cross the stage I still got fourth but it wasn't a good look it wasn't the look I wanted and I remember still to this day. Having my girlfriend shooting my pictures for me and just standing outside my backyard the morning of the show. Tanned up hitting my poses and sending him to him I just remember feeling I don't want to fucking do this because it wasn't like the look I was proud of you know so. I would say that you know maybe I was done that season maybe I should have or either either not done it at all or just tried to shoot for a better version of what I had done at the first show so whatever. Right. Yeah. Now for me it was real simple I think I would definitely share this to people. I 2012. 2010 I got fifth of the USA's my first pro qualifier. 2011 I was phenomenal but we dialed it too far and took tenth so 12 was supposed to be like that redemption show you know I had a whole year of like obsessing about it. And my personal life was a complete fucking train wreck and I probably should have pulled from that show like before I started the prep. By starting the prep I had a pseudo was doing everything right and was pretty in hindsight I had been denial the entire time because I remember the night before the show taking pictures for crest to set them to them. I remember looking at the pictures being like this light is terrible let's shoot over here I kept moving around to find light that made me look in a way that did not look. It's like wasn't a light fat fuck you're not in shape. I was brutal and I remember because I ended up taking tenth that year which I took tenth year before but the difference was. I looked terrible and I knew it and then when I saw the pictures I'm like I don't know how I even made tenth I mean it had to have been the weakest line up I competed in the pro qualifier because how that was good enough for tenth I have no idea. And it was a double smack because I knew what was wrong Chris felt terrible I remember he came to my room the day after and he's like. He knows me he knows I'm not cheating I'm not making mistakes and he kind of looked at me like what are we gonna do you know I said. This one's on me like I knew what the problem was it wouldn't matter who was prepping me I wouldn't have gotten ready wouldn't matter what drugs I use nothing was gonna do the job. It's too much background noise but it was also a double whack because when you nail a sheet you know I'd one G and assholes that I got fifth USA is a super. Then you get an off show where you're tenth and people go oh it's you know I mean he was the yellow is fluke. But when you get two back in a row was the fifth of flutcher with a tenths of food because the only out one of those and you got two of the other so that was definitely. A shot and the only thing that it did in a positive note was I wasn't waiting a year I was like when is the next pro qualifier we're doing that. Which was the USA's angel I the following year and I took third and was definitely back you know so. If you're not I think it's something I read the other day it was pretty cool. Somebody put up a thing it was just that it was a story but I got shared a few times they basically said. If you can't remove twenty five hundred dollars from your bank account today you're not financially ready to do a show like without it affecting your life. And I think that's accurate but I also think if you already have stresses in your life viewing your wife for your girlfriend or whatever fighting. It's not time to start a prep. Yeah like you know or business troubles or like any of that shit because you can't have it you know it's just not a feasible thing. And in hindsight I look back when I was my best and when I was at my best there was I mean I had life shit that takes place me you're going to have flat tire going to have works problems or something but my house life was phenomenal. You know what I mean like yeah there was there was five people getting me ready for the USA's you know Chris my wife my training partner we were all getting ready for the show and the year that was bad. If anything I was using the show as distraction from how shitty my real life was and that's just not how it works so if anybody ever catch themselves in that position. Saviour stuff the time in the money pull out handle that shit do another show. I've mentioned this once before so you you touched on a very important thing when you sat down and you looked at Chris and you said this one's on me. I've been in that situation as a as a as a trainer and as a client. Where like it doesn't matter who your trainer is or how good they are what they do or how well they know your body or how great they may you look at your last show or the show before that. If your head is not in the right spot your body will not follow. Yeah and and and that is a lesson I've seen over and over and then I've experienced it too. You know so 2012. I did like a robot prep of talk about this perfect prep. You know right on my game I'm in my prime my a game I'm fucking prep master not a single word I'm the best client Chris is he does ever gonna have. Right that's my attitude like pictures are on time they're clear they're perfect you know like. I'm in that zone you know I was I've been second to bunch of times at this point so I expect to turn pro anytime now. And I go to Edmonton and I get second to Antoine. I had some first place votes when I get second to Antoine and I'm fucking. You know I saw that I had first place votes and I'm like fuck just not enough again you know. And then you know a couple months go by and and I message Chris and I'm like hey you know do we want to get role in doing to keep some offseason pictures come into you and he goes. I'm only gonna help you again. If it's not like last time. Wow and I go what like I haven't already was talking about. I'm just like what are you talking about and he's like glass prep is brutal man you were a disaster you're off the off the payer or up beyond the pale. Your your mental state was. You were no fun to prep you were super fun in 2010. How to blast 2011 we offseason then it was all fun and games and then 2012 came and you were just fucking brutal brutal client. And I was just like what because like to me I did a perfect prep. Yeah and then he goes he goes what do you remember about the prep. And I was like because that's when I went through a big break up and everything. Oh shit and I realized I realized I didn't actually remember any of the prep. Like I do not remember that prep. No memories, no stories of it. Nothing. And we'll remember a single thing. And I realized I was just like using the show as a distraction because I didn't want to deal with my own personal shit. I just would oh yeah shit happens I'm prepping. Yeah. You do that. And I wonder you know I I wonder after you know if I would have been the same client that Chris had in 2010 when I was all fucking. Mental attitude was perfect and it was all great and he thought it was fantastic. Maybe I could have won that show. I had first place votes and it was beyond the pale the horrible mental attitude apparently. So you just wonder like what could I body of done if I was actually willing to let it go there or lead it there. Or might could mentally lead myself to a better place. So you know. I've had clients say that to me too. I've had clients go hey man just like you know this fifth place I got today or this fucking whatever you know my prep was a bit of a mass and you did your best and like I've had people tell me that. And I'm like oh I appreciate that you know it's good good that you can take responsibility for you know some people can't take responsibility for their preps at all. Yeah right we've seen the coach play him and coach jump and this didn't work and that didn't work. And I'm like oh are you broken maybe you're broken maybe you've got some stuff going on you got to deal with and no prep is ever going to go perfect for you until you know you're really ready to let it. But I've been there on both sides of it you know but if your mental attitude isn't good. Then you can't expect to have a glorious outcome of your mind has to be in it in a positive way. So I see that a lot. Yeah that's a great it's great thing because it's I think that that you said the attitude is the magic. I remember my would you said the memory remembering perhaps. I remember 2011 still because I remember having those days where I was so tired and just doing getting up on the step money. You know you're a stamp at the bottom of the step money to look up at it you know like. Fuck fuck here we go you know and but I remember I used to always think to myself like. You know when I'm on it and I was struggling I would remember thinking like they're not doing this and being happy. Like you're in hell and you're happy about it because I'm like they keep these other guys can't feel this bad. You know and and that was something I knew I needed. We actually talked about this over the weekend when I got into bodybuilding. It was a conversation I had with by wife at the time I'm like hey for me to do this successfully you have to be in. Like a hundred percent because I'm not as good as these guys so I can't have anything pushing me in the wrong direction. So simply are you in or not. And she's like yeah absolutely and it matters you know because it really you know I knew from jump I didn't have an inch to give so. You know I needed I didn't have any ounce of help I could have and I was kind of you know I kept trying to send DMs other guys wives get them in trouble I've never mind sorry. What it's poker I'm just trying to win a game here. So what do we got we got more stream man. Oh see here yeah and this is actually not a question but a comment from Scott Weston he says. Oh boy one of my close friends eats pizza with a knife and a fork not only is this serial killer mentality it's actually worse than finding out your friend is a turn the radio down kind of guy. Disgusting behavior. Scott Scott is not alone in thinking that my knife and fork pizza eating is weird we got a number of comments right let you know so. Just letting people know the other night I had some pizza and I used a knife and fork. But then about an hour later about an hour later I walked past the box and there's a couple pieces left and I just grabbed one up and folded it made it. It was all it was okay nothing. Well so here's the thing is very technical was that before after you killed the hookers. Well one of them was dead the other one was still technically alive. A little more pizza. I'm a little after you know I worked up an appetite. So when the pizza still really hot really really warm that's when you run the risk of uneven topping distribution with the folding and fighting. Right because it cheeses poles and the other toppings pole and then you get the mass and they hit your shirt. And I'm fucking got to change my shirt. Now I got a fucking change my shirt. So this is one of my the things that I really upset me. So good job. When the pizza's cooled down a bit right about an hour after you know an hour later after the movie's done and you got those two pieces and they're not cold they're not the fridge. You're just sitting there room temperature. The cheese is like firmer. And now you have more of a secure and you don't get the uneven topping problem. I just that's the little thing with me. I started through that. All I heard was excuses got on the floor. A question for the next episode. Which one which one was your favorite episode? The funniest you can remember. I remember one episode that had been crying because I was laughing so much. I think it was the one where Ron told a story about the guy from the army at the bar. That was a good episode. Those are some good stories. So he's asking us what was our favorite episode of our show I guess. Oh, geez. I don't honestly don't even remember any of them. I remember having like Chris on. I remember having Jay on. I remember like Hollings head mountain climbing story. That was good. My brain is just mush. Just a mush of like, you know, I feel this 150 who episodes. Well, you've done like a thousand podcasts dude. Yeah, but still. We've had a lot to fun on this show. And I will just throw this one up here too. I think Chris. He says I'm a thousand percent here for a seat. I don't know. Since he mentioned him. I'd go talk to Chris. Chris Face time me the other day. Nice. Yeah. Did you have a drink though? Yeah. So I'm going to give you a little light. I didn't tell you guys this Chris Face time me the other day. And you know how I see it's a Face time. So I'm like, okay, driving. So you're going to get the driving like, like, this is the you're going to be review. Right? So it's driving and you're going to get this shot of him. Right? And I answer it. And he doesn't say hello. He just says, What percentage of the current crop of body builders do you think are mentally ill? Oh, God. Oh, wow. And I'm like, oh, we're doing this conversation. It's 10 in the morning. It's a little early. I'm on the West Coast. I'm on the West Coast. Different 90s. One game for him. He's seen a lot of updates by then. Yeah. Yeah. And then he was. He was very happy when I told him how popular the potato story was. Dusty. Yeah. Yeah. He was like, I got to bring this up because you guys will love this, especially You, Ron, because you understand. So he, I said, I said, I said, I get interrupted one sec. He said, he said, Dusty doesn't answer my stupid calls sometimes. He's like, this is bullshit. I'm calling with randomness. You're not answering. So yeah, what are you doing anyways? So so Daniel starts with him. And the other day, I saw his Tuesday before last, I was at town. I said, how's it going? He goes, it's weird. But I go, weird. What do you mean? He's like, everything is so simple. But I'm changing so fast. And I said, that's why I wanted you to train with Chris. I wanted to understand just how much mental masturbation these coaches have. You know, trying to make it look really complicated. He's like, and he said, we're in touch almost every day. And he goes, I don't even know how he has time for it. And I'm like, that's every client he has has that same question. I remember the day I was trying to figure out why he cared about me. But he's just been blown away at the simplicity and how well it's working. That's cool. Yep. That's how it works. I mean, the other thing which you will love, I told him day one, Ron, I said, Hey, when you can't understand attacks, just send it to me. I'll let you know what he said. And I've gotten about three of those, where he's like, I need you. I just get a screech out of like, oh, that was not hard. What's that even? Well, it's a little bit of a question. Well, we just don't. Why don't he doesn't fix any mistakes? Oh, okay. Okay. So you're reading like a sentence, but then there's a word that doesn't make any sense. And in the sentence continues, and then there's no punctuation after time. Yeah. You have to be, it's funny because actually he sent me one yesterday. And I missed it on the flight, but I guess he called Chris back and he got a explanation on it. And I finally read it and I go, I'm glad that Chris answered this because this is a seat of level beginner and I'm going to see you. Don't bother with this. Okay. I'm going to see if I'm going to pull it up real quick because it was pretty funny. Let's see here. There it is. Yeah. Trest day is carbs go to meals one and two only. Cardio 45 trained day 30 cardio picks Tuesday. And he sends me, he says, uh, uh, music channelation here. The first line is what I'm unsure of. Does that mean trained day and rest day carbs only meals one and two? And they says, uh, so I read it real quick and I'm like, yeah, training days, the carbs go to just meal one and two. And then on the, you know, obviously cardio drops on training days. Like, that I get that follow up. It says, uh, I got translation from him. Ha ha. We're good. But I just love it. The spelling is also the key because trained days is TRR EST days. And then, uh, picks Tuesday is all caps on Tuesdays except for the wise lower. It's like, uh, it's fantastic. I just love it too. Because I like you know, it's great when you pre-worn someone. You're not going to understand how to this ship, but I got you. Yeah, yeah. So, I'm thinking what Chris did. He accidentally, he cap lock Tuesday or he accidentally cap lock Tuesday. And he got all the way to almost the end of the word. And he's like, uh, cap lock soon and took it off. Then he'd provide. But didn't delete the other four letters. I have letters. Those are already there. Fuck off. I'm busy. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think you just gave a few of his that were funny because, you know, I showed an off-friend to mine a couple of a C. Those texts before. And I was like, this means at 50 grams of carbs. This means. It was like, can you just stare at me? Wow. How did you get that from that? You need a safer. You need a safer. Okay. Decoder ring of some sort. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. That's it. What do we got? All right. Hey, Ron. One episode. Can you please tell some stories about your time in Australia living with Nick and Alice in Jones. And just your experiences of the Australian bodybuilding scene back then. I believe Nick may have brought you a car to use. Love the show guys. Keep the great work from simply. He's laughing. Hey, I've been friends with Nick for a long time. Nick did a whole bunch for me. So I met him in 95 when I moved to Australia. And I was a John Davy who owns all the world gyms there. If anyone else, Australia knows John Davy. Yeah. But I was living with him. And I met Nick at the same time at the same gym, archers gym. I've talked about this gym. It was a crazy shit hole hardcore dungeon. It was so cool. It was upstairs. It wasn't a dungeon, but it had a dungeon feel. And but it had a wide open wall like wide open just vented glass. Like a lot of Australian buildings have. So there's you can't really ever prevent the fresh air from flowing in, right? And the ocean breeze just went right through the gym in the front wall right out the back wall. And it was just awesome. And anyways, Nick was just one of those guys. Nick and John took me under their wing. And I was just a kid, 19 year old kid at a gym bag that was it. So, you know, Nick was a sales rep from a saucy. So he would give me like if there was like a return protein that had a broken lid or fucking crooked label or a box that was half open or someone returned something like someone would buy a product and say, Oh, I don't like this flavor and return it. Nick would like give me like all these supplements out of his trunk. Like it was pretty awesome. So, you know, I was getting free supplements and you know, I was getting picked up and driven to the gym by these guys because I was training with them. And it was just it was just a blast. And the car, Nick let me borrow his car a bunch of times, but John actually gave me a car. Because John had two cars. He had this like shitty old $400 shit box car that was still in the garage that he just hadn't gotten rid of yet. And then he had the decent car that he'd bought, you know. So he's like, hey, you can drive that one while you're here. So I had a like a shit box car to rip around in and, you know, they were just awesome. And both those guys didn't end this amount for me. The two years I lived in Australia. Like an endless amount of stuff like just very, very extraordinarily generous friends, you know, help me get a job, help me move, come and live with me. Stay with me if you want it. Car, blah blah blah. I'm just free supplements, you know, just all that sort of stuff. So yeah, great, great guy. That's cool. You know, that's cool. There. I'm gonna bunch more here still. And his and his wife's name is Angela, not Allison, but he wasn't with her back then. He wasn't with her back then. Another one for Ron, real quick here. Where can I buy West Coast Iron T shirts? Love to have one. We do get that question from time to time. West Coast Iron T shirts. Well, we don't have a online yet. We got a whole new new giant batch. I would be happy to mail someone out if they wanted to IG me. Okay, personally. I'd be happy to mail them a shirt. We got some fans that want shirts. They will eventually be online. That's been a bit of a headache. I know I've been saying that for a while, but they keep selling so crazy at the gym that we're having like, I'm like, fuck, if we put these online, we're going to have inventory issues and we're going to, we don't have anywhere to store more inventory. It's a good problem to have, but this is having figured it out yet. You know what I mean? So yeah, they can IG me. No problem. Be east. Ask you guys or us doing push poll legs while cutting low calories are affecting performance. Should I switch to a bro split or add an intra workout sub? Any low-cal intra workout recommendations? I love water. Yeah, it's pretty low calorie too. It's my favorite. Yeah, it's the best for it's the best intra workout. The reason I said that's our casthas because the intra workouts are going to add calories if they're going to do what he's looking for. Um, I find, and this is, I only know what happens with me, but something I work on with my clients a lot in prep is, I'm a pretty firm believer that people walk into the gym tired. They've decided they're tired, they've decided they're feeling their diet and they are tired. They're feeling their diet, but you need to leave that shit in your car. You don't have time for that in gym. So you literally have to just figure out a routine that before you walk into the door of the gym, you're not allowed to be weaker, you're not allowed to be tired. Um, I mean, I used to train the, when I turned pro, I was training at 10 o'clock at night after a full 12 hour day working and stress and everything else. But I would go, I would literally go home, go in my house for short amount of time. I would change, I don't know what it was, but I always felt clean at least if I just, and kind of relax. I would walk in the house, put my feet in my pool, which was cold at the time, put my feet in the pool, and then change socks. Sit there at my table, go over the workout, read it, look at the numbers from last time, write down what I was going to attempt to do to beat them. So I kind of had already put it through my head and then go to the gym and do those numbers. I think a lot of people walk into the gym both tired and they haven't looked over their workout. They're, they're finding out what they need to do while they're there. Like, my log book, because if you don't push full legs, I mean, you're keeping track. My log book was filled out before I got to the gym. I already knew what, I already knew what I had to do, I had, what I had done the previous week, and I would put in small writing what I was hoping to do that day. In some days it was there, some days you'd be, some days you realized during a warm-up, it wasn't fucking happen in the day, because you had a tweak or whatever. But I really think not enough people have a pre-workout routine to get their head in the game, because I don't consider myself superhuman from a physical standpoint, anyway. But I think from a mental standpoint, I am, because I was beating numbers my entire career up to two weeks out. But here's a better concept. People need to focus less on their pre-workout drink and more on their pre-workout mindset. Right? What's more powerful? 200 megs of caffeine or 10 minutes of the right type of music with the right type of visualization, and mentally rehearsing what you're going to do. You know, I'm buying with Keremem or Grimit. I just can't find it. Yeah, it's a nice thought run drugs. I don't necessarily believe a word of this bullshit. Just throwing out the rules. Because either concept that I'm just introducing to the listeners, they ask the style around the world. I was just out the dose of caffeine and hit the gym, but... Well, I just, you know, I'm just thinking, you know, you see people they come in the door, they pound their pre-workout, and while they're pounding their pre-workout, they're having a conversation with their friend. And the conversation goes, well, I girls are the fucking bitch. I don't know what she's talking about. I fucking called her back. Yeah, her friend said this, yeah, but her brother's going to be fucking doing this, and then he's going to sell the house. Okay, fuck him too. And then they turn and they go into the gym. Yeah. And then they go, Keremem, you had to pre-workout, but you're not ready to train. True. And we all do this. Now, this is not like everyone has life. Everyone shows up and their training partner goes, how's the day and you go fuck today was rough at work. My boss was a fucking dick, but we're okay. You know, I'm gonna get, you know, we're on chest day. Let's go. You know, like, yeah, of course you're here where I'm humans, but you got to be able to like, you know. Everyone's got their, their day where they talk a little much. They can't get their mind right, but you know, you still can. Like, maybe it's not till like the second exercise where you finally get your mind right, but just don't give up on that. It's important. I think you too, it's also if you have that. If you got the right training partner, it's helpful. Um, very helpful. I had that happen before. I had a training partner that came in one day, and we always had a great relationship. It was like training with Ron, like we don't really talk a lot. We just, what are we doing next? But, you know, because we kind of just create workouts together, but there's no conversation when Ron and I train Little some week in the same way. Yeah, you know, it's really inappropriate things, but nothing else. And, uh, this, he made a comment about something along in his life early. And I kind of just let it slide. And then he did another one. And on the third one, I said Andrew, I do care. I just don't care right now. So either wait till after we train or fucking go home, because I'm not doing this. And he was like, all right. And he looked me and goes, give me five minutes. I said, okay, he went and did five minutes on the bike and came back. And we had to work out. Oh, yeah, I like it. You know, he understood it. But he knew he had to get there. Wasn't going to be a light switch for him, like flip. He's like, I need a minute. I'll be here. And I think that that five minutes is what Ron is talking about too. It's like, there are those moments. You get a phone call. Rise your walking to the gym, and your kid from school. You're like, fuck. Well, okay, hang on. I'm sorry. I'm not going to take two. Yeah. Then you just reset. Take those couple of minutes. Get back in that mindset. Do not walk over and get under the bar. Thinking about little, little Timmy smoking a fucking vape in school. That's not good. That's douche mentality. Oh, sorry. I don't know. I know. I have to say the rest of the big face rant. What a little more feedback. I had so many people. Here's one. I couldn't believe I wanted people thought I was talking about them. Oh, you're kidding me. Like the messaging. Like the messaging me like, The messaging me like, I'm real sorry. I didn't say hi to you the other day. I was just going to go, I'm like, I'm not talking to you, man. I didn't even notice you were grumpy. Like that's amazing. You know what I'm saying about that is a Joe Bennett. He put up a post one day. And some guy goes, I'm not fired. And Joe responded back and I will seal this for the rest of my life. He goes, I don't shoot shots. I drop shoes. It's not up to me who they fit. And I was like, that's amazing. So that was you. You drop this shoe. And that guy picked it up and said, I'll have fucker fits me perfectly. And shot you a message that said, I'm sorry. When I had a lot of people thinking I was talking about like, people that just look serious in the gym. No, we were talking about that too. And I'm like, oh, someone I'm talking about. I'm not talking about looking serious in the gym or anything like that. I'm talking about that. What was the phrase? People who take a bit of a bit of strange pride in having toxic behaviors. Yes, right. Yeah, that sort of thing. You know that people that are like, they wear their resting bitch face with pride. They like, no, it's on. And they, they hold their chin up with it on and they give it to everyone. And I guess a lot of people message me saying, like, oh, well, I have to have my resting bitch face so that people don't talk to me. And I'm like, I understand a certain look on your face as like an armor. But you also have to be aware that when you then go to interact with the girl at Starbucks, you should maybe smile at her or to your coffee to, you know, keeping your resting bitch face on that has been your maybe public transport armor. You got to remember that it's on your face. And now the three people that you have to actually talk to at Starbucks are, you know, you know, you know, is not making anybody's date better. That's all. Yeah. So it was just sort of like talking about that, you know. When I had somebody comment on it when I put it up and so I'm like, I love when people try to call me out on my post. By the way, it always makes me laugh. But a guy, a guy commented on it because I, I shared that and he goes, yeah, like the reason that you're, you're not smiling and the pictures you posted today on your, on your trip. And I'm like, the thing that makes me laugh is a, you're trying to like call me out. And I'm like, I don't smile in pictures like that because I'm incapable of smiling and I'm like, I don't know how to smile. I'm like smile. It doesn't happen. My brain don't connect to what that looks like. We hold on. Think I got to see it, Dusty. If I were to ask you to smile for a picture right now. I got to see what it looks like. I just gave it. It's like, I mean, it's like I put the soap in. I'm like, and then I'll see it. It was funny because Mickey shot a picture of me. Oh, the camera goes. He's getting more in the picture. He's getting more in the picture. Oh, the camera goes. He's getting one. Holy shit. He's getting broke from the, about bad news. This is going to be fantastic. He's got some. Oh, this is great. Now I'm excited because he had, you like, ran out of the room. He knew. Yeah, this is this one you know. You have a real friend. By the way, let's see. What is happening? We're on. That's no idea. There you go. Watch what we know. Oh, we know what's happening. You're your core. We thought you were going to grab a picture. I thought you had like proof of what it would be. Oh, God. So yeah. So it was. That was the shot that someone tried to unravel me with. And I'm like, Oh, no, I just don't know how to smile on command. You know, and yeah. You know, you know, you can come back. Yeah, I just assume that everyone in a photo of me is like, please don't ruin the picture with that terrible fucking version of a smile. You have. Right. Right. So yeah, that was that was good. I just love that. I'm like, again, you also don't understand what resting bitch faces. Because it's an aura. Yeah. It's not just what they hear. It's an energy. Yeah. Yeah. I don't, you know, I don't really buy that either. Guys with the with the whole being asshole and the gym thing. I walk into the gym and probably say a form of hello to like eight people. Yeah. Before I start training and no one ever bothers me while I'm training ever. Because when I'm actually training like during the the the the working sets, I think that problem and a lot of people don't realize this kind of we talked about an aura. It doesn't really look like a training that fucking hard. So people walk over to you. Yeah. Like no one has ever walked over now when I'm warming up, but I'm like tossing plates on some of the stuff. But they're hey, what's up, man? Like hey, go on and the walk by. When I've got my, you know, getting my mind right and I've got five plates on a bar and I'm about to walk up to it. Never in my career has someone walked over. So you might want to think again kind of like Ronald's talking about focus on the pre workout versus the pre workout ritual. You might want to focus on how much energy you're putting into the set. Because something's wrong. Because I literally am I've made sure I made an entire life. Once I got big I realized that the first assumption someone makes when you're bigger is that you're an asshole. Right. Immediately. There's, there's a, so you need to knock that down the first time they make eye contact with you. And it has to stay down. So when I walk into gym, every person that gym knows that I'm approachable. And then I say hello. Yet they still leave me the fuck alone. I've got 700 pounds on a bar. So you're all doing some role. Well, I don't do the resting bitch face thing. And I think I'm going to tell you guys a story. I think it paid off. You know, I told you I was at the mall the other day. And I wanted, I wanted something to drink. And so we were at the food court. And there was a taco bell and I was like, you know, I'm going to get myself a diet mountain do. So I walked up to the lady and I ordered a diet mountain do. And she hands it to me. And she said, have a nice day. And I was like, oh, I didn't pay you yet. And she was like, oh, no, it's okay. Just have it. And I really think because I, when I walked up towards like, hey, how's it going? You know, ordered the drink. And I asked her, how are you doing today? And she was like, oh, you know, I'm having a good day. You know, this and that. And I was like, oh, cool. She makes the drinks. She's like, here you go. She's like, oh, no, it's free. Just take it. It's like, oh, the shit. That's awesome. But like, yeah, that's interacting with people and giving people, you know, like, yeah. I don't know. I think I don't do the resting bitch face thing. I guess that's my point of story. Plus, I went to break. I got a free drink. Which is for the family. But it's not. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. You paid kindness. I got a question that I didn't. I got a question that I didn't ask on the last one. And I just remembered it because I had an answer for it. Okay. So you've had a question like, excuse me, She didn't. Go ahead. Do you have any, do you have any, do you have any, do you have any habits, whether they're goofy or bad or dumb, that you, that you used to be embarrassed by, but now you've just accepted them. Well, I've never been embarrassed by him, but I should've been for all of them. So, so what is your is wrong? No, because you, you have one loaded. What is it? When they asked me my first reaction was, I, I, I can't help myself and I've always done it. My whole life. But when I listen to music in my headphones, I just can't help but play a little air guitar. I can't help it. It's still doing it in the gym. I catch myself doing it in the gym all time. I was beside them while Brains doing his satin. I'm just like pulling a little air guitar. I can't pull any picture of that. I'm not like doing that. I'm not doing that. I'm not trying to win an air guitar challenge. Yeah, yeah. But I did notice my hand, my, my, my one hand is sort of like, you know, my pick hand is kind of going or something. I was, I can't help myself. There's just, and, and I used to like, I could never caught myself doing it. I'd be like, oh, yeah. Stop. Now they throw the drum. Yeah. I think once you hit 40, I think it's the 40, the big 40. You hit 40 and you're like, yeah, it's definitely air. You don't carry anymore. Yeah. I'll stick on. I'll stick on. I'll sit down and fucking do a drum solo. I'll Brains do a set. Like what I own a place. I'll be playing here later. Yeah. So, but I, I remember that used to be something I was self conscious of. Like, even I'd be standing in line at a hockey game. Wait for like a drink. And they play like a cool song. And I'd be like standing in like, you know, playing just a little bit. Maybe my one fingers just go like this a little bit, you know. That's funny, man. I love that you said that that you did that the jib because literally, yes, down the airplane. We're sitting there and I'm listening to music. And all of a sudden I reach over and I'm like, he moves. What are you doing? I go, you wear my symbol ghost. She's like, Sorry, you got him. You should be standing there. I know. I'm glad I'm not the only one. You know, I actually am waiting to see kids do it. Right? You see, and they're between sets and, and they go like, you know, they're going to put one hand up and they go like this. Yeah, yeah, I've seen that. Kids mix it. That's fucking great. They're mixing my God. Aaron mix it. New generation dusty. That's fantastic. Okay. I was trying to walk through, but I'm so proud of all my weird one. So it doesn't matter. I have no more, no more questions. I did have one more kind of a, though, just to revisit it one more time. Rons at the Am serial killer for eating pizza with a knife and a fire. I just went and it to put it up there. That's all. There's like, there's like, there's really a thing here. Everyone agrees that makes you a serial killer. Not like a weirdo, a murderer. Yeah. But Brian, so what is it? Is it, is it that it's too much, too much control and precision? I think that's like, I think that might be, you know, I think that's still killer's in control freaks and their precision people. In the pride that you take, you know what I mean? Pride you take it. You take it. If you don't do it this way, then you are an absolute just filthy. Wow. I'm not going to talk for one day. I'm a inferior failure. Yeah. I'm a ranger. I'm a ranger. But people want to just randomly eat toppings and wind up with big giant pieces of crust that I've no Topping left on them. I guess that's just not my problem. Ronches drop shoes, right? Oh my God. See, but that's it. I have to say, though, and not that I eat pizza with a knife and fork. But I'm a little bothered that there's more people attacking Ron over the pizza than you with the crocs. You got people that have your back. There's a croc, arm based on their nasty. Listen, you got to be careful. Why is nobody going on here and going, fuck you. He's eating it properly. He's getting the pepperoni on every bite. I've had people that like, if Dusty would just try a croc on, I've had people say that. If Dusty just try a croc, just put one on one foot. Just one. Just one. You know what? I tried that move growing up all the time. Just a 10, just for a second. Just to see how it feels. Gosh, I'm not so black. Okay. Did we lose Dusty or did I lose you guys? We hear you. How's it, Christy? I'm going to get out there. Okay. We're good. We're going to successful. That's dead for episode one, 53 now. Is that what this was? Pretty sure. That was just bodybuilding. Remember to like, share, subscribe, comment. Bring the bell. There we go. Did you get that? We got it. It was a crazy lag on Dusty. So I assumed that came through. But remember, YouTube questions are where it's at. And I hope you enjoy the episodes this week. And we'll get you next week. Remember, it's just bodybuilding.