We're doing Instagram questions. I have a bunch from last week that I saved and then Dusty, I know you put up a question box in the night. So I know that we're doing it today. We can't see any other questions. What else is new? Any other news? Let's go on. We don't really have a lot of news except for the, you know, my daughter's already. How many have you happened since the last episode? Not, you know, other than the attack, it just took place because the dog's realized that, you know, two hours ago someone outside. I went to Canada for one day. So that was cool. I had to go pick up some stalls for the wife. It was good. You know, having in a NAMO bar left? I don't want to just aid it. I brought, I brought those back. I hung out with my father in law for the day. It was a very Ontario experience, Ron. It was very like, like, leather and beer and listen to tragically hip albums. Well, they were drinking the beers and we were sitting there, like in the edge, you can picture this, like sitting in a barn and they're at the edge of the barn doors, you know, lawn chairs, just kind of sitting there like this. I tell rifle, occasionally we're shooting a pallet rifle. And we drank some beers and told stories. Well, I didn't drink the beers. I drink water. But you fit right in. It was good. It was good. I felt like I was at home. I was a little more Canadian now. I do. I'm going to show you a dirty, a quote. Regular shoes. Regular shoes. Like crocs. I'm going to take the crocs to the UK, though. They're coming with me. They're the perfect shoe for the plane. Please, please go back. Go back. You can't say regular shoes. What does a regular shoe? What do you mean, like, say like, how do you balance your head? Oh, it's very, like, you bring my neck. We're in Nike's. Yeah. Metcalfewords in my jam. Who are you wearing? Which ones? Metcons. What do you mean? They're wearing their feet right now. Let me see this. No, I have my, these are the Nike Pegasus. These are, these are running shoes. I don't care. Oh, well, yeah. You just bought those. I remember that. Yes. It looks cool. It reminds me of the shoes that people were when I was a kid. Like in the early 80s. Are you faster in those? So much faster. Faster in the crocs. They immediately put them off course you are. Okay. I'm going to talk either. I have something big. I have something big. What's up? I have something big. My feet are killing me. My feet are killing me. No. I don't think I need a different shoe. And my feet kill me in my chucks lately. And I think it's cousin my biking. Obviously, I'm destroying my feet. They don't hurt on the bike though. Like when I go biking, my feet don't bother me at all. But then the next day when I'm like walking around the gym and my chucks, my walking feet are killing me. So I need to, I need to maybe try a different shoe. A different shoe for while you're on the bike or for while you're walking on the gym the next day. No one will choose on the bike and we're in the high top. They're not chucks, but like they're the ones that the thicker ankle pad around the big thicker ankle part. The high pops are kind of like fancy chucks. And they have a little bit of a thicker soul. And I've been riding in those and I love them. They fucking don't even, they don't bug my feet at all. But my, my, my my going put my regular chucks on my feet are killing me now. So I need advice from our listeners on a shoe to try and I got wide feet. Nike's might not be the best bet then because they're a little bit on cloud. There are on cloud. On clouds. On clouds. You've seen them. Got a pull. I'll pull them up. I'm going to show you my shoe too. This is the mapping like crots. That's the mapping. Oh, that looks like a, like a cross trainer. That looks like it's something you could wear for all athlete type stuff. Yes. Oh, what's this? That's why I just told him to get. It is a training. I always fuck up the which way to go on this goddamn thing. Let's see the soul. I need a flat soul though for are you talking about just like to help my feet normal data. This is good for your feet to walk around him. They have different different different ways like it. And I don't. Yeah. Okay. I like a really nice shoe. I don't want to like what they cost. You're in any more. You're going to be mad at me. But because they're like $150 a piece. Okay. A piece. Each shoe. Each. Yes, of the piece. Skies, not the yours. You're left. Both of them say about this. You have to not get the two R's. I thought it would be like RR. Like a more careful and illogical. No. No. No. Yes. Okay. Those are good. We'll take the listeners advice to it. And obviously I don't know if you should. But these I know that's a real risk. I love to tie them either, which is huge for me. I mean, tying shoes. You know, like, crocks for example, either. But you do have to be dazzle them. You do have to work. It's a lot of work. There's a lot of deep things that you have to give up to where crocks. Like you're a soul. And a soul. Exactly. Exactly. I had a couple of this weekend, by the way. And I saw the one you attacked you. Actually, I called them out, actually. I was like, did you? Fucking shoes. Yeah. Yeah. I'm not doc. I think in the future, I'm going to be like, oh, you want a photo cool. Take those off. Yeah. Or you can take them out of the picture. They can be cropped. But you know, I'm always, I'm always a little more worried when I see that they've got the intensity strap around the ankle. Like maybe they're going to run off. That's the sport mode is actually what it's called. Sport mode when you put your extra active sport mode. Yeah, you do. Sometimes I do it while walking around the block. And you just pull that strap to just like turning your hat backwards. No, there's no bending down around. Here's the way it works. Victoria says, hey, Scott, do you want to walk the dogs around the block with me? Because we do that twice a day to get out of the house. Since we both worked for a moment, I say, OK, sure, babe, I'll be there in just a minute. And I already have the crocks on. I make sure I got my gun. Of course, go upstairs. You're going to show it. We began walking around the block and then I say, oh, hold on just a second. You kick it off and use your foot to just push the sport mode. He's, you know, thing back. And then just flip your foot rest. You can adjust it with your foot, just push on it. There's no, yeah, there's no bending. Does that make sure by displaying that in front of her that she doesn't bother you for sexual activity later or something? It's already been done. It's like that was mid-afternoon. We're done with that. Are you? You could serve me to talk about. You started talking about. Look at me different. I need to make sure I lock this back down by showing her that I'm wearing crocks. And already happened before the dog walk. I don't care anymore. You know, for the day. Yeah. I just, sorry, I had to go there. I had to know. Yeah, fuck. It was crocks. I don't even know. Actually, I saw that in a movie. And it was like two sisters. And the younger one looks at it. She goes, oh, I love that shirt. You put on Kevin. It's just, oh, you do. She goes, yeah, is that a thing? So like no one else wants to fuck him. That's cool. That's cool. That's how I feel. All right, it makes sense. All right. Yeah. Sorry. Be careful when you take their advice on what to wear. You don't know what stage you're at. Yeah. That's a good point. All sorts of advice on this show. You know, all sorts of advice. These are even, I love how guys. I love how you and Victoria, you go for like a nice little, you know, romantic dog walk. And like, make sure you get, oh, make sure I got my gun. Of course, any man that's wearing crocks should definitely have a gun. Because they might be, they underestimate him. Because he's like, you know, he walks as a gun. I'm in my gun, crocks. It's a be a criminal. And you like, oh, fuck. Look at this fucking dude. I'm going to take his wallet and the crocks. And he's not running. Because I'm not running, you know, you're in the crocks. You're not running. And he's got a choice, but to stand his ground. Yeah. You have any other options? No. I was wearing crocks. Okay. But you were like, good boy. Oh, that's it. Futter flight. Well, flights not a goddamn option. So cop show up and they see in your crocks. Like, oh, well, he needed the gun. There's no way he could have defended himself. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, that's fantastic. No charges. No charges. Oh, by the way, I have to bring this up another random thing I just thought of. There was a meme yesterday that actually hurt my soul. It said, I find it funny when people hate talking on the phone so much, but love podcasts. It's the same thing, but no one's recording. And I was like, oh, fuck. I just got had. Like, we do this for hours. Yeah. But it did say millenials, which made me feel good because I'm far too old to be that. But, you know, that's funny. It is a same thing. It is not. But it's time. No. I know. I know. I know crocks. Okay. She said no. Sorry. Okay, so I'm getting my questions loaded because I know that you... I know you got a bunch of fresh ones and I still have a bunch too. So you go ahead with the fresh one. Yeah. I'm pulling it right now. Ooh, that's a scared. That's a valid point, man. Okay, let's see here. Bump, a bum. Just a small one. Oh, I got that picture. See, all of Dusty's questions are private questions about smoking cigars and being a stud. Right? Right. That's why he's skipping over them. Is it God? There's one of these that's in another language. Let's look at this here, Ron. This was... Oh, I do want to hit this one. That was somebody. There was. Look at the cross. She's got the crocks on. Oh, it's good. It's good. She even color coordinator crocks with the gray shorts. It's good. I like those crocks. I got to get another pair now, I think. Where are you saying the Dusty? You had a... Did you feel the silence that we both threw on you just now? Sorry, don't care. I'm feeling that strong. You know, in I have my community. My crack community people... The proximity. Are people. Are people. I know they're standing with me. I miss one. So it's all right. Listen, you Democrats do whatever you want. Oh, oh! He's on the right bench. He's like, listen, I've got a good. Okay, I have to do this because this guy actually asked me this last time. And I didn't answer it even on the, I get a lot of questions and I try to answer a bunch, but I keep it under 50 because Actions of happening is Instagram starts deleting them if you go above 50 answers. Yeah. The first one is gone. So anyways, the guy said thoughts on mutants, woke marketing posts pride month, but ignores Memorial Day. The only reason I'm pointing this out real quick is because although I understand the question, it's a Canadian based company. So if mutants were to start hammering Memorial Day, then we got to figure out all the things that are going on in Japan and in Germany where we sell things and in England where we sell things. And I don't, you know, right, the Memorial Day thing, all they have to do is just wait till November 11th in Canada, and then we get remembered and stay and though everybody goes crazy up here. Yeah. Yeah. So I think that's what's being missed is I think this person doesn't realize that it is a Canadian company. And actually it's probably worth it. It's probably worth it. It's worth it. It's probably worth it. It's worth it. And just you don't mention it because I think people don't realize and pride is worldwide. So there's my answer to that. So I don't think it's woke marketing to say that you're down. Because I don't consider myself woke at all and I have many friends that are gay. And it's perfectly fine. So there's, yeah. So you know, one of the answer that just because I thought about it as I wonder if other people think that they think they caught something that they didn't catch, you know? Yeah. Yeah. It would be like if you criticize the British company because they didn't put up a Memorial Day post with July or something. Yeah. But they're worth it. July or whatever. It's like not their holiday, right? I'm more bothered that some Americans don't understand the difference between veterans' name and Memorial Day if I'm be honest. So if that's just me. That's a little bothersome. I'm like, would you know, in a Memorials for anyways, moving on? Don't think that guy that lives down the street, I'm a Memorial Day. So what do you guys do? You also do something. Is November 11th? That's our remembrance day. What do you guys, I don't even know when holiday is fall until they happen to be quite honest with you. But like for example, what I was joking about Ron was we have Memorial Day and we have Veterans Day. And Veterans Day is like if you serve or serve now, that's, you know, thanks to you. And Memorial Day is talking about people who died serving. So that's kind of your remembrance day then. Yes. And geniuses in the US like to go on and have their moment to post. And remember to thank the veterans today and it's Memorial Day. I'm like, you know, get it? I mean, I'm fine with you thanking veterans every day, but you kind of missed the point of this day. You know, so any who. Okay. So I got that dusty. Okay. Let's see your poem. Boom. Boom. Dude, I am like there are a lot of relations. Sagaar. I think it might went out, Ron. My mic. Oh, you're back. You're good. I'm good. I'm good. Um, GH sub Q or I am go. Uh, sub Q. Because it's easier. Oh, Ron. And it doesn't matter. I just, you could just use an insulin deal. It's like that long to stick it anywhere. Get in your body. But yeah, I would do sub Q. There's, I don't know, see any reason to make it complicated. Are we going to denose in September? Yes. Yes, we are. There was a question. When are you in Ron going to come back to denose? Nice. Denose. September for the Arnold UK. We will be there. Nice. Yeah. Oh, this is actually a good one for everybody. What's your favorite part of your day currently? Oh, after the first dog walk, but before the second dog walk. Before she sees the crox, I know what you say. The sheep are getting every day's image anyways. Ron, What if your favorite part of every day comes every second day? Because it is. That's amazing. It's a bit every second or a third day. Every second or third day, we know when you got time. Um, yeah. Okay. My favorite part of I love having my coffee in the morning and just like kind of getting awake and just like pet in the dog saying the morning to the dog, you know, Emily puts my cup of coffee in front of me and gives me a little kiss on the cheek. Oh, that's amazing. Morning. She's been up for a while. She's already done some cardio and, you know, she's wide awake. And I sit there and sit my coffee and sort of like let my senses adjust for a little bit. I'm one of those people. He's coming to life. Yeah. Yeah. And then, you know, after I'm about halfway through my cup of coffee, I get up and make my breakfast and I enjoy my breakfast and then I get to work. You know, but I love breakfast time. I love breakfast. Yeah. Does that make you a morning person? That's funny because I was never a morning person, but I always loved my breakfast. I wouldn't say the run. I see, but I think I think, because once I have breakfast with Ron on the regular on trips, but it's actually what he's saying is very accurate because even though he wakes up, we'll come down and when we first started eating, it's kind of quiet. Yeah. And we're just eating drinking coffee and then it's just slowly. And by the end, Ron and I have spent four to much time eating breakfast and we are not late. And when you get to the show. Yeah. Yeah. Because the conversation started rolling about 30 minutes into breakfast instead of ready to be getting okay. Let's see. What is this terrible for its body when I show, but in all honesty, my favorite part of this is going to the gym. Unless there's something like special occurring, but I really do like that is my time. I think that's how I realize that this is really what I love doing. Yeah. Because I can't imagine, like when people say, oh man, when I need a cruise, it's because my body's broke. I still want to go. And like, it's very, it's a, I think there is, you know, you talked about this a week or two of a Ron, like, when you love training, this is a different thing. Yeah. Yeah. You know, the funny thing that question, I like the question because it forces you to kind of like, think of a time that you love. But the reality is, is that I spend every day trying to keep everything that I'm doing going because I really love all of it. I don't have, I don't have really days that where I do anything that I fuck the next four hours have to do this. Yeah. I don't really have that at all in my day. And I'm just really thankful, you know, like, I'll get up in the morning and I'll drink my coffee and play some guitar for 20 minutes. And then eat my breakfast and then work. But the work is cool because I'm like trying to help body builders and there's a lot of, you know, it's, there's responsibility too. So there's like, it's, if you feel like it's important that you do a good job. And that's a great feeling too. And Jordan Peterson talks about that too, shouldering responsibility and how that, being shouldering some responsibility and taking on responsibilities actually part of what drives happiness. You know, and so there's that, I have an element to that. And then there's people that depend on me at the gym. You know, I've got two great partners that help out with a lot of stuff. But there's stuff I do too. So there's responsibility there. And I enjoy that. And then I get to train. And when I'm training, I fucking just go back to body builder Ron and I have fun. And then sometimes I get to grab my bike. And that's super fun. And it's like, and it's enjoyable and challenges my brain and my body and all that stuff. And then, you know, I love chilling out on the couch at 9 o'clock at night, 10 o'clock at night with Emily and the dog and watching an episode of whatever show we're watching. And just kind of relax in and you know, enjoy the sunsetting now at like 10 o'clock, you know? So it's like, cool. And so my, and then after Emily goes to bed, I ship away on the phone and sometimes I play a bit more guitar now. Like, and someone asked me, I've got several people who like, oh man, how do you fit in all the stuff you're doing? And it's easy cut down on the bullshit that you're doing. Like there's a bunch of bullshit everyone does. They, like, you can easily subtract an hour of nonsense phone time from your day. Yep. Yeah. Every single person has an hour that they waste on their phone at least, at least an hour. And that hour could be done riding your bike or playing your guitar. So it's not that I have all this free time. I'm really busy, but I fit it in like 20 minutes here, 20 minutes there. You know, an hour twice a week on my bike, you know, I just make it work. I just slaughtered in. And do you can just easily, like, look how much screen time the average person has a day, the wasting hours and hours and hours. Don't tell me you don't have time. Same with bodybuilding. I have your own time to prep my meals. Yeah, you do. I used to tell like my employees that were busy or, or, you know, clients. If you really do think your day is completely full, all you gotta do is, you know, take out your phone and when you wake up at the morning tomorrow at 7am, record everything you do between seven and eight. Then eight and nine, then nine and ten until you go to bed and you are going to find hours. Oh, because you know, people don't realize how much, and I think that, you know, the thing I was going to add to you, what you said, Ron, about the screen time, because I'm not against doing anything you want. But one thing I've been working on and is really enhanced life in general is being present and everything I do. So when I'm driving my car, I'm driving my car and I'm listening to my music. I do not, I am not the person who gets on Instagram because the light went fucking red. No, like, like, do what you're doing. It drives me crazy. It's a thing now. Every single person knows this. The light goes green and you have to honk it the guy in front of you who's back on his phone. Because it's crazy. It has to have it. You know, and I just really do think if you become very present, even when you're doing things, if you're hanging out with your kids who are doing that, do that at a hundred percent focus for however long you're going to do it. If you're watching a television show, watch the fucking show. That's how you enjoy things as well and that's why you can also realize, for example, to me, if I'm watching a show and I'm tempted to start getting on my phone or doing something else, then turn the show off because I don't care about. Go do the other thing. There's a lot of research now about how people are frying their dopamine receptors. Just the social media, constant barrage of social media is just frying the dopamine receptors. And that's why people are so addicted to their phone is because it's just constant. Every time they check, oh, there's another like on my photo. Another like on my photo. Someone else commented on my photo and just a constant like dopamine rush of, that's why you know, Twitter, that's how Twitter got so big. I could be seeing how Twitter literally uses the same rewards as casinos like, you know, you open your Twitter and there's a delay. And then you get the notification number. So you get, it's like, pull on every time you open your Twitter, it's like a little roulette. Tell any how much, how many, how many, you know, oh, fuck I got five. And you hit the hit the little heart and you got five responses to your tweet. And it's the same dopamine receptors as a slot machine. And the same thing on Instagram. And we, we, we, we just have to remember that that's happening. And that's why I really love having hobbies. And that's what drives me to do my hobbies is because I get to be present. Completely present in the moment. Like, you know what I mean? And I think that maybe I'm seeking that out to counterbalance, you know, all the other stuff that you have to do to make a living now, you know, with the phones and all the stuff that's also enjoyable about social media too. But I think it's important to have some balance, like, you know, if you're going to be on Instagram a lot and do a lot of social media. Also make sure you have something where you're off your phone. Like, yeah, I don't know. I think that's what I'm trying to do. Like, you should balance because that's, that's why I started putting up the, the, the photo dumps a week ago because I had a lot of people that like, well, it's really easy because all you do is bodybuild. I had that couple clients say that and I was like, Oh, shit. Because I used my social media to only show you things that I assume you're here to watch me do. Yeah, yeah. That's sort of like light bulb. I was like, Oh, that's all you think I do all day. Okay, that's good. And everything else that I do is by choice, it's typically just fun, but I think it's surprising to people and they're like, Oh, you, because I don't even, like, I barely think about bodybuilding. That's all cruise control. I eat because I'm, I've been eating six meals a day for so long that to eat five or so meals a day is very easy. And I train because I like to and there's no other thought about it. Yeah, yeah. So it doesn't take that much time. You know what I mean? So it's like, Oh, God. No, I spend very little time bodybuilding. I still struggle. I still struggle with that. Like what you say, like, Oh, shit, people think this is all I do. So obviously, I've put like my biking and my, you know, I started putting some guitar stuff up stuff up. But stuff up recently, you know, because, you know, I want to, mode it may be motivated other people to do something fun or maybe there's people out there that fucking love the same music is me. So I can connect with them and they're like, Oh, fuck, runs into this music. And then, you know, I get to chat with them. Like it's happens all the time. Like I got all these chat threads with people now that are like, What kind of basis that blah, blah, blah, like, you know, people, it's super fun for me, right? So there's all that stuff is cool, but I also still have a hard time with like actual real day-to-day stuff. I don't put much of that up on my social at all because I'm just kind of essentially a private person like, you know, the other day I was getting on the ferry to come back. And I like, and I like said, You know, normally I wouldn't post that I was on the ferry because I don't want people to know that I'm not home. Right. Like, you know, one of those people that I don't post that I'm leaving town because in some of them will come rob my house. Like, you know, like I just have, I live in a condo now, but like, you know, back to the day. You know, back to the day when it was not happening. Yeah, but like back in Emmettin, I would, I was always hesitant to post it. I was leaving town. Sure. Right. You know, like, oh, I'm on another mutant trip. Oh, great. Come rob my house. Yeah. You know, so I'm kind of that type of person where I feel like I don't really want people to know exactly what I'm doing all the time. But yeah, I'm still trying to remain comfortable with like, you know, sharing enough to like connect with people, you know? I don't know. Try in. Anyways. I love it. I asked you a question on there. I don't know if you saw it. I think the one I asked. I know that everyone, you know, doesn't realize this. This is actually a good thing to show because it's not only been absence this morning and people are like, why don't you answer my questions? And I don't be one of the newest ones. There's a lot of them. I asked while we were on. Okay, look at the other. I'm out of the reset. Oh, where you go? Has Ron motivated you to think of a new hobby. Well, I know we're already smoking cigars. I know you got this new cigar. I don't really count. Have you subscribed to a cigar? Is cigar not a shadow yet? I surrounded myself with cigar. With cigar. There you go. I did on it. By going there. Yeah. It's actually really cool because I'm so open about the fact that I'm not. And I never plan to be like this is a thing. Like so people will ask me like, oh, what are your five favorites? I'm like, I don't know. You'd have to ask Daniel or Rob because I walk in and I go, hey, I'll do something new today. And I go, all right, get this one. I'm like, okay, I walk back and find it and then I bring it out. And that's what I go with because I know what I like now as far as like the heaviness of a cigar. You know what I mean? And that's about it. So I'm like, hey, and Rob is a friend. Rob is a friend of ours that's a huge cigar guy. I mean, and he knows he's like a run actually is like a run and all things because he knows a ton of shit. But about the cigar. She's like, well, this is from this guy and you can only get this. If you go to an event and it's really cool to hear the story and I listen to it and I enjoy it. And I forget all the immediately. No, they all got all hand rolled. Oh, dude. Yeah. And it's my hand rollers that have had it passed down from generation to generation of hand rollers. Oh, there's so many things too. Like he's like, oh, because I told my there was a cigar. I didn't like, like I did was first one. I mean, why not like didn't you like about it? Like kind of like what are what is like pepper stick? I thought someone had a pepper grinder and was grinding it into my mouth. God. That's not something pleasant. Yeah, it was not good. But it was funny because he goes, oh, yeah, I've heard that with those. Just hold on to it for three years. Like I do not hold on to garbage for three years. No, this is garbage today. Well, I thought that was maybe a feature like guys that like spicy cigars. No, they're definitely is a thing with that for sure. Like I would probably never like it. But he basically was saying some cigars. For for example, like right now, I guess some cigars aren't being aged quite like they used to be before they even released. And again, I can imagine stories. I don't keep track, but there's specific companies very well known for a great cigar. And it was a cigar I did not like and he was like, they probably got rushed. You probably need time. Oh, I don't give time. Yeah, I don't have to either fucking come out and nail your everyday one. We're fucking all really likely. You're out. You know, but one of the things about being a cigar aficionado is patience. You're like, ah, I don't do that part. Which is why I'm not doing that shit. But actually, the thing that I'm working on is I'm now traveling. I've got multiple trips booked that have nothing to do with bodybuilding. And just to go have fun. Where you going? So like what's a trip for what do you think is a trip? Like what's right? Some people are like all inclusive resort. I don't want to do anything. Other people are like Airbnb downtown. Let's walk around. I Airbnb everywhere I go. Some people are tourists. They want to see that they want to see the IFL Tower and the Louvre and the Mona Lisa. And other people don't even care about the tourist shit. No, so I'm going to Costa Rica. Nice. In November, then I'm doing Dominican Republic in August. No, July. And all I want to do is things that people that live there do. I tend to usually bump into people in the game. And then be like, where would you go to eat because you live here? Yeah, no, that's not happening. I'm not working. Okay. But I do do. I am doing it all inclusive resort at the first one. Okay. Because that's my thing. But I'm interested in Costa Rica. I'm renting a mansion. And it's like $17. Like literally when I saw the total, I was like, How can this be $300 a day? It's a fucking house that's like loaded. I mean, you know, I actually send you a picture of it. I'm like, this place is going to be fucking amazing. But I got to rent a car there because you're not like in town. You got to go do this. It depends what part of Costa Rica you're in. I remember that I was I stayed at, I think it was five different places in a two week period of time. All Airbnb and it really cool places. When was this? This was like three years ago. And I remember the first half of the trip. We were more in like, oh, Costa Rican roads are really bad. You're going to have to, you know, be careful with that. And we got there and I was like, this is easy. This is great. This is better than Detroit. And then the second half of the trip we went to another area in the roads were like hell. I mean, the roads were an adventure in themselves. There were areas that we had to like literally cross rivers. Like there was no bridge. But usually the water is low enough that you just drive across the river kind of stuff. The cool thing is that there's so many different climates in the country. So you could be like in reinforced and then you could be in desert and then you could be at like ocean side, tropical. But yeah, the roads are very interesting and a lot of Costa Rica. I'll tell you that much right now. But let me tell you something about me. It's not what's that is this is that this is how I do everything in life. I say, oh, we're going to go to Costa Rica. Yeah. And I say, okay. Plan it. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And then that's it. Yeah, I don't like that. I actually how it really came up. The truth is it's a friend of mine Daniel's birthday. He's going to turn 50 fuckies old. And sorry, the throw that on. And we were like, we were discussing that we need to do something cool for his birthday. Yeah. And they keep his like, you want to go somewhere warm or cold. And then I was like warm. And that was it. That was that was the input that we put into this whole situation. And now there's a place, there's flights. Yeah. There's, you know, everything's done because I'm like, that's the star of your who's driving. You know, once we get there, I will because I said, Okay, so it was all somebody else's idea, but you're still that does not mean that you will not have to deal. You're going to be the guy. No, I can handle that. I just don't want to plan anything. Yeah. Yeah. It's it's an adventure. The roads are in no venture. That's how weekends work. Let's go somewhere new as far as I go into the process. Yeah. Let me be good. And then I just get told what time to be ready and what to where. What what's of my fanciest jeans to put on. Right. It's it. You know, how many pairs can I wear? I'm shooting shirts. Oh, and now because obviously I found my jean company. I have nine pairs of jeans. It's a lot of jeans. Nine. And I have every color of target shirt that's ten dollars that they make. I actually had somebody ask me that just yesterday. They were like, where you get your shirts, my target ten bucks. I put right in the post because I'm so proud of that because I were cheap. I got a shirt. That's funny. I buy a 50 off. You wear your mind. You wear some cheap. You wear some cheap. But that's it. And anywhere like well, again, watch. But that's the thing. It's like the steak with the mac and cheese, right? I'm still white trash. That's dusty. That's still white trash. That was a money. Nice watch. Right. They should have never given you people money. Exactly. That's what we do with it. Oh, that's flawless. So, yes. That's the thing I'm working on now, Ron, is I'm going to actually do things. And even when we go places sometimes, I might stay behind a few days. Like, yeah, England, I might be like, yeah, I'm going to stay for a week. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, I get that. Because I got it. Because I've never had any an idea. When we went to Australia last time for the Arnold, we stayed for another week. Yeah, we went up to the gold coast and hung out. And I showed her where I used to live and all that stuff. It was really cool. Good time. I got a great question for both of you. But I want, I want story with it. The question is, what was the first bodybuilding VHS you owned? Oh, this is fantastic. So mine would be the 1989 Olympia. Damn. He's way down. Yeah, because I remember when I first started training in 1990 and 91, you know, that first year in the gym. Some of the older guys at the gym, like, we're like, hey, watch this. And I remember having the 88 and 89 Olympia on they lent the tapes to me. And then I had two VCRs. So I dubbed them. Yes. The old days were these double tape. Yeah. Yeah. So I dubbed the 88 and 89 Olympias on to one big long tape. And I had them both on one tape. And that would have been the first VHS bodybuilding tape that I had. And then the first training video that I would have owned would have been. I think it was, I think it was Sean Rays first video. Okay. I remember what it was called though. You might have been called back to basics or something. I can't remember what it was. No first. That's James. Let's tennis James back to basics. Yeah. Yeah. And then I remember like clearly getting blood and guts in in 97. Because it arrived in the mail. I remember I started my diet. The first week of January in 1997. And blood and guts arrived on the day I started my diet. Came in the mail. I remember I was lost. Just as every fucking day. Every fucking day. Every fucking day. Yeah. And I remember I was amazed at how identical the workouts were. I was like this is exactly how I'm training. I've read everything and I understood what he meant. Because I'm training exactly like this. Almost identical workout too. So yeah. I remember that. What about you? What about you? What about your scrub? Well, I feel like mine is probably one that a lot of people had. Which was pumping iron was the first VHS. Yeah. You know. And that wasn't necessarily given to me. It was my dad's. It was in it was my dad's because his friend left it at the house. It just kind of like ended up in our collection. But I remember watching that because my dad's friend had brought it over. And at the time we were like the only people in our in his friend group that had a VCR. Like early early days. I was a little kid. Like I wasn't old enough to train yet. But I then inherited that tape. And I remember watching it with my dad and all of his buddies. And they were all. Some of them were power lifters. Some of them were body builders. And they all trained at the same the same gym, the Wayne Rack Center. And Lauren was like the guy who brought the tape over. He was like a Persian Arnold. Like he had his hair cut like Arnold did in the movie. And he'd wear like the polyester tight pants like the Arnold would wear. And like with a tank top and his lats flared out. And he'd be like walking around in sandals or bare feet all the time. That was Lauren. And he was also the guy that got the gear for my dad's buddies. And then there were guys like Gilbert who was a power lifter. And a biker. And worked like he did roofing. And the dude was really strong. And another guy Mike Knight who was a power lifter. And a bike. And a for it form like Vietnam that. Which wasn't that long ago in the early 80s. You know what I mean? So he was like still in his 30s, 40s early. Yeah. And they were just like really strong dudes that were like hanging out. You know, motorcycles, a lot of grease. A lot of nobody had like gym shark clothes back then. It was all just grubby people looking. You know what I mean? He said like you sweat a lot in the early 80s training. And you know, they all hung out watching pumping iron in the living room. And then that that tape became mine. That's funny. That is amazing. I was just like you remember every single person's name. Oh yeah. There was this guy. John meter. John meter who was my dad's buddy. And he did get like pretty good into body building. And he dressed up like the incredible Hulk one time. And came over to the house to surprise me. All green. And like jacked and with a shirt off in like all the kids in the neighborhood. We're like, oh, he's hit the incredible hogs. It's got house. It was the coolest thing ever. It was cool. He was ahead of his time. That's funny. It was fun. You've had bodybuilding your life like in a way that Ron, I didn't like you had someone in your life. It was also in doing it. Yeah. My parents were both they both lifted and I went to the gym with them. And they had like a daycare thing that wasn't always open. So I would sit like with my dad. My dad wasn't a big guy. But he trained with all these guys. And I would sit over to the side in the gym. And I just had like a coloring book with me. And I'd see all these guys lifting. And I just remember the chalk. You know, that the big the big old school chalk bin that they all used. And just the sound and the feel of the weights. Boom. You know, slamming down. It was so I kind of did grow up around it. And then I got involved really early. But then I switched gears and like I went into art and stuff. And I did that up until I, you know, Up until I got clean. And then I switched gears. I was like, you know what? You know what happened? I was like, you know what? I had so much fun as a kid lifting. I wonder what would happen had I chosen that instead. And I was like, you know what? I'm a two-old. I'm going to, I'm going to explore that. And here I am today. That's awesome. I think your mom was the one that was really ahead of her time. Your mom was lifting in the 80s. Yeah. She was good. Like she looked good too. Lauren was always wanting her to compete. And she didn't want it. But she was jacked. She had some good muscle on her. That's cool. Just because I mean, I don't think in the 80s, that was like, I mean, like now, like no one blinks that more than half the gym or women. Yeah. Yeah. You know, back then, I mean, it must have been her and like four of her friends. There were other girls that lifted, but there were a lot more girls that did jazor size. They did jazor size, seeing those real popular back then. That's freaking wild. So I didn't have a single one in the reason is because I found out about the bodybuilding VHS is when I started working at House of Fitness. And they used to have them playing in the store. So I actually bought all of them with my first check. Yeah, every single one that they had. So I had literally all the way from blood and guts. I had all of the, so I guess it would have been up to 2000 battlefield and BS. Then I had the early J. Cutler. I had Kevin the growing that was it's M3 or whatever it was called or. Can't remember. I was in the M3 machine. Yeah. Yeah. We had that one. We had the lead priest ones. I had NASA on the way. So I had a ton that they all got them all at once. And I used to literally be at the store all day long watching them all day, every day. One would run out. I would just take it out for the different one in. Because that was how we sold them back then too was by having them playing. Yeah. You know, it's always laughed because like, Remember when when when Ronnie's video when his unbelievable came out, I was still laughing the impeccable timing of that show. Because of that episode because there's a part where he's trying to, I think he's trying to back. And they got the rap music blaring and it never failed. There's a little silence and then the rap music and the guy goes, Be a show loud and it always happened when there's a little lady at the store. No, no, no, no, no. That's pretty fun. And it never failed. But but I love those things, man. I mean, I have seen, I would actually love to have when they all came back out on DVD. I repurchased all of them because I didn't have a, Obviously a VHS player now, I don't have a DVD player show. There we are. Now I have nothing sad there. My mom, I was unpacking her when she moved here. And I was like, why in the hell did you guys bring all these DVDs? You don't even have a DVD player. And she goes, yeah, we do. I'm like, why do you have a DVD player? She goes, oh, we have all these DVDs. Like, all right, you got me. Yeah, I've been defeated. I was so confused. I mean, like two boxes of DVDs. I'm like, you know, you just watch those on TV for free now, right? Anyways, do your thing, carry on box of bullshit. All right. I know. That was a song. I found a bunch of VHS tapes when I was, like, purging the condo a little bit. And I'm like, fuck, some of them aren't labeled. So I know they're probably my competitions or something. Or porn. Right. So yeah, we're porn. I know I used to label it. I would label it like stuff that no one would want to watch. Yeah. Did you really? I would label it like freestyle BMX. Yeah. I don't know when's watching that. X. X. X. Yeah. Yeah. The tricks when you're kiddo lives at home. Like, WWF. I have a VHSU would enjoy Iran. It's called 1991 The Year Punk Broke. And it followed Sonic Youth on their European tour. And their Vonna was there for part of it. While they were on their tour, they opened up for Sonic Youth. Yeah, they opened for Sonic Youth on that. That was before Nevermind came out. It was, yeah. And it was like, as it was coming out. So they left for that record. You know, they left and it was nothing. And when they came back, they were huge. Yeah, that's an awesome story. I'd like to see that. I've never seen that movie. It's good. It's very silly. Because Sonic Youth, the thirst and more and all in Kim Jong-il, they were very punk. You know, like, don't give a fuck, but just don't, you know, they didn't care what people thought about it. It was interesting seriously. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. There's our Sonic Youth. Did you know that? They were great. Yeah. Yeah. It's a great, super fun show to see. I bet. There's a piece of that part where Kurt shakes up a champagne bottle and checks it up against a wall, too, that was kind of epic. Yeah. It were a punk's man. Yeah. It was punk's punk rock. You know? With jet ones. Oh, let's see. This is, oh, this is a good one. Any gross post show weight gain stories before getting your shit together. Yeah. I do. My third show. I had the worst rebound ever. Um. Okay. So I competed twice already. And I had like a rebound both times because it was in 90s and we were downweight. Go out and eat pizza like three days in a row after the show. And you get like a water rebound. Whoops. Oh, hold my mic. Give me a second. Sorry, look at that. Jed. God, cousin, have it. Got my mic back. Nope. Okay. Nice good to go. Yes. Yes. Yeah. It might, it's, yeah. You'll take, okay. Yeah. So this third show I did was he Alberta's. I want to talk about what I did around the super budget. And I won the overall. And I was 244 and in five days, I gained 50 pounds. Wow. I was too, I was too 94 five days after the show. And obviously, I didn't want that to happen. But I was eating like crazy because I was coming to catch the rebound. So I was eating like fucking crazy. And then I just, you know, the first two days, you gain 10 pounds. You're like, okay, I could just keep eating like this. And then day three just, the floodgates and you're like, put on 10 pounds in one day. And now you're up 30 pounds. And you're like, oh shit. And they're like, well, this can't go on forever. So you do it for two more days. And next thing, you know, you're up 50 fucking pounds. And I went to the doctor. And I was like, hey, and I showed him a picture. And I was like, I was 244, five days ago. And I'm 294 today. I've gained 50 pounds of water. And he goes, no, you haven't. And I'm like, yep. And he's like, no, that's impossible. You'd be dead. You'd be dead. You'd have a heart attack. Your kidneys would fail. And I'm like, well, I'm sitting in front of you breathing. And I'm 50 pounds heavier than five days ago. So I just started like, you know, and then he like, I explained to him. I'm like, you know, it was on super low carb. So I'm probably insulin hyper sensitive. And then I've been eating like a pig and all the salt. And I did the whole prep on low sodium because it was in 90s. Yeah, yeah. So you're super sodium sensitive and just all the worst things. And I used to have a lactone as a diuretics. So now you're a lactone as a cholesterol levels. So it's the worst possible scenario for water gain. And I explained this all to him. And he just stood there and dumbfounded. And he was like, wow. And he's like, so what do you want? And I go, well, I need a prescription for lacics. And I'm going to, I think if I take a lacics a day for 10 days and clean up my food, I can calm things down and get things leveled out. And he's like, and he literally wrote me prescription for lacics. Because you don't want to take out lactone. And then you're just back onto the same fucking problem. Yeah. Yeah. I can't get off of it. So I took a lacics a day. And I remember it was like two weeks later. I was like 275. Right. So I had kind of like, and at 275 I looked okay. You know what I mean? No, I'm only 30 pounds overstated. And you're like, and I remember my ankle went down. Yeah. And then I went to that doctor a few months later again. And he was like, hey, what happened there? And I told him, he was just amazed. Yeah. I was like, yeah, I was, and he's like, you're lucky. You didn't have a fucking heart attack. You know, because I could have. Oh, for sure. I got a plug in here. His, you don't want to notice is that his camera gets fuzzy as he needs to plug in. And watch once he gets plugged in, it's going to clear up. It's going to look better. Or worse to put on what you're looking at. That's, that's Jay will look better in the background. Ron will look worse. Yes, clear. Not a lot to help there. Right. No, it's like me. It's why I cover up with the beard. It's. Wait, wait. Watch. He's still a little blurry. Get, get in a minute. Just watch. Oh, he's not plugged in yet either. Oh, see? Just got to be. Right. Here we go. Okay. Give it a minute. Okay. Just give it a minute. Just give it a minute. Just give it a minute. Just give it a minute. Okay. Okay. Okay. I was just, uh, a sense of rambling there at the end. But Scott has a theory, but I'm not seeing it coming through right now. I'm not either. Yeah. Give it time. Let's see what happened. Once they said that was shitty movie. Once I watched the whole thing. It was terrible. Um, theory. Um, wait. Oh, you're right. Scott, you're right. It's starting. It's starting. Wait, wait. We definitely better. When you're, when you when you're, when you're battery runs low, you start getting fuzzier. And I was like, Oh, we need to reconnect. I think for you soon here. Yep. Your mics in. You're like, send me. And then, and then every time you've said, hey, I got a plug in. Then I'm like, oh, that makes, then you plug in. It gets clear. Yeah. We look good. Look at that. Yeah. Yeah. Not for what we're talking about. We're back. Oh, wait. Yes. The gate. Yes. So, um, I did the same thing. It was my, I think it was my first show, actually. But the, the key was much different than, than Ron. It had nothing to do with a discipline of trying to be a better bodybuilder. I just ate like a complete moron from Saturday, Saturday night, Sunday and Monday. And I didn't even know about that. I didn't know enough about bodybuilding to even realize what, how much trouble I was in. But my kidneys were hurting. Oh. And I was literally, so I had a store at a high countertop where you'd come in. And I would lean over it until customers would leave. And then I would go lay on this box we had in the back. And I was just like, this, this is not good. I don't know what's happening. And it wasn't 50 pounds. I mean, I'm going to say only. But it was like 30 something. Um, in two, two days and a few hours. And I actually told myself much like Ron only in a much more stupid way. I said, if this doesn't, if this pain doesn't stop, I guess I would go to the hospital tomorrow. Because, when I didn't have, at that point in time, I didn't even, why didn't even, I mean, I, it's funny because it was so new to bodybuilding. I didn't even know I was in danger. Like I was just like, this hurts. Yeah. And I mean, like I knew it by kidney, but I didn't know why. And I, what, I didn't use diuretics for the show. But I did pull the water completely because that's all I knew back then. I probably 27 hours. Yeah. The saving grace was that, um, the only thing I realized besides the fact that I wasn't eating is that the only thing I was drinking was like coke. And I was like, I should probably drink water. So I stopped in like an asshole and started drinking a bunch of water. And thankfully my kidneys didn't fall out of my body. But yeah, that was it. But it was funny. Like in hindsight, once you realized I was like, well, I was like completely fucked. And didn't know how much trouble I was actually. Yeah. I remember after my very first show, I used too much diuretic, my first show, looking back on it. I was a little bit of a cowboy. And I remember sitting at the restaurant after the show and I was drinking and eating. And I had like these intense cramps that were just flashed through my body. And like hit and then release. Yeah. And then I had like, um, crazy leg cramps at the table a few times and I had to stand up. And I was so busy eating, but it didn't realize what I should have been doing is rehydrating. I probably. So I remember like halfway through dinner, I thought fuck, I should be drinking instead of eating. Like I started to realize that I was like, not healthy because all this weird ship was happening to me. And I was a little bit like, like, play, stop eating and I started like drinking and drinking and drinking. And I was like, fuck, open off, go to the hospital, I'll help it off to go to the hospital. Because I was like, I'll start to get a little bit worried because I had these really fucking weird cramps happening. And I knew that was a bad sign. And, um, and then by the time we left the restaurant, I was like, fuck, I think you've stopped. And then the next day, oh my god, I was so sore from the cramping. Yeah. Because I was having these hard cramps at the restaurant, like my hamstring, I'm a calf kept going. And the next day, everything that was cramping at the restaurant was like 11 out of 10 dogs. Yeah. It could barely walk. I was leaving the hotel. I was like, oh, like in pain, it was really rough. I did that from my first show. Like the first few, like, she's really all of my first show. Oh, my first, first few years. Yeah. I also remember the the most pain I was ever in from eating. And it was, um, it was actually after my second show, which I wasn't shredded for, but we went to Pizza Hut. And I remember I ate an entire large pizza, meat lovers pizza. And I drank a liter of chocolate milk. Oh, yeah. I'm just mad about the combination more than anything chocolate milk in Pizza. A liter? I remember drinking a liter of chocolate milk with an entire large pizza. And then by the time we, we got out of the restaurant, I couldn't get in the front seat of the car, because I couldn't bend at the waist. I was in so much pain. My guts were just fucking killing me. I wasn't farting or going to ship myself or anything yet. It was like the upper abdominal. Yeah. It was painful, painful pressure. And I couldn't bend at the waist to get in the front seat. So I had to lay in the back seat of the car. I laid down on the seat. I was like, oh, that was in like the fetal position. And we went back to the hotel, because we were out of town. And I remember I needed help getting out of the car. And then I just laid in bed and my stomach was just like, I felt like two cats were fighting in my guts for like hours and hours. And then I was just wrecked. I remember just destroying that hotel room. That's just destroying it. Yeah, I didn't get much, I remember the next morning the guys were like, you didn't get much sleep because I've my buddies went with me. And I was like, I was up all night just shitting my fucking brains out. And I was brutal. That was a worst night ever after a show. I know I find it all. My second contest. I referred to after that after the second show. My girlfriend had done a show two weeks before me. I competed. Then we went for like a four day weekend up north to sleeping bear sand dunes to walk around, take a little vacation. And I now refer to that as the great eat occasion. Because I went up there in good shape. In fact, I have the pictures. These are these were contest pictures. 172 right here. So I was in good view. Look at you. I was in good shape. I was pretty cute. It was pretty cute. It was pretty cute. It was pretty cute. It was pretty cute. It was pretty cute. It was pretty cute. And then after the great eat occasion, I had to be like 210, 220. I can't remember where those pictures. Of course I didn't take them, right? There was no pictures for like four months. But like when you're that size and you put on that much weight, like you don't even look like you. Like percentages. Yeah, 40 pounds from 170 is a different thing. I just remember being at the sand dunes. Because we went out for breakfast. There was a great waffle place with pancakes and stuff. And then we like go to the grocery store and buy all the things we had in bought for months. And then we'd go out to eat for dinner. And we didn't have any planned food with us. And I remember like the second or third day, we were trying to walk up the sand dunes. I was like, I can't make it. My back, my legs, they're just so pumped. It was so much water. And I'm like, I couldn't walk. You know, just that's amazing. Yeah. So I tell clients about that story to tell them. Like first time clients like listen, don't do it what I did on the great e-cation. Yeah, I tell. I just did that with a first time. But just barely. I tell them how much they can eat. Yeah. Because you just, you don't, I mean, forget about the obvious, the danger. But the other thing is you don't want to look like on Monday. You didn't just compete. Yeah. Like that's the one that I remember as once I was okay. I remember sleeping in the mirror and I was like, So I died it for 12 weeks. To look like X. And now I look worse than I did when I started the diet. Like four days later. Yeah. I heard my soul a little bit where it goes at least. So yeah, not good. Harvey, yes. My dogs realize that we're late. It's a wildest thing. They start talking to me. They're like, hey, that's late. There's a long show. It's our time couple shows. We did. That's okay. We're doing our thing. I have to tell them that. I'm trying to set. Don't know if that is. There is. We got a big one to go out on Ron. I have a couple screenshot ones that I liked. Yeah. Where is this one guys? Sometimes you know when they do you know when they do you know when they do you You know when they do you know when they do you know the question. So you take a screenshot. Unless you answer do you know what I mean. Yeah, I know. I know. So here's one for you. Actually, I got a few. Let's get asked about questions. Shoot. Would you rather go back in time ten years to fix a key event or decision that you made or be able to see five years in the future? So you know what to change. Or. Or for sure. See into the future. Yes. Because I mean it's it's cheesy but accurate. I wouldn't want to change anything because of where I am. So right. You'd be afraid of what you don't give everything out. Yeah, like you know it's like those movies where they point out well if you know like back to the future. I thought that was a great piece where anything he did could change everything. Yeah, you know. But I think that that's key because for example you go back and change something in the past. The next thing you know it put you on a street that gets you to car accident your dead and you don't even make it to this point. Yeah, I mean or something else. You know every little thing that happens I'm one of those. I want to call it believer. I think it's a fact that. That's a butterfly. Yeah, exactly. You know, but into the future I will say the the only thing I would want to see are things that are financial. Because I would be afraid again like I don't want to know. Right. Let's say you found out that someone important would be gone or something like that and then you're waiting for that to happen. Because you can't maybe necessarily change it. Even just a shot just a screenshot of your bank account. Well, we need to know why it was that way just because like I actively am. Yeah, maybe be anti-content. It makes like a 10th house. You know what I mean, but it's like, yeah, but I mean, it's like well you just bite your 10th house. Well, there are things though because for example, like it you know like interest rates are changing right now. So the house I'm building. I'm going to be forced to pay more than I want to an interest, which is fine once it changes and I really five. But it's like those are interesting things. It would be nice to know like for example right now. A question I get asked regularly, which I don't know why people think of an expert because I'm not. But like should I buy a house now or should I wait and I'm like, well, I don't actually know the answer to that. But here's what people who know more than me suggested to me. Yeah, you know, it's like, and it's another factor. Well, if you don't have any of that, any houses, I'd probably still like right now it would almost be perfect because it's no longer a seller's market either even though people think it is not. Right? So you've got some you've got some power now, you know, if you're getting your house, I definitely don't suggest sitting around and renting longer. You know, but those would be things I'd loved to know. Like what happens between now and five years from now in the market and when. Okay, thank you. I have everything I need. That'd be great. Just what's what's crypto look like in five years. Well, imagine like imagine back in a wait if you would have known about the market crash and realize you could short the housing. Well, I remember I had I remember in late O seven. I had my my townhouse in Emmett and I had it appraised because I was getting a line of credit. And they praised it. Like it was peak market. Yeah. Like I remember they appraised it and I was like, what the fuck? There's no way my houses were that. But it was awesome for me because I was trying to get a line of credit. Yeah. So the bank just threw this giant line of credit at because they're like, oh, you have so much equity in your home. And then like within a few months the market just. Mm. You can bleach shit. And I was like, fuck, I wish I would have sold my place. You know, but you know, you know, because sold in rebought real quick. You know, it's one thing to sell for six months and then buy. Not even six months like two months. Like it would have been back and buy your own house back. Back and buy your own house. Like just it would have been so funny, right? Because that's what it is. Like do you get out of the market to wait for it to go back down. But then are you out of the market for five years or are you only out of the market for five months? We don't it's crazy to with that run is when when when that all went down. My mom had just bought her house at the peak. And it was on an arm. So when the arm ran out for her to be able to afford the house she was already in, we needed to put more money down. And any other person I would have been like the market's fucked. Let the house go. Who cares? Let your credit take a hit. You'll get another one in a few years. It's fine. Well, my mother's age. I was like, this is probably your last house. All right. Fuck it. We sold some motorcycles that we had. Put the money down so she could afford to stay in the house. And I literally said to myself, that house will never be worth what you paid for. And that's okay. Because you're going to die there. Right. Then you fast forward to now. And you sold it for like $200,000. And you sold it for like $200,000 more than we should have never bought it for that day. So it's one of those things where it's like, that's what it would be nice to know. Because I literally was saying myself, anyone else in the plant is a bad decision. You know, because people are emotional with their house or with like, no, I said to the bank that I would pay this. And I should, well, the bank would fuck you in a heartbeat. Yeah. So don't even blink. If it's a bad move to seek the house, let it roll. You know, fuck it. They'll loan you money again when they forgive in three years when you fixed your credit. So don't worry about it. But yeah, that was the only reason we kept it now. I'm laughing because I'm like, geez, I'm glad I didn't make that as an expert state. Because I was wrong, but I cut behind a grant. Right. So wild. What about you? You didn't answer your own question. I'm assuming you were greedy, but I'm. Oh, I agree completely. I wouldn't say anything about the past. I just have watched many science fiction shows. What about the same thing? Go back 10 years, learn about Bitcoin. Put your money in that and just learn about, you know, It could be, it could be even better. Listen, we know what happened. Here, five years in the future, we could learn what happened. And then you could, you could play off of that 10 years ago, you know, tell yourself about Bitcoin. Oh, but, but what about this? So this is the reason I work at the other way. Scott. Yeah, it's because what if, like, Emily, that this is a great one because Ronald I understand why it's funny because she's not this way, became this entitled bitch because Ron got rich and like got her fancy shit and all this stuff. And the back of his head, he knows that she was a gold mine perfection in the first, and what would have been the five years. Yeah. And now he's fucked it up for 10 years. And now he's ruined that. But then you're going to change it in five years, any way. Well, no, actually, that's the problem. Here's the problem. Here's the problem. Now, 10 years ago. But see, what is it going to do? 10 years ago, I was still in my 30s. If you would have given me like, you know, 20 million dollars at that age, I would have probably ruined my life. Now that I'm also flooring. There you go, or yeah. Not quite. Just bad decisions. Oh, God, that's good stuff. Okay, here's here's one for you. Um, What's the most awkward moment you've ever had with someone in the gym? Have you ever had a confrontation or a fight or is anything ever happened like that? What's the most awkward gym confrontation you've had? Well, I have one of his fans, has he? It wasn't awkward for me, but it was funny. So when I was in high school, we were just starting to go to the gym. We were doing the bigger fastest stronger program. You know, it's what's like five sets of five or whatever. And but we were young and, and, you know, so it was me and two buddies. And we had just finished me and Jeremy had just finished our last set of this thing. And our other buddy had one left. And this old lady walked up, not like an older lady, like an old lady. And she was, how many sets do you have left? And he had just finished a set, you know? And she's, he goes one. And without blinking she was, well, you're going to do it. And he froze and didn't know what to do. And immediately laid down and did his set. See, it was like, you didn't know what to do. And I just remember laughing my ass out because I'm like, Oh, wow, because he didn't want to be, it was just a classic moment of like, I don't know what to do. I'm just going to do what the old lady told me to do. And he just immediately leaned back and went after a set. And we went, oh, of course, and we gave him shit for like years. I'm like, you've got fucking told by like a 75 year old woman to do your fucking set now, bitch. That's pretty funny. Very nice. You don't have much time to wait. It was just amazing though, because, you know, like that's how people are, because in the flip, this is what makes it a full circle thing. The other day we're in the gym. And I overhear a guy yell at the trainer next to me, this old guy. Like he literally like, get that shit away from me. Oh my god. What just happened? This old guy was angry. Like you could see the rest of it. Like, like, anger, like you look at him. You wanted to fight for real. And finally, we go over to the channel and I'm like, what the fuck did you do? He goes, I asked him how many sets he had left. And I go, okay. And I was like, is that probably because, well, he said 16 and I laughed. He said, I have 16 sets. I was like, so he goes, I laughed at him on accident and he lost it. That's funny. He did 16 sets, every. I, I, that's funny. I had that happen to me once. I was, I remember there was a press down I wanted to use. You know, like there's always that one stack that you like for press downs. Yeah. You know, and I went over to this guy and there was just like weird guy on it. And I go, hey, yeah, how many sets you got left? And he listed, looks me dead and he only goes 12. That's what I'm like. A lot of sense. Okay. You might be, if you might, are you being a fucking asshole to me right now? I'm not quite sure. But fair enough. Are you just telling me what I'm going to do? I asked you a question and he said 12. So there's plenty of police. Yeah. So I go do my press downs on another pulley. He didn't like he wasn't mean to me. He just took to me. Go 12. And I'm like, okay. But you were confused because you're Brandon. So it was absolutely. So I go over and I'm doing my press downs and I'm watching him. I kind of watch him. Man, mother fucker did 12 more sets. Oh, he was on that thing for 12 more sets. Like he wasn't being a dick like fuck off or got 12. Like he wasn't like that. He was like, I've 12. Yeah. Like I don't know what the fuck program he was on. But he did like 12 things on that pulley. All the same over and over and over and over and over. It was just funny. You know, you think they're being an asshole? But they're just 12. 12. Yeah. How do you guys do this at five minutes? Five minutes. Which is fine. He was he was super setting a hammer shoulder press with a rope try subject extension. Right. Right. Terrible for pressing string. Yeah. So I told the gig. He's got five more minutes of it. She was just a minute and my gag. It's fine. It gives me time. We sat there. I waited for him for five minutes. I haven't really had any like I'm just trying to think. I don't really remember having like a bad gym confrontation or anything like that. You know what I mean? No. Like I don't really remember anything really bad happening like that. I remember a couple of times when I thought was going to be a fight in the gym. Yeah. And this was back in Emmett and there was a couple of times where I thought there was going to be a fight in the gym because I saw other people like gravitating towards an area. You know when you can tell when something's going on. And I remember I mean that was my home gym. I trained there every day. I knew everybody there. So I remember I was like, well I better go have a look. You know what I like. I went over and I'm like, oh, these two guys are arguing. And you're wondering if something's going to pop off. I saw I got throw a 45 pound plate at another dude before I told story. I told that story before. Yeah. It's a good matter. Yeah. And the guy like jumped us to the side and then the plate kind of deflected to play it off his arm kind of. But then there was a bench like a flat bench. So both his feet got taken out by the flat bench as he jumped to the side. So he just went, like, fuck in over on his side of his head and stuff. He really took a fall. But yeah, that's the only thing. But I've never had anything like, computational. That's why when people don't get along in the gym, I'm like, Jesus. I didn't even get in the gym for 33 years. I haven't really had any. I've seen a lot of that. I've got that hard to get along with people. I've seen a lot. I've seen a lot. I've seen a lot. Just get along. So much. We had this guy who was he was not like everybody else. He would be doing weird shit in the gym. And he was one of those people that had some very good genetic strength. Very well built. Yet I never saw him do any like actual body building movements. And he would do stuff like take two dumbbells and put them on the mass. And then do like a handstand on them. And then do like an inverted press while he's upside down. And he'd do like five of those reps. And then he'd like walk around and he had like outfits. It would all match. You could have a green hat with a green shirt and like green shorts and green shoes. That day. And then next day it'd be like a camel hat with a camel shirt and camel pants. And it's just like kind of a weird dude. Like you could tell like something's a little off with him. And then one day there is this kid Tim who was a, he was classic physique. So this wasn't like that long ago. Classic was around. And they got into it. And the guy just turned on him and just decked him out cold. Broke his orbital socket. It was a mess. Oh yeah. It was, it was like there's so many stories. So many weird weird people at the gym. I told another guy off this old dude. He came up to me one day and he like he had kind of look like fat. Kind of look like fat rainbow. And he had like kind of like mullet. Would wear the headband like rainbow. And he had this. That's like a character in like a character in like a real Korean character. And he's got like this tank top on with like really big pecks. But a lot of fat too. And just kind of standing like this all the time. So the pecks are always out. And he was like, hey, watch this. And he walks over to the skinny little Asian guy and he goes, how many more sets you got? And the guy's like, uh, uh, one more. And he'd be like, well, I'm gonna work in with you. And then he just like bully this guy around and like kick him off the machine. So I remember, uh, I can't remember the story. I can't really retell it well. So, but I did, I did like get back at him. Like he did it to one of my clients. And I just belittled him in the middle of the gym. And made him feel like shit. And just, and because he just wanted to like impress me at the time. You know, with like, watch me bully this guy around. And he's trying to do it to people I knew. And I was like, no dude, your piece of shit. Get out of here. You know, he's gonna do as long as he wants on this machine. Get the fuck out, you know? Yeah, yeah. Fat Rambo. It was Fat Rambo. I think this is the name of today's show is. Fat Rambo. It's absolutely the name of this show. It has to do it. The funny thing is, they'll have to watch right to the end. You even get to the Fat Rambo part. Yeah. Have you met Fat Rambo? Something like that. I don't know. If you went to the Powerhouse, no one. Every gym's got, every gym's got that, that, you know, a couple old guys that are kind of maybe stuck in the 80s. And maybe they kind of do look like Fat Rambo. Maybe they were a headband, made out of a sweatshirt. Oh, yeah. Wait, it's a fan. The J-Color style. I used to do that. You know, I remember there was just one dude at the gym. He used to train at. He would always put the neck heart at the head harness on. Oh, yeah. There's that guy. He played soft in that chain. He was, he got a train his neck. He got a train his neck. It's like dude, you're almost 60. Your cervical spine's had enough. Yeah. Like, like, he stopped. Even just do like, weight of your head. Like, just keep it moving is good. But that's, take the three plates off the chain. Like, maybe, put a, like, I don't know. How much do you have to train your cervical spine when you're 60? I don't know. And she was fine. I've seen guys that work out where you're going to be. We're getting, we're getting, we're getting work gloves. Like, heavy leather work gloves. Yeah. There was a loss of two. I was seeing that. That's something I used to see in the old days. You see the one guy would have work gloves on. Another guy with like, black and sunglasses. Just blacked out sunglasses every day. Every few of those. Yeah. There was a guy in the gym today in Cackeys. And like a regular belt with a tucked in polo shirt on. Yeah. And I, I had to hit, I immediately, like a dad joke hit me so fast. I looked at the guy go, he's here for business. And she's like, he's here now. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. See, that's one thing I couldn't do. I, I, I was at a point where I could wear cargo shorts to the gym. Yeah. Remember the cat, the gas, the camo cargo shorts that were down to the knee and there. Yeah. You can do that. So I got to a point where I could wear those to the gym for arm day. Okay. Yeah. And I trained out for the leg. You see or something? No. No, you, because I'm wearing a normal belt. Like I've wearing a belt with them, right? Yeah. I can't, you can't train a nose. That's, that's, for arm day you're okay. Because you got to wear a cool shirt that looks like you're training. You got a nice big t-shirt on. But for, for something else, you're basically wearing street clothes in the gym. Yeah. Yeah. You know, there's some noise by that. And even, and a lot of my friends break my own mental rules. Like with flip flops in the gym. Hey, my training partner shows up with Magasins on half the fucking time. Does he really? Yeah. One of our losers friends wearing Magasins. What are we going to do? You know? I don't wear cracks in the gym. I don't feel good about that. No. No. I had a client came over the other day. He was looking for a vehicle. And he was going to be in town. He lives like an hour away. Homsa. Shout out to Homsa. And he came in and he was wearing khaki shorts. Like the cargo shorts and he had like this. I saw that. I saw him wearing. Yeah. He was wearing a shirt on. Kind of like a nice dressier t-shirt. Plus it's a good look. I can't do the pink t-shirt. It doesn't look right with my skin tone. Dusty. You do the pink shirt that we're too pink. Anyways. Yeah. It just doesn't look right. And he had on flip flops. But it's like we were doing arms. So I was like, OK. But when the first thing I asked him when he walked in, he didn't have any like a bag with him or anything. I was like, you didn't get to change anything. He was like, no. Yeah, those guys. I don't get those guys. I'm here to train. I just came in my normal street clothes. But we were just doing arms. So it's like I get it. I know. I still got to carry it bag just to feel like I'm going to the gym. I have to call these people out. It's got anyone who's wearing anyone who's wearing flip flops or sandals to the gym. I don't know what world you live in. I don't. I know we've had J.P. on the show. But J.P. is his E lives in his own world. I know that. Yeah. And this is his own private gym. Homs is from Morocco. So there is that. You know, there's that call. I guess there's that call. I guess there's that call. The thing that you take and then you consider it. People from Morocco. You know, they just brought that. They're like good with sandals. They're like, it's just a joke. I mean, there's more sandals in their blood. I don't know. But just chill. You know, bodybuilders, they come into the gym. We're in sandals and flip flops and they're training shoulders. Yeah. I wear downbell shoulder press. Pressing the 120. But I would never train. Nothing with sandals. I wouldn't go to do triceps and sandals. No way. You know, one thing I hate is I don't want to have a gym where there's a bunch of rules. Because I hate rules. Like, I don't want to have to have a bunch of rules. I'm an all-freedom guy. So I don't want to have a bunch of rules. But just I'm just worried you're going to fucking. Cut a toe off. You're just. Oh, so cut. It's fucking hell off, man. You know, where some shoes at least keep your. That least keep your severed toes in your shoe in a pouch. Yeah. And a pouch all the way. I'm going to throw it. I've got broken foot. I've got to leave on it. Because if you drop something on that foot, it's going all over my other dumbbells. And then what's going to work here and try to work there. And now you just made a cleanup project for me. Whereas if you drop a weight on your Nike Jordan and crush your foot, you just take that shoe. Take that shoe out. Go to the hospital. That's your problem. Yeah. Don't. Don't you're a bully. Yeah. Look quickly. Don't the bleed out of the shoe. You'll make it. But I don't. I don't want your problem all over my weights. Yeah. I'm going back this back this. Wait. So it's good. So. That Rambo with sandals on. That's our nightmare. Hey, can you throw him? Ben. Okay. It's a lot of good and valuable information in this episode. I think that's it. Just because I'm fucking starving. Yeah. Yeah. You know, we're going to be a lot of people. Realize we gave up like a half a day. I started at 10 30 and it's 140. I'm full of these words like check-ins to do. Still. Yeah. You got a bunch of people that are wondering what the record is. It's 445 here. Yeah. So the days like over. Yeah. I know. Okay. I got to go. Remember everybody like, share, subscribe, comment, and ring the bell. Ring the bell. Ring the bell. Ring the bell. That's the ring the bell. Ring the bell. Re-next from Dusty. It was. Okay. Remember everybody. It's just bodybuilding. What about that show next week? We have to ask her though because she's a train. Yeah. We've got to find out what she can do because I can do Sunday if you want to go early. Okay. I can do that. Awesome. That's a thing. Oh, actually I can't. Okay. Sorry. I can't. You're going to be there. Yeah. I'm going to be there. Yeah. I'll show you our message real quick. I just want to rebook. Does she want to go live on Wednesday? I don't know. I don't know. Wednesday and traveling. Okay. Yeah. Like I'm gone Wednesday. So that's for the trip, right? Yeah. So my plan was going to be like to do is little as possible. But get the show edited literally like after we record it. I've got like a few hours left in the day. I was literally going to edit it right then. Upload it. But schedule it to come out Wednesday because Tuesday. I've got to like do all my shit to leave Wednesdays. Wednesdays. So what did you what when did you want me to reach Keshe for that? I thought you said Tuesday Scott. I mean like a day. No, that was my idea. Yeah. Tuesday. I'm kind of the shut down because I have another show. I could have done Sunday but Ron's gone. So I'm really just back to what day that the earliest. I come back. Like for a week. I'll be gone. I'm going to look at the can't open in the calendar right now. So I'm the earliest I can have her and then I'll let her go. All right. I've got to go. I've got to go. I've got to go. I've got to go. I've got to go. I've got to go. I've got to go. I will be back by like the sixth. Okay. The sixth of July. This is where we're getting. This is all getting a wacky right now. Why is that? That's six. The July. I'm going to hit a button here. We're going to go dark for a minute but I'm still here. Yeah.