Hey everybody, welcome to It's Just Bodybuilding Episode 155. Dusty Hanshah, Scumming Naly, Ron Partlo, you know the deal. I hope everyone enjoyed the Dennis Wolf episode. It was a lot of fun for us, we would love your feedback on that. And like, share, subscribe, comment, and... Read the bell! There we go. It's different. Yeah? Hey, it's different with the dog's birthday in the background. Let's keep it on. And remember, mutin' is helping out the show. So if you do want to... If you're in North America and you want to order online, it's iemutin.com. And you can use Dusty 20 or Big Ron 20 as your code. So knock yourselves out. Hey? What's going on? It's gone. I love the Nirvana T-shirt. It's a throwback. For us, people like us, we knew when the shirts first came out. It was a forceful force. There's 14-year-old girls that never heard Nirvana that are buying the shirts from Targette. Which I guess is one for Targette. They don't even know that on a plane is played and dropped D. They don't even know that. I didn't know that. There's actually... That shirt is in my house, so you are absolutely right. Yeah, it's... Told you. Yeah. I actually saw it, I believe like a day ago. I was like, I remember. I had that. Yeah, no. You guys are... Are you guys aware of my project, nevermind? Thing that I'm doing? Uh-huh. We talked about that. Where I'm learning how to hold that. Oh, I'm not. Yeah. It just sounded bigger when you said project nevermind. Project nevermind. That's what I'm calling it. That's how big it is in my head. That's what big it is in my head. It's coming along. I don't know if you guys have seen some of the clips, but I'm pretty much over half done the album. Nice. You know, some of the songs are easy, so I just get them out of the way. But it's coming. But I'm gonna finish it. I'm determined. So I appreciate all the Instagram love. We've actually had people... Well, somebody else. And I thought it was a great idea. You should serenate us one day on the show. Oh. Yeah. I had a feeling that's what you're gonna say. But I thought it was a cool idea. Yeah. I just feel like that's what you're gonna say. You just pull one of those guitars down. Pshh. Plug it in. Yeah. Well, I got the acoustic here. I could just go out campfire. There you go. You know. You know what I mean? That would. Sure. Translate. Translate. Perfectly. Right, Dusty. I feel it. I feel it for sure. I've been actually... I've been pausing. Keep in track, though. I've actually been a... I've followed your stories more now that you've got this... Nevermind project. Happen it. No. No. It's been a lot of fun. I'm gonna have a fun playing this. But let me ask you, you gotta decide right today. The weather's good. I don't know if it is, but it is. In my mind. The weather's good. Yeah. Pretty good. But you're also five and pretty good. Do you grab the guitar? Do you grab the bike if you're gonna do one? Who? You grab the bike because the bike is 100% weather dependent. And the guitar, I can do that at night. I can do that at any time I want. Yeah. So if I ever planned to ride my bike and it's raining, I come home and I replace that time with guitar time. And I try to like always get better at something. So I have like two different things I can try to get better at at all times. You know what I mean? I have never thought. You know, because dusty, one thing, one thing that dusty has taught me as a friend. Which one? When he first used to say it, I was like, ah, that's dusty. You know, but then I'm like, wait a minute, I sort of thinking about it and I'm like, maybe that's, is that the best way to think? I'm like, I don't know if it's the best way to think. It might just be an effective way for dusty to live his life. I'm really curious. Sometimes I say it to myself now. I go, I may be dusty's right and this is how I should view things. And I'll say it to myself as motivation. And the thing that it is is life is a scoreboard. That's a fact. Right. He sees everything as a scoreboard. Okay. And so my, my thing about that is, is that it, is that the best way to see life? Because then do you start like racing to get to the door before the other guy all the time? Like, I got to get to the elevator before that guy is everything become a scoreboard. Like every single thing. And I don't know if that's necessarily a great way to like be. But maybe maybe for some people that's hot. That's like, why don't we get things. Every single thing that's happening. Every single thing that's happening. Every elevator. Just in one sideways. I don't know. People are reaching for elevator buttons and he's slapping their hand out of the way and hitting the button himself. I fucking beat you. Yeah. So I'll try to fill up his drink the other day at the circle. He brought that shit up. I knocked it out like Matumbull. I'm like, no. Yeah. Me, the first. Yeah. Life is a scoreboard bitch. But you know sometimes I'll. Sometimes I'll. Sometimes if like I just need a little bit of motivation. You know, like, you know, we all have times are like fucking pretty tired. Yeah. You know, I don't know if I'm gonna, I don't know if I'm gonna play guitar tonight. Oh, we lost Dusty. Yeah. It had to be. Did we lose Dusty though? Did we lose? Is that a loss? Maybe. Maybe today. Maybe today. Maybe today. It's not meant to be. Like it was meant to be because he's been. Yeah. Yeah. Interesting. Because the dogs have been barking so much that I was clicking mute so regularly during the beginning of this. That when Jed barked, I clicked and I was on hang up. Yeah. There you go. That's like saving my fucking dog. Jesus. That even my dog. There's nothing I can do about that. I cannot stop the sound, but here I am hanging up on the whole. I stop the show for you, Jed. Oh, no, we haven't problems. Now I've got no sound at a wrong. Yeah. I hear you. Did you mute yourself? We can't hear you. I saw him. Did he mutt? Did he touch the mic? Am I good now? You're good. Yeah. Who the fuck is that? Guys, no more buttons for the rest of the show. This is your protection hands away from the buttons. No more buttons. I will do the rest of the show like this. And also better looking if I do it this way. There we go. There we go. So yes. Okay. Let's move on. Every time I try to say something dogs were barking so that's just laughing. Okay. My dog's were barking. I had to break the rule and touch the button again. Okay. Yeah. So let's touch on somebody building dogs. Whatever. Let's touch somebody. Let's touch somebody. Let's just start with. Yeah. I guess, eh. Is that the new parenting? Is that how the new parenting works? It's not been wrong with it. It's cool. Okay. We had another pro show. Antoine's going to the Olympia. What do you guys think of that? I thought it was awesome. But I thought what was even more awesome was the post you put up today. Yeah. He put up a great post to that up. Scott. But his post you put up today. I did not realize how recently the last rehab stint was. Oh yeah. And yeah. Damn. What a fucking comeback. I mean, this is these last two shows the best he's ever been. Yeah. And he's coming back from torn muscles rehab. Which post is this? Because I'm looking at his Instagram. The newest post. Yeah. The newest post. Yeah. I'm not getting sent to you. Yeah. Why don't you please? I'm on it. I mean, he was just in rehab last year. You know? Yep. He said he's 422 days clean and sober. That's great. You know? And he just gives a really detailed thank you to, you know, all these certain people, obviously. You know, he's got a great crew around him. You know? So yeah, it was just a really really well done post and a classy post. And, you know, I kind of makes you wish that. All right. Kind of makes you, you know, realize and remember, you know, when I was competing. All the people that really made it possible for me too, you know, and it's just a good reminder, you know, so he had quite the crew around him because he went through a lot of shit. So yeah. I'll read the beginning part of it just because I thought it was so interesting. You said a year ago at the beginning of July. So literally a year ago, as coming out of my fifth rehab for drug addiction with the arm Sona brace from tearing my other bicep during the during a relapse. I lost all the games from the gym that I had made from a couple of years prior. It was about to lose so much more if I didn't check myself in. My friends, my home, my finances, my family, my life. Fast 40 year. I'm 422 days cleaning sober. Just won the Chicago Pro and Claude Fedfield limp again. How did I did it? You might ask yourself, how do I do it? That's not what happened. How did we do it? Is it right? Question that I can answer. And that's where he goes into the key people he wanted to thanks. So I just, I know some people I've had some experience. I actually had an employee that was a friend of mine that I had to take to rehab. And just for someone who is sober, going to rehab facility and just sitting in the lobby is something I have told people like I would take kids to do because it blew my mind to see people in that kind of pain. Sitting there, shaking, I mean, I saw things I saw a guy literally in the way in vomit, fall down in it, lay in it, not get up. And this was my entrance into rehab facility that I was taking someone to then seeing people just shaking and pain and all these things. And so to imagine bouncing back from that, 422 days, days later and winning a pro show at his all time best. And remember he's coming off of two bicep tears I believe that would hit orbid surgery. And by the way, they're still way better than mine ever worked. It's like, okay, so you got the best surgeon, the best genetics and he's just he's so he used, I feel like he was a machine that just executed. I loved seeing him win already, but when I read that, because I had no idea. I don't know how, but I missed that he had another rehab stand and seeing him give the credit and then also seeing the people around him. He's got a new girl and his corner that's been there for a bit that I guess he really credits a ton of stuff to tell him his success. He's back to enjoying life and you can see it. And I mean, I've been a fan of him since I was coming up just because I thought he was one of the few people in the industry that was truly doing it his own way. Like even the social media part, like he's not trying to figure out whatever one else is doing to work just like you said this posing routine, Ron, like he's just himself and people love him. I mean, how could you not? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, good to see, you know, it, you know, we get a lot of bodybuilding, especially social media is a lot of hey, look at me, right? Yeah, sure. Look what I did. So that's a good like sobering post and not even to use a word sobering. And then even mean to pun that, but you know, it is a like a, you know, wake up call type of post for a lot of people to read and just remind them of the people around them that have helped them out. So it's good reminder, humble ourselves, everyone can read that post and maybe humble themselves a little bit and you know, take a moment. So yeah, definitely good idea to point that out. I got to congratulate, I helped a classic guy. That jaws guy, John Lee, I helped him again. He went down in hopped in Chicago. He was in the top three. Hell yeah. And yeah, he nailed the nail to third there and collected more points. And he ate for, he ate for a day and a half and he, he just, uh, text me this morning and said, let's go to Dallas. So he, he got top three previous at the last show too. Yeah, he got second at the van. Second at the Chicago pro. So how many points does that give him now? If he does another show is that mean even if he doesn't win, will he be getting close? Well, I mean, I think if you, you know, anyone with, I mean, let's say he goes to Dallas and nails top three again. I mean, yeah, I'm sure he's definitely high up in points compared to most people. Yeah. So you'd think that would kind of put you near the top of the list. But, you know, I believe he can win one of these shows. I mean, if you're consistently top three and it's no fluke, you know, second in van cover and everyone's like, oh, wow, Dallas Canadian show. Okay. How about top three in Chicago? Yeah. There. How's that? You know, let's go to Dallas. So yeah, yeah, pretty excited. And it was funny because after pre-judging, he said, well, I'm in first call out, you know, I think I might be battling for third and I said, okay. Just so you know, I'm going to be in Dallas in a couple of weeks with a widow. And he just rolled that out there. I'm going to be there anyways with Ditto and he goes noted. Nice. So yeah. So yeah, so we're going to have a lot of fun. Dallas is going to be a blast. And I've also got a guy doing that amateur show. The next day. So I'm going to stay for that as well. I got a guy at a Texas, Mike Harrison helping him out. Nice. And I'm pretty excited to go down and you as shows are funny, you know, so it's fun to go to like a big show. So yeah, looks like Dallas is coming up on my schedule. So I look forward to seeing anyone who's going to be at the Dallas show, you know, definitely let you guys know that I'm coming. Hey, let me throw in an actual like bodybuilding technique question here for you. So if he just competed this weekend, he competed at that previous show. Now you've got him doing this next show. How what what's happening right now? How are you managing his nutrition and everything to get him to be able to get again? So he has to be 180 for his height. So 180 says cut off. So he was like, you know, like 178.9 at Vancouver and like the same at Chicago 179.1 or something. And then probably like 180 181 on stage, hopefully, you know, but you know, obviously between shows we only had six days. We only had six days because he competed Sunday. And then he decided Monday to do Chicago. So he had already he was already one, he was already a hundred and ninety to ninety two pounds. Right. So he went back on one card meal, so just protein and veg protein and veg with one card meal. He went back on that Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday. And then he made weight Thursday at 179 or whatever. Did you have to cut water in the happen? No, he got up that morning and ate breakfast and drank a liter of water to get himself pissing. And then he just held off. Okay. And he waited till 3 pm. He made weight and then he immediately rehydrated completely. Like put down like two liters of water and a couple of giant meals. And we got him up to like 183 overnight. And he we can't cut water on him or he gets flat. He has to keep hydrated. And he just drank all the way till like midnight Friday night. And then on Saturday he probably had. Fucking two liters of water before he went on stage by the time he went on stage. He kept drinking with his meals and all that. And yeah, so it worked well. But then he picked out for a whole day and a half. And he got so fucking hard and full. Because remember, we died at 60 pounds off of them. And we didn't really have time to have any high days or cheat meals. It was like the race. Yeah. So what you wind up is and you have to make weight. So you don't have a choice. You have to be 180. And then you have to compete right away after that. But now we realize how big he actually is. Because like it. He's like 190 pounds and I think his glutes were even more strided. And it's like, well, hey, like making 180 is going to be the thing that is going to be the Bigger. You know, you can't, you know, you don't expect it. You can't look like this easily after, you know, ramming yourself down to 180. It's, it's hard. So I made the joke the other day. I was like, hey, you know, maybe you're a year away from 212. He kind of goes, he goes well the way I look. The way I looked yesterday morning. I wouldn't have, it's not that, you know, we're not that far off. So anyway. But he's got to be 180 again. So long of the short is he's just back on two card meals. He's got some oatmeal and some rice in one meal each. And that's it. Low calories, hour cardio, back on everything. And he'll probably piss down to 180 by the weekend. You know, he's got two and a half weeks now or three weeks. So he'll probably be 180 by next Monday, maybe. And then we're back in the clear, you know, nice. So just low carbon for a while. That's all, you know, pretty simple. So I'm excited. Okay. What else going on? What's new at Dusty? Not much. I'm just back in the gym and sore. I picked that whole week off and the whole first time. I've been talking about years. Yeah. I took, I did, I did arms alone on Saturday. And I woke up this morning Monday, try steps and biceps. Destroyed. I had to gun them with the, uh, with the there gun before going into the gym. And then just, that was the biggest struggle for my pressing today was, yeah, my fucking try steps of biceps hurt. But, like, I was up to, I mean, it's fine. I'll get him up to solid 17 like they were in my prime and be good to go. There you go. There you go. What about you Scott? I, I'll tell you guys what. I think I'm back to training consistently again finally. Like I, I think like the health is there. I think that it's going good. So I've actually been training about four or five days a week now. And I'm not going crazy with it. But it feels nice because I've had to spend that last 18 months feeling like, I'm, this might not be my thing anymore. It might not be able to do this way. I love. But, and I might not be able to do it the way I used to. But I think it's coming back. So I dealt with that. I didn't get to follow the show a lot. I had a funeral to go to on the weekend. But, you know, I'll tell you that just, I'm watching my mom's dog right now. So we have like a whole pack of the house. Victoria is on like this crunch line for her PhD right now. So it's just kind of like a lot of not fun stuff to talk to about on the podcast. You know, like stress stuff. She's like, you have you seen, um, what's his name? Uh, Santa's little helper from the Simpsons. Yeah. Yes. He looks identical to Santa's little helper. And he's like six months old and he's timid. So that's he, my, my American Bulldog pit mix used to be my gym dog. And she'd hang out with me and I tell her, I tell her, okay, get back. Because I'd be doing like some heavy dumbbells. And she just like take a step back. She'd hang there, you know, let me do my thing. I could scream if I needed to. And she'd go like, yeah, it's just what that does. This dog is kind of timid. So I did like one set. It wasn't even really hard. But I might have made a little noise today. And I put the dumbbells back in the rectine even drop him. And I look at him. And he's like, covering over in the corner. And I tried to pet him and he peed a little bit. So I realized I don't have a new gym dog out of him. He's, he's not jubilant. The quality. You can't get my gym dog material. Yeah, Betsy was upstairs just shaking your head. She has bad hips. So she can't get down the stairs. Now she's going to be an old girl. But she was disappointed. I should get one of those. Why don't you get one of those chairs that the old people have that comes down the steps. You just sit that's the old. Oh, I should get one of those. I'll work on that. Oh, work on that. Yeah, you can even get it. Get it. Get it. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's going to get a pulley. Get a pulley. Yeah, you can just like, lower down. Yeah. Yeah. You don't have to do it herself. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, you can't. I'm here to help you. Oh, thank you. Thank you. You can't pick every dog up. Training. Dusty. You can't pick every dog up. You can't pick every dog up, what it used to be because Betsy's not there could be it's not. You know what? I see I see a musical montage video of Betsy coming down, pulling herself down so that she can be with her dad in the gym. And then that and then it gets reposted on the dodo. Oh, yeah, Instagram. but wait it's millions of views. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. I just had a realization though. Is it her hips? Or is she trying to avoid the fucking crocks? Yeah. You should wear some other shoes and see if her hips are as bad. There's just walks down the damn stairs like, thank God, Nike's. Yeah, I don't wear the crocks while I'm training. Just it's like an around the house. Oh, okay. Yeah. I think you guys enjoyed the photo I sent you guys of that crock decoration I found on my floor. My gym. Yes. It was a rock. It's got 242 of a dog ran crocks. I saw that. Oh, nice. Yeah, jiblet. That was a jiblet. That's what those are called. Oh, okay. I actually, you know, there's things. There's a very short list of things that I wish I didn't know. And because of your brain, you can't unknown. Yeah, you were holding a jiblet forever. Oh, God. So what everybody wants to do is come like you tested. Hold up. This is something that came up with a climb. You need to have your IQ test that we've decided to do. They'd be interesting. Yeah, that'd be curious. You know, I've always been like a freight of getting my IQ tested because I like to think that I'm an intelligent person. I think that. Remember that that sign felt where we're like. They, they cheat on the IQ test and still fail. I was thought like, what a favorite. What if I write it and I'm like, I get like a 90 90. Yeah. We're even if they just told you like you're just, you know, your average, you know, or slightly below average, you know, but you're good. You'll pass. You'll pass through everything. Don't worry about it. You'll be able to make it in life. That'd be a lot of interesting. But this is, but IQ, I just had a good look at this email game. IQ only measured your capacity to learn and retain knowledge. And your retention is not human. Well, so I'm very, very curious. Like we didn't have a book below if we're on this to do this because, you know, I have a feeling that it's going to be pretty much off the charts. Well, retention is a strong point of mind, even with the years of abusing my brain. I'm still did pretty good, you know. I got my number. I spoke to a bunch of weeds. I talked to a bunch of weeds. I see Ron at 165. That's my number. What's the actual money on this? What's the genius? What's the genius? It's the genius, right? Dusty looked at up. That's how I'm on it. But I'm pretty, no, I mean, that you're already well above at 165. It's, um, yeah, I know I think genius is 130. I know it might depend on what category you're doing or what test you do. But Victoria's parents wouldn't let her get tested. They, they said they didn't want that to affect her future. So she doesn't know, but she is genuinely the smartest person that I know. And she has the ability, you know. 144 is moderately gifted. 145 to 159 is highly gifted. And 164 to 179 is accepted. And 180 and up is a fairly downly gifted. So what's your genius? Is that not a proper term? See, the cost down now. I don't even know. But you'll get idea if you learn it. They say Einstein's estimated IQs were read or let's see. You're what's in your. Oh, my mom. That's what I've skew. IQ scores range from 205 to 205. Wow. So that's when you're at the point that like you can't function in society very well. You know what I mean? But well, no, because the problem is this though, is your, no, you're, you're IQ and your EQ are what the sides. So it's somebody is got a very high IQ, but their EQ is like zero. They're the ones that because they also can't even identify with how fucking stupid everyone else is. Oh, like that's so brain. You got to be here. Here's why I had the number, I had the number 132 in my head. And that's because you have to be, you have to be 132 to become a member of men's that, which is like that federation for smart people. And if you don't have a 132, you can't get in a men'sa. So. So yeah. You got to be pretty smart. Can we pretty smart? Yeah. So what do I say? This is something I'm very curious about. Actually, dead serious by my client who sent this to me. He actually said he's up. He's follows the show as soon as Ed Graydude. He said I would love to know what wrongs is. See, I don't want to wind up finding out it's 89. Yeah. So you've been high enough to be a dishwasher in the army. Next thing I know. Wrong says something. I'm like, it's probably not right. Right. Right. Yeah. Stop believing me. I'm crazy. No. Luzel credit. I'm pretty sure that Kurt Cobain was not the lead singer of Nirvana according to this. His Ron said it was. Yeah. He's an 89. He's an 89. We're just getting, I'm going to get him a bunch of new meat and shirts say 89 on them. Yeah. Why does he say 89 and yours is 95? Well, yeah. I think you have to have a 90. I think you have to be like at least a 90 to get into the army. So in the States, though, as long as you're not straight, you can jump right in. Oops. Can't say that. Yeah. You Americans. I don't even know what's going on down there anymore. I, did you're president of cancer or was that an accident? Like, is it that just the dementia talking? I don't know. I miss something about these. What? Oh, we said. He's not my president, but I'm sure. I don't know. Didn't he say something like millions of Americans like me have cancer? Didn't he say that? I mean, like wait. Wait. The man cancer? Yeah. Yes. But no, but he does. I'm COVID now. So that's how it all got thrown out. Well, I'm just glad there's some comedy coming out of the president. The president talks and there's no comedy. There's like, what? It's like weird. So it's good that there's some comedy. We have so much, we have so much great mean material all the time. There's one in the gun community. There's one going around because he's very anti-gun. And he had said that civilians don't need 9 millimeters. And so there's a lot of means about this. He said that if you get shot with a 22 and it goes into your lung, then we can go in with surgery. And then you can have that removed. You'll be okay. If you get shot with a 9 millimeter, your lung will get blown completely out of your body. Which is not true. Like 85% of people who get shot with hang on survive. So I'll say that. But yeah. So there's like a ton of gun memes floating around about like blowing lungs out of the eye. In fact, I saw ammo for sale on a website where it said 9 millimeter blow the long out of your body. Something like that. Right. I think that's a great thing. I think I might do a whole episode that way. I'm going to do the Biden episode where I just make shit up for an hour while we're on the show. But speaking as if it's a fact. Yeah. Maybe the end of the road out end quote. Right. And quote with Pete line. So I had fun at the range. Did we talk about me going to the range? Oh, you guys are very proud of me. Yeah. You're good. I'm good. I went to the range. Did good had some fun. You know, my buddy brought his 50 cow and his 357 and his block with a laser sight on it. So we had lots of toys to play with and then I took my block. So it was a lot of fun. Yeah. We pound it out. I think a shot like I shot three boxes of 9 millimeters all myself. Nice. Three entire boxes of 9 mil. And we shot a whole box of 50 cow, a whole box of 357. And he shot a couple boxes of 9 mil too. Like we we we we've we've sent a lot around Scott. Yeah, you did. We're looking proud. That read that through that 50 calorie. Volver man looked wicked. It was heavy man. It was like, you know, I heard the target with it. I hit the target with it, which was like, because you know, with a big long barrel like that if it moves a little your off target like. Yeah. You know, that big fucking heavy barrel like it wiggles 1 millimeter. It's not even hit in the paper, you know. And so it was like it was. Yeah. And then when I went back. So what happened was I shot the 357 in the 50 cow. And then I went back to my block. Yeah. And it was so light. I was just clustering things. Yeah. Like it's just drop. Yeah. Exactly. It's like back and off. It's like back and off to a plate and trying to get 50 reps. It was just easy. You know. Yeah. It's a good time. That's cool. Now learn picked up a little bit of terminology. You know, I'm slowly absorbed the lingo. What was something else you learned? Lingo was. Well, I had never used. I'd never used the magazine loader. Oh, okay. Yeah. Yeah. Well, that was another surprise, too. Was I put bullets in a magazine before, but it was easy. I remember doing it when I was a kid, but I don't know if there was just like old magazine or the spring was really worn in or whatever. Yeah. But I went to load these brand new block magazines. Yeah. Like they're fucking, I couldn't even get the bullets in. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So does that just come with time Scott? You just get more skilled? I think the springs do break in after a little while. And they do have like these cool little magazine loaders that are like automatic. Yeah. Did you use the moment that has like the spring in it or did you use the moment that came with your gun? No, I used the one that had a little spring in it. Cool. Yeah. Those are cool. And any just stuff one bullet at a time and bang bang bang and it goes in really easy. Yeah. Yeah. But you know what you can do with though. It's just a matter of like being able to press this one down. That's the key to get the next line up. Yeah. Yeah. They'll probably break in after a little while. No. Yeah. I guess a little while. A little while ago, a few hours was saying he was like, I want to come to Detroit because he's close. He's in shoot some guns and he said that on his podcast. So of course, I literally got like 25 people that were like, you should reach out to Foo-od. So I massaged him and I sent him a picture of the arsenal. I was like, hey, dude, if you want to come out here, I'm 25 minutes over the border. Come out, shoot some guns with us. And he was like, yeah, okay, I'll think about it. I got to talk to my brothers and listen, that never happened. But I was hoping Foo-od would get over here. I was going to let him shoot the silencer. Oh, he's still not going to come over to the United States for a while. The shoot some guns. It's fine. It's fine. Okay, that's going to be our next post. There you go. There you go. I mean, if you're scared, it's okay. It's fine. If you're intimidated by Scott, we understand. We're going to get over it all. No. Yeah. Yeah. It's too far. Too far, dusty. I was going to too far. That's why dusty is here. So do we talk about this? You guys don't know where no sign yet. Where it is if I don't go over it. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Do we have a mention it yet, right? Dennis Wolf episode. Who? Dennis? Dennis Wolf episode. Sorry. We did not. We did not. We did not. We did not mention it. So yeah, so we hope everyone enjoyed it. We would love your feedback. I just got a message back from Dennis here. Thanks for having me on. Tell the guys I had a great time. So boom. He was really cool. He was like super laid back and just like, you know, it was cool. Yeah. He did like 90. Yeah. He did like 92% of the talking, which is like just perfect guest situation. Yeah. So makes it easy. All right. We do YouTube questions now. Do we have something Scott? I got a few. I got a few lined up. Okay. So couple two. Yeah. And I will say guys, you guys didn't leave us a ton of YouTube questions this time around. So I'm going to say get to it. And it also plus comments. All that stuff. It helps to boost us in the algorithm. And also, I appreciate everybody who is sharing our posts on Instagram, especially if you post the link. So people can go to that. It's quite helpful. Okay. He says another question. What habit do you think you can never let go of? Because it's in you from body building for such a long time, counting protein when ordering food, seeing foods as carbs, protein fats, eating on schedule, great episode. Any sort of, he says all the best from Austria. Shout out to Austria. Austria. Fantastic. Great question. I just had a conversation about this the other day. And we've sort of talked about it before. But I cannot imagine not training anymore. I can imagine it. If I got really into some other kind of exercise that I felt worked my entire body, because I believe use it or lose it. Right? If you stop resistance training, that's a bad thing health-wise. I think long term. So maybe I got really into a different type of resistance training. I don't know. There might be something out there, but that's a long shot. So I see myself probably lifting weights to lie die. But also just to seeing food in the three main macros. Yeah. Like, you know, add all two get up in the morning and have like a bagel. Like, Dennis kind of mentioned, you know, like how we don't, we don't look at food like that. Like, I mean, like, okay, a bagel is only one of the three macros. Like, you need more protein. You know, you got through some fats in there. What are you getting? What are you eating? Like, you know, I think seeing food that way will never go away. You know, I could see myself being 75 years old and being like, okay. I'm going to have some carbs and veg with my next protein meal. You know? So yeah. I was going to say, it's actually, it's fluids. I had to one thing, you know, people don't do. They don't realize how much they do or don't drink. Like, they don't hydrate. I know people that will barely drink in all day. And then wonder why they feel like hell. Like, I wake up every day and the very first thing I do is slam a leader with 10 grams of gear that you age, but even every single day, train, don't train doesn't matter. And that's where I'm like, okay, now I'm at baseline. I could start my day. Right. I can't imagine. I have clients even now that when I start them, I'm like, I need six liters of water a day. And we'll go a month. And I'm almost there. And I'm like, yeah, by noon, how do you not drink? Like, baffles me. So yeah, fluids is a big one for me that I know because I literally, it's like, it's like bodybuilding. We know when you're, when you're in your training and you spend three times a day and your body's used to it. And now you get like irritable if you go like four or so hours without food. That's me with fluids. Like, I could, I would be able to tell I'm dehydrated. If I didn't drink right, at least five or six liters of water a day. That's a good one. I'll add one in. And I don't know if it's because I'm still involved, I mean, that it, you know, I'm either on the podcast with you guys. I'm coaching people looking at their physique's online. But when before I was into bodybuilding, the idea of a big guy was, could it be anybody with any level of muscle? And now there aren't a lot, I don't really, it's not that often that I'm out in public. And I can even tell that somebody lives weights. Like, unless they have to be like dusty size. And I'm like, oh yeah, that dude's jacked. But like they might be, say like they're like my height like five seven and they're, you know, 190. And it's like, yeah, and a little bit of body fat, you know, might have 18 inch arms. And I'm like, does that guy lift? I can't quite tell, you know? I can't tell. It's like a normie. Yeah, I can't tell. Just not sure if that's it. Yeah, that's like so you can't tell if a guy's, uh, M. M. M. less has got cauliflower years. I got it. Oh, yeah, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. That's a good thing. Watch out for those. Yeah. I just pulled this up, because I remember seeing something about it, but they, they estimate that 75% of American adults suffer from some level of chronic dehydration, drinking only 2.5 cups of water a day on average. Yeah, so it's like barely, like not even three, quarters of a liter. So, and, and they're just saying the problem creates, uh, also when you don't drink nearly enough water, people start mistaken first for hunger. And so, and that's that happens. And you can actually, they say you can actually train your brain, accidentally train your brain to get even more confused about that signal. So, if you keep just stuffing food in, obviously there's moisture in food, so there's some reward for the signal. Like there's some status, yeah, you're kind of satisfying the signal in a way. Let's see, we need a big bowl of cereal or something. Yeah. You're kind of satisfying your hunger, or your, your third signal, but you don't think that. So, now you're programming yourself to, to think it's always going to be, when you feel that, you're supposed to eat. And of course, everyone just gets fucking fatter and sicker and more disgusting to look at. You know how it goes. I can't imagine 2.5 is that including coffee in monster and eggs? You know, that's like, I don't know, I just, what do I do? Just put that in the poke. No. Which, yeah, you know, and, and what is it like 75% of the beverages at Adults Drink have caffeine in them? Which, yeah, that like dehydrates them even further. All right, you guys want another one? Yep. All right. Mr. Scotty T21. Great watch is ever, thanks for the continued shows. Let's see, a question for the next show. Which bodybuilders pastor present would you pick for the ultimate band? And then he adds, I think it's a joke playing air instruments, of course. And what would that band be named? I think this is a wrong question here. Oh, God. Mmm. Based on looks in attitude, so they don't necessarily have to be able to play instruments, so it doesn't have to be kept in the verona. So here's why, the drummer. An animal. An, and, and, and, the drummer, because he's, like, animal from the Yupps. You're like, well, crazy, right? You need someone who's just, like, a cartoon character on the drums. Put it on a crazy show. You know what I mean? Yeah. That's what I think. Yeah, I got Craig Titus in there for sure, because he— because he can tell us. What does he, is he like the lead guitar player or is he, Yeah, he's not the lead singer so he's got it. We like lead guitar. So, there's an ego problem there, right? Cause the lead guitar player is gonna have an ego, ego problem, you know, he's gonna want to be the front man, you know, see, there's a bit of logic to this too. Yeah, I was such a thing. I was such a thing. I was such a, I was such a bass player should be like tall. I don't know. I was such a bass player should be like tall. So, we got Jamie on the bass, then? Yeah, Jamie, there you go. Jamie, the giant on the bass. That's perfect. Plus he's way too big to play guitar as hands wouldn't even, he wouldn't even be able to play guitar. So, bass, that's put on the bass, that's perfect for him. So, you need to see, we're getting a band already. You know, and then we need a singer. Oh, you got, you got to put the brooding on them. Flex, flex, flex, flex, flex, think about flex, flex, flex. Right, it's a punk band. It's a punk band. He doesn't even need to be on G. He can, he can say the word, kind a lot. Yeah, that would be good. He loves to do. Right, he can get away with saying, kind. He'd be like, oh, yeah, he can, like, talk to the crowd like that. That'd be awesome. Yeah. Okay. Oh. And there's constantly a really tense dynamic between Craig Titus and the rest of the band because of the whole murder thing. So that's like, you know, yeah, there's like, and you're kind of wondering if they're gonna explode on stage, but they're so intense in punk rock that you just stay for the whole show. Yeah, it's good. I'd buy a ticket to that. I would go to the end too. I would go to the end too. What's the name of the band? Stay on it. That's rough. It's a punk band, so it can be like one word real simple. Yeah. It's a very different thing. I was thinking something along with those lines. No. Yeah. Red, right? Yeah. It was a, it was a, it was a, it was a, it was a car's on there. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Just that guy. Yeah. Just that guy. Playing cars or something. No. Yeah. Just that gas. Tazers and gas. I mean, all right. I'm going to stop you guys right there. We will move on. There's another really important question. This is they can't let this go wrong. They just can't let it go. Question half the audience is Googling Craig Titus. Did you know I didn't want to have that. Yeah. Okay. The can't let it go wrong. When eating pizza with a knife in a fork, what happens when you get to the crust? Still knife in fork or fingers in hands use as always great show. Thank you, Steve. So, so you know, so what you do is you cut, you eat the, eat the pizza up the slice right. And then when you get about an inch like about an inch of sauce and toppings left before the crust, you know what I'm saying right? So you get like the last bit of pizza and then the crust is here. So when you get to that strip, you just cut it like this now. So then every bite has topping and crust and you kind of fold every bite over. Wow. Okay. Where do you go to get pizza that there's topping on every piece every inch horizontally with one inch left? Do you have, like in my head then you have pepperoni on every one of those slices? Well, approximately they should be scattered rather evenly. You know, I mean you're going to get lucky. There's going to be the odd bite where you fold it over and there's like a whole piece of steak in there and that's just, that's how just that, that piece that's just how it goes. And then the next piece might just be some cheese and sauce because there's no topping and that's okay too. You don't have to like, you don't have to micro-manage the toppings. But wait, but we have to manage the top things. When you glance down, it's a serious question. Yeah. And you see that bite that's going to have the steak, the whole piece of steak and it. Do you save that for last? Sometimes what I'll do, sometimes what I'll do is I'll slice right through it so it's half on one bite and half on the other. See, you would rather have a little steak two times, two bites. It's a lot to me. But that's where the managing comes in. It's all up to you. It's all up to you. All right, glad we know this. A couple more here from YouTube. Hey guys, love the podcast. Question for the next show. What should the natural progression be? Dr. First Cycle, how much should you increase the dosage or add another compound after you've plateaued with a dosage and more food just makes you fat? Good question. So let's say the first cycle is just testosterone, which ideally it would be that would be what I would do for my first cycle. If I could go back and do everything all over again and probably just do that, the natural progression might be to just go up a bit with the test. Like let's say you're running 300 milligrams a week, your first cycle. Maybe you do your clean out, your time off, whatever, reassess. Maybe next time you come back and you work up to 400 a week. That's if you don't get gains of 300, maybe you get to three and you're growing again. You don't have to go up. You just really take your time and don't make big jumps. You don't do your first cycle at 300 and then come back with a 750. Especially if you made gains at 300, if you made gains at 300, then you want to try to minimize. Or you could, if you're really adventurous, you could come back with the same. Let's just say 300 tests. At this time, throw in 2530 makes a debaul a day for the middle part of the cycle, or whatever you're structuring it and just see how that goes. That would be it. I guess the answer is small increments. Try to get as many gains as you can on as low as possible. I try to remember to think in percentages. That's what I tell people. I get asked all the time. Jim people asked something like that and it's like thinking percentages. If you go from 300 to 400, that's a ton. It's a 33% increase. It's an enormous jump and I don't think people think about that. It's like, it's only 100 more. It's like, knees up. You were at 300. I think one thing you want to factor, it's like money. When you make $10 an hour, if someone all of a sudden pays you $12 an hour, your life just changed. If someone increases my pay by, I don't work hourly, but if I did $2 an hour, I wouldn't even know what happened. It's the same. When you add 100, but you're taking 1,800 milligrams of something, it's not a ton, but we're at 300. That's enormous. So factor that in, because I do see that a ton. People go from 300 to 500. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's like, oh, easy, easy. And it's, I pressed this all the time. I think we have to, we're not trying to downplay what gear does. It's the idea that you want to, you want to have a trick in the bag. If you're taking 750 milligrams early on in your career, plus other things, where do you go from there when that doesn't work? I was so blown away at what, you know, an amp did for me for 10 weeks or whatever, it wasn't my first hit at the second cycle. I just did the exact same thing, because I was like, well, that worked. Just do that again. And of course, you never get your first cycle gains twice, but I grew again on 200 milligrams. So it's like, I have this seems to work. And I mean, I didn't bump it up from then until I was probably five weeks deep into a cycle at one point, three or four cycles in and I hadn't really seen the difference. Right. Oh, I guess. Time. You know, yeah, I was always so limited by finances when I was, you know, in the 90s, right? So we just couldn't really make big jumps. And then we were sort of in this situation where you took what what you could get because those were hard to get was all European amps. So you might want to do, you know, drug A and drug B for a cycle, but you can only get drug C and drug D. So, okay, well, let's make a cycle out of that, you know what I mean? And I got $300. What do we got? Yeah. Yeah. And you got $300, you know, so yeah, it was it was it sort of kept us in line, you know, like I said, my first cycle was deboling my second cycle was one system on a week, you know, and my third cycle was one CC of anintay to week, you know, like it was, there was a lot of that, you know, to start. And you know, I grew off all those cycles. That's a cool thing to remember actually looking back. Because I do remember when I finally got into bottles away from amps, I'd go, well, each of these bottles is 10 weeks. Like it was so nice to me. Yeah, like this. Yeah, this is in a week. I mean, I can't read the time. It's like I get this 10 whole weeks for $85. Yeah. Yeah, I had no ideas getting screwed, but anyways. All right. They got one more here. I'll be curious to hear your guys' thoughts on it. He says he's limb dominant, chest and back are weaker. How would you fix this? Can't really isolate the trunk muscles without the limbs? Well, I think it's a mistake to think that you have to take like a lot of people with that problem and like, oh, okay, I gotta find a way to take my triceps out of the movement. And it's like, well, you still gotta do compounds. And no matter what, they're gonna activate. Like, so just forget about not using them. It's like trying to squat without firing your glutes, which is just literally impossible. Like, you know? So your triceps are gonna fire. So what your concern should be should be, okay, I wanna make sure that my packs are doing as much work as possible at least. So maybe you have to change your grip up a little bit. Maybe you're going too narrow, you know, technically the more narrow you go, the more triceps you use. So maybe you gotta a little bit wider with your grip or maybe there's some shoulder placement that you can adjust, you know, maybe your scapula need to be down or something. But the point is execution. A lot of people that are dominant in the triceps for the front delts, they can find better form if they just really, really try to figure it out. And maybe you should actually, you know, they say that use the term active range of motion, right? And if you have a super dominant assisting muscle, then maybe your ideal and optimal range of motion is slightly different. So maybe, you know, he needs to press with a little bit different range of motion just to make his packs do more work. But those are all, you know, maybe shortening the top of the wrap is going to be good for hammer. Maybe he doesn't go an inch deeper than he used to. Maybe he stops an inch for his chest or something. There might be some way where his packs do more work. So I really try to explore the execution side of things. You know, I don't know. That's just my first thought. All those I absolutely agree on and the only thing I was going to add to it is also pull with your rep ranges because now this is a complete reverse. But I found with my weak body parts, when I would train Uber heavy, the strong body parts were taking over more whereas when I would drop the weight, train in a higher rep range, I could really concentrate on feeling for example his chest. His back, making sure his you know, because for example, you want to be thinking if you're if you're trying to back your hands are just hooks. So they're hooked. Now where is my elbow going? I mean, that's essentially back training one of one is where's my elbow going and how do I hook my hand and that's it. So find a where where you're feeling that activation the most is probably going to be pretty magical because if you're just, you know, as I say, grip and and rip and then chances are you're strong body parts are going to do them. Yeah, they're going to do that. And then the final factor that I think you can't ignore is, but is your back or your chest getting sore? Because although we don't say that's a factual thing, you might not even need to change anything. You might just find that those muscles are growing better and just keep going. I mean, you can't help it if you are by subscrow better than your back, but if you're back being properly stimulated, then you're doing all you can. So, you know, kind of it is what it is at some point. I think a lot of people very, very early. I mean, looking at the question, my kind of laughed and almost made a sarcastic remark because I didn't see a week chest in the side dress up, picture was on that company by that question. We compared to what? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, that's a good arm. He does have some killer arm. Yeah. That's a terrible chest. Yeah. That's a terrible chest. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. You're comparing it. No, to all some arms. Also, you know, you've got to be a world-class hugger if you want to get pecks. You know, get those dumbbell flies. Yeah. And that's a nice solution. Move me too. Yeah. I'll have a good hug. I'll have a good hug. I'll have a good hug. I'll have a good hug. I'll have one thing in. And that is I found for my back that I needed to get more of a stretch on my movements. And I think a big part of it was that I needed to relax the bicep. And for my chest, I found that I got a lot more benefit by going deeper because I got to a range of motion where, and like you were saying, maybe mess with the range of motion, Ron, when I went deeper, my shoulders and triceps weren't able to support what I was doing. So it was more a peck. So I found, and this is with the help of a guy who is called, excuse me, big Dave Smith helped me with this. He's been on the podcast too. And he had said one of the things that he wanted me to understand was that the muscle that you activate first in a compound movement is probably going to be that key target muscle. He didn't quite say it that way. But if I think about it and I think about guys that have really good arms, and they're doing like a pull down, but they're keeping a lot of tension in their biceps, then yeah, maybe your biceps are probably going to get a lot of that activation versus start with the lat, start with the chest. And then let the other muscles assist. Yeah. So sometimes it just takes a little bit of added focus. Just make that body part of priority mentally and the rest kind of follows. Really, really make it important for that thing to come up. So that's all I've got for YouTube. Oh, that is all you got for YouTube. Yes. What's does he got there? I'm just, I'm just going to ask you a question box yesterday. You want to, the only thing it's getting tricky is a lot of my questions on here now are regarding cigars. Okay, how is it going to be? There you go. Okay, we'll talk about that later. Go ahead. Okay, here's a good, there's a solid one. Biggest separated between pros and amateurs in bodybuilding. Besides cigarex, since that's the obvious. Well, yeah, I mean, genetics is the bottom end, the bottom line of everything because genetics even dictates your brain chemistry to a large degree and, you know, nature, the nature half of the development of your mental attitude anyways. So genetics are always going to be the bottom, but I would say desire to, like, outlast everyone, like just determination and mental attitude towards being successful. You know, I've just seen a lot of guys that had what it took physically, but, you know, maybe they just didn't have the, like, oh, yeah, already have a company that does well and, you know, I already got a wife and everything's cool and, you know, they need to be a pro, you know, did really great at all my shows and, you know, smoked everyone at nationals and my first attempt in my weight class and then good, you know, like, I don't know a lot of guys like that. And there's a bunch of guys like that that could have been great pros if they were hungry. Maybe literally hungry, right? You know, right? Maybe they didn't have that company paying the bills and there was stuck in a job that didn't like and there was a little more grit and grind under their fingernails. Maybe they would have put more in to like the desire to be a pro bodybuilder, but, you know, we both, we both know dusty that being a pro bodybuilder comes from, like, you know, when we were young, we were very, very hungry to accomplish things that we wanted to accomplish, right? You know what I mean? And as you get older and more successful, you're like, hey, these certain things aren't worth sacrifice at this point in my life. So, you know, that's different for everybody. Yeah, the guys we were going to talk, they're not. Well, when I turned pro, no, I, there you go, sad. I'm listening to you guys, I'm listening to you. You understand the difference so because I really, to me, my answer on my Q&A that I did was consistency. Because I really didn't think that the great thing is, it is correct to grind, but I think the interesting thing is, in Ron, you've said this before, if you want to be a great bodybuilder, whatever great is for you, okay? So that doesn't mean filly, but whatever's great is for you, the first factors you have to love the training. Yeah. And there's nothing you would rather do, and I'm retired and, you know, I have no, there's no, not even a thought of, oh, maybe one day I'll come back out. There's nothing I would rather do every day than training. And I know because I, I don't have to now. I don't even have to have sponsors. Like, this is what I choose to do. And now, it's got the point, I'm doing it first thing in the morning because I don't want anything else to fuck it up because life is busier now and I have other things going on. So I'm like, well, I don't want to sacrifice my most important thing. So it's first, you know, so that's what you get to keep watching. Yeah. I literally take a minute, I don't know. Like, I'm out the door in 15 minutes from the time I wake up to in the car. But then the other thing is the diet and stuff it's in Dennis mentioned this. Like, when you're in it, it was never like, oh, good. Now I can take a break from bodybuilding because the show is over or whatever. Like, you know, I used to go to the shows, even my first couple, I had food to get me home. Yeah. Like knowing full well, like I knew I was a doing wrong, wasn't a hard core. I was going to eat some bullshit. But I made sure I got three or so protein meals extra for the drive home. You know, it's, it was ingrained that that was the only way I could get better. And I think, for me and more than a lot of people, I knew from day one I wasn't as good as the people I was trying to compete with. So it was like, I didn't have an inch to give. I'm like, I have to absolutely be flawless and then hope for the perfect moment to actually win, you know, right. So that was my thought on the difference was that is I think a lot of guys who could be pros that have the genetics and they think they have the desire. They actually don't because they're the ones that are quickest to can't wait to this prep sober or yeah, I took a few months off for like there's a difference. There's a difference between desire and willingness. Right. You know, like we all have desire. Like, oh man, I want to turn pro or I want to compete at this show. But do you have the willingness to do the things? Because it is, it's a lot, you know, it's a lot. I think the one thing that I add to that having nothing to do with this exact conversation is if you don't, there's nothing wrong with that. And I'm shocked at how many people drag themselves through bodybuilding or whatever else that they don't really want to do. I'm like, it's your life, fuck it. Like, if I didn't like, I look back at when I, you know, people would say, oh, you're missing out on life. I'm like, are you not in your mind? I love this. I like prepping my food. I don't need to go do those other things. You know, and then of course for some of us that really got lucky like Ron and myself, now I've traveled the world because of it. And I've met people all over the place and I've got a career. But now, if you said to me, hey, Dusty, I know one of the big takeaways for you in bodybuilding is that there wasn't enough money at your ability level to make competing worth it. We're going to pay a hundred grand to get in shape like you used to. Now that's over. I don't want to. Like even for a hundred. I'm like, it's over. Now it's not worth it to me because I can make a hundred a different way and not give up the things that I'm no longer willing to give up. You know, so I don't think there's a lot of people think that they're so hard courts. It's bad when you lose that. I know for a fact, I don't have no desire to spend 16 weeks on one focused item. I like thinking about three things at all times now. It's just a different time. You know, if I can add one thing to that too, for a lot of people that are younger, that are watching this and you're not at that place, Dusty's talking about yet my advice would be take advantage of where you are now because it'll be over. It'll be over in no time. And I think that's one of the things is like in it's something I try to tell some of my clients sometimes. It's like, well, you're, you know, early 30s now. So this is the time. If you're going to do this, this is the year to try to put that fire under him because a lot of times I think it's easy to be like, yeah, you know, I can always buckle down later. But it's, you know, oh yeah, back back then, man, it was the, I sold my first business for bodybuilding because I realized and I woke up every morning and my first priority was eating and training and my competition in business woke up thinking, how can I beat Dusty at business? I said to myself, all right, well, if I split between these two things, I'll be mediocre at both. I can do business later. I sold my business and put everything into bodybuilding. And that was the greatest decision at the time because like you said, Scott, I knew it's now or never. And I cannot, like, a new, I cannot look back even if I have millions of dollars and go fuck. I never chased that one thing that I can't do anymore. You know, so I love that time. I mean, Ron and I mirror each other with that. It's like, I woke up and it was like the only thing that mattered was every meal, every drink, every set, you know, I'd be thinking about like next week's chess work, as soon as I finish today, it's like, oh, I gotta beat Dusty, I gotta do that, you know. So I had somebody ask me, you know, about all the years that I competed, like, you know, when would I decide to do a show, like what, what would I do to choose shows? And the answer for that is that there, there really was only one way to turn pro, you know, to win the Canadian Nationals or you could go to North Americans back when I competed, right? So there's two two pro cards and the North Americans was a long shot. Like, that was a long shot for a Canadian to go down a win. There's been a couple do it, but it's pretty, pretty rare. So anyways, those were the two ways to turn pro. So there wasn't any choice as far as like, which pro qualifier will I do this year, you know, like nowadays people have, you know, up here they can do the show. The Toronto program, the Nationals, all the Arnolds, any of the Arnold amateur's a limpian, a mature flyer, anywhere you want, you know, you go to the NPC shows, like, all that stuff. So we didn't have any choice, but I was also completely committed all the time. So I would come off stage and people would say, how do you feel? And I'd be like, well, I'm pretty, you know, pretty disappointed with second, but back next year. Let's go. Like, I would already be in, like, I would be in that day for the next nationals. And mentally, physically, 100%, it was there was only a couple of times where I like needed to, like, take a few days to think before I, you know, really decided am I going to go again next year? And then there was a couple of times I didn't go because of like injuries and stuff. But I wound up doing 13 nationals. And I think every single one of them, and then even the shows before that, like, I did my first show and everyone's like, oh, what's the plan? Like, the night of the show, they're like, what's the plan? And I'm like, oh, next year, provincials next year, you know, and then I won that and they're like, what's the plan? And I'm like, nationals next year and they're like, oh, we like decided already. We get automatic. They haven't even set the date yet, but I'll be there, you know, like, that sort of thing. So, and I don't see, I see a lot of people now, you know, sort of humming and haunt about what show they're going to do and all that sort of stuff. And there was just none of that when I was competing, like, there wasn't any options. And, and you know, I always thought, like, well, Dorie and I always had a plan to do this show the following year, like, he knew right away. It wasn't like a question. So, you know, so that was just kind of the attitude with that. It was just, like, 100% commitment for 304 days, you know, the very day after this show, you're committed for the next year, you know? So, yeah. Yeah, that's a segue question. Because someone else asked this, and I'm going to cheat and tell you guys my answer, but in the reason I'm want this question, because I want to push for it, but somebody asked, they said, is it possible in the open to turn pro with just above great, just above average genetics? And I said, no. Yeah. So, and my reasoning, just to kind of get you guys some more thoughts on it was, I think we all focus on the 99.99, you know, the guys that are just off the charts, the 0.001% the cye greens, the fillheets, we're like, you were born to do this, but I don't think that body villager turned pro, really recognize how good their own genetics are in comparison to the rest of the planet, because they're comparing themselves with cye. Yeah. You know, it's like, think about how big you got, how much muscle you put on your frame run, and we know you put the work in and everything else, but most people could never do that. Like the body would not put on that much muscle mass, you know what I mean? And that was why my answer was easier. I think I said, nope, I don't even know that I gave a respectful answer. It was like, no, because I don't think people realize how good the genetics are on the worst guys that turn pro as light heavies, heavies are super heavy. Yeah, yeah, yeah, even, yeah, it's like, even like the players that, you know, maybe they only play one season of NFL, you know, like they get drafted and they maybe see the ball a couple times and that's it for them. Those guys work healers in college. Yeah. Yeah. Like, like they're elite and then they get to NFL and they're like, just not quite enough. And so that's the, you know, people people think, oh, you know, I got average genetics. I can be an average pro. I don't know, that's not how it works. And then people also have these fucked up ideas about genetics. Like people that say, oh, yeah, you know, branch Warren out trained as genetics. I'm like, do you see him as a teenager? He was he beat Jay color as a teen. You see him, he's got his lead genetics. You see him as big as with his widest ways. I don't care what his waist looked like for the average person to put on that level of muscle is just not going to happen, you know, and the shape like the shape of the muscles and the worst stance is front relaxed quarter turns fuck off with bad genetics. Branch Warren doesn't have bad genetics. Idiots. Branch Warren didn't out train his genetics. He's like an elite example of like an absolutely unbelievably good bodybuilder head to toe, especially on his frame, you know, yeah, he was always one of my favorites. I think by our deal with branch would be he maximize his genetics. Maximize genetics. One why he won Arnold classics and took second Olympias. They're acting like, you know, I he's like came up and somehow took second of the Olympias. Okay, that's fucking saying. Yeah, how the fuck you know that happened. You know, some of these guys are getting pro cards drug free for fuck six. Yeah, exactly. Like come on. I thought that was a good a good. The nice thing was though, because I already have answered that, a lot of people messaged me and agreed. Like even guys who said, man, I had a hard time reading that, but I know it's accurate. You know, no, you didn't say any also they didn't say like it's 70 years old. Yeah, that's true. Yeah, men's open. Yeah, you can just not die long enough than short. Some point you can get in the masters. But yeah, the grant. They're given grandmasters pro cards now. Aren't they? Yep. They got it. That's the one thing and this is my, this is my third deck comment of the day. Just just the third thing I do, I do wish, this is just on this episode. I mean, I do wish that they're because they have given away so many pro cards now. Like I, sometimes I see the word IFVB pro next to someone's name and it kind of irks me. I'm like, it didn't do the same thing that other people wanted to get that. You know, I mean, I have clients. I have clients that that are pros now and great people and they worked hard. But when I see, they're wearing their t-shirt. This is I BV pro. I'm like, technically, you know, it's like it's a different thing because I do feel like it's changed. It's changed to the point that when you go to shows, they don't give pros anything anymore unless, unless you're either a great fucking pro or you market the shit out of yourself on Instagram and social media. Because I'm like 50, 50 on if I get free tickets when I walk into shows. But sometimes they will. And when I like when I was coming up, if you were a pro, they were like, come on in. Yeah. So yeah. And that's not, I totally understand what you're saying. Like it's not a grumpy old man comment like you guys don't deserve. No, it's not like that. It's just that when something used to be really scarce, it has like scarcity, it helps to find value, right? We know this. What economics is. So, you know, I remember growing up, like there weren't, there was like one pro in my town. Right. And he was like retired since the 80s. But he was like a guy that won the Canada as and technically he had a pro card. He never did a pro show. But he had a pro card. And it was like, how guys got a pro card? And it was like, it was like, you might as well as said that guy owns five hotels. Like it was like that valuable. Yeah. And you know, and then I remember driving to Edmonton to train at like the big city gyms, like five hour drive away, driving to Edmonton when I was young. And there was like a dude at the gym that had a pro card. And it was like, he's got a pro, but he hadn't competed as a pro yet. So he's guys hadn't even competed as pros, but they had pro cards. It's like, oh my god. Yeah. You know. Right. And then like I've told the story about Dorane 8's coming to do that tour in Western Canada in 93. And he did like six cities in like 10 days, you know. And I got tickets to see him at the last one, like 10 days after the Olympia. And we drove eight hours to see him through the night. I bartended our I bounced until 2 in the morning. And then my buddy Kevin, who was at home sleeping woke up, picked me up at the bar at 2 30 a.m. And we hit the highway for the seminar the next day. And we got to the hotel like around noon. And we checked in and had a sleep. And then we went to the seminar like 4 p.m. That was our that's what we went through to go see Dorian give a seminar and a little guest posing. And there was like, there was like 100, 100 people there. Maybe. And it was like the biggest fucking deal. Like we drove eight hours. And then eight hours home just to see Dorian. And so that gives you an idea of how much value it was to go see like a Mr Olympia. You know. Whereas like nowadays like you could say Jay Cutler at the GNC across the street and have the people would be like, I don't want to wait in line. You know. Like I'll just go on to Instagram because he's reporting from the store. He's talking on his insides. He's just like, it's his funny. So it's it's not necessarily like just the you know all the divisions and everything. It's just the numbers. There's just so many Procards out there now that they don't hold as much value as they used to. And that's just how things work. And it's not a grump. You'll say it's just how it's the same in reverse. Two of those going to say those, you know, if you go back to the 90s wrong, you and I don't have Procards. Ever. Yeah. Not a thing. No. It's definitely not like it's like we're saying around. It's not a shock because I could say the same if you reverse further. You could go back 20 years and say the same thing about myself. So keep that in mind too. It's just how things move. But yeah, it's definitely different. But one thing that doesn't change is no, you can't have mildly above average genetics in turn pro and the open. This reminds me of something that I've been trying to keep on my mind. It's a Gary V thing. I know you guys me and my Gary V. I like him. If you watch Gary V. Yeah. I like it. So but Gary V says something that I kept bringing it up during the pandemic to try to just like calm myself down. He's like quick complaining about the rules. Quick complaining about the way things are. Just find a way to win with those rules. There's nothing you can do about it. Yeah. And so when you think all that so many more Procards now and all these divisions, yeah. Okay. Fine. Just keep coaching, do your thing like fucking deal with it. Like you know what I mean? Or that works for so many things. I love the example that he gave was it was a guy who asked him a question. He goes, hey, I've got this idea for this weed delivery app that's really unique and great. But the state I live in doesn't have legal weed. And Gary goes, fucking move. And the guy just looked at him like he'd never thought of moving. And Gary goes, quick fucking complaining to me. Fucking move. That's a solution. Yeah. This is a I'm like. And so I remember just loving that and thinking like, you know, I got to remember, you know, because we all have moments where we complain about the way things are. Yeah. You know, I fucking need fucking government doing this to me and I got to pay this in taxes and I have find fucking like you can't do anything about it. Fucking yeah. Do it just succeed anyways. You know, so yeah, that's a little thing. I run that in my head sometimes. I like that. It's a positive message. Well, you know, I try. I try Scott. Keep that. He does. Okay. Oh, does he's looking. Does he's looking? I just want to make sure that everything else that's a solid. Add. Um, get some solid. That's it. He's a good. Yeah. Yeah. I think we're pretty well good though. These, you know what sucks I have to admit and I've started and I say, start. I've just started. I'm going to start using TikTok now because literally the control that Instagram has on my views is ridiculous now. Really? How so? So yeah. You want to people that even see my posts are so low. Like I put up a post the other day and just nothing just normal posts. Three thousand people saw it. I used to get 20,000. Yeah. See, three. Okay. Thank you for the context because I'd be like, you guys would hear something awesome. Three thousand people saw my post. I don't do that. Yeah. So the big one is just the right. Why is three thousand people saw it? Yeah. But only 26 people who don't follow me saw it. That's the other thing. What's the deal? Do you have an idea? Are you just an honest, no, it's across the board with, I mean, so many accounts much bigger than mine as well on the flip if you have a smaller account. You'll see that your stuff's getting seen more than it. You're still there. Which I don't know what the, yeah. I don't know what the benefit is to them, but it's happening. So point being is I put this up last night and I probably have 50 questions. Whereas I used to get a few hundred in a few hours. Right. So I've been told that Instagram is just so heavily favoring reals that if you're not posting reals all the time. Like Scott mentioned this. They always, you know, I'm definitely bad at that because I've hardly used the reals feature at all. I feel like it's halfway between story and post and I'm like, why don't you do this? You know? And then another thing was my story view, my story views are way down. I used to post, you know, I used to post like, you know, a fucking trick on my bike or something and it would get like 2500 views and now they get like 600. I wonder what's changed. You know, YouTube does that too. We, you know, and I have to, you know, that, that, and I actually thought of YouTube Ron when you've said like, you know, deal with it and still be good at it. Like I've had to try to figure out well, like how do we still be good and be successful and get views with YouTube. Thankfully, right now, we're in favor. It's funny because I used to watch some some channels that would teach you how to be successful at YouTube and back then they were all saying like five minute videos and you got to get in and do this and get out blah blah blah and now all those same channels are doing one hour videos. So it's like now we're in. This is in long format is in for now. But guess what? That's going to change, you know, so it's cool. Glad to be here. Well, we're here, guys. It's quite a big tool for people, you know, which is what Gary says too. Like yeah, stop doing Instagram. Yeah. But right, I've danced around enough to realize, okay, you also have to expand out. So we're in the both, but the people I brought up like I said, we just have less questions and usual. And I do know too, even in the house, I mean, Nikki goes to TikTok now to look things up. Oh, yeah. Because it's become a place to get information. Instagram isn't. So I'm like, I just don't want to use TikTok. I don't want to use TikTok. Here's the thing that we're on unless you're willing to dance. I know like a little girl. I know. Actually the the truth is one one great one and I'll plug in because he's phenomenal at it is look at my fanwicks TikTok. Yeah. He's getting lazy. He's did over there. And it's all body really shit and it's not a TikTok account. And I mean, I don't know, he's got, I'm guessing, a couple hundred thousand followers over there already. Nice. And it's great content and it's applicable to adults. You know, I think the problem is, is a lot of us have fallen into this vibe of like, oh, well, my teenage get on there and do little corny dances and I have not fucking doing that. You don't have to. Right. You could put in good content and people are going there. So you definitely show that it is a pain in the ass. I've gotten lazy and it's so easy to do Instagram. I'm like fuck, I have to figure out how to do all this shit now. But fortunately, after some geniuses in the house, they can show me. So we're good. There you go. Yeah. You need somebody like under 18 to help. The intergenerational tech squad. Yes. He's definitely going in. I'm like the grandpa going in. Help the old man. Would you? I remember a few years a few years ago, John Metos made a post and he was like, hey, I just came back from this Gary V seminar and Gary said this new thing is called TikTok. That's going to be the next social media thing to get on. He's like, so I'm going to start doing TikTok now. And at the time, I remember going to it and I searched body building. And there was like two people like two guys on it. Imagine if you and at the time I was like, yeah, I'm already doing enough. I was like, I'm already doing enough. You know, let them somebody else have this. But yeah, if you've cashed in then, you'd probably be doing pretty good with it. Okay. Well, thanks everybody. Like share, subscribe, comment, wing the ball. There you go. And of course, I appreciate the last five minute crew for sticking around to the end. Remember mutant supporting the show now. So you go to iammutant.com and in North America and you can order using our codes, they grow on 20 and dusty 20. No offense to either one of us. Use whatever code you want as long as it's the Canadian guys. So okay. Thanks. Thanks Scott for everything. And definitely let us know what you thought of the episode this week. Cheers everybody. And remember, it's just body building.