Hey everybody, welcome to episode 73 of It's Just Body Building. I'm your host Big Ron Parlo, sit near a dusty handsha, the freak, what's up buddy? Man, the end of the end of an era today. This is our last episode of the year. Yeah, since the year and review of It's Just Body Building. So dusty 2020, you know there's a few great things about the end of the year that I love. I used to love them even more back when I was a kid because I always loved the sports highlights reals. Yeah. You know what I mean? And you know nowadays I mean I guess I'll look them up on YouTube or something. I'm sure someone will make some good, good, you know, compilations. But I used to love and just it would get played on the TV all the time. You turned the TV on for like, you know, there's a two, three day span there. Yeah. You know, and then you get all the highlights and all the best movie scenes and top movies of the year and all the count of downs and breakdowns. So it's just this year's a little bit of a odd apple to handle. No shit. Who would have guessed at the beginning of the year? You know what though? And I do not mean this humorous, lead at all. But the last normal thing I did was the LFA XBO, which was like a norm. That's the that's the that's the kickoff to our season as you know. Yeah. And how fitting that I learned of COVID that weekend? And I was in L.A. and Kobe Bryant died. Right. So that's the kickoff of the fucking dump of the 2020 year for me. And I say that based on how life is but not how my life is thank God. Right. Right. So your year started with the LFA XBO hearing about COVID and Kobe Bryant dying on the same weekend. Yes. Yeah. That was that was the beginning of what I'll call 2020 at that point. And then of course shortly thereafter, boarding a plane to the Arnold knowing that nothing there would be no XBO. This is found out the day before. Right. You know, it's going to see the show. Right. Yeah. And we're not going into the show. Tan, because you probably think get a refund on your flight. Yeah. So it was literally one of those things where you're and of course at this point, you got to remember I didn't really know what it was. If I knew then what I know now I'd have been really pissed. We ought to. But at that point, it was like a little selfishness which is typical to me. I was like, well, why the fuck am I going? And B, it's like, well, how dangerous is this if the world is shutting down? You know what I mean? So it was it was definitely interesting, but we got so I got the I got the first and last photo shoot of the season done in dead nuts off season. We'll call that one the chin's shoot and when was that? That was right after the Arnold, which I remember it was so funny because they're like, I, well, we're going to have you shoot after the day after the Arnold, Lejaniago. Oh, so fat fuck me is shooting with one of the best ever the day after it has a show. That's cool. It's going to be really good shoot for me. I mean, I don't really want to shoot with Jolly or my best condition. So maybe this would be like my way to hang up. Well, I was out of shape. That's all right. Right. Right. I would just dare to support him. Yeah. Yeah. So fortunately, they didn't actually put me any photos with him. And I pretty sure they just burned all the pictures. I was in any way. So we're good. We're good. That's good. We're just inviting you to the field. No, but that was that was the kickoff, you know? It was interesting. And then you didn't come to the Arnold, which I was mad at you for anyway. So, you know, I blame you. So that whole thing, that whole thing, my year started, I was supposed to go to China. Of all places. That would not have been good. In January of 2020, you know? So I was supposed to go to China and that's why I wasn't going to the Arnold. Because I was going to get home from a week. A week in China, like the day before I'd have to leave for the Arnold. Right. And I just said, hey, can I just opt out of the Arnold if I'm going to China? Like, I'm not going to feel that. It's turned around on that. It's not going to be worth it to me. You know, I'll watch the live stream. And they were like, no problem. No problem. I've got such big trip to ask of you. You know, that's cool. And I was like, yeah, I'll just step out of the Arnold. So I actually volunteered to not go. And then, and then, yeah, my China trip got canceled in December. Right. So I remember at the end of the year, they were like, yeah, I'm going to China. They're having this thing over there. Right. When that's happening, you're like, whatever. What is this thing? Bullshit. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And so that's how my year started was a canceled trip to China. And then sitting at home watching the weird Arnold. Yeah. So that was a very weird Arnold. Yeah. And then it's, you know, we're still going to have some sports highlights. But they're not going to be the same. They're all, uh, well, there's a whole bunch of missing ones, first of all. And then there's, you know, there's no crowd reaction when the ball goes in the net. There's no, oh, yeah. It's no like crowd to their feet as the final kick gets kicked. You know, like, all that stuff. Have you ever played in front of an enormous crowd like football or anything like that? No, um, just our high school games, which we would pack our, like, we had pretty solid bleachers for our high school for being a Canadian high school. And I mean, I'd be all packed up, you know, but right. And I never played in like, I guess we played some jambory games in a real stadium for fun. Of course, there's no crowd. It's just cool to play like on a real pro field. Right. So I was asking because something like, so I've played in front of thousands of people before. Yeah, because you're like, I'm a hot game. Imagine what it's like to be at the highest level. Like these baseball stadiums at hold, you know, 50, 60, 80,000 people, whatever it is. And then there will literally be like 17 people in your here guys sneeze in the corner. You're up to bat in your here guy cough. Hey, keep it down. Yeah, sure. It'd be weird. It'd be weird. I heard some fighter. I can't remember who it was. There's so many of them, but he, he made some kai. Was just being funny. And he goes, yeah, marching down to the ring and then fighting with no crowd feels like you're fighting for some weird billionaires entertainment. Like, like you brought to a private island and you're just in like a like a like a no crowd death match. And he's just sitting in the corner, petting his cat, you know, like, like, that's it. It was he made some joke. It's awesome. I think that's how it feels when you walk down to the cage and you get locked into cage was another man and there's no crowd. That actually makes perfect. And like this is weirder now. Yeah, one thing about like, I mean, the crowd it makes sense. When you're your corners, probably screaming at you, you can even hear them. And I was like, you're on get the arm bar. Watch this with you. No one. There's only yelled two lapses and one the other guy to hear. Also across the right other corner. Yeah, they just go into signals and just go silent. Get a look over. So yeah, he just and I imagine if I don't know, I imagine some sports feel weirder than others to play without a crowd. Obviously depending on the type of crowd would normally be. And you know, some some crowds are quiet, right? Some crowds like, you know, golf game everyone goes, you know, silent. So it's not like you need the cheers to tea off, you know. Right. You have the advancement now. You know, we do the, um, we're the waste management open here every year, which is a huge excuse to party. And it's like right across the street from my condo. And it just hit the other day. Every time goes, so they're not going to do the waste management open on them like, oh, shit. I mean, I'm sure the golf will happen, but I actually never watch the golf right. Right. Like, this is a place to go to see people to be seen and to spend money on drinks. So it's like a huge event in the city every year. Yeah. It's huge. I mean, and obviously like the, um, that happens right after or before the bear Jackson, which is the huge auction for the cars. And that's also another one. It's funny now. As I say, a lot of Scottsdale's very much like, a lot of the events are you go to be seen. Right. Well, it's just like a lot of stuff. It's like big Calgary stampede. You know, it's like the biggest rodeo in the in the world. And, you know, a lot of people go there for a week and they party, but they don't actually go see any of the events. They don't actually watch rodeo, right? Yeah. Yeah. They just like shop and drink and, you know, come home with an STD. Well, you got to come home with something because you're definitely ran out of money. Right. Right. Yeah. No, man. It's, uh, it's interesting. It's interesting. You know, I've been watching live concerts at home. I just, I just airplane from the Mac, you know, on the big screen. Yeah. The crank sound system because I'm like going through concert withdrawal. Like, yeah, I, you know, as I got an older and a little comer and, you know, hate crowds more and all that stuff. I go to fewer shows. But I at least go to one a year. You know, like what you would call a concert. Usually, right. You know, and, you know, this year was going to be a good year. I had tickets to two raging and some machine shows. I was going to see them in Vancouver. And then I was going to fly to Emmonten and see them two nights later. No way. And then I had tickets to two tool shows. I was going to see them in Vancouver. And then I was going to fly to Emmonten and see them like the next night. And people understand the commitment that that is because flying in Canada is the most expensive thing in the world. Oh, yeah. It's like, you know, like, in the United States and people in the US don't understand, like if you're going to jump off flight and fly to, I don't know, Florida or something, it's a couple of bucks. No big deal. You guys charge more for Canadian travel than you do to fly to the US. Yeah. No, I had for the tool show was like $900 for me to fly to Emmonten. It's a 90 minute flight. But then to perspective people. Like, I didn't know that either until being with mutant for so long and then finding out. I'm like, so that's why you guys fly me to Toronto. It's cheaper. Yeah. Yeah. You put a good bring you up. Yeah. It's it's it's pretty funny. But yeah, it's commitment. You see that's what I mean about money. Like, I'm I by no name brand oatmeal. But then if tools come in, I'm like, how many shows can I see? Yeah. Can I fly around for 10 grand? Can I get tickets to three shows? What if I land a set of tickets in fucking Toronto four nights later? Am I flying to Toronto? How much of flights? How much are hotels? You're going to do it. Yeah. You know, so that's just as a few things like that that I go crazy for. So I had tickets to all those shows. I had Joe Rogan tickets. All canceled. The last thing, you know what? The last normal thing I did was in January. I saw a bill bur. Oh, well, that's a good way to go though. Yeah. And it was it was because my China trip got canceled. I was able to get tickets to bill bur. So I landed some and I went and that was a last normal thing that I did this year. That is great. I mean, it's funny. Like you said, when you're you do the usual look back, I don't typically look back on my year because kind of status quo, even though they're cool. And we definitely, I think when I'm away from body being all look back, no, hold you shit. Here's my question. Yeah. Here's a question for you. You know, you always try to find the positives or or pull the positive memories out of stuff. So let's go back to the the the first shutdown. I guess for everyone who's had to shut down. We'll go back. We'll talk about the first shutdown. What's your best memory of the first shutdown? Like if you're like, you know what the the one you know, there was that one thing that was actually pretty awesome that I had to focus on and You know, do you have just something like that? I would say I mean the biggest the best most positive memory I had was realizing how tight knit the body of the community is here. Because obviously, I mean, like everybody, my first thought was holy shit how many work um and it sounds funny. I mean, that is how I view going to the gym. It's like this is what I do. Also, it's oxygen, you know. Yeah. Um so when I realized it was happening, um, I made one phone call and I had keys to a gym. A gym that I had never trained in. Really. Yeah. Called the owner. Obviously, I've known I knew him. Um and I had sold him actually my, my sub one source and he owned this gym now. So called him up. He literally was like, oh yeah, what you know, what time can you meet me today or tomorrow? A good case. Like you're fine. Jim will be shut. You're going to go in the back door this and that. And then that has now as life has it spiraled into this thing where that gym is home now. Um, I don't actually have a vested interest in profit to that gym. But, uh, I don't say it's what's so wrong. But it's mine. You know what I mean? So like I am the guy that's like policing the gym one there and making people put shit back and you know, yeah, you're at your, you you you respected and appreciated so much that you're, you're taking a certain amount of ownership with how you lead by example there and all that stuff. Yeah. And now it's my only gym. I have free time to ship every gym in town. Yeah. And that's the only gym I go to. I drive 25 minutes to go try and arms. That's cool. There's EOS fitness is three minutes from my door. And yeah, now it's it's completely home. So that has been really, really cool. And then watching how that's grown with me, like the gym is a madhouse now. Like he has created something. And I think the buzz that's been created by who's going there. Like people walk in and people will sign up for that gym over the phone. Yeah, never seeing it. All right. So when I show up there, just put put the card down and I'm good to go. Yeah, that's normal. Which as you know, when you've probably done that with your gym, like it's if such a thing now, that people don't tour, they literally walk in like, okay, I want to membership. Well, we, it's funny. We, we stopped allowing trials and drop-ins like the long time ago. So like if you want to train, you have to be a member. So like you can't try it out. And people just walk in the door and put their card down. And then they take, where's the bathroom? So right there. Okay. I'll figure the rest out. Yeah. Yeah. You know. So so that's, that's pretty cool. I'd say my favorite memory was I, I, I really like it was a unique experience because in all my 30 years of bodybuilding, I'd never done it. And I tried to appreciate it and not like in really remind myself daily how lucky I was. But training in that gym alone with just might be in my training partner, playing music over the speakers, no headphones, blasting tunes. That was like the highlight of the the shutdown. I mean, the rest of the shutdown, there's not, there's no highlight. Like, I mean, you know, you could bang your girlfriend at different times of day because you're not working. But other than that, you know, there's, there's nice. It's a little nice addition. You can have a, you can, there's more time to nap. That was a plus. You know, it was really digging now. It was, it was pretty like, I mean, you know, if you're working on your computer, the shutdown literally meant you had no schedule because there was no where to go. You couldn't even do anything. So what the fuck? So it was just a weird time. But that getting into jam and cranking music and, you know, I mean, obviously just being able to train was a highlight. But, but training in a gym like that, like a fully equipped super gym, fire self. Like, it was kind of neat because that's, I remember thinking like, oh, Dorian used to do this all the time because I remember reading out on how long he did it for. But as far as I know, he used to train at like nine or 10 in the morning before the gym was open because they get those British gym hours there, right? Yeah. So he trained like 10 a.m. and then opened the gym after, you know, which I could totally see because it's awesome. You know, we did that was fun. I didn't like turning the lights on. Yeah, you know, that's funny. That's funny. There were some days we didn't turn the lights on in there either. Yeah, or else because he had the, he has the demoable ones. Turned up on just enough. And I don't know why, which is so not me, because I want a gym to be awake and bright. Like I've been it when I started my body, when I went into my real body, really, and my first negative was it's kind of dark in here. It's just sleepy. And then here I am, you know, 15 years later, I'm like, turn the lights off. Turn the lights up. Yeah. Yeah. The, the, the distortion in these shitty speakers will be what keeps me awake. Right. But yeah, that was good times. It's funny because you look back, but, but at the same token, it was awesome to have. And now when I walk in the gym and there's energy, it's like, sped us. Oh, yeah. I never want to see that gym empty again. Yeah, you're all probably this. We two in the morning by myself. Yeah, unless I'm training after hours or something like that, you guys can hold it right. You're gym has our own. Yeah, we close it 10 PM. Okay. Yeah, we're open like 5 a.m. during the week to 10 PM. And then 7 a.m. to 10 PM on weekends. Yeah. So that's some, we got good hours. Part man, like hours to me, make a gym. I know 24 is a neat thing. It's just not viable at the moment. But we, we think we make up for it because we're open regular hours on all the stat holiday Mondays. So when those, those weird Mondays roll around it that everyone gets off, is there usually one in month right that everyone gets off? I don't know what you guys calm down there to come stat holidays. No. Okay. We just have random holidays on the weather, fucking holidays. Yeah. So yeah. So, you know, like Thanksgiving, everyone gets an extra day off. Right. So three day, we're open regular hours on those where most people are like, you know, eight to six or something like that. They're closed all together. Yeah. There's a few gyms. There's lots of gyms around here. Actually, the clothes on holiday Mondays. So, but we're open regular hours. Like 5 a.m. to 10 PM on a holiday Monday, which means we're paying our staff time and a half all day long. We've run it like actually cost us like a lot of money to open on those days, especially now with COVID because we have to have two or three staff at a time. So to open on a holiday Monday is like, it, and, you know, we open on Christmas day. Like, that's all. We're open Christmas day, seven to two. So, I mean, you know, it costs us a lot of money to open on those days because of the payroll. But for the members, like, even if we take a take a take a not take a zero on the day, technically, you know, the bills and shit who knows. Right. But we just don't care because it's like, that's just, you gotta be open for people to train. Yeah. No. I love that, too, because that is, it's actually what's killing one of my old gyms here is they have made some decisions in my opinion that killed them, like fear of getting in trouble, not fear of the virus. They were, they were closed on the weekends after the shutdown. And I'm like, right. We're just closed. I was a more hardcore on the weekends, you know, and then, you know, had scheduled or what appointment training times long after we didn't have to do that here. And they're dead. I mean, I don't know how they're going to even stay open because so many people have bounced. And then the problem is they come over, like a lot of people from that gym are now at muscle factory. And once they come over, they ain't going back. You know what I mean? It's very much. It's funny because my gym is half the size of yours. It's 9,000 square feet. And when I first started training it was uncomfortable because it was small. I was used to huge gyms. Yeah, those giant super fit. It's got. And now I think it must be, it's probably because of all of our trips overseas. I'm comfortable in a small gym. Like, as long as you have everything we need, I don't need oxygen space. Yeah, yeah. I know what you mean. And so yeah, crazy. What about the the the positive memories from from bodybuilding in this weird world? From the year? Yeah. Um, um, positive things from bodybuilding this year. Wow. I mean, we were sort of hurting for positive things. Um, on a personal level and like a local level, we were able to put on a couple of shows. Mm-hmm. And no one thought we could pull off. And that was just because, you know, everyone just did their part and just made it happen. It was like such a group effort. Right. And so we were able to put a couple of shows on which and get some people qualified for nationals, which then got canceled. What did they do for you guys then with with with your guys and nationals? Those people carry over. Yeah. They're carrying over everyone and just trying to keep stuff flowing. You know, I've got it all on the website. I can't remember all the details. But yeah, they complicated year. Um, I think the Olympia really helped and obviously, I mean, obviously it helped. Fucking happened. But I mean, the way it went down, I think helped bodybuilding. Like I think Rami winning was good for bodybuilding. I think Clarita winning was good for bodybuilding. I think bum-stead winning was good for bodybuilding. I, um, I just, you know, it just feel like it was a good year. And when I say good for bodybuilding, I don't mean anything, uh, don't take anything away from the previous champions or anything like that. But just the excitement and a new group of fans is super happy. You know, like like the other guys fans were already happy because it won last year. But now this guys fans are all fucking super happy too. So it's like spreading the love around, I guess, you know? I just think it, you know, the positivity, how how everyone was able to go to Florida and sort of act normal. I think that almost trickled through the podcast. They're the stream. Right. I think like it, they were able to deliver like some like normalcy to us when they broadcast the Olympia this year. And just from how everything was presented like everyone on stage just stand in normal and Jay color just right behind everybody and Rami's kissing fill on the forehead. And, right. And, you know, like it, it just sort of made us all feel like, you know, we still got body in a single normal. Right. You know, I felt like a couple of things with that. Number one, true bodybuilders. And I mean female male, all divisions. There was a brilliant people. Like to think of the advancements that so many guys and girls made this year when thrown in the towel would have been easy. Not competing or not finding a way to train. I mean, I'm saying this all the way down to people you and I will never know, like my clients or your clients that just found a way to train, found a way to eat. Yeah. You know, it's it was good to see. And I also felt like at the Olympia, the one thing I noticed from the podcasts or I'm sorry, the, you know, the live deal podcast was I think people have an appreciation this year now. Because it was always at our fingertips. So it's so easy to bitch when things weren't perfect. When it wasn't exactly what it should be this year, like people like Holy Fuck, there was an Olympia. Holy shit. There was a way to watch it. And like, and like, and yeah, and bumstead, doubled the size of his back training and the basement with Ian on a fucking Chinese made, you know, those cheap kind of those Smith machine double stacks. It everyone's buying to put their basement. I can't remember the brand, but I know that it's from overseas and and it's training around one of those. And like Ian says, if you put like six plates on the Smith, the barben, so it drags. So he can only go to five plates on everything. Right. You know, but like they're in their training on that. And, you know, close gyms and all sorts of bullshit and Chris shows up with the back that twice as good as last year. Yeah. And Clarita, Clarita, but doing barbel rose and not not even having cables. And he shows up looking like that. And, you know, yeah, I know in the second, third and fourth, like they all improved. But they're never one at the same story. The only reason we know bumstead doubled the size of his back training in the basement is because he's a champion. So we're all paying attention to the story. But it was so drastic. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That was a two year transformation. Yeah. Exactly. There's a lot of people that made improvements and, and, you know, came in fucking looking awesome. You know, so yeah, crazy crazy times, man, crazy times. I'm hopeful that, you know, looking into the new year and years, that enough people have the feeling I do, which is I'll be honest, when you've traveled and done what we do for so long. I mean, I'm 13 years deep into worldwide travel now. Yeah. By the middle of the season, you're kind of burnt. I always was good at when you, when you walk into the expo hall of, of doing my job. But I wasn't always excited to get on the airplane to be honest with you. Um, now, whatever is left in my career of getting to do that is going to be recognized as lucky as shit. Yeah. You know, every single one no matter how tired it's going to be like, holy shit, I can do this one more time. I feel like I was almost there like it's kind of funny. We started season six and meet on a mission. And I like went and filmed two episodes. The only two that we did this year, right? We released them in like, I think February and March. I think or whatever, release them earlier in the year. But we went into those two episodes back to back in one trip, right? Three day trip. Remember, I came home and I was like, holy fuck, that's exhausting. I can't believe I have to do like four more of those trips. Right. And now I'm like, okay, I was just a little tired from all the traveling. I'm really, really hoping I get to do more of those trips. Right. You know what I mean? Like there's a little bit of trash kicked a few more times. Now, yeah, you realize I was like, I was a bit tired from all the traveling and flying and constant being on the road every month. But this year was more exhausting. So I would rather go back to being traveled tired rather than stress tired. Right. Do you know what I mean? Stress tired. This whole year has been stressed tired. I'm like, okay, you guys go back to being traveled tired and worn out because we have too many cool things to do. We can't get that all into a month for us. Yeah, for me, all these cool things to do. Fuck, you know. So yeah, that was noticeable. I got a shit ton of questions, dude. Let's get firing. And I'm going to, um, I have a bunch, but fire a couple and then I will toss some of your way as well. It's funny. This is the first one. Like, came across how come you guys don't have kids? Do you don't want kids? You can't have kids. What's a deal? For me, um, earlier in life and marriage and all that stuff, um, it was an idea. But I really was, I really wanted to be set up. Um, and then I think as time progressed, I got more selfish. I got more comfortable in what I want. And I had a more clear understanding of of what having a kid is and quite honestly, I bowed out. Like, it was not something I really wanted to do. That being said, uh, you know, I like kids that are other people's kids. I like to do things have fun, but I really, um, you know, I felt like if I was going to have a kid, it would have happened on accident. And I would have rocked that and been good at it. But, uh, no, it didn't, it was not something that I'd feel terrible. I'm an only child and my mother dreams of being a grandmother. And I feel like such a scumbag. Since I was like 25, I knew I didn't want to have kids. Um, you know, and then once I got my, like, got divorced, um, the first time I really looked, and I was like, if I met some of the kids, I would do it. But I still did not want my own. So it's like a weird thing, like, you know, most people like connection of, what's got to be mine. I'm like, ah, not me. So yeah, no, that's, that's not something I've ever desired, which is crazy. Like when I really got down to it, I love life the way it is. So I, guy, I would not change that. And I'm fortunate enough to have friends and family that have kids. So I get to be like cool uncle that like throws a bomb party or buys the gift and then bounces, you know? No, I, you know what my story is not that dissimilar from years except for I never got married or anything. But, uh, yeah, I remember, I remember being like, you know, when you're a clueless teenager, mm-hmm, and people would say, you know, you want kids that go, ah, maybe maybe just one or two. I remember I used to say that. Right. I don't really think it. Right. What are two? And then as I got older, I was like, hey, maybe one. And then when I was actually like, when I was actually an adult, like, I was like, holy fuck, I hope I don't knock somebody up. Right. Well, I hope I don't knock somebody up. And, and, uh, the years just kind of went by and I never knocked anybody up. And they just kept going by and I just kept fucking and nothing kept happening. And, and, uh, the story delivery is phenomenal. Keep going. And then I started taking a man. I'm just going to get away with this forever. This is awesome. And, uh, yeah, and then with, and then Emily and I started dating and she's an only child. And the only other kid in her family is her cousin and her cousin's adopted. Right. So there's not like a heavy pressure to have kids and her family. Everyone's like, you know, there's lots of love in her family, but it's real so it's not like she's got all these brothers and sisters that are spit and kids out. And there's all this. Where's your kid? Like, there's just not a that chat. Right. And, uh, she doesn't, she, you know, her and I discussed early because that was always a thing that I had like date one. You're probably. How's the shrimp? I have to ask you a question. Yeah. A date one. Are you going to want a bunch of fucking kids? Right. And, but delivered because I could actually see you saying that line, Emily. With your hands. You want to fucking kids? Yeah. So, so, uh, we just kind of agreed that we are very happy without them and we would talk about it later. Right. And then later, cane. And we were like, ah, so pretty happy without them totally fake. We need them. We should and then, and then the, yeah. And then we got the dog. And now she occasionally goes out of her way to go. She'll say, I'm so glad we have dog and not a kid. And so, I think she's pretty happy. And, uh, and it just comes down to, you know, asking yourself, I mean, people say, oh, you'd be such a good dad. And I'm like, yeah, but I don't know. Maybe I don't really want to be. I don't know. Right. Well, it's decided, I don't know. I just not a big deal to me. There's plenty of people out there. There's no shortage of new people. The being made every day. I like people. I like new people. They're all good. So, that's fine. But, uh, crossing the. Yeah. So, I don't know. I mean, you know, if it happened, it would happen. But it just doesn't happen. So, we're okay with it. We're really happy with like our simple life. We like our small condo. We like our dog. You know, we don't mind being that couple. You know, I like that. You know, it's funny. They, um, what, and there's there's greatness to any side of a of a situation. I think if that's where you're at. But, um, I like because literally, I mean, you when I, you less than mean out because you own the business business and my business is me. So, it's fine. But I do like that wherever I am at any moment in time is by choice. But yeah, like I can do this interview from anywhere. It will not be a shocker to you at some point when you're like, what's the background? I'm like, oh, I'm in Cincinnati. Oh, okay. You know, I took off yesterday because I watched a movie in Cincinnati. I had never been there. You know, and that, that is, uh, this funny because I used to get that a ton from people to the, you'd be a great dad. And I'm like, well, I'm a great uncle. Yeah, just because they brought a prince. I think if they hung around me long enough, they'd be like, it's probably good that you're not a father. Right, right, right. It's just, yeah, because the stories do get very twisted that you maybe don't want them to be pulled. Hey, what's going on, guys? Thanks for watching another podcast here. I think Big Body Building Media. And thank you to our great sponsor, True Nutrition.com for making this all possible. True Nutrition.com is owned by Dante Trudeau, the creator of DC training. You wanted to create a supplement company that offered high quality third-party test and supplements at a fair price. High quality protein powders, just about every type you could think of. Huge variety of flavors, plus health and performance supplements. Check them out, True Nutrition.com. And hey, if you use our code, advices, you directly support our podcast. Thanks, guys. Let's get back to the program. What else are we got? You got some good, I like this. Well, you let off big. Well, I had to get out of the way. You know, I didn't. It was, it was a good one. I knew you'd have something funny to say about it. So, you know what I mean? That's, that's a no for me, Doug. So, here's, here's one we've discussed it before, but I get it all the time, and I can't remember what you think. What percentage of underground GH do you think is legit? I mean, first off, I have to laugh because in in Chad did this during our interview the day and always laugh. I love in the body of the world that we create percentages. And we just go, yeah, that's about right. You know what I mean? Like, I brought it in 95% of I'm like, well, what's the other five? Look like. Nevermind. Right. It's all theoretical. Yeah, I mean, here's what I know. I think that there's probably quite a bit that's fake. Fortunately, number one, I don't use underground growth. But when I've heard of it or seen it around, someone will have already tested it. Right. You know, so that would be my rule of thumb with that. It's find out. And if you've been in this game very long, this information finds you. You know, I've always blown up because people are like, oh, how do bodybuilders come across XYZ? And I'm like, if you're the legit, it finds you. You know, someone will know to probably ask you if you need these things that wants to make some money. But yeah, I mean, I think a lot of the stuff is it seems I'm hearing really, really good reviews of a lot of the stuff underground. I just couldn't, I couldn't tell my best friend how to know because I don't, I don't do that stuff. Right. Right. Yeah, you know, I have to admit there were, there were a lot of years right. Didn't pay any attention to any underground GH at all. Like, I was actually, I actually didn't use a lot of GH. I was like, one of those guys that was like, oh, I see all these guys using all these generic kits for years and years and none of them got any better. So I just was like, why should I spend my money on it? So I was like a real resistor and I wasn't a big GH user. And I was a type of guy that would buy like a couple of the best kits I thought I could get and just use them like the last 10 weeks for the diet. Right. And the rest here when you use any, I'd be like 325 pounds, no GH. Yeah. And so I didn't use any offseason. And then a couple times I spent the money on the real stuff and used it for prep. And I was like, oh, I could take less of that works. So I don't know if the underground stuff was just weaker. Like, you know what I mean? But I still thought the underground stuff I used did something. Right. Like there was still like an effect. And but it was like only noticeable when I was dieting, you know, near the end. Yeah. I think that that's when, I mean, here and just being up front because I brought this up to people. My, when I get ready for a show, never fails, I will be below stageway that's some point during the prep. And then I start gaining weight and truth be told. And I think anybody who knows Biden understands that's as things start going up, that's when I'm at the peak of everything else, including growth. And when I have done growth at higher numbers and just to debunk all the craziness insane is eight units to me financially. It's just ton of money. And I will be gaining weight while getting harder for sure, right? But I do think too while we're on the subject, it's just a quick touch. Growth and insulin are not what people think they are. No, not at all. You know how to know that's just I can't, I mean, I get that said is growth a must to do. No, is no, no. I know a lot of guys that have turned pro and never used GH. Mm-hmm. Me too. And I also know a ton of guys that are pros now who stopped using insulin because they just, yes, me, me, you know, and it's such a normal and I get it. I was there. I remember when I was like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm gonna use insulin. I'm like, fucking huge. And I remember like starting it and being like, huh? Right. I guess, yeah. Where was the big bang I was waiting for? What happened? Yeah, yeah. Yeah. They are big misconceptions about those two. So I guess we didn't really answer the guys question, but we talked about GH for a while. So I hope that's good now. We talked about drug. You are. I'm sorry. Terrible. I was like, you know that, right? That's funny. Go ahead. You got one. I got tons. Let's see. Oh, I got a good one next. That one you already answered too. Okay. Uh, because mine already been answered. I have to throw this out like this. I'm going to make some noise. Um, what's your advice on home gym training for all these people who are now back to screwed on COVID? Remember that volume is inversely related to intensity. So if you're stuck with nothing but bands, you just do a lot of sets and reps. Just focus on trying to get a pump, a crazy pump in the muscle. If you can do that, like if if all you had was bands, I would just be focusing on getting a crazy pump. What do I have to do to get a pump in my quad? Max pump. We put in the bands over my shoulders and squatting against the bands. I'd be, you know, using whatever, maybe you got a barbell or something. Whatever you got, if you're only, if you only have 225, do sets of fucking 20 on the squat. This volume your legs, volume, volume, do a bunch of sets. Because the amount of weights and the intensity that you train at is inversely related to the amount of volume that you can tolerate. So, so like, fuck man, if you got to do 20 sets of 10 on the squat, that maybe that's what you got to do. 10 sets of 10, 10 sets of 20, fuck going to the garage and squat, two plates for as many sets of 20 as you could possibly squat. And by the time you get to, you know, set five or whatever you just fucked. And you have to get there. Find a way. For a client actually, it's got, here's equipment, but it's limited. And he has injuries, which alters some of what I could have had him do with the equipment he has. But he's got some weight. So I was like, all right, let's try something. We did set a 10 because it was heavy enough. I literally said, all right, you get X amount of time between attempts. And I want you to do sets of 10 until you fail at getting 10 twice. Right. So he's doing like two movements per body part. I'm like, just keep going. Yeah. And when you can't get it any more, you're smoked. And what was crazy is when the gyms opened back up, we had two things happen. Number one, he had to improve. Like visually, he was a better body brother, which was exciting. And number two, we tossed a lot of the bullshit we were doing. Yeah. He's like, man, I don't want to do this because he, we went right back into the older teens. And he's like, I got a better connection when I'm just blasting simple. I'm like, fuck it, toss it, toss it. Right. And the other change was weight, you know, which was cool. So I think a lot of us, not silver lining just honestly, realize a lot when you lose things that you think are so important. You know, like, ah, wasn't that great anyways, you know, right, right. Okay. I agree. I got a good one here. Which would you say was the peak era for extreme PED usage amongst the top pros? Okay. Tricky question for me. I want to argue that the, here's a tricky. I want to argue that the extreme numbers are probably higher now than they were before. But I think a lot of people assume in the 90s and 2000s they were because I think the drugs were better. Right. So I don't think it was necessarily the amount spec then. There are drugs now. Like, I had somebody ask a question the other day. And my initial response, which I didn't put out loud, was good luck finding real of that. Right. You know what I'm saying? But I think that, and I mean, I know it's a top pros, but across the board, I think that drug abuse is rampant now. Yeah. So my opinion on this is amongst the pros, I think drug use peaked, I had say in the early 2000s. And I have reasons to say that just from what I would hear in conversations I would have with people. However, I think drug use amongst pros is actually down a lot now. agree. However, drug abuse amongst amateurs, especially local and regional level, is at an all-time most ridiculous now. All-time worst. I got, I got to talk to a guy the other day. I mean, I told him I said, man, I just don't think I can help you. Like, I would love to take your money and give you a plan and have you make gains and improve on. But I just don't think I can help you. And I did his turn them away. And he was taking like 600 milligrams of trend a week with the thousand test. And he was just calling that like, I'm just on a bit of stuff. And I'm like, what do you want? He said, I'm just taking some tests and some trend. And I'm like, oh, well, you know, how much? And he was a 1000 test ant and 600 trend ace. And I was like, oh my god, I'm like, what the fuck is that? And he said, God's like, just offseason. And I was like, oh man. So I looked at his contest cycle for his last show that he didn't even look good at. And it was fucking crazy. It was like 3,500 milligrams a week. And then I just said, dude, I'm just, I'm going to give you like a little tiny stack. Like you're going to go off and clean out and fucking get smaller and feel like shit and get yourself healthy first. And you don't want to give me money to do that. Right. Like you're going to pay me to have the worst four months of your life. Right. Because that's what you need, you know. So what do you do? So that's the stuff I see. And but amongst the top pros from who I talk to and what they say, things have changed. The health of the body is now understood to be one of the reasons that you get in good condition. You know, if your kidneys aren't healthy and your liver is not healthy and your blood work shit, maybe that's why you don't look good. Maybe that's why you're not appearing to be hard and fresh. You know, all the things that we like to see in a physique nowadays, you know, like, you know, it's like, look at Chris Bumstead on stage. And I mean, you and I know Chris more than the other people do. The people that are trying to look like Chris are fucking killing themselves. Yep. Trying to look like Chris. And I got news for all of you. You're not Chris. Chris does fucking nothing and walks around at 270 pounds and put remember that he didn't he didn't get this 500 for reps. He didn't know when I love you when get this, but until until the Olympia height, he realized he has 10 more pounds. So he's been being cautious. Not even cautious, man. Like like trying, no, I'm saying, trying not to grow to us. Like, yeah, that's what I mean, what to grow. Like it's just grow too big. It's it's it's it's crazy. You know, this the the people look at those physiques and they think they and they think that what they're doing is what they're doing. And it's like, no, man, the divide between I mean, I remember talking to Jay about this and Jay telling me like being very honest about like 2004. We were going for it. And you're like, that's it. Yeah, even you who knows, thinks it's going to be a little higher because he said we were going all in. You know, just stuff like that. So it's, yeah, it's just important to know when we are I'm not trying to ruin anybody's day out there. No. Anyway, this is all I think you also have to realize that there's levels to genetics. I didn't really think of this until I I got called out by a friend. When I think of genetics, I think of Bumster. I think of Dexter, you know, guys that have it on all levels. And then my buddy goes to me. He goes, what do you weigh right now? Because I said something about my shit and I actually know. And I mean, I'm talking structure in blah, blah, blah, blah. Right. Um, he goes, what do you weigh right now? And I think it was 284, 282. This is a couple of months ago. And I was like, yeah, I don't know whatever. And he goes, how long it makes it you pushed for size. And I was like, oh, years, only meals do you eat a day right? I'm like, I don't know. 4. Because 284, eating four times a day and just training your ass off because you love it. It's not a level playing field. Right. And that was like a wake up because it's true. It's like the average person with their weight and nothing. People can't even tell when I'm on or off based on my left because they don't change that much. I lose a rapper too. So you realize that, you know, like, I'm in like I post it up the other day. Like I started pushing just the diet for a couple of weeks. Like really consistently. And I woke up and I was like, oh, 27. Well, yeah, your your triceps, your triceps look enormous right now. Yeah. It's like the doing bodies just adapting to you very big. You know, and I'm like, yeah, I haven't started the other things. Like I haven't taken growth. I haven't taken insulin. I'm thinking, so okay. So what I thought was going to take X amount of time is going to take half of that. Right. You know, and that's just food. So there's definitely levels this. You look at a guy like a bomb stud and you just got to realize like, okay, but he's not human. Yeah. So let's not look at him. And I realize now I said he walks around at 275 pounds. I meant he walks around at 250 pounds, but he looks like he's 275 pounds. Yeah. That's the thing. Like when I saw him, I go, how much you wait? And he's like, where I, I guess 255 and he said, oh, I'm like 250, three or something. Right. And I said, that's hilarious. That purposely gets super low because you look like you're 275. Right. Would you still speak to him and ramen? Yeah. Like, here's a crazy thing. Actually, it looks real good. Next to his next to him. Finally, I'm not saying he's as big. Don't know. We missed my words. Yeah. But I got to tell you right now, if I pose next to ramen, the difference is very, very much more drastic. And I'm closer to his weight. Right. You know, but it would just be an embarrassing thing to do. That's funny. Okay. So my turn? Yes, fire another one because I haven't been talking to you instead of looking. What, what health supplements did you take during your prime? And which do you still take now? Oh my god, I take a ton all the time. I just did a list of them the other day. I took a picture because it's, you know, it's never, I mean, I got $300 and supplements a month. Yeah. It helps supplements. Yeah. I, I use a lot of stuff now. Use more now. I mean, like, oh, wait, I laughed at the, I still came in pronounce. Half of them. I just know what they, I didn't really take, I didn't really take health supplements when I was trying to get huge. Right. I took like fish oil and glucosamine vitamin C. And that's pretty much, that's pretty much all I took and a multivitamin. And I threw the odd thing in here and there. But that's really all I ever took for like almost all my years of bodybuilding. Yeah. And, and then since I retired and returned 40, I take like everything from Resvera tall to Ashwaganda to Stralligas to Ubigwin all vitamin K on my team. I actually take a garlic supplement because it's so good for your blood. And I don't really like garlic. Like, you know, unless I go to a time restaurant or something, but I don't really eat garlic. So I take a garlic supplement. What else do I take? Shit, Tombaric and Cricumen. Did you do a transvera tall? I'm sure you take that. I haven't taken transvera tall. No. This route resvera tall. Okay. Citrus Bergmont. Yes. Yes. Citrus Bergmont. I take and there was, there was another one I just, uh, oh, yes, and that card atone, which has been hard to get on Amazon, even with that new company making it. Really? It's different up there because I had some Canadian athletes that were like, when you get on my Amazon, like, yeah, it's been hard to get up here for a little while, but I was taking card atone for the last several years straight. I just literally looked at my list here. Yeah. I'm just trying to remember of these two giant top-aware trays, like, you know, bread boxes, full of bottles. And they're up in my shelf. So I pull them both down every night. And each bread box has probably 10 to 12 bottles in it. Right. And I just fill a coffee mug with pills. So they're ready for the next. Let's take a quarter fall and I pound them, take a big drink. And then I fill the other once pound them, you drink. And I go to bed. I just take, I take everything and the morning and I take everything at night. Yeah. So I've got, it's fine. I took a picture of my drawer. I have a slide out drawer that everything just fits perfectly in your hose. So I can literally just one at a time pop them open. It's two in the morning, two at night. You know what I mean? Yep. Pile them up because I know a lot of people have, have the pill box on, I just, I'm not going to do that. I have a drawer. Yeah. So somebody asked me, like, what do you take? I literally just took a picture and posted up like that. And the higher drawer full of shit is what I take every single day. But you know, it's crazy. Thanks Dante. You, you, the classic is it's actually him that put me on probably two thirds of that stuff. But you could tell the difference. You could, right, absolutely. And back to what you were saying about the drugs earlier, then I did find when I bumped up just barely just normal stuff. Your body's not unhealthy. So it just seems to work better. And the thing you do take work better because your body's not already fighting for its fucking life. Hey, I've, I've always had good blood pressure. But since I started using like some of the subs that I added, like there were certain ones that I added. And I can't remember, I would have to go back to my emails with Dante. But certain things he told me to take and I added them. And like within a couple weeks, my morning blood pressure dropped. And I was like, oh, yeah. Fuck, like, drop, like, like 110 over 65. We had to back down because the cardatone was usually a two a day thing. I had pulled back to one of the things my blood pressure got too low. Right, right, right. He warned me of that. But at my weight and my doctors were always kind of like, you're a little high up at your size and we expected. So I was okay with it. And it got to the point that it was low. I was like, oh, shit. Okay, you were right. Again, I didn't want to surprise that you're right every time you tell me something. But I went too low. So now it's one a day. You know, I've got three bottles of it in there for the same reason. When the Canadian people this year with COVID started having hard time getting the cardatone, I bought extra because I went for it. Yeah, if they're having trouble, maybe I'll have trouble. The cardatone is my toilet paper, man. I need extra. Here's another one for you, Dusty. Because you're the expert on these. Yes, square plates matter. Oh, biggest, biggest mistake. Biggest mistake people make with racchains. Oh, my god. Can I list like 10? First, I'm going to work. Well, here's the deal. Because the biggest mistake is they lean backwards. You want your body should look like an L at the top. You're doing a row. Yeah, your legs are straight out. Your back is completely vertical. I mean, very close to completely vertical. Just enough that you get your chin out of the way is the key. From there, I'm just going to walk down to everything else. People grip too close with their hands. When they get tired, it becomes more and more a high row. And then the other thing is that it's a small detail, but I think I suggest not to put me on a year's ago was cross your feet at your ankles because you will notice if you push off with your hamstring, you do that. If not, you're hamstring. It's the nature of your body is always hard. I'll help. And you'll push off of your heels on that. So, very key. And then the last thing which is not really a mistake with something you should work on is negatives are everything on a reaction. I absolutely obsess over at least a four count negative and guys, it's count not second for seconds as a long fucking time. It's literally four, three, two, bottom. And if you pause at that bottom also, that'll make it even worse, which is what you want. So, you know, those little details will be key and I did promise to put a video up this week of executed correctly. Because you know this, we get tagged and stuff quite a bit. And I feel bad because I'm going to tag me in a video of a reaction and they're destroying it. So, I'll message them and be like, hey, I don't want to comment on your post because it'll look like a dick move. But here are all the things that are not correct with that. Right. You know, and then usually they'll be smart up, say it down. And adjust. But that is why people don't think it's as good as I do. If you do it wrong, it's a fucking body weight high row. Of course it doesn't do shit. Right. Right. Anyway, no. Yeah. Oh, so yeah, key. All right. I got a million here and I keep trying this off because it makes sense. I'm blaming you like that. I have a bunch of marked for you, dusty. Oh, I love this. Oh, here's the one that I would like to ask you because my training partners do this. What is it with people now putting the foam roller on their back in the hacks what? Yeah. I don't get that. So, what I've seen is they're putting the foam roller under the shoulder pad. So, pushes their upper body forward more. Yep. I think that just turns it more into a leg press. Yeah. I like it. I got 45 degree leg press, too. Yeah, you're just like, you know, you're in a hip extended position on the hacks squat. But the more you bend it to hip, they're now you're in the poopy press that Joe, that Joe doesn't like, right? You're in that stupid hammer strength poopy press fucking thing that they call a hacksquap. And no one else calls a fucking hacksquap. You know, this is a hacksquap and now you're in the poopy press. And so I think when you put the pad under the shoulders, it just moves you up like that. Technically, you probably able to lift a little bit more weight because your hip flexed a little bit. And that would bring more glutes and hams in because I mean, that's a whole, you know, reason you're so strong on a leg press is because you're, you know, your hip flexed. Right. So, I don't know. I'd never tried it. So, I'm maybe it makes you weaker. I don't know. But I don't quite understand why they're doing it. Maybe someone did it on a certain brand of hacksquap because they felt they liked it better. And then it got put on Instagram and then someone else started doing it and then someone else, oh wait, that's how most of this stuff happens, dusty. Right. That's a deal though, because actually, because that was asked to mean, I think because Tommy and Will were both doing that. And I'm funny. I'm like, you're comfortable. Okay. But I don't even when I'm training, I'm doing what I need to do. And as long as you're not doing something stupid that's going to hurt you. Yeah. So I don't even ask why you do that. I don't know. So technically, that doesn't make it riskier or anything like that. It's not like someone is doing something that you're like, you know, like I saw one guy once. He put two 25 pound plates on the hacksquap and he put his heels on them. Right. And I was like, dude, those are metal plates on a metal foot plate. There's nothing stopping those just shoot off under your heel. Like, they're literally sliding around and he's like, trying to get them centered for his heel. And they put his heels on him. And the one like moves a little and they like move it back with his foot and starts wrapping out. And I'm just like, when I'm over and I'm like, hey, man, there's no, there's no grip happening there. Yeah. And I own this gym. You're not doing this. Yeah, like if you lift your toe, then that that plate now goes and shoots off. So it's not like that sort of stuff. Because that stuff I would speak up about. But doing it as an alteration like that, as on as it doesn't look like they're going to get hurt or anything. I'm, do they feel stronger? Do they move big weights? Do an interview? They take a plate off. I think, well, I mean, I think Tony was just having a hip and pinchment issue. So I think he was hip. Yeah, he's working around something and it was funny this week. I had been nagging him about getting, uh, swatches. And he got them started in last week. And this week, uh, the pad was gone. Right. So he elevated his heel a little bit, which helped out his hip a little bit, thought it out of the chair. Because I am a big fan of that. Um, and I, I definitely overstate this. So I don't want people think I'm completely in it. But, uh, someone will say like, well, what's the best position for your feet on a hack squat? I mean, or a leg press. And they're talking about toe positioning, not higher low and I'll go, or you feel strongest. Yeah. Like, that's the most generic answer. I can get into detail. But if, if something hurts, that's not the right way. Um, you know, those types of things. But yeah, I'm not a fan of that. And I definitely can't see why that's a good idea. You know what I mean? Okay. I have one for you. It's very important. Shoot. You need to hear your reasoning. Oh, boy. You can only have one fruit for the rest of your life. What fruit is it? I think I think I think I think one fruit. An orange. An orange. Yeah. Okay. What about, what about berries? What if you can only have one berry? What's your berry? Blackberry. Blackberry. I love blackberries, but that is raspberry jam. There you go. Oh, the orange is because I like oranges and cinnamon with tequila. Ah. I used the healthiest thing I've ever eaten during an unhealthy adventure. See, the, you know, tequila lovers like the rock would appreciate that that you chose that for your tequila. Yes, very key. So now what is the, so the salt lime tequila is the traditional you know, is that actually a Mexican thing or did the Americans make that up? I don't know. But I do know that I'm assuming that's actually a Mexican thing and I assume yes, but it's like kind of probably an old thing that's not really forced anymore. And now it's now it's just the, it's kind of like the way you do it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So if you're a frat or a, a srody girl or a frat guy, yeah. And again, the day you're really shining them like it up to make some bad decisions. So if they want to Where did the orange and cinnamon is that like an ultra hipster Scottsdale invention? Well, this is going to shock you. And it's the down for this. Oh, good. You're already sitting. Jose Raymond taught me that. Oh, see tequila lovers. Right. We were, we were at the Arnold. Yeah, classic. I believe he had just won. And he was like, you do tequila. I'm like, it's the only drink I like. So we ordered silver and I hear him say, do you have oranges and cinnamon? And I'm like, the fuck, you know, I immediately thought of the hangover. You know, when, when Allen is putting pepper on the tiger's stake and he states the tiger's love pepper, but they hate cinnamon. And I was like, what is happening right now? One shot. And I was like, I never need to see a lemon or salt again. Perfect. Aim changing. So silver is the tequila. Right. Orange and cinnamon. Everyone, you're welcome for your education on it's there's a lot of the thing and alcohol. I appreciate that. I think if I had to pick one one fruit, I think it'd be bananas. Makes sense. It's a shake thing also. It's their versatile. They go with good with peanut butter. Go get with chocolate and the music on the road. You need to eat. You don't need to put them in a container. They already have one. I don't know. Tough to peel like an orange. That's one. Yeah. He's on orange. Yeah. Yeah. There's the very, very fast. True. Yeah. You know, I think that would be the high end potassium. Just really the real reason you want it. They're good. So that would be my pick. And if I only had one berry, I think I'd go strawberries. Yeah. I'll get you. I'll find you on that. I'm a cheap ass. There's a lot. I knew that was important. I knew that was important. But you're tequila story really nailed home your reasoning. Yeah. I think a lot of people were probably a little confused like an orange. Because yeah, it's definitely not. There's nothing convenient to me about an orange. Like in the mass. People right now were down to like 10 listeners. Yeah. I brought them back. I brought them back. It was a good episode until they started talking about fruit. Oh, here's one that I need to ask you. Because I actually answered this. I'm like Q&A, but if I feel tired from a long day and week, would you push through the workout or just do it the next day? I'm asking you because you're a business owner. Meaning I don't think you know what it feels like to be rested anymore. Read the question again. I need to know if I missed anything. If I feel tired from a long day and week, would you push through the workout or just do it the next day? Yeah. So, okay. So here's my one sidebar. Copy that. It was going to use a word caveat. But I opted out and used sidebar. That's long story as to why I did that. I had a conversation in my head about which word be used. So you didn't think I'd know the caveat is go ahead. Wasn't about you, does the I know you would know that. Define tired. So, okay. Is there a situation when I was in my days or even now? Where I would postpone a workout or delay a workout due to being tired? Yeah. There is a situation which would do that. But the definition of tired might not match what another person would define as tired. I would have to be like not able to actually train. Like functionally shutting down. There's no way that this can happen. But otherwise, get your ass in the fucking gym and have yourself a 45 minute high intensity smasher and get it to bed and know that you won the day. That's what I would say. And I just say back to like, I used to go to football practice and hit and hit and hit. And both my knees would be bleeding and then I'd walk to the gym and squat. My mom had picked me up at 7.30. I trained for like two hours straight. And then I'd go home and just eat and eat and eat and skip all my homework and go to bed. Which is good. Like a good teenager. I said, as you should, I mean look where you're looking at your life. Good decisions. I know. You know what the reason that I brought that up though was he specifically said from a long day. Yeah, there's that doesn't sound. Yeah, I think you have to, that doesn't sound urgent in that. Yeah, just like you said like here's how my answer was on my Q&A was, I don't remember when I owned the retail stores ever, not having a long day. I would have had to take in seven years of my life off from the gym. Yeah, because I was always tired. I don't remember ever feeling rested. But did find that when you get in the gym and get moving, it's there. Also, if you know that you're not backing out of that workout and you develop a habit of not backing out of that workout, it actually carries over to the next long day and you make more efficient decisions. Right. We also, I think everyone's long day could be improved. And what you do when you get there. So yesterday, coincidentally when I was at this, I've actually been sleeping well, just crazy. Like five hours a night. And I made this decision because I've been staying up super late that I would go to bed earlier and try to get six hours. Well, all that had happened was I slept for an hour, then I woke up and I was up for seven hours. I got one more hour of sleep. I got time to eat one meal and then go train. But I never crossed my brain that I was going to skip the workout because we had the show today and I was losing my train today. So I was like, fuck it. We're training. Got to the gym completely planned on executing our normal routine. And second movement was Barbell Rose. Got four or five on the bar and I'm pulling them like it's nothing, but there was no connection. Like I wasn't feeling it. I was just pulling weight and I put the bar down. I looked at Tommy and I said, that's not heavy. How's it look? It goes like you're just pulling 400 pounds. And I go, it's probably do something else on these like, yes, because I could pull 500 pounds but I probably would have gotten hurt. So I wondered my way over, had a great work slowed down the reps, got on the good old hammer row, and played it safe. I think that is the difference. It's also when you get to the gym knowing like, this isn't feel heavy but I don't feel anything. This is probably unsafe for me to get in that 550 range today, even though the weight is moving. Right. You know, so that would be how I take it. But again, two hours of sleep, there was no intention of not going to train. Right. You know, so I think that that is is absolutely key. And like you said, if you get to the gym and it's really not there, then maybe you go home. So one of my favorite quotes, one of my favorite quotes is Michael Jordan said, every time I didn't feel like working out, I had a rule. I'd go to the gym. I would get changed. I would put on my shoes and I would lace them up. I would put my headphones in and I would start my music. And if I still felt like going home, I go home. But I never went home. I love because of Michael, like that last line right there is so accurate. But I never went home. You know, it's freaking gold. And it is. It sits. I mean, that's, you know, if you really want out of that workout, that's okay. Go to the gym, get your music going, get your strap song, get your belt out, get your drink filled, go over, say, all you got to do is go warm up a bit. And then you could go home. You could walk right out that door. All you got to do is just, you know, get it warmed up. You know what I mean? All right. I need you on this one. Okay. Well, I know we've discussed this, but I need some guidance. This is selfish of course. It's me. It's what we need. So the question was outside of peaky blinders, which you know is more my favorites. What are un-missible series that we need to be watching? And you're an expert. So go. Wow. I don't know. And don't give me the normals like Dexter and we know those. What else? Wow. It's hard to word un-missible. That's pretty. It's a pretty big one. Sorry, we're going to like mention like something breaking bad and stuff. Yes. Yes. You know the J. So I thought maybe you meant like brand new stuff. No, no, no, no. Yeah, overall. Because I, you know, I mean, I've only watched like four. So I like the stuff that's over. So I can have years of episodes to watch in three weeks. So I always say this for my sci-fi fans out there. They know I'm a trekky. Everyone who doesn't know I'm a trekky. You have seen all the star tracks and a big fan. But as far as outside of that genre, or outside of that, what's it called? Brand. Right. The battle star galactica that came out. It was like four seasons or five seasons long. In like the mid 2000s. I thought that was fucking awesome. It was so well done. I fucking really enjoyed that show. It was like it had a lot of surprises in it. Good casting, great writing. The world they live in is really interesting. You know, like the writers did a great job on that. So battle star galactica was one of my favorite series. I recommended to anyone who's into sci-fi at all. And it's not even really about sci-fi. It's like it might as well be a ship like an ocean going ship. It doesn't matter the current space. Right. It just happened to be in space. But it's not a space show. Right. It could just as easily be like an old time sailing ship, which is kind of almost a bit of the flavor they gave it. Like the first mate has got a new fiat scent and he's a drinker and he's kind of like a pirate. You know? And it's got some flavor to it. And then I've said this before. But the way they wrote the show like the ships are still pretty mechanical. It's not all magic. Like there's a there's an engine room where parts are moving and they've got a thick shed and it's kind of it's cool. It's the world they created is cool. They don't use computers because the enemy is a can. And so none of the computers can be connected. They have computers but they can't be connected. They can't have networks. Right. So the ships they've had to like, you know, operate old school and they're writing stuff down and it's like it's really cool. And I enjoyed that series a lot because I'm a sci-fi fan. Right. But it's not about sci-fi. And then the enemy that is the enemy in the show is just fucking awesome. And then there's some really, you know, we all love some good-looking women in the cast. Yes. There's there's it. They did a good job with that show, you know? They got the evil woman who's like this beautiful actress from Canada. Of course. And then they cast Katie Sackhoff who's like this really kick-ass chick to play Starbucks who's a very important character. And so yeah, it's a great series. But I would say breaking bad. I would say sons of Anarchy. There's so many great shows. One of the things that I really enjoyed, there was a series we just watched. And it had Nicole Kidman and Hugh Grant in it. And it's brand new and it's called the undoing. Never seen it. Never heard of it. See, this is why it asked you. And we were recommended it. And I think we watched it on Netflix. Yeah, I think it was on Netflix. It might have been on Crave. But you have to look for it. But it's called the undoing. And it was good because, you know, killer cast Nicole Kidman and Hugh Grant. So you're dealing with like top notch. I'm just looking at up here to see him what it's on. What was the how many seasons? Just one. It's an HBO show. Okay. It's an HBO show. And it's like, or were there even more episodes now after COVID? No, it's like a limited series. Yeah. Oh, it's a one-dom. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. So, but it's great. So it's yeah. So it's it's it was good. I like seeing that. It's one of those like what the fuck is going on. You know, one of those types of things. You, uh, did you, did you get trapped? Because it sounds like one of those ones where you have an intense end of going to stop to the episodes that you better watch. Yeah. There was one night. There was one night. I think it was like, I think there were eight episodes. Right. And I can't remember, but there was one night where we just went through four. You couldn't stop. Yeah. There's not like it's kind of one of those things where there's a, you know, Hugh Grant's a husband Nicole Kidzman's a wife. And somebody's dead and you don't know who killed them. And you don't know. She, like, you just don't know what's going on with these two characters. This husband and wife character. And there's kids involved. And there's, it starts. Yeah. It gets real fucked up. I can just imagine I could, I could see you, like half dead looking over to Emily. Like one more. She's like, yes. That was a good series. That's what we recommend. Asia right now. We watch a few things. You know, Emily picks a series. We'll watch it. It'd be good. But the undoing we were like, I'm actually going to mention that to people. Right. Yeah. That's, that's, that's my, I had somebody mentioned to me, uh, yellowstone. Have you seen that? No, I haven't, but I've heard it. It's, you have heard it's great. Okay. I need to jump that one because now I have to watch this purely on a recommendation. And I trust Matt, different Matt clients. But I'm, I'm going to go for it. So I'm going to, I'm going to have a review in a week. I guess. I don't want to know what my, my big, new years resolution is. I'm going to watch an episode of that show. You're welcome. You picked it up here. Oh, that's the, is that the Kevin Costner one? I believe so. There you go. That's a tough one. He's, he's not any good. He's never done. He's worth watching. Three seasons. Yeah. Yeah. I know the one you're talking about. Yeah. Okay. Fair enough. We're diving into that this week. It's my big goal. Big goal. All right. You got another one over there. My, my big goal. The tackle. It's UV series. I'm not scared, Rod. I can do this. The dogs are in. So give, give people. So let's say you're new to bodybuilding. And you just want to, you know, you're not running crazy stuff. You just want to get on the basic blood work. What, what do you check? What do you check off? What do you ask your doctor for? Quick check list of like the main things that you want to start with. Usually, um, at least here, they have a basic, what they will call like a basic male, um, health, like screening you can do. And the only thing I ask clients to add to that is, um, is they have to add their, uh, the thyroid to it. Because here in the states, that's not an auto ad, but on a male side, the test, the free test are all kind of part of the deal. Um, but the thyroid is not. So those are the, the only additions that I add to that basic run. And in that basic one, there's a basic liver enzyme. They probably check the ALT and the creatinine and the GSR for the kidneys. All your major organs minus obviously a full heart scan, um, which, which I actually, I actually tell people well, obviously, maybe this guy's, you know, not, not going hard, but, you know, if you're a big dude and you're, you know, three hundred pounds and all that stuff, you should get an ECG done or an ECG. Yeah, whatever, whatever the cardio gram one is, you know, yeah, yeah, that's actually, um, something I have not, I was, I told Don's, I wanted to do it this year and he was, like, absolutely. And then she got to be a mess. So I have not done, I have not done that yet. So I met luckily, I got blood work done right before the shutdown when it was in a hassle. Right. It was like mint. So I actually haven't gotten blood work done again this year because I mean, that's not a can. And we are stuck. You're so clean. It's, it only probably got better from there. Yeah. No, I still have gotten her blood work done. Um, but I'm stoked to hear that someone's asking that because I had a, you'll, you'll love this run. I think I might have called you bitching about it a few months ago. But um, how did I come in was on a pretty massive, uh, cycle? And I said, listen, for me to help you, I need to see your blood work. Because I don't like this and I don't want to be handed a mass by you. And then you get sick and the world says, oh, it does do that. Right. Um, so I gave, I, I want him to do a full panel. So, you know, it wasn't going to be cheap. And I'll never forget he went to get it, uh, scheduled and he emailed me back and he said, how often am I going to have to waste my money on this? Because all I want to do is get big. Right. And I remember reading that word, waste your money and I was like, I don't profit off of this. I have literally pretty much told you that the reason I'm doing this is I'm certain you have fucked up your health. Right. And before you die, I don't want to be on my watch. And all you got out of it was this is a waste of money. Right. Yeah. Yeah. You know, I just find, um, and it's funny because this is a question I have, uh, that I'm going to do in two seconds. But, uh, no one, at least in the body, even though it feels like no one is concerned with their health and to others sick. Yeah, until they get a scare. I know what you mean. I know lots of guys like that. I know lots of guys that are, you know, they're like, oh, I got a bit of a kidney thing, but, you know, I'm just, you know, just taking a little bit of anodrol. It's like, oh, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You know, what, uh, no, I haven't asked yet. I haven't asked you about your Christmas yet. Well, um, I don't do traditional Christmas. Um, do you have a festive as poll? So to know, and I don't do the religious Christmas, because I'm not religious. Um, so essentially for me, Christmas is just a day. Like, and I don't buy, uh, fortunately, not kids, which I guess that part would be cool. I've kids. I'd love to spoil this. Just shit out of some kid. But, um, the only thing that I do is, um, I put aside an amount of money that I donate to different causes, things like that, just because kind of feel like you should. Um, and then, you know, I do a dinner. I did two nights in a row, my mother's house. Uh, okay, which is, uh, me trying to... That's, that's, that's all Christmas is about. Yeah. That's the best part. Yeah. We went over there, had fun, and we went real traditional. We did tacos. And, uh, Arizona Christmas. See, and if I can desert people. Yeah. We would, by my, I was like, what do you want for Christmas? And I hate, that's what happens to people when they don't have weather. Yeah. Yeah. You're like, oh, we should yeah, because I'm not, well, can you imagine if I was like a mom and some soup, you'd be like, what? It was 76 degrees Christmas day, you know? But, uh, I had, uh, Tommy and Abby on came over my mother's house, and, uh, Tommy and I had a eating competition on accident. It just happened. So, there were, I want to, I don't, I, I, I assume the Tommy won up, I mean, I stopped at 17 tacos. There you go. Um, and I think he did 18, but I think with his metabolism, he should have had to have done 34. Right. You should get like a 1.5 to 1 ratio or something like that. At least, this fucking kid's metabolism. I remember, I think I told you this on the show. I was prepping him last year, and I was before the shutdown, everything became a mess. And I was, I'm looking at his diet, he's kind of dropping quick, you know, and I'm like fuck. So I pull up his diet to make some adjustments, and I'm like, holy shit, I'm reading the diet. It was like, fuck, where's the diet? This isn't it? So I texted him, I said, hey, this is embarrassing, but I don't know what the fuck I did. I lost your diet. I don't know what you're doing right now. Like, everything was just cranking, you know? So he sends me the diet. It's the exact one that I had, but the calories were too fucking high. Like, this has to be confusing. This has to be confusing. So that, so that I texted my, said, you know what to just just pull the cardio then. And he goes, well, I'm not doing any cardio. I was like, well, fuck, what did we do? I said, I go back and I look, you know, the only change I made was I took out the 14-ego waffles he was eating. Right. You just took the thing, look, the diet. You lifted the diet and you're like, let's remove a goes and put in oatmeal. So like, that probably would be a change I ever did in the very beginning of the prep and I'm like, I literally thought to myself, this kid's life sucks. I've had people like that before too. You look at the diet and you're like, okay, meal five is a giant bowl of ground beef and pastah with hamburger helper in it and a piece of cake. So I'll just change that meal to a big steak and a pretty big potato. We're going to switch the flavor of the cake. Yeah, and all the sudden, we got three pounds of wheat. He's like, oh, it's off to the races and you're like, Jesus Christ. Yeah, is that bad? So I told him that when he walked in because I was at like 10 tacos when he walked in, he showed up extra late knowing that I would be late, which I thought was impressive. That's interesting. He was like, I didn't want to be here before you. So I showed up 40 minutes late. You watch any movies. We didn't. I had big promises too and then I just, I was out of my house for too long. You know, I have limits. So I had, I had an experience that I rather enjoyed. Oh, you know me, you know, I like to, I like to force other people for their own good. Give her two enjoy some of my favorite things. Just awkward and less never made. Right. In a friend's way. So, you know, Emily and I couldn't go anywhere. My dad's 80 won. He's on the island. Yadiyada, yada, yada, her mum was an emiton. So we couldn't really go anywhere. But we have a very good friend who actually has no family at all. And so she didn't have any where. She doesn't really have anywhere to spend Christmas rolls around. She's just been a good friend of ours for a long time. And we thought, well, let's have her over. You know, she's not, you know, we'll have her over. We're going to have her Christmas dinner anyways. Emily and I made like, well, I made mashed potatoes. Because that's for the fucking try. So come in, right? Yeah, man. She had I made the mashed potatoes like a fucking boss. But Emily went and bought pre-cooked turkey that was already sliced from Whole Foods. Like turkey dinner turkey. Yeah. And bought some gravy. And then we made the potatoes and she made the vegetables. And then we made a dessert and all that stuff. So it was like kind of a half made half heated up in the oven Christmas dinner. Right. And it was fucking awesome. Fantastic. And then the best part. The best part was within like an hour of eating. The dishwasher was running and the kitchen was cleaned and it looked like nothing had happened. I'd back that. Amazing. So anyways, I get to the best part. So we're like, let's watch a couple movies. You know, let's Christmas. Let's watch a couple Christmas movies, right? So Emily hadn't seen Bad Santa and neither had she. She had a name. So this is a friend of ours. She don't need to know. I do need to know. Text me. Go ahead. So Sarah. So she never seen Bad Santa either. So I'd be at Santa. Awesome. Fantastic. I enjoyed sharing Bad Santa with gift. It's a good job. If to them. Yeah, it was pretty good. Then we just it just happened to come up. You know, it was like related to what you viewed holiday movies. Right. I'm like, have either one of you ever seen diehard? Yes. And so we started it. So I'll just put it on to show it to you. 1988, little time machine boom, throw it on. This is the this is diehard. This is how it starts. And we just sat and watched the whole movie. And it was, you know what? I know I joke about watching diehard every year for Christmas, but it's really not it's really just on TV and you kind of see it. Yeah, you should have watched it. But I haven't sat and watched like beginning all the way through to the end without like switching a panel or checking out another movie or going to eat or you know something like that. It was actually a sitting watch diehard. It's been a long time. If I could still hold up, man. Of course it does still hold up. It's solid. It's solid. It still holds up. It's like you don't watch it and go and go like, oh, this was good. You watch it. It's pretty good. Good action movie. Like, yeah, yeah. You know, some good lines, some pretty solid script, solid story. You know, obviously it's like funny because the tech is in 1988. There's no, you know, not on cell phone. Yeah. So it's, it's, you know, they're not on cell phones. And you know, it's like a different world that they're in, right? So anyways, I enjoyed the fact that I got bad-santed and diehard at someone this, this Christmas. I feel like you gave a gift that they will now be able to re-gift. I made, I like to make other people better human beings dusty. One, you know, if you don't know you became a fucker, I mean, how are you even a, wow. Well, think of it this way. If the aliens come down and when they ask for a bunch of great movies, I, I think I should be on the committee. I'm going to tell you this because I was waiting for my opportunity. I think you should have a career, a job. You should be the guy that reviews anything. Like I would list, I would go to Ron's review to make a decision if I was watching a movie, reading a book, going to a concert. Am I going to listen this fucking new ACDC album? Hold please. Let me ask what Ron would do. And I died from there. And by the end, because the thing is, is I've heard you give negative reviews. You're not afraid to be like, hmm, no, right? No. So yeah, I'm, I'm think that we're going to talk to my people. The gym is going to have to let you do that out of the back office. Yeah, definitely going to have you give a review of my life. So you're going to leave some shit out and whatnot. Yeah, so we have one more thing to cover Ron, which is an important question. And that is, New Year's resolutions. Do you, or former against them? Are you think people should do them? And what is yours? And if you don't have one, make one up because I said so you know what? I don't normally do them. They're not something I'd ever really cross my mind. I normally approach the New Year with a sort of a desperate panic to try to get the things I didn't do that year done. I love it. You know what, because I know it's not true, but go ahead. I don't, I don't, I honestly never crosses my mind. I've never, I don't know if I've ever made a New Year's resolution. I do remember one year I started my contest prep on January 1st. So I guess that's a closest thing I ever came to. That was my very first show. It started my diet January 1st. I remember. Yes. Funny. So that'd be the closest thing I ever came to New Year's resolution. You know? Yes. So this year, this year's going to be different. I tell you. So my, my thing is this, I'm a huge believer in resolutions. I am, I think you're full of shit if you're starting on the first of January. Because if it was a resolution, you would start December 28th. Because that's right now. Right. Because the thing is you're going to have reasons to not do your diet or whatever the hell it is that you're doing after New Year's Eve. Right. And I especially think looking at this year and the, and I mean, it was a wake up call even for me, realizing that all the shit that's just always going to be there isn't always going to be there. So why the fuck would you wait? It's like when people say I'm starting my diet on Monday, I'm like, bullshit. Because it's Saturday. And there's going to be a Saturday a week from today, which is your next reason to not do your diet. Right. You know, or bodybuilders, you know, because I mean, we are kind of numbers people. Like it's like 12 weeks out. You start your prep. I love when someone says 12 weeks from today is my show. I'm starting my diet on Monday. Right. So you're under 12 weeks. Well, and you also want to more days. Like, you know, so that's my argument. I do love resolutions. I think that if you want to change something in your life, you do need to know what it is. You do need to write it down. That's been proven to help success. But if you're serious about it, you would start today. So if you have to wait till January 1st, I'm not saying quit now. You got a different view than me. But I'm going to bet you're not going to get it. You know, I mean, it's just a decision. I did the same. I've done that on things I've failed when I was trying to get my ship back together after a massive life with bodybuilding and just consistently be a bodybuilder. It wasn't until one day I just started doing it. I have no idea what fucking day it was. I just realized it took no talent. Deet six meals. I'm an untalented guy and this is something I can do. Okay. You six lines. Can I do that requires no talent? Yeah. Yes. So yeah, that's my that's my spin on news resolutions. So if there's something you want to change your life, think of it today. Think of it as soon as you watch this, which will be the day before in New Year's when you guys are finally listening to this. And do with that day. Here's my take with New Year's. I worked in the bar for so long. New Year's was like I was working New Year's. You know, my eyes worked it. Money maker, you know, while it depends on where you work. Some places was shit night. But there were a lot of places where you didn't want to work New Year's Eve. But you know, I always worked at places where New Year's Eve was usually pretty big. And um, and honestly, I thought, I don't work it. I'll just stay home. Right. Oh, yeah. Now that I'm out of the bar, like that was 2012 was the last New Year's I worked. And uh, when I left the bar industry, I like jettisoned the entire New Year's Eve culture and experience, just like it doesn't like nothing. I just, I don't want to do anything on New Year's. Right. That might be 100%. We're going to like order food and not leave the house. Just like we did all year. Yeah. No, I think that that you know, it's crazy. And this is my take on those who go out and rock New Year's resolutions and New Year's Eve. So you're going to kick off your New Year new me with a hangover with a lot of sleep. Like that's how you want to kick that shit off. Like, I just don't see it. I never have, you know, plus I look at it as amateur night. Like, all I can think goes, yeah, I'll kick off New Year's with a car accident or die or a DUI or right. What's the hardest you ever party on in New Year's? God, I was probably 16 years old and my parents had a New Year's party. I was home from hockey. So I had come home in my parents to a party and I was bartender. And I just got bombed out of my mind while being bartender. Pocky, yeah, bartender. Yeah. So yeah, like they had a shit like they had like, it was kind of like a neighborhood party. Right. So like everyone's front doors were just a mits Arizona. Everyone's front doors just kind of open and you just wanted through and parted and ate and wandered around and I was bartender at 760 North Ithaca and yeah, that was it. So I got bombed out of my mind that night, but fortunately because I assume it's genetic, I don't get hangovers because my entire family are alcoholics strong strong livers. Yes, you go. That's why I got the shirt. Shut up, live it your fun. I didn't realize how quickly it would transcend into bodybuilding, but whatever. That shirt was not made for bodybuilders, but it sure fits us. Yes, yes, definitely. I would say the most I ever party on New Year's was I when I was 20, I bartended at a party. It wasn't a bar. It was like a party. Right. And I think I got taken off the bar by midnight and like given to people to like take care of like this. This guy has to go. He's just, yeah, where were you? No, I was home for that. And then when I was 22, the year I was 22, I was back in Australia. And we went and we went and party to one night and it was kind of one of those. What did I just take type of nights? And yeah, it was a long one. Let's say, where did I just take? Yeah, I was committed for those. It was a good 12 hours. Yeah. So yeah, that was a lot of fun, but you know, you got to make sure you get in a few in your young, but survive them and keep all your organs intact. The only thing I've ever actually omissioned said that, but I've never went off the rifters since I could legally drink. Yeah, literally it was kind of as over it, but I mean, I've had too many. I mean, Jose and I've had some nights, but not like just. Yeah, yeah, you know, I elated. I've done that since I was a little different. It's different when you get older, your idea of getting hammered is like, we had like six shots after dinner. Right. And we were drunk for like 90 minutes. And within about four hours, I was feeling like a lot better. Yep. That's like, and then I had a leader of water went to bed. That's when you're older. When you're young, it's like, you know, they start drinking at like 7 pm and literally drink to 4 am. Yeah. Just repeated ingestion of shots. And you just never fuck, it's it's so much harder on you. Oh, God. You know, we think about that in hindsight, too. It's like, so you have one wild night that costs you like three days. Yeah. Because they say it's an hour of drink for your liver to process it, right? I didn't know that. So yeah, that's a scene. So you and Jose, you and Jose pound, you know, six or eight shots at dinner all real close together. And you got big powerful livers. And you put in a leader of water. And then you both go sleep for at least five or six hours each before you got to get up and fly home. You're pretty much getting up sober. Yeah, you're ready to rock for sure. You divide those times by two for Jose. He's not so. Yeah. I used to remember that after the very first year that Jose competed, I think the first time I saw him and I knew him well. He competed at the Phoenix and then we went out to dinner and, you know, we had a few drinks. He had a few drinks at a time, like literally three in front of him at one and I remember thinking like he's dehydrated. It's a day of the day of a show. And the next day we woke up and he's like, we're going to train today and I'm like, wow, wow. The composition of some people is just different. No, I mean, we went and trained like and had a real workout. And I'm thinking muscles would have been tearing. I wouldn't have felt right. Like, mean, fuck, it is, you know, I realize that my genetics were even worse than I thought that day. Realize he has a gene for like storage of electrolytes. Yeah, that's that was a little crazy power for me, right? Like your dry is can be and the only liquid you consumed had alcohol in it. Maybe he knows his ratios. We might have been putting a little bit of sea salt to the toilet. Maybe one of those shots wasn't cinnamon. It was salt. Yeah. Good times, man. Well, man, we've been on for a while. It's the last episode of the year. So what a year it's been, you know, I can't believe it. But it went well. I feel like it's been awesome for it's just bodybuilding. Like people are really supporting and love it. And I love the fact that now and it's been going on for a minute, but literally anyone, I remember when we first started had calls, and I was like, hey, you want to have you on for Ron and I's podcasts. But if I said, I want to have you on it, it's just five on there. You go, what's that? And I'm like, oh, Ron Parkland, I do okay. Now you can just say, hey, you want to be on the show. Yeah, it was great. It was great to get. We got to thank uh, let's, let's make sure we thank Sean Clarita, the two 12 Olympia champ and Chad Nichols, Mr. Chad, for coming on the show last week. I mean, that was awesome. You know, they both came on where the first one's the interview Sean and the first one's to talk to Chad. And you know, it was really, really cool that they were, you know, all I did was just send Chad a message like, Katie, want to come on the show and he's like, sure. Yeah. And I groomed some times. And he actually initially said, hey, give me a week because I want to get Christmas out of the way. Right. And I was like no problem. So I threw him a few dates for like the 28th, 29th. Yeah. And then he message back. He's like, can we just do tomorrow with eight? I was like, fuck. Yeah. Sure. I'm kind of lining it up. And he's like, cool. Yeah. Let's just do it. And then when we talked to him, he said he had three more after us. So he must have been kind of, he did it. How are you getting hour and 15 with us? And he was on food at for like an hour and 40. Yep. And then what else did he do? How long was he talking for? He must have been on his same little student. So yeah. So I mean, when we're talking to him, we got him at 8 p.m. So he must have been. Yeah. And he's doing, I know he's a creature of night. So I remember when I coached with him when I worked with him, he was like, I'm up all night. So I'll answer your tax at night. I don't get back to your night. And I still does that. So he must have been podcasting till two. Yeah. You know, just getting warm for the rest of the night. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Did you good job. I noticed he changed his T shirt. Did he? That's that. That's great. So I saw him on our show. And then like I know he did food right after any of it. I like a different color shirt on. So he knows he knows it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You got to you got to do that. You know, you see the I know the rock bands and stuff when they do those press pits. You know, you can like tell what day the all the interviews from because they're wearing the same because they're just stuck in a chair. Yeah. We're like or at the rest of them. Yeah. It's a bit of chair and everyone just cycles through, right? So it's funny. So yeah, man. That's a lot when you're the when you're the the king of the the Olympia, you know, the life of the interviews. When I watched Sean, I watched one of our episodes finally because I was not it. So it was exciting. And it was good, man. I really, you know, because I know Sean and obviously we've had him on. I don't know if it was you or the event or what, but he definitely peeled the onion back way more than usual. Like yeah. And I don't want to, I don't want to, it's not down. Not shooting down what he's done in the past. But I felt a much better connection to what his mindset was and and how he approached the entire season, which was awesome. He stayed focused on him. Yep. And he was just determined to improve. And that was seems like it was that simple. Like I'm just going to get better and go there. Right. And not pay attention to anybody else. And just how can I get better and then bring it there and that was it. Stay tunnel vision. You know, all that stuff. Yeah, it was great. And a lot of great feedback from it. So but the Chad ones kicking ass and doing well. So thanks for everyone that's watching. Remember to like, share, subscribe, comment, rain the bell. That's when Scott will put the little graphic up here. I think. Yes. It's good spot for it. And I remember everybody we appreciate you guys. It's been a hell of a year. 2021's coming. Probably going to bring some new challenges. So be ready. And remember, this body building.