What's going on, Dusty? You know, living the dream, I remembered late last night to toss a question box up at about two in the morning. And wouldn't you know, these crazy fuckers are awake. So we got a lot of good shit. Yes, I did the same thing. I did the late night question post because I saw years go up. And it said it had been up for like 10 minutes or something. That's tomorrow. That's right. And I was like, holy fuck, this weekend, just evaporated on me completely. So I put one up and got some real good ones. I like today. Did we have any, we have any flatland bike questions? Cause I got a tell you, I was watching your skills last night. Right. And that was impressed. You are a still a very large man on a very small bicycle. So it's so interesting. I've never used a great with you before, but there it was. You know, everything's getting smoother. The guys that are right with were like, they're like, yeah, you're way more stable now. And you can roll things for longer period of time. You know, yeah, yeah, I see only type of stable I have, right? So yeah, they said they could see like, you know, it's just like, it's funny. It's like bodybuilding such a metaphor for life that it prepares you for other things that are seem overwhelmingly difficult. Like, you know how bodybuilding is, you know, like I can ever get as big as Paul to let's do 70 on stage. And then like I was like, 265 on stage at one point. You know what I mean? Like you, you don't, you, you, but you know, you just chip away at it and enjoy it. Right. And do the process. And then next thing, you know, you look behind you and you're like, holy fuck, I like put on 30 pounds of muscle. Right. You know what I mean? Because you love what you're doing. You're not doing it for the end result. Yeah, you're like, you're enjoying it. And so it's, that's the rule if you just can find things where that's how you, that's how you have to do things. Right. Like that's the secret is just the joy to process. Oh my god, no one's ever said that before. What I know it's standing, but it's just so true. And this is just another example. Like like it took me a month to do a foot jam tail whip, which is like, one of the first three things you're supposed to like, you know, learn how to do it. Took me like a month. And I was like, almost killed myself like 10 times trying to do it. You were able to do that before though. Oh, yeah. Yeah, when I was a kid, I could do all the shit. But I mean, that's like, it's another lifetime. Yeah, that's what I say. And so so it was just a matter of getting it all back, but also now you're, you were different, you're bigger. Yeah, it's just so I don't need something. I'm not that nothing. It's nothing. Same. It's not, yeah. It's just so funny. But it's just, yeah, it's been cool. So, you know, I look back on stuff like, you know, there might have been a trick that I could do back in October. But when I do it now, it looks way better. Right. It's not like I haven't progress because I haven't learned another trick. Right. It's like, you know, is your squat ever perfect? Right. You say that though because I've been, I told you a million. I was working with like, I still watch like barracks and all those skateboarding things. And it is amazing. The guys who literally make the most ridiculous trick look like they're sleeping. So easy. It like it doesn't look like they jump like it just just floats and you're like, and even other guys who are extremely talented are like, what the fuck? Well, they're the ones that are the most amazed because the general public has no grasp of what they're seeing. Right. They can't, it doesn't, it doesn't even compute in their head. And the, the people that are really good are the ones that are amazed because they understand wholly fuck that guys, that guys, Dorian Yates level. Right. Like that's not a backtable by set. That's Dorian Yates. Like, you know, it's, it's, it's like everything. It's like, you know, just think of all the, the unknown players in the NFL that you don't know. Right. But the other guys in the league know them and know they're awesome. Right. Right. And, you know, you just know he plays an NFL. But the other guys are like, oh man, that guy's a fucking machine, you know, and they've seen them training the jam and they've seen them do his thing. So yeah, it's just like everything. And actually, this is funny because I thought about this topic. I think it's important. I was going to save this for later, but then you went kind of brought this up. You're welcome. I think it's important for us to stop and appreciate. I know this might sound corny when it comes out. Let me explain. Stop and appreciate what we're seeing. I think that we don't, we don't stop and appreciate things enough. You know, we move real quick. We're always in a hurry. We're staring at our phones. You know, the old thing. Like we don't, we're not looking up. We're not watching like it for around around staring at our screen. Right. But it's funny because one of the things that I notice when I ride with these guys is they'll be doing something that I know is like 15 years before they could do that trick. Right. Like you know what I mean? Like the one guys riding for 37 years, he's still learning new tricks. Right. So I'll see them do something. And I see the people that are walking by and they're oblivious, right? And I've talked about this before just like in body building and someone's in the gym. They don't really understand. They just see the like press going up and down, but they don't really get it. But this just been another reminder that like, hey, you know, I wonder how many things I miss. Like what I'm right. Who do I not appreciate? These people have no clue what's going on in front of them. They just see some guy in a bike. And they think of all my little cousin used to do tricks on his bike in 80s. No, no, no, it's not the same. Right. It's just like my cousin, my cousin was a body builder. Right. Yeah. That's the equivalent, right? No, it's not the same. No, your cousin didn't do what I did. Very true. And so it makes me wonder like, hey, like, what am I missing? And I know this might sound funny, but I think it's a good practice to like just slow down and watch stuff. So like the other day, I picked up some meat. And I went and stood and I just happened to be kind of like looking behind the curtain. And I just sat there and it's watched this guy cut stakes. Right. And I just watched them and I like took a second to go, holy fuck, that guy really knows what he's doing. Right. Because like he was so fast. And there was so much danger involved. Those guys will take your arm off or the saw or something. Yeah. So it just and I just sat and appreciated. And I'm like fuck. And then that guy came out and I go, hey man, fuck, that was awesome. And he kind of chuckled these like, yeah, but do it a long time. That just makes nothing up. I just felt compelled to tell him like, hey, like fuck, you didn't really know what you're doing. And so I don't know. I think that's a good reminder for everyone to maybe just, you know, take a minute and try to appreciate something that maybe you don't notice. You know what I mean? Those are, it is, it is all the way down to simple things. I used to be able to tell, I've never had the same star like shrink for years. And I could tell if my, my main barista had made my drink. It's the same drink. And I could look down like, I'd say, like, I'm like, you made it today. She's like, yeah, like fuck, I knew it. There was something that, some order of something that takes place that she did differently. And when she left, she actually told me what it was. It was just simple. Was she would add all my cancer while it was still hot. I'm sorry, I explained to my cancer. And so it would melt properly. And then mix the ice and the water in, you know what I mean? So it's like one tiny little detail, but it's like if it's cold, it doesn't mix. See, now we have to have a chemist on this show. I am a chemist. Tell us. Yeah, it's all. Maybe there's something about the heat. It's like, like, really pulls the splendid into the into the fluid. It's the cancer and adds the sweetest, which is what I need. Right, right, right. But it's funny you brought this up though, because I literally yesterday, I had a newer client. He sent me his pictures and he says, in the pictures, sorry, it takes me so long to send the pictures. Or I mean consistent, I mean, because they're embarrassing. And number one, right, they're not embarrassing. He, like, I've been worse as a pro than he is now. So I'm laughing, but, and he said, I just thought that I was a lot better than I am. And I, when I started working with you and I saw pictures, I realized that the scale and the pictures don't match. No, 40 men exactly, right, because we're all 250, we're all 270, it's the same thing. And what was funny was, and then he also said, because of that, he miss some meals out of frustration. Water was off. I'm like, so let me get this straight. You don't look as good as you thought you did. So in order to fix that, you fucked up the diet, fucked up the drink. How does this work? But, but obviously I turned it back around. I was like, dude, I never, when I started bodybuilding and actually doing it correctly, all I worried about was each day, just doing what I was supposed to do. And I remember, I'm sure we've talked about this before. I remember the day I was in the gym training and I had a tank top on or whatever. And I looked up in the mirror and I was like, oh fuck. Yeah, bodybuilder. Like, yeah, yeah, I mean, I talked about it. Yeah, you know, and it's like, I, I, so I told him the same thing. Like, you just, I never thought about it. And I'd ever knew that was going to happen. Yeah, I just remember a little bit. I looked up as like, like, I hadn't seen myself in six years or something. You know, it's like you see yourself every day. Why was it? You, I could show you what bench I was sitting on in the gym and be like, yep, that's why I realized it was a bodybuilder right there. You know what I mean? But it's, it is like you said it's an interesting thing because you don't, as you're chasing these tricks. It's not like you're thinking, well man, in seven years, I'm going to be doing all these tricks. It's just this one. Yeah, just for that. Oh, yeah. Yeah, just an over again. Yeah, get better. Just try to get better in some way. You know what I mean? So that's, that's the fun part. Is there so much I can get better at that it's, it's going to, it's fun, you know? But I'm enjoying it. I'm enjoying it. I'm having a good time. And I actually, I, I kind of, you know how I like gym equipment. Yeah. I guess I kind of, I'm kind of a gear head. Like I like, you know, I like the parts. Like whenever I see another guy, like we had another guy show up last night to ride with us. First thing I did I went check to was bike. Like, oh, yeah, he's got these. He's got these. Oh, yeah, 23 millimeter, stem, all the way. He's got, oh, yeah, 15 millimeter forks. Oh, yeah, blah, blah, blah, blah. I'm just like tech and his bike breakdown. Right. And I'm like, oh, I guess I have something in my brain that likes to do that. I think it's, you've probably always had that. I had, uh, my, one of my mentors I watched is, but I'm not into cars really. You know, it's weird though, but you're in, but you're into like, things and what makes them work. I have a friend that I watched his kid one time when he was like, right. And he came home and I said, hey, as I broke his different and he's like, what do you mean? I go, well, like most kids like open a door and then they close it. Brock opens a door and one of the sea what was happening. Why was it like, so I watched him watching the hinges and trying to, oh, yeah, yeah, he's too. And I could see him analyzing. I'm like, yeah, yeah. And I've always been the kids like, who gives a fuck the door opens? Like, like, it's a bird. You know what I mean? And that's the guy I've inside called the fix it when I fuck it up. So good to know. It's always funny. Have you ever met anyone like, I think everyone has a different level of that. What, can't, what, mechanical awareness? Yeah, or my case, complete disloved. Yes. So, I don't know. I find it amazing when I meet like a 40 year old. So don't worry, you're not old enough to quite a bit. Yeah, good. I'm a 40 year old who has zero awareness of like the simplest function of something. I was like, I get not being mechanical, but you must have been forced to use a screwdriver at some point in your life. Yeah, you could fix this if you had to. I'm not that mechanical, but I guess I grip on a farm. So I have like a default advantage. But like, you know, you must have been forced to at least try to fix something once. But they're like, no, no idea how this, no idea how this works. Like, it's a, it's a, it's a picture hanger. You know, it's funny because you're right. I, you know, I don't like people in my house either. So that's a tricky thing. Yeah. Um, and my garbage disposal was giving me an issue. And I was like, well, now I'm at a, okay, I'm at a head here. Either I have to fix this fucker or someone has to come in my house. Right. Right. So I was like, well, I'm gonna fuck with it for a little bit. And I ended up fixing it, but it's like, that's a perfect example. Like, that guy wouldn't be like, I guess someone's coming to my house and I hate that too. Because when you live in a condo, they're like, yeah, well, come in. I'm like, well, not what I'm not there. Well, but what you're gonna let ourselves in my good fuck you are. That's right, right, right. Right. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I only leave for two hours and 17 minutes per day. You can't come going most time. Two hours and 17. You got the drive time. Matt and perfectly with with that, you know, it's like the fact that it's an odd number. Like that tells me that it's probably more like you to be the actual number. He's actually getting so straight now. Yeah, yeah, yeah, we're an even making that. Up. You know, when someone drops away to specific reference, and then everyone is like, oh, shit, that's actually true. This psycho-bap actually pays a set of actions. Funny about his late one. I missed a light and I saw Harvey tapping his foot when I walked in the door. Like, bro, where the fuck you been? It's been two hours and 18 minutes. I was worried. I'm never late, never early. It's the same time, my time. Oh, man. So you got some solid questions, huh? Yeah, I do. I have a few. First, what do you think? Trim the dome. I had the, I didn't realize because, you know, I'm wearing the, I wear the snappy pull-up mask, like the neckator. Oh, okay. Yeah, right. I find them far superior to any other type, like the cylinder weight of the lift. So, um, I, uh, so, yeah, well, okay. So my beard, I wasn't even paying attention to it. It just got long. It's got like crazy. And, uh, so then when I went to shave my head, I shaved my head and I left the beard, right? Because Emily's Emily likes to shaggy. She likes me kind of like, so I'll just shave that head. And then I looked and it was like, two drastic of a difference, like, shaved head and then like uncomplyly unshaped homeless beard. And I was like, oh, it is a look. It's a look. I've done it before. I've got some pictures, but I just didn't, it wasn't feeling it. So I put the clip regard on and trim the beard up. You did it yourself. I'm proud of you. You know, let's, I got in trouble for that week. You go. So I'm not like, spin. You spin money and have professionals touch your face, right? Yeah. Yeah. Well, I don't, well, because see, I tried. So I missed. I was outtown. And so I had to trim the edge. You ever like, my beard wants to be higher, right? Well, right. I made, I made a mistake. Right. Now to fix the mistake, you got it a lower. Yeah. You can't make them a sick like three times, which I did. And the next thing, you know, I'm rocking like a chin strap. Like it's 1997, again, which I didn't 2010, but don't judge me. So I literally went in and she was like, what the fuck? I'm like, I was gone. She's like, you know, long we're allowed to touch your face. Yeah, that's so funny. Ever. She's like, I have to fix this. It took like an extra 10 minutes to blend it. I mean, I'm like a sleep. So I don't know what's happening, but woke up. She was like, that was work. Don't touch, don't touch her. That's hilarious. If I make any mistakes at all, I just shave it right off and ruin new one. We have to say, I'm fat. And the chin collection is getting strong. And like, I live in denial that people don't know I'm fat with my cheeks being all big up here. I pretend like no one can see that. Of course. But you know, it's that thing. Like, when you, we have to film everything, because this is our world now. And what are you doing the gym all the time? Yes. So always see is that I got more chains than a Chinese film book. And that's just not good for me. I'm on the cover. No, this is not going to work. It's like, everyone else is watching the numbers. Like, oh, it's a good, strong press. I'm like, how fat am I? Fuck. Are you serious? It's not good. It's not good, Ron. So this is a cover. Plus I found, I should be favoring over the masks. So if I were masks, sunglasses and a hat, I could be handsome. Somewhere under there. This, this situation could be helping you. This is the great equalizer. Forcing the dating process to be online. So then they, of course, that benefits you definitely. Because you can just appear phone. And we'd be, yeah, actually. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. That's funny. Did you, you know, we never talked about my fact that I went to a smile bar and got my teeth whiteened. I saw it. And I, and I got the whole facial and all the moisturizer, you know, the stuff like that. So I thought I actually thought you were going to bring that up. And I thought fuck, does he didn't bring that up? How did he let that slide? Oh, yeah. How did he let that slide? Because that's a type of thing that I thought you were going to be like, what did they do? And then you were going to know the names of all the masks. And so I would know that shit because I, I care of my skin at all. I just paid for someone to fix it when I fucking up. Ah, okay, okay. So I didn't get any Botox or anything. So I'm not on your level. None of that stuff was involved. Well, you're not like, oh, I needed it. Yeah, yeah, I know. But it was just that it was like moisturizer and stuff. It was, you know, a birthday Emily's birthday in Valentine's Day the same weekend. So it was kind of a, you know, kind of a day date for us. We went and got facials and got the teeth teeth whitening. And it was just kind of fun. But I stepped into the little bit Scottsdale. I felt a little bit of a mess. I was going to sleep. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, it is hanging on a sec. My dog's making all these weird noises. I don't mind. I like him. Put him on the show. I want to see him. I think he's just trying to get attention. I thought I'm going to bring him on the show. I wanted to, I want him to see him. They don't really know him. Bring him on. Turn it again in the pillow. He just started to get me to come underneath. That a boy. It's a battle of who wants it more. The bed. So he's okay. Let me have something for you. Fell asleep and you just chilled. Fell asleep and just chilled. You know, they got that thing in your mouth and they're just out last. It's like an hour. But you do these little thing in your mouth? Yeah. Put us asleep. I said, this is how fun it all. It's actually not even uncomfortable. The chair is so comfortable that I was like, who? That means me. I'd be saw in logs over there. Can't breathe. I'm on my back. Who brought the retired offensive lineman? And about the fat guy with the multiple chains. It shouldn't shave his beard. Yes, that's me. Okay. So I got lots of questions. Do you want to start? Sure. Let me open him up here. I'm sliding right to the beginning. Today, I'm just going in order. That's a vote. All right, that's a lie. I'm not going to do it. I get a dumb question. It's all out the door. That's dumb. I don't know what this means. How does that have an accurate log book whilst working around the clock shifts? So I can change. Yeah, I don't quite understand. Is he kind of like referencing that he does like like, dash shifts in night shifts? I sure. Yeah, do you think that's what he means? Like he's working all these weird shifts? I mean, I assume so, but you're, I mean, here's the bottom line. Is your log book, your log book? Yeah, he just log it. When you get to that bottom part, you try to beat your numbers. Yeah, you go. Same thing with food. That's one thing I've had to deal with with people who work different shifts. I always say, well, breakfast is the meal after you wake up. Yeah, yeah, I don't care what time you wake up. No. But when you wake up, that first, you held, just called me a one and we can move forward. And meal five or meal six. Have a right before you go to bed. I don't care. Yeah. I do like to, um, like, I always call it breakfast dinner and I have four lunches. Oh, okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And lunch one lunch two. But that's fine. Dinner's the last one. I just call him meal one to five or one to six or whatever. Right. So yeah. But yeah, that's, that's, you just, you just act normal. That's like the, right? It's like the, it's like a metaphor for life. Just act normal. Well, and that is your normal. So that's yeah. And you know, matters. You can't alter it because all I work today, shift this time. I'm tired. Like fucking, you'll be the one. All I would do, all I would do is, since you're log booking, I would just write it at the top, work days. Yeah. After nights, training after three meals, training after you know, empty, whatever. That's all. Just record that because, you know, you might see a trend there over a long period of time. Yeah. Simple simple. Yeah. Simple simple. Okay, my turn. Yes, sir. Would you rather be iconic and timeless, or considered a visionary and a trend, center? Oh, for another be sure. Iconic and timeless rather than a visionary. Yes. You don't need to create stuff. You just want to be real fucking good at it. Well, that's it. Well, because when I think of iconic, like I think of, it's fun. I actually just said this yesterday on a picture of Luke. Like I think the term legend is so overused in the world, especially overseas. Like what I think of iconic, I think of James Dean, like that dude's never going to die. Like, yeah, I guess iconic sort of, it makes me think that there's like some images of you that the whole world has seen. Yeah, and that's how I think. True. You know, or something about you that like, yeah, that's a big word. But I think if somebody said, like, if somebody said, if you would describe, or you asked 100 people, you know, who's James Dean and some of them were there when he was alive and the rest of him weren't, I think a common term would be like cool. Like, yeah. You don't know, I mean, like, if that's the visual definition of that, you know, so, but yeah, that would definitely be my choice, what about you? Yeah, it's interesting. You know, there's, there's something a little blue collar about being a visionary, though, or like a trend center. Or change the world that way. Yeah, I'm a creator. There's something about changing the game that is, that is sort of appealing to me, I guess. But iconic and timeless, usually comes with like, you know, some pretty cool benefits. Yeah, I mean, it's like, you, you know, do you want to be jeans and a white t-shirt? Or do you want to be that awesome outfit that it would reward for six months and then realize it was pathetic? Oh, hey, that's a good, that's an interesting reference. You know, that's how I look at it. Do you want to be jeans and the white t-shirt, or do you want to be one of those sequence? You know, right, sequence. I think, yes, if you look at it that way, that's a great way to do it. That's a great way to do it. So yeah, I got a lot of simple ones, but I actually dig them. We'll have the same answer for this. What do you think about people calling themselves natural when they're not? I don't know, I don't really care about other people. I'm so new, we were going to have to say, we had to buy out of the front. Kind of really care. I just, like, I don't know. I just don't really care about what other people say and do. It doesn't bother me. Well, I mean, it's lame. Yeah. Like, but I don't pay enough attention to be like, I can't even think of anyone who does. Like, I don't know who actually does that. I've heard, I know people say people do that, but like, I don't know who actually does that. Who says they're natural and they're not. You're in any ways because in this day, and I just like, nobody cares. Like, I got called out recently by a guy in one of my posts. He's a guy, well, don't forget you're on steroids. And I was like, well, everyone here knows that. That was, that's, I also drink water. I mean, I assume everyone kind of knows these things. I didn't need to point it out that that coupled with training hard was what I was getting at. You know? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So, now I'm, I'm the, I knew we would answer at the same. I don't care about those types of things, but one thing that's along the same lines I brought up yesterday was, I am amazed at the, the fraudulent way of being something you're not in the way. Yeah, I industry. I saw your little Instagram story. Yeah, that's her obsession. So that's sprung up because a guy that I bumped into, he has a following, it's more than double mine, which is who gives a shit. I don't really care. But it throws it off when no matter what you post, you're getting 700 clicks. I could take a picture of my dog shit and get 700 clicks. Like, if I put a funny thing, look how big my dog shit is, click this. Like, so basically my point was who are you lying to? Roll cares. I don't, I don't keep track. And that was kind of my tangent is the people who I'm most respect in the world, some of them don't even have social media, let alone fake it. But yeah, so that's more a comment about you versus yourself than like, if you're not natural and you claim you are, I'm like, okay, they all, I guess they all come back to the same thing, which is insecurity. So that's fine. Yeah, and then of course there's everyone's going to have a semantic argument to what natural even means. Yeah, well, I'm definitely not whatever that is. Yeah, that's me. I'm not a plant. That's funny. I got an interesting one. Yes. What bodybuilder? 80s only. What 80s bodybuilder? Would you like to train with in their prime? 80s. Good spot. That's funny. I was going to say this party too. Yeah, because I think there's a man here. Yeah, because he trains super fucking hard all the time. He has a really good reputation for training really hard. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, that's that's hilarious. Because I thought I thought about maybe sand Tom Plats, but all I really know about Plats is training is his leg training. I don't really know anything about his leg if it's other training. You know what else that I like is, and some of this is done for you, some of this is done by you, but Gaspari was known for being the way he was, but he never really talked about it. Like it was just who he is. It was like you're not going to be watching a Macho Valley video, motivation video, and here Gaspari do a long interlude about training hard. It was just like that's what you fucking do. Yeah. Whereas I'm less inspired by the talk. You know, I know a lot of people like really get it. I know Guy, for example, Sister Nina, he'll go on pretty good tanges and they're hardcore. Like I definitely see how people click with them. Right. I don't need that shit. I just see, that's not how it's not how you would express. Yeah, yeah, I get it. No, I don't, I don't, I don't, I don't look at, I've never heard branch Warren go on a big thing about how he trains. We just all know. He's right. Yeah, right. You know what I mean? And that's how I vision Gaspari to as he was just a maniac. Like I could look at his physique and tell you, disguise fucking nuts. Yeah, play he had a real good rep for dieting hard too. I mean, he was kind of like one of the first stridey glue guys. Wasn't he? It was the first real stridey glue guy. You know, that's how I mean those. And I think that that again and you're right, that was diet. But I, yeah, I just know that the training was that way. I, and then I watch him like that's his life. It's like doing, you know, I remember it's been time with him. I really, always shit. I remember someone telling me, um, I know a few people that trained at goals in the 80s. Like I've had conversations lucky to be lucky to have some good chats. And the one guy was like, yeah, Gaspari used to, used to train like super fucking hard for like two hours. And then he would be like, oh, my carbs for the day. And he would eat an apple. Enjoy all 12 of those sir all the gifts. He'd show up and show up and train in the morning and then have his carbs for the day. But you just a single apple. So so yeah, they died at hard back then. Here's a good one. Yes. If you could, A, you got to choose one. Never get injured or never lose your hair. Never get injured. That's not even, it's not even a question. I think we all know the answer to that one. But I'd say it is funny because it's a question for you. Well, a lot of people ask, you know, it's weird. Is I actually had someone that's one of the questions here is, uh, if, uh, do I regret not taking what how you said the finastered, uh, to prevent hair loss earlier on my career? And the thing is it's not that I didn't know it existed. It's that I know how genetics work. And my mother's dad was ball the shit. So you know it's common for anyways. Yeah. It was like, now or later. Yes. You don't mean 30 or 45. Does it get different? It's the same shit to me. So yeah, it literally and plus I think when I look back at when I would have started that, every dollar mattered. Like right. When I got into it when I started competitively by building, it was very much like, okay, how much money do I have? That's how I like it. It's kind of funny. But I laugh because I get questions about guys like, for my first cycle, what should I get? And I remember thinking like, I have $86. What can I get with 86 bucks? Yeah. I'll take that. Yeah. Yeah. You know, so it is funny because people assume when your life style is changing, you're, you know, 13 years deep in the shit. They're like, oh, well, these always been other than do whatever. Like, oh, no. Yeah. I was like, what do you have? It's almost out of date. I'll take that. Right. Right. Do. That's funny. And what are your thoughts? Let's talk about this because we've talked about it a lot, but it's nice to just like clear things up and give our current thoughts on it. Caseers updated information or experiences. What are your thoughts on Perry workout nutrition? So obviously he's talking about the pre-intreposed window. How do you tell your clients about that period of time? What do you usually do? What do you think works best or looks best on paper? Makes most sense on paper versus works best in real life. What do you think? So that was the, I mean, it's an interesting question. Because I have, I have altered that over years. I used to be, I used to be a little too locked into the science. And my fear was blood in my stomach versus in my muscle for digestion of any sort. So I was worried about that in the past. So I was always afraid, like I used to eat my meals two hours before I trained in nothing. Nothing. Now it's really person to person. I believe, I understand that recovery is for sure there, but I think of, whatever you have to do to make sure your workout is as hard at the end as is the beginning. So you don't run out of speed, don't run out of steam. Because we all know there's a difference. They're like, I still eat two hours before I trained. I want my stomach empty. Right. I'm training. I just don't like to feel anything. I don't want to be cinch in my belt up because I eat a big meal, obviously. But then, it's kind of a running joke at the gym, but very regularly in the middle of a workout. You know, you have those two packs of sneakers that I like the two little thing in there. I'll bust out and eat one of those like halfway through a workout on the regular. Oh, really? Yeah. It's just like, I keep them in my bag. I knocked out one of those that has nothing to it and I'm good to go. And I have been drinking now because of my new sponsor. They have an intro. And I said, fuck it, I wanted to try everything that they make. Yeah, from jump so you give good feedback on it. And it's got some carbs in it. It's very light. It doesn't have any digestion issues. But for me, I didn't notice a change between that and just taking the EAs by themselves, as far as what I felt. Right. But I think that's primarily due the fact that my meal is pretty large before I come in. So that's why I say it's personal person. And I tell all my clients like when I first send out their plans, there's no supplements written. None. Right. And they're like, oh, what about supplements? I want to manage money to have. Because there are supplements that are valuable. I can spend 500 bucks a month of years if you want me to. But if you've got 50, I'm going to tell you exactly what you use. Yeah. You know what I mean? And so point being is to answer the question, I don't think it's the most important thing. But look, everything should come back to how hard the workouts and how's your recovery. And what does that nutrition do to alter that in a positive light? Yeah. So I want to say a few things. So for most people, when they think of the pre-intrend post workout window, all they need to worry about is that the most important thing is their food for the day. Like, there's nothing beats your food for the day, like your total food for the day. If you're getting your food in, you should have stored glycogen by the mountain, full or by the, by the, of truck full, you should have plenty of liver glycogen. You've got some fat. You can use for energy. Like, if most people don't need to worry about whether they can make it through their workout. If they're nutrition throughout the day is on point. The thing about the peri workout thing, you know, the wall, especially the intra, you know, I know peri is pre-posts, whatever. But, you know, if you eat a good meal, like say steak and rice, fucking, I don't know, whatever. Chicken and potatoes need a normal body building meal, whatever you eat. At least an hour before you train. Like, I always try to have at least an hour so that I'm, you know, empty stomach and all that sort of stuff. 90 minutes is great. Two hours on like day, that's kind of my rule. As long as you got a good meal in your usual way out of train, hydration and sodium and electrolytes are more often than not the reason why people don't have good workouts because they're not hydrated enough and all that stuff. Most people aren't carb depleted. They're eating junk food. Right. Right. Right. So it's like, yeah, they're in there. But a lot's of body fat to use and it's as most people aren't, it's not a food issue with most people. It's a water and an electrolyte issue when they have shitty workouts and bad pumps and stuff. And so that's something that most people need to address. However, the intro workout window looks great on paper. Having clustered extra in there looks great on paper, having EAAs in there looks great on paper. Makes sense technically, you know, with a whole like passing through the gut quickly and efficiently and the adiata and all the essential amino's being present in the bloodstream, blah, blah, blah, blah. So for those reasons, I think that if you have the money for that stuff, it's a great idea because who knows over a long period of time, you know, what we're going to, you know, over the course of a year, you know, how much better we work out, how much better did you recover, how much more muscle did you put on? Like I said, I don't have any scientific evidence to show that X amount of muscle came from EAAs, but there's things that we do because they make a lot of sense on paper and there's no reason to think they wouldn't be a good idea. You know, it's not like we also have an opposing study that shows that EAAs, you know, lower your response to, um, you know, like epinephrine and like adrenaline or anything like that, there's no study that shows it buffers your mood or or anything. So, you know, with no reason to believe they're not a good idea. I think, too, you have to factor in regardless also, of studies and things like that and some levels, what did you see in your training? You know, I've never, I've never been someone who can get hit with placebo because I don't really think about it. Right. I'm seeing that. So, I find myself to be so, I'm usually so skeptical that placebo just won't happen for me. Yeah, so I've had a few times of my life where I've used a supplement. In fact, one of them, it was a product that I force used to make and they stopped making it because it didn't sell, but it had crystalline fructose in it which restores the liver glycogen first. Okay, I had some other things in it too, but long story short was, I started using it and I remember one day I had a really good chest workout, which has always been pushing as my weakness. I didn't think any of it. I was like, oh, good work out. Then the following week, I had another really good chest workout. It took four weeks for me, your weight a minute. I've only changed one thing and I didn't pay attention to the other workouts because they're always good. Right. Likes I just can do what I can do and I went, oh fuck. This works for me. And I bring that up because right now that the world and the the science now says that branch chains are complete garbage and we should throw them away and they suck. And I'm like, what about the last decade that I used them and can absolutely tell you when I did or did not happen? Right. Sorry bullshit. Like, I don't, I don't give a fuck what your study says about that because I can't deny what I got out of them for a decade and if I took them out for a week or so, I could tell. Right. You know what I mean? So I do think people have to and I don't, I'm not saying ignore science because obviously it's got its reasons and there are things to to be said, but you can't ignore what you see there. It's like people also go off about that. There's nothing magic about going on fish versus chicken agreed on paper. But I also can say every time I've ever done it, my skin becomes gone. I don't know why it doesn't make sense on paper. Science doesn't back it, but every time I've ever done it, which means guess what, the end of a show, I'm all like fish and I'm taking my shit to see through once again. You know, so it's a meaning. It lights. Yeah, that's another example. Egg whites like egg whites versus a boiled chicken to get rid of all the fat. It's the same, but it's not. You know what I'm saying? And I've all, I've went down to all the way thinking like I envision chewing chicken versus chewing cod. I think was that how am I digested to? That simple little difference. You know what I'm saying? I'm not working through it. I don't know the the reasoning behind it, but I do know the result is different. So it's hard for me to, you know. So I think point is, people should pay attention, same thing with their interest and stuff. If you absolutely can tell a difference, then there are a must. Yeah, I think people focus way too much on their pre-workout and not nearly in that they should put more put more into their nutrition and their post-workout nutrition and all that stuff. They focus way too much on their pre-s. I know people that can rattle off every ingredient of every pre-workout, but they miss meals. Yeah, same thing with drawing. I'm like, dude, you miss meals. Like, you know, that pre-workout is not going to make a difference for you because you miss meals. Yeah. For like, you're just like, yeah, you get your basics. And I always had a rule where I had to eat within an hour of training. Right. You know, I don't believe you have to like finish the last set and then immediately eat a meal. I don't believe that that's necessary. I think people underestimate how long their previous meal stays with them. Body builders have this really fucked up completely wrong idea that because we eat every two to three hours, that means we're going immediately going catabolic as soon as the three hour of the month. Yeah, three hours and three minutes. It's like, oh my god, I'm in the negative. I'm in a calorie deficit all of a sudden. I'm suddenly in a deficit. I'm dieting. I just started dieting three minutes ago. I'm flat. A flat. It's like, you ate steak and potatoes and vegetables three hours ago. Steak is like takes like eight hours. Today, just the meadows are leaking into your bloodstream. For the rest of the day, the carbs will get in there a little quicker, but the veggies are slowing everything down. It's a big, long process. You're not a starving child. Like, you're fine. You're going to be fine. You're not going to shrink. You can drive home. You can cook your meal. You can eat it. Of course, I urge people to eat their meal. Relatively close to their workout. Just so they're not behind on their meal the next time. You know, like, you're thinking about the number of hours or a week. Yeah. I'm just thinking about like, if you're a great adult, evenly. And then also it's easier to eat your food if you spread it out, you know, you're not pilot meals on top of each other. So yeah, that's relaxed a little bit. Get your meals in. Yeah. You're going to talk about that. You factor those things into. I've had I've planted a very busy different times a year. I'm suffering. I'm like, here's what I care about. You see all the food I wrote down all of it. Yeah. Eat all of that before you go to sleep. And nothing else. Okay. We're good. I just remember to guy. Remember how you said earlier, meal one is when you get up. Yeah. Yeah. So that was just, didn't need to be told to me. Like my concept has always been that. I mean, when I was young bodybuilder, I lived with a friend who worked shipwork. Yeah. We keep work nights and days and stuff. And I mean, he always called breakfast the meal after he gets up. Yeah. Right? You know, sensible. I mean, we'd die training together sometimes and stuff. But I remember I met this guy one time I was working the bar and he had this giant tub of like potatoes and chicken. Right. And it was like his whole day is worth the food. And he's like sitting there and he's like eating it, eating it and plowing through it the whole shift. It's like all he did to sit on a stool and eat. And he's dieting for a show and I'm like, dude, you're like, you're just pile, you're like, do you even have meals? You're just like eat all day out of this. Like how much food are you dieting on? Right. It's like, oh, I, I have to get this all in. And then when I get home, I self doubt my breakfast. And I go, what do you mean breakfast? And he's like, well, by the time we go to bed, it's four in the morning. So it's like breakfast time, I'll pretty much, I don't want to miss breakfast. Because I sleep till noon and I'll miss breakfast. So you've been eating all day. So he eats his egg whites and his oatmeal, his breakfast at like 430 in the morning and it goes to bed and sleeps to like one and then gets up and like has a meal and goes and trains and does his day. And then would go to his door shift and hammer four or five fucking meals were the food during his shift. And then I breakfast before bed. And then I breakfast before bed. You're okay. We're just calling something different. I got you. And I'm just like, oh, what a weird way to look at it. You're up thinking of myself. So you're having eggs and toast for dinner. Cool. Yeah, just so funny. Like it was just the way he looked at it. It was like, well, I don't want to miss breakfast because I sleep till noon. So he wakes up in the morning and he has to eat fish and in the happily because you couldn't possibly have fish and broccoli at 1 p.m. Just so far I should say couldn't have egg whites. Yeah, no, like lunch time. It's like breakfast is something that happens and if he's not there, it like can't happen. Yeah, imagine if he slept through it. If he got home, he's going to have a midnight. Yeah. And then there's no breakfast. He slept through breakfast. Oh, man. Crazy McDonald's. They actually stop serving it. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. That's the thing. He can't make oatmeal after 11. Micro-aive like fuck you all see tomorrow. It just pushes the oatmeal back out. No, no. We're the time asshole. We don't do oatmeal at 1 p.m. I do oatmeal at 1 p.m. Yeah. That's so funny. Oh, man. It's all how you look at it. See, you know, my annoying ass should have to have a conversation. I don't have to make this make sense to me, man. We've been in our, we would waste an hour of our lives. So that's the reason. So somebody asks me, it's like, no, no. I think I think I may, so I'm the type of person that would have thought, hmm, that's stupid. Right. That's my first thought. And then I would have thought, I'm just going to subtly mention something and see what he says. So I would have been like, oh, yeah, that's cool. Yeah, you know, I tend to, I tend to have my breakfast foods after I get up. When I wake when I wake up. And then I would have just like seen what he said. You think what you can't fucking do? That's 4 p.m. Yeah. That is asthma. I can see you. Wait. Yeah, see that's great, though, because like that, those are the people I would have to. I would have to ruin his life in that. I run. It's time to get serious. Okay. All right. You and I are allowed to lead, allowed to lead for a porn director. What would our movie look like? So we're directing a porn now. Oh, come on now. No one needs to know my, my, my, my sick ideas. Let me ask you this, though, like, is there a storyline like, you know, they all have to know. It's totally gone, though. I said, I don't know. It's to that either. I don't need the guy with the milk to show up at the door. Now I believe he's the milk man. Like, snow, no, but all be, I appreciate the visual themes. So there'd be like, you know, the really clean sets, clean sets would be a big thing. No, like hotel rooms with like fucking blankets hanging over the windows. It would be like it would look nice. You know, be rent. We'd we'd have to rent like, um, you know, a $10 million house in North Vancouver. Right. Right. Yeah, which we've already done for a video. For a porn video. I was eating pizza, but whatever. We'd read like some mansion in North Van or some swanky condo downtown with a crazy viewer. Some and we'd we'd even get a set director get it like real nice. So the the pillows on the couch match the bikini that the girls starts in, you know, the whole thing. See, yeah. Yeah. You know what I mean? And there's maybe a couple colors. There might be like like a neon color and like a like another color to offset it with a white couch. You got to set it up. It's got to look good. You know, you got to think, hey, what are we learning from working in something in the street and running YouTube and all that? You got to think of the thumbnail. It's very true. It's a thumbnail has to capture enough attention. So it needs like a super hot chick and it has to look high budget. You spent some money on this. I just got to spend some money. You guys spend money to make money dusty. Good camera. Maybe even two camera shoot. But yeah. Let me go to the mine show. Yeah, you know, it's going to be it. You want to keep the set very minimalist. So the performers could really just explore the space. But you need enough people on hand that the production gets done correctly. It's actually funny because you know now that I've I've talked to a few people in the industry like there's nothing enjoyable about it. I got cut cut cut. Now I'm like, clean it. Cut me right now. I'm in the middle of something. It's some wipes. Like literally so you're like, they get done with the day. And I'm like, so the sex is actually terrible while you're making a point. You're a bunch of fun. Yeah, that's cheap. Cleaner ass cheek. Look, it's got all like a reflection. I can't have it be like real life where that actually just happened in fucking keep going. No, it takes a dick out of her button goes, give me a ball of water. You're going to have to go for several hours. Yeah. What's like, I hear the bathroom. Are you serious? Yeah. No, trust me, Dusty. Those girls do not have to go to the bathroom. That's been handled. They want to have to go for several hours. Certainly handled for sure. So, we done that question. I don't know if we should be done that question. I might come back to this in a little bit. I get another idea. So, yeah. Yeah. So, and then we have to make sure, you know, you got to have a good ratio. This is important of the like strip T's intro to actual scene. Right. Because sometimes you get like there's like a seven minute strip T's intro. And then like yeah, that's one. Yeah. I already skip. I'm like skip to head. It's a waste of their time. Yeah. What did you just put so much effort into this shit? She could just walk in like that and then they could be gone. I'm going to need to see it come off. You know what else I like? Here. Here. Tell me if you like this too. Here's one thing. I had this discussion with someone. Do you want to do you want do you want to grow to say anything? Or do you want to just model? No, I don't want to speak because half the time to the worst actresses you've ever seen. So it's painful because they're talking and I'm like, I got to watch your eyes read it. Yes, baby. You looked so good. The old talking I want is real talk. So she's like, she's like, hey, I'm here for the anal scene. I'm really excited. Right. Yeah. Like, like, like, like, you're a, what is it? Someone owns their shit. I'm like, yeah, old school. You know, when you watch him, you're for the gang bang. Be awesome. We tell you this is your first time. Well, you want me to be honest. You want me to tell you this is my first time. Does this your first time with four guys? Well, on camera. I have to tell you this. I have to tell the whole world this. So I saw a screenshot from a Twitter thing. This girl put up a post. I don't care if this is really not the ruin my game. It was awesome. But someone put up that, you know, they had the worst news because they got pregnant after having a train ran on him. And the, and the first comment was, I can't help you with who the dad is, but please name the kid Thomas. I fucking lost it. That's so funny. I just see the one. Why is my name Thomas? How do I talk about it? Hey, you got to play play with fire. You might get burned. That's a rough one. It's a rough one. Okay. Is it, is it your turn or my turn? Do you have a question? I did. Is your turn. That's right. I'm almost still. I'm almost upset that you've got the porn question. I wonder if I'm losing my touch. Oh, yeah. So I got to move the question. Oh, boy, this guy. He, he sent me a DM. Because it wasn't enough, wasn't enough space on the, yeah, to get what I mean. So, and I like it. Because it is it is good. So he asked three different questions because he believes they might yield three different answers. Okay. I'm right at the gate. So who knows it might be all one movie. I'm not sure. Okay. So favorite movie when someone says what your favorite movie what do you say? Second one is movie that you'll always stop on if you're watching TV and you're changing channels and you see it. You saw a stop on it. Right. And then the third one is your desert island movie. So that would mean you'd have to watch it over and over again. Oh, there are not enough. That's three different questions or not. That is three different answers. Yeah. That's three different. Yeah. You know what I mean? I'm not. You know, might be two might be one. I'm just saying. Yeah. That's definitely three different answers for me. And the old sucks is favorite movie is almost impossible for me. Yeah. And it's because like what day is it? What's happening? Like yeah. There's there's there's so many different answers. Yeah. I mean because I could name it. I could literally lay out an answer that I would object to ridiculously in an hour. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So can you you want to go? So I'm going to go forward anyways because I'm going to. Okay. So okay. I'm going to start with my my movie I always stop on is the Matrix. Oh yeah. I can't not. I don't know why. People. So let me just say this for anyone listening. 21 year old movie. I remember my brother called me one day in like 1999. I remember he told me and he was like my brother never calls me like I'm talking fucking ever. So he's my brother. Like yeah. My brother is like you my family doesn't really call each other. So it's not a big deal. But like when I see my bro at Christmas, it's like hey I was going and we're all good. But he doesn't call me. Yeah. So he calls me and he's like I just have to tell you that I went and saw the Matrix last night. And I was guiding for a show and in college. So I was so busy that I was like, oh yeah. I sort of heard there was some movie that was good. And he's you have to go tonight. It is incredible. You will fucking love it. My brain is like bent. And I was like, oh and my brother I don't think my brother ever recommended a movie to me before. So I immediately went and people who haven't seen it, it is so fucking great. So ahead of its time. And it's so funny to watch it now because it sort of makes you think like fuck. It's so true. So true. You know the whole red pill blue pill thing. I'm sure there's people out there that have heard red pill blue pill. And it only means. Yeah. Yeah. That's that's that one. Oh and by the way, I'm getting honorable mention the days of thunder. Because I stop on that fucking movie every time. Okay. That's good. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. What is yours of that? What is your all that? Well, and then you got to give me your desert island. Desert island. You can have to watch it over and over and over. So it has to be something that you can handle. Wedding crashes. Okay. They'll funny to me every single time. That's hey. There's nothing. I think I've actually already desert islanded that one living in my house. So right. That's just another one of those movies. Yeah. Plus it's positive movie. I imagine if you're on a desert island. Probably. It's last. I'm going to hold on to my, because I am going to make a statement on my favorite one today on an argument that's tomorrow. But once for once we're there, you're going to do your two first. So I can get gutsy. Okay. So favorite movie. And I guess I sort of think like this is the movie that you'd wreck. You you really want everyone to watch. Make sure everyone's seen this. Because it's your favorite movie. You know what I mean? Right. That's sort of how I see favorite movie. Like you can't believe when people haven't seen it. You're like, oh fuck. You missed out. But I usually tell people pulp fiction. Good choice. I just thought there was so much at that time when it came out like the way it was structured. You know, and everything and the casting and the writing and the soundtrack. And like that movie was just an absolute fucking piece of work. You know, it was Tarantino just let it all out on that thing. Like it was it was awesome. One of the greatest movies ever made. And some really fucking awesome dialogue in there. You're definitely not a butch. I think it's classic to me about that movie is I did not know because I was not. I used to go to movies, but I really, I just got a movie. You know what I mean? Yeah. I didn't realize that like that's where Samuel Jackson basically came from. Yeah. Or that that essentially put Travolta back on the map after being gone for the most time. I was just come back. Yeah. Yeah. And and Tarantino thought he would fuck. Because someone else was supposed to play Vincent Vega. I can't believe I can't remember who it was. He had someone else lined up to be Vincent Vega. Someone watching. I'll know. And then at the last minute it did fell through and then Travolta. I look at a Travolta. I can't remember a story. But yeah, that was like Travolta's big huge comeback. And you know Bruce Willis is in it. And you got such an awesome character. Yeah. That is definitely gold for sure. I can definitely side with you on that. And then movie I'll always stop if it's on TV. I guess I have to say die hard because the only time I really watch TV like cable TV is at Christmas time. And I always stop on it. It's like if I had to think of which movie have I stopped on the most in my lifetime. Right. It's probably die hard. I can see it. It's because of Christmas time and you know what TV watching. Yeah. I'm the same. I don't even have cable. So you know. And then desert island movie. That would have to be something that made me, you know, happy and all that stuff. And give you like a thrill because you got to watch it over and over and probably remind me my childhood. I would probably say, fuck, it might even be Star Wars. Might even be, might even be the original Star Wars or Empire Strikes Back or something like that. I could always have that on the background just because I grew up on that and it's like, right, you know, real happy time movie on a desert island. So yeah, any of those. Just solid. So yeah, some of your sorts of movies, things because as we're talking, I start thinking of more movies. Yeah. This is why I can't do a best ever. Because like for example, you know, it just entered my mind while you're talking with that casino. Yeah, like one of my favorite movies ever. Yeah. But then it's also like it's like a three hour movie. So it's like, you know, the elicit is like your favorite like do you want to watch it 30 times? Exactly. No, it's a lot of it's a large chunk of your life if you were. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. There's so many. But I would say that that's a good list. That that's a good breakdown. Okay. Okay. Your turn. You were ready. Well, no, I was too in. I was way too in. Oh, here we go. Show us what you did. I was I was invested. I got that same one about the hair and the thing that's interesting. Okay. This is a good one. People always talk about keeping gear low. But what is low? Under a gram, under 1500. And he's talking about total numbers. Wow. I would it's a minute. It's just changed so much over the years. I would say keeping your total under a gram would be a great idea for a vast majority of body builders. The bottom line, they probably would be a lot healthier for it. They probably make just as good a gains in a lot of cases. For the most part, it's usually about like the quality of stuff you're using and how you're using it more than just total numbers. Right. You know, like I I knew a guy that you know, he was taken 1,000 milligrams of prima bull in a week. And he was doing it because he thought, oh, well, prima is not liver toxic. And it's you know, it's like really mild, right? But prima was a DHT derivative. And when he got his blood work done after months and months and months and months, like he almost considered a thousand prima like almost considered it like crews. Oh my god. And you got his blood work done after months and months and months and his cholesterol was absolutely like the fuck to the point where they were like really, really concerned. And then he unfortunately wound up having a heart attack. He's okay now, but he wound up having a heart attack and his, his obviously his cholesterol numbers were a massive part of that because they were really, really bad. Right. Like emergency bad. So so and then it, you know, I think it was within a year. He had the heart attack. So, you know, those, you know, it's more than just dose, you know? Well, to say you're taking and also I think you got a factor in, I think we're most people lied to themselves is, I won't lie and say, oh, I've been, I'm under a gram all the time. But in the off season, it's like next to nothing. So then when I'm actually prepping, I'm mind you, I have a competed in two years. Right. Then yeah, there'll be, there'll be 600 tests. There'll be 300 adrenaline. There'll be 300 master. I'm like, look, I'm already a 1200. I have that anything I'll say. And so it's not to bullshit. You can say, oh, I take next to nothing all the time. But that's time period of like eight weeks. That's exactly it. Where, yeah, I'm blasting, you know, I mean, I'll just get crazy and say maybe $159 milligrams during an eight week time period with everything I can think of like a possibly throw in the mess. Yeah. Yeah. That's a ton for a very small period of time. But in the off season, I'll blast away on four on a milligrams of test. Yes, so here's a funny thing like I've been 320 plus pounds on like 500 tests, 309. Yeah. And maybe a bit of GH. And I've been like 320 on that. And the strongest I've ever been. Whereas I've been, I've also been on 2500 milligrams of total stuff on stage at 265, you know, pretty ripped. So it's, it's the last eight weeks of contest. And that was one, that was just the one year that I ran. Like I, I went, I went that one year when I say that number 2500, I never took that much for any other show. I did that once. And it didn't really yield a better result. So that's why I say I'll need it at once. But, but the point is is like off season when you're eating, you don't need to run these higher doses. And you don't need most of the compounds are irrelevant. You don't need them, not irrelevant. But just, you don't need them. Yeah. And yeah, and you got to be healthy if you want to train and compete long enough to get good. So try to be sensible about what you're doing. Yeah. I think that you nailed it, though, to his off season is simple and his low is needed. And that's everything is it's like food. I get a lot of times you get that question of like, well, how many carbs should I eat? And it's like, well, I don't know. But start here at S. We'll see where it goes. See what happens. Lesser more. And with gear, start less. Yeah, I'll start less. Because if you started a gram of three different things, you're taking three grams, you're not going to think the answer is that you should be at a gram total. Right. You know, so start low sea results or don't see results. And then go from there. But again, this is where I have the one girl who asked a ton of questions she always says, why do we, why do we downgrade the importance of gear? And it's like, no, it's not. It's not that we're downgrading. It's that we're pointing out the fact that without the food, the result from the gears questionable anyways. What's happening? You know, I mean, you can't rely on it as the BL end all if the if the food's not there. If your food is correctly shocked at what 770 dollar milligrams will give you in the off season. Yeah. Yeah. I always found for me, and I mean, I won't bullshit it all. Like I pushed the doses up before in the off season. But I found I felt so bad the eating became difficult. Training wasn't as good. So I always had to, I started working things backwards to my answer to all my clients is the same. Okay, cool. What's your training like right now? I always want to hear the trains at its peak. And that's how I look at diet and drugs and everything else. If I increase the food too much and your training starts to alter or we're gaining way to the pace that's fast enough that we're getting low back pumps and shit like that. I'm like, oh, on paper that looks awesome that you're gaining, but it's affecting the training, okay. We got to back it down. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So simple simple simple. You're turning. Okay. What what TV? What television characters or actresses did you have crushes on? Oh, listen, Milan, which I hate saying now. Oh, she's not. Yeah, but man, she was hot when I was a kid. So she's who's the boss, right? Yes. That's funny. Um, peg Bundy. Of course. Okay. Yeah. Yes. It's something about the milk factor there. Um, trying to think, oh, and then when I was at that age carmeletro. Okay. Yeah. Hey, that was a that I now one didn't know Sarah. No, the 90s. Yeah. She's still with her. So yeah. Yeah. That's a Jew. Um, so I remember having a huge crush on Donna from that 70s show Redheads. Yes. Yeah. Eddie huge crush on her. I still like that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But I had I had a crush on Donna and and then that actress I can't believe a camera her name right now. I'm judging you for that. But go ahead. Yeah. Because so that actress wound up in oranges in a new black. Right. Right. And she except she doesn't have red hair. She has black hair in in it. And she wears glasses. And during that while that show was on, Emily would have people tell her when she'd ever glasses on sometimes people would say, Hey, you know, you look like and she'd go you grow from the oranges new black and they go, yeah. And I happened a bunch of times and I thought it was so funny that I had a crush on her so many years ago. And now I'm dating a girl who had that. Yeah, was getting accused of like, Hey, you know, he looked like. Mm-hmm. So I just thought it was funny. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So that that's who else you don't get one. You have to be right. I mean, I don't fan weight. That's to your frozen. Do I look weird of my cross style? I don't know if this is frozen or judging me both. You're there. I'm here. Van away. And I get that. But you know, me, I don't typically lean towards blondes. But yes, yeah. No, just what if, you know, she was also glamorous. You know, can I buy a buy a vowel? You know, turning the letters? Yeah. It was good. You know, I remember being young and there would be a couple of the prices right girls said I was like, well, that's really pretty. But you know, you're like a little kid. No one knows why I'm watching this. Betty Rubble. I think my first crush. Maybe why I'm a way of why I like to brew nuts. I don't know. First across that floor. It was all the way back to Betty Rubble, dusty. You know, Wilma was a little naggy for me. Well, I'm going to back that. I'm just going to add a little shout out to a lot to put up with Fred was a bit of a dick. So so yeah, there you go. Does that satisfactory? I can handle your list. All right, Ron, this one's for you. What was the hardest part of starting a gym? Oh, hardest part? There's no one part that's it's not like that. It's like the whole thing. It's just just big huge job. So there's a million moving parts, right? And it's just just putting in that you just have to like, you know, once you're committed to an opening date, there's nothing you just have to get it done. Right. So like the hours were ridiculous. That first month. So we signed a lease and in one month our rent was our first month rent was due. So we were like, okay, well, I think we paid our first month or whatever, but we knew that like it was coming. It was coming. So we're like what we have to open in like 28 days. So we had to get all the equipment. Keep it we were keeping get rid of the junk, get the new stuff in, paint the entire room, Renault, a bunch of shit that was fucked. It was a lot of work. But I'd say probably the thing that stressed me out the most because we were each handling different things. Right. One guy was kind of taking, making sure the police got painted and ran out. Right. And another couple guys were doing this and setting up the computer system in bubble. So but I was handling equipment. So I remember I bought a bunch of leg equipment. I had some Atlantis and some arsenal stuff coming from out east. Right. And it didn't show up until late afternoon the day before we opened. So I was like really nervous. The leg equipment was going to be there. Because we had everything else kind of set up and we had big holes on the floor for where the leg press was going to drop and the hack squat was going to drop and it's big places on the floor ready for it. Just hadn't showed up yet. And I was like tracking it on my phone. I'm like, what the fuck? It says it's in town. And like, you know, one of those things. Then a semi pulled up with like 430 in the afternoon on Saturday. We opened Sunday morning. Yeah. So that was I guess for me that was like that as soon as that truck pulled up, I was like, because you don't want to be the one. You're the you're the you're the chink in the armor. Yeah, you know, everyone else gets there. We clink. Petersers set up staff is hired. Bathrooms are functioning. You know, quote me. Yeah. Yeah. We're missing one very important piece, the especially leg equipment. Because that in my opinion is your gem is your leg equipment. Okay. So I have I have a follow-up question to this question because it's important. What do you credit? Primarily the culture that you have in your gem. Because I'm now that I've been in a gem from start to today, like true start point. Culture is everything. It's the reason that the gem is busy. Because at the end of the day it's like a nightclub. Other than that, you've got equipment and a fucking room. So um, well, I think the fact that the ownership group was in there working like turning ranches, you know, drilling holes in shit, cleaning, wiping equipment, greeting the new members. I think that's a big part of it. I mean, we always had great staff that were smiling and friendly and great. Like staff staff was great. But I think it also came from like when we opened the ownership group was like in there. Right. You know, and so when people came into sign up, they're like, oh, there's like, you know, always one out of five owners was there. Like, you know, the owners are here all the time and they're like helping, you know. So that sets a bit of a tone. But I think that I honestly think the music is a huge part of why our gem is different from everyone else's. And there's a lot of gems doing it now, but but not around here in 2017 when we opened like everyone else's plan like satellite radio, like the top 40 station just so nobody complains about anything. Right. And we were playing like, you know, I mean, three years has gone by. Like, it's a lot more common now. But like back then, like you'd walk in and hear like old metallic alive and then you'd hear an NWA song unedited. Right. And then you'd hear like, you know, Samacey DC and his loud. Right. And then you'd hear, you know, like it was just a punk rock song fucking Ramon song that come on loud. And then you'd hear, and it's not about what the people listen to because almost everyone at our gym uses headphones. Right. But there's a huge mistake that people may when they think, oh, well, I don't want my gym uses headphones. So it doesn't matter what music I play. Right. I can just play top 40 radio because everyone that wants to listen to good music will just wear headphones. No, you're wrong. The mood is set when they walk in the door. If I've walked into gyms before that had the fucking traffic news on, I just want to kill myself. Right. Yeah. Right when you're walking the door, you're like, really. You walk in the door and there's like, you know, a fucking punk song on. And it's like playing pretty loud. And you're like, awake. Yeah. And it makes a difference. Like walk into Metro Flex in Texas. Yeah. You can't walk in there and be those. You don't need to actually walk in because you can hear it on your way in. Yeah. Yeah. You know. So it's, it's, it's, I mean music sets a tone. Like, you know what I mean? It's, you know, you're a difference between you go to like, you go to some cafes and they've got like some lay mass shit playing. Right. And then you go to like a cool cafe and there's like some like funky beats playing. Right. And they're like, I like this place way better. It might not even be the music that you would normally listen to, but it just sets the tone. It like this is a more of a mood in that room. Yeah. It's very true. Very true. So I don't care that people put headphones on. I hope, like people listen to whatever they want. It's not a vote making people listen to certain type of music. Just about setting a high energy. All the music we play at West Coast is high energy, relatively fast beat, you know, all sorts of stuff. Yeah. I do like the as you're a variety too, because that's the one thing like you said, people do want to, they want to feel it. But I do think it's important because I walk in and I change the music as soon as I get to the gym. Yeah. And you wear and don't you listen to headphones or no, I don't, you don't, but they're playing what I want. Yeah. Yeah. But yeah, like, and what's funny is what I listen to in the gym is not what I listen to during the day. So like right now I'm on, I'm on a slipknot playlist. Oh, are you? Nice. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Now. Yeah. It's, it's all, I mean, music like there's, you know what I mean? So we walk in. It's funny because I'll walk in and as soon as I walk in the other switches it, because that's my current thing. And sometimes I don't even record. I don't even know the song. So, but it's angry. I'm like, that's what I'm looking for. So I have a funny, uh, we're talking about music. Um, when we, when I hook up with those guys to ride, who we, Joe brings a little speaker, right? Right. Who to, and so the other night he goes, hey, you want to, you want to play some music? Yeah. And I actually, I go, you know what? I listen to whatever I want all the time. All day, all night, the drive here, home at the gym. Like, I don't listen to anything that I don't pick ever. Right. You know, you do this. So, you guys just knock self out. Right. What do I mean? So it's kind of fun because I've heard some music that I had to go, what is this? Right. A couple times. What is this? You know, I like this. I mean, so there's this in my life. Yeah, like I couldn't even quite define it, because there's certain types of music I generally don't like, right? Like, I'm not a country fan. I don't really care about most electronic music. Right. I don't get EDM. Just, I just don't. But there's the odd time you'll hear a track from one of those genres. Like, there's a, there's, you know, I have a favorite country song, but I don't like country music. Right. But so like the other, the other night, this like, electronic song came on. And I was like, wait a minute, this is actually what is this? This is cool. Right. Yeah. I need just one. That's what I got. I got to say, I've flown all the time just again. Yeah. Like, why do I, why do I like this one? But I don't really like this genre at all. Yeah. The other 30 songs before the suck, but there's, yeah, I didn't even notice them. They're just very violent, you know? So that's the, I like, when you get exposed to something, you know, that's one of the things I like about the people who watch this show, they send me music all the time. Right. And, and it's funny, some, I mean, obviously, I don't like everything they send, but some of the songs, they send, they're pretty cool. Right. And then, like, the one, one listener got the impression I was in, they're like super heavy metal. So you sent me, like, a bunch of death metal and I was like, oh, dude, I can't hear this. This is just, no, like, no region, death metal or, or what do they call it? You know, no region, black metal or whatever, like, it's just so crazy heavy. You don't hear anything. Laura prepon, fuck dusty. I knew I would fucking, and I see Emily with the dark hair. I see what they're seeing, but that's the girl from that 70 show, but without the red hair. She's way off. It would dark hair. Well, I wouldn't know. And I mean, I liked her in that 70 show. Here we go. I'm just talking. And they know, they know. Hey, Ron, what's the matter of role? Would you star in a porno and you get to pick the star you fuck? No. No. He's against it. He doesn't want to be in one. Why? I did it. I would never want to be in a porno. Who don't want to be in a porno? All the people you I'm just kidding. I'm all the people I judge. Oh, my god. Who's there's a good one? I would want to be in porno. I just like to watch it and judge those who make it dusty. But you give them a, but it's a, is there ever a good judgment like that's great work? Well, it is. I actually, I quite often see I like to be impressed. You can just stop the sentence right there. Click the chill off. We're done. I like to be a guy. Click show ends right there. I like to be impressed. Oh, yeah. That's me. Press. Hey, what do you want? Wait, right there. I appreciate being impressed. In general, that's fantastic. That's, that is funny. Okay. Okay. Yes. So we're reacting. I have to answer all these later. So don't be judged if I said who cares. Okay. This is fun. What lift in your career? Are you most proud of? Like, I must have been where we're talking about a single moment. I didn't really, I didn't really have any like crazy lifts or any like ridiculous stuff. I had some like strong periods where, you know, I think I got quite a bit out of my body for what I was doing at the time. The strongest I ever got was I squatted. I squatted six plates for a single one time. And it was fucking scary, man. But I squatted it. Right. And I think I was 23 or 24. Anyways, yes, squatted it. Scared to shit out of me. I squatted, sorry. I dead lifted. I did five and a half plates for five sets of five a few times, which I guess is quite a bit of volume if you let me show it out. But I did five sets of five and a half plates. That was my absolute strongest I ever dead lifted because I never really did a heavy single. So I don't really know, you know, it's funny because my answer, this is not what we were thinking. The proudest lift ever has the first time I pulled six plates because I fought it for a long time and couldn't get it. Oh, so you're talking it. Oh, so okay. So to me, it's probably that pressable. That's the amount of the greatest lift. I remember picking it up and putting it down and feeling like I just shook the world because I had missed it so many times. It was my four minute mile. Right. Oh, okay. I told this before like yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I got it one wrap and then a week later I got it for three. Yeah. But the one wrap that's that will doesn't matter what I do for the rest and I've pulled eight but that was the one like where I was like holy fuck. So if you're going to say that I would say then my proudest moment would have been I did a four 25 bench when I was 20 which I was super proud of because I was like I remember like I've never done it not a five inch. I remember just like being wide away like and like vibrating I was like I benched fucking for 25 because I'd never even touched four plates before. You went to four 24 24 24. Yeah. So yeah. So what happened was was John and I were training together in New Zealand in 1996 and we just I remember he we always trained Dorian style but this one day and we're just out of the blue. Like I run the imprepared for it. John was like let's bench heavy today and I was like oh okay he's one change things up he's like yeah I just wanted to do some benching. Let's not do like a normal chess workout it's just benched to see how we feel and I remember so so okay so he just started doing like doubles and racking it putting weight on doubles so I just started doing it we didn't even talk about it and then next thing you know he puts on four plates does a single and I was like fuck so I got under it and fucking did a single and I was like fuck a bench for a plate is it Kate we're going out and I was like oh we're going over for a plate because I just done something I'd never done before. Right. I was like I just benched for a plate so I'm like should I have ten of each I just fucking went for it. Yeah because it did 385 and I got it so I went 405 and I got it and then went to 425 and I got that and then he went to four and a half and he got it. It's 42 as we also all know that that's not at all how you would approach it if you were trying to see how strong you'd be you tired yourself out multiple times before going for the heaviest weight of your life. Yeah we took huge rest like we were there for like an hour and a half but I remember he did four and a half and and then afterwards we were like I think that's pretty good because we don't even really bench. I liked that too that's that's so the bro that you tell you like I think that was all right. Yeah that's pretty good and then I tell this story I've probably said it dozen times but the next day I had a big bruise on my arm and I wasn't sure if it was like try to perform related but it kind of scared shit out of me so I never did any heavy singles after that and then the six plate squat because I was really scared but I didn't want to fucking I was all talking myself into this six plate squat and then that day I wasn't really feeling it but I'd already told a bunch of people I was going to squat six plates and there was some guys at the gym no like at least one six plates a day and I was like fuck you broke literally my only rule because I told them that all the time I've I've never done something for the first time I guess I have a couple but I never went for something really big for the first time on camera or even recorded it right the first time I go for something I just feel like I never wanted to train for the camera or for people I just had a camera there I was just quietly put it on over in the corner by myself and go for it and just you know but because yeah I just have this fear of getting injured going for something like even what you said like the bench how many guys have that story where that's where they tore their pack yeah it's for some heavy benching today like random yeah you were 24 so that's something but but someone came with me now like let's do some heavy benz right yeah but you go fuck yourself and remember I'm right squat it remember I squat it four for a single and then I did five for a single and I had five and a half for a single and then I put six plates on and then I I did my knee wraps up like extra tight like I fucking did them up extra tight and I cranked my belt and I just went in like comma I'm just gonna go squat this fucking yeah whatever happens that's how you get strong though I mean you can't you if you doubt it miss yeah you know and I've missed plenty of times on on a squat I just knew how to get out so it was fine it's jump yeah yeah yeah you know the fucking what I would say that those are those are lifts just because I was like that squat I was pretty scared and then the bench I was like I thought John was crazy when he's like he was like we're going up you're hoping to do four I'm good well I you know how when you bench like I felt like the bar went up like one mile an hour I don't know your bar the bar went up flew up and you're like that's not what I remember how was I fight it for my life I just did it it did not fly up and he's like no I flew up you know and there's no video on the phone to check the bar speed or see if there's any possibility you can add weight you're all ears jerks I thought I saw you walk to the bathroom and come back during my rep I could have swore you walked away I came back or flew up yeah no it's funny because I do like to point that out though is that that's the impressive stuff for me because I see it in the gym too like I'll look over and see like a kid go after like a three-fifteen dad and and pull it in a way where I'm like that was impressive yeah yeah I get it all the time people have this thing in their head that if you're pulling seven eight plates you don't that's nothing to you and I'm like I can see when some of the locks in the set and I'm like oh fuck yeah yeah so this kid at the gym the other day was sumo deadlifting four plates and he was just like tapping the floor and going up again like bang and there were perfect reps and I know it's just four plates but he's a little guy like a frame smaller guy you know we got lots of muscle on him but I could just see his his core and his back were rock solid like like you know that whole hip breathing and I could just see the power like that's the how much tension he had running through his back because you know you could tell when someone's got a bit of a soft back yep and I could tell his back was just like iron like there was not fucking moving and he was just driving it with the hips boom boom and I was like oh that guy's locked in like that's him so if he's like crushing that weight and it's heavy for him and he's straining and he's like pushing himself and those faces purple but you just appreciate the effort you know yeah I think you would see things when you've been in the sport long or that other people can like I love to watch Jordan Peters train not because of the weight he uses but I really think he gets more out of every rep than anyone I know like I can I can pull what he can pull but I don't think I get like I watch every rep and I'm like fuck man he activated every fiber let's take every rep is last yeah but he didn't he gets three more you're like oh he's done and then he gets another one and it's like that's just impressive to watch if you ask me it's like that's what's not it's not even the weight it's like right his body's functioning different than mine you know what I mean yeah so I got a training one here true um someone asked him a question it's how would you program barbell squats barbell rows and RDLs or stiff leg deadlifts in a four day split to obviously you know keep your lower back healthy so what's your answer so let's assume they're on a four day split so was that training four days in a row and then a day off no it doesn't happen for you to just like the story this week yeah yeah it means to be too on one off too long too off would be how all right roll that um you know what's weird is that that's person to person um because for me if I was trying to maximize that my rows would be on the same day as my audience so my take on that is very similar but if I personally would do squats and stiff leg debts on leg day both on the same day right and then I would have my back workout half the week later right yeah so we have the same exact mentality just opposite thing I would say yeah separately and that would be you know three three to four days later than that one right and if yeah and if you wanted yeah and if you wanted to make it normal deadlifts I'd put those on back day with the barbell rows yep so yeah so you're kind of using your lower back twice a week right yeah and that's kind of because I do get that question a lot with how DC training works is sometimes because they're moving days you will line up that you did a you did RDLs one day and you're bent rowing the next day um sometimes it's just how false and what's funny is I find that's easier to do then I would hate to have say RDLs on a Tuesday and then blasting back on a Thursday that's when I can feel Tuesday's workout I don't feel it on Wednesday I'm good to go we can we can roll you know okay but I also think one thing guys are missing out on right now that I don't know how is the the Theragons the hyperisers those things what they do to prime a muscle before you train is immense I use hypervolt the hyperized company they make a foam roll that vibrates also I'll hit that before I train have you seen the high-press fear yeah yeah like it's like that but this is just probably about a 14 inch roller and yeah okay that on the low back and then it doesn't matter I could I could not push it out of the day before I'm going to go again it's funny you see in those guns everywhere now like this footage of um like inside the buck and ears locker room there's like yeah like all there's a gun there's a gun there's a gun there's like three of them laying around and then the fucking I see it in the bike world yeah like one of the guys I ride with he has a gun he uses it before he comes out use that home and then drives the spot yep yeah like everyone's using it they got they got yoga mats they fucking roll out and they stretch out and get all mobile and then they get and then they get going and then yeah it's it's like yeah every it's it's crazy you know you think about where sports was 20 years ago 30 years ago like when we're in hockey players we're chain smoking and then none of them lifted weights oh dude like I we we talked about that I used to get uh your honor here where it was just as long as your body happened and blast we used to it's funny because I look back like we used to I would my my diet was so terrible when I played like we could don't with a late night game and in mind you I'm on a team that's paying for everything yeah and but we had to get back home we were busing back home after a weekend trip they would pull off at 7-11 to eat so you get not chosen whatever the fuck you could and just be back on the bus and that was like pro wrestlers that's hockey like all right you're good to go and I think and now these kids would be like a fuck you're athletes while their parents would be calling how come I suddenly get nutritious meal they have a hockey school we're the fuck right you know yeah we're not chosen with the cheese sauce from 7-11 and a and a Mr. Pive is not dinner yeah yeah it's a different world now man everyone's got to perform and people push themselves so much harder because it's standard and everything is so much higher what's the thing you'll do like thinking about when we when we were when we were kids what it meant to be a great skater versus now yeah yeah you know like I see shit I'm like how the fuck did that just happen it's like no I know I'm I know I'm old because my first thought is no helmet a yeah what's this what was this you're speaking of well hey we're so we're also eating tidebods these days so let's say yeah let's not assume that makes them more impressive than that might just be stupid so yeah after sure so dusty very important question yes what is your favorite cheese is it on sandwich I don't know fuck tell us the difference well it really matters because I mean like I'm not putting pro alone on a cheeseburger okay I'm putting on turkey sandwich okay right and I mean am I do I have a what do the hell I can never see that word the board with the cheese and the meats and my wine yeah it's a very fancy thing then I got a variety of of cheeses okay so if I have to go with just one cheese okay I'm going classy I'm getting those moot I call them the moot cow cheeses they got the little cow on them and they're red little plastic shit around the outside okay that shit whatever that cheeses those are awesome and what do you do with those I eat is it you just eat them yeah they're not supposed to be like put on anything they probably are but I am white trash I just unwrapped them and I put them in my mouth what are you doing what kind of weird shit are you into I just eat that's their like Reese's pieces they're all this individually what do you do with them up boy and you see we're getting back to the porn question huh all right yeah it was late for what you're gonna say there oh see so here's a thing with me as I'm actually not a fan of many of the cheeses that I've tried really I'm very simple guy I like moots arella on my you know they put around pizza on my sandwich maybe or on my cheeseburger maybe a slice of cheddar on the burger or cheddar burgers good but other not I don't really I'm not a cheese guy now sorry not fancy no I'm not I enjoy good cheese but it's kind of like someone that's far classier than me I had ordered it and I was like oh that's good what is that that's how I function you know what I mean yes okay your turn neck lift we got time for a few more buddy you need a neck lift is that what someone said someone asked me about a neck lift I don't know what that means means getting your your chins your chins taking care of it oh here we go a local anesthetic for gyna surgery to say if money is that a bad idea no no bad idea it all you don't have to be asleep for that no fact I having nothing to do with money I'm not a fan of going under if you don't have to ever I told you about when I got my quad surgery right tell me the doctor your doctor asked he's like do you want to go under and I was like oh I have a choice and he's like yeah we can give you a you know a shot an epidural right just paralyze your your legs right and do it while you're awake and I was like oh okay so I actually said yes to that I don't know what I was thinking but I said yes and he's up we don't fucking do that so they bring me under the room and they set me up and he takes this fucking needle right and I realize all that given me a shot in my fucking spine I wasn't thinking I was like not thinking you thought there was going to put in your life I just wasn't thinking I just wasn't like thinking right and he comes in I'm like I don't want to check it out and he sticks it right in my spine right and I lay back down and like a few minutes goodbye I was like so your legs numb and I'm like no when he's like can you move around I go yep when I move around he's like oh a few more minutes because so maybe legs I'm like yeah he's a kind of fuck so he goes wow we're going to give you a second shot because they must have missed the the the cavity right so he fucking comes in and he's getting another shot and he's like I hear him say like oh I can't get in there and he's like like I can feel it in my back because he's trying to get you out dude I think he's comfortable like having a conversation so then he just pulls it out or no he stuck it in and then they lay back and they ask me again if he hears eggs I'm like yeah and he's like so then I he comes back he's like we don't think we can get find the spot because you've got too much muscle right and I'm first of on like isn't the spine like is it still the same place yeah still in the same place right there's no muscle on the spine like it doesn't I can touch where the spine is yeah yeah like it just it makes sense to me but thank you for telling me I have too much muscle it makes me feel better about myself stroke my ego then charge me through grand so he's like yeah so it's gonna give me two fucking shots and nothing happened so then I just laid back and they give me the gas you know you ever had that one time when they put you under you know they tell you to count backwards or at least they do yeah yeah these count back where it was later yeah so what was funny was I remember I went in and it was funny because I was like count backwards from a hundred you know I mean I remember I got to like 87 and the doctors like starting to look at me and then I was gone remember it was longer than most people like I could see them was like you're supposed to get to like 96 you know yeah yeah but it was the same result then I just woke up hours later and what the fuck happened I remember I woke up and the first thing I saw nurse goes oh you're awake and she gives me a pill and it was obviously it's a perk or whatever they give you when you first wake up right and then I was just saying the dumbest shit I guess I was like cracking jokes like I don't know what I was going to get the third time fuck Emily and all Emily said was oh your piece of work I feel like creepy old man that starts saying like sexually harassing things but they give him a pass because he's like 80 yeah but you didn't get that pass yeah well I think I think I got the pass because I was on lots of drugs like we'll just look at that pass everyone it's laughs always so loaded on morphine let them say when he wants I can only imagine the shit that they've heard actually though yeah I can imagine it just nurses are a tough bunch you know have to get it ourselves that's not kidding ourselves they are they are a tough bunch I get some really fucked up people that fall in my other way got a question or what we got time for one more I wanted to get a good one I hate this because I'm gonna ask you I'm gonna ask you this question just because it's not that I'm seeing what it will what is the worst cycle experience you ever had oh worst cycle experience I ever had well I don't know about worst there's probably lots of dumb little stories but I'll tell you about one that was probably really dumb was I would have been like 21 and back then there was only two types of gear either got European amps human grade European amps or you got really good vet stuff but and of course there was a lot of people had the misconception that vet stuff was like made for courses but it's exactly the same test probe is test probe it's the same compound the chemistry is identical I want to speak of the horse anyways if you just have a different picture on it you know so we used to get the good vet stuff a lot so we used to get boxes the test probe cases the test probe and they were 100mg per mill and they were the iso green and white and it was cool no 10mb oh yeah 10mb of 100mg probe and it was like univet right from the vet right you know a little hologram stickers on the box and everything it couldn't get any better but those are the old days people who take underground stuff now just do not know but back in those days probe always hurt now a lot of probe still hurts I don't use probe anymore but I know some guys it's still hurts I've had probe that hurt if I probe that didn't hurt but whatever back in those days I don't know exactly why probe hurts I think it has something to do with the the ester on the on the testosterone if I'm not mistaken there's something on it that makes it anyways long story short someone can explain why probe hurts we can do that in another episode but that old vet probe everyone used to say oh it's really good but you get a pretty sore pretty sore spot right so I just thought that you were supposed to get a sore spot right so I used this vet probe that was so good like I remember like you know taking 300mg a week and just like growing like everyone in the gym being like fuck you're gonna be a bodybuilder right I don't know and but the thing was is every shot I took was like crippling right but I thought that's what everyone meant by your supposed to get a sore spot right so I'm like crippled fuck like a kind of fucking walk few times like put it like couldn't we put a shot in your delt can you move your arm for like three days like fucking crippled and I just saw well that's just that's just what it is and then I don't really have a choice because this is the only access to this only good stuff I can get right now but you know and then I finally had a talk of the diet and he's like no no no you know I was supposed to feel like that and I realized that I was especially sensitive to you know probe back in the day other guys would just get a sore spot but I was like fucking crippled and it didn't matter what I did was like not my fault it wasn't like I was fucking it up right was just but I went through like I did like a three month cycle of that stuff just fucking agony like in three basically so you were in pain for three months because you were taking three shots a week so every shot one day when they fried that you were fucked I don't know how many weeks I lasted but I lasted way too long until I finally realized I was being a stubborn dummy as you were saying second shot I had been out like I'm out we're good yeah yeah yeah so now I tell people like you don't have to live like that you know you know what I mean what about you well mine's easy and it's relatively famous which is 2013 shot of Winnie V oh yeah the bandage tricep oh yeah okay and by arm actually like to give me an idea I don't I don't like pain meds at all I don't take pain meds just against them and I actually call the friend and said whatever pain meds you have in your house bring them to me I met him in my driveway with a glass of water and took it and my skin actually it looked like I was getting a burn from the inside out yeah yeah we talked about that skin falling off and my tricep is permanently has a point on it so people to this day will say oh well you obviously have SEO in your arm and they think like today well that's actually eight that's eight years old and my tricep has a permanent point yeah I've done scraping every type of thing to get in everyone never gonna be gone that's my fucking arm it just looks like that now I'll be small down the line and have this fucking it's funny too because I I'm actually cognizant of it when we're filming and stuff and I'm like I'll see the video I'm like how someone's gonna pick up something like yeah no I've had people ask me to like just tissue to Zarms I'm like no and they're like are you sure and I'm like because I've seen it I'm literally sure his arms look identical every time except they've slowly gotten a little bigger over the years the shape is never different from expo to expo they look identical yeah but it's funny because I've never hit them so I always have it like yeah I used to put stuff on them just not shot them not not not oils like that just normal stuff but that I can't put that arm anymore because of that though because I am afraid that any swelling will just highlight that and I have done it before like you know you're especially in prep or somewhere I just gotta put somewhere and that would be and then you're taking like fuck I've done actually did a video shoot one time where I didn't die to where long she's or a t-shirt I still started up on my dudes it's not good unless you want the star of your video being that tricep t-shirt right right right right today remember so I remember the man like the the early 2000s was crazy I remember going to the expo in 2002 and Rest in peace Matt Duval um remember Matt Duval of course the arms great guy remember Matt Duval was at the muscle tech booth and he had a little bandaid on both the inside and the outside head of his tricep and then a little bandaid on each bicep and he had a tag top on and you know it's signing away taking photos signer away and I was like what is it you have six bandits on your arms like is it just just like just leave them there you know we all know that's for right but I just can believe he had the mind at the booth yeah because I just take them off and well I was surprised that they what did the manager a muscle tech say athlete rep yeah back then did no one care like was like 2002 that much of a gunslinger era he if you just dropped to the expo with bandids on your delts and just well here they were just happy you took the needles out they're like well he removed the syringe so that's cool I just I remember just seeing it I was like and I mean he had awesome arms but like he had obviously just shot them up or something yeah and I was just like fuck oh yeah and some of the bandids had the little red dot in the middle like they were literally yeah like literally did that this morning before coming to the expo like yeah I was just like oh man like I just thought that was like I was like oh is that what's going on like I shoot in the arms up for the expo what's funny to me because you know I have had people out it's a very common question especially with that and they'll be like are you against or you think it's cheating and I'm like no I actually don't think it's cheating I think my problem with SEO uses you fuck it up and it works yeah another thing that's what you're doing and you're going yeah like so so to me the reason was risk to reward is people always just said to me and I'm like if I was gonna do SEO I'd use my shitty biceps right I'd be putting it in my muscle that sucks that I've been bitching about for a decade yeah and the reason I never put anything else in the biceps is they would hurt yeah I couldn't train and then my mentality especially the way I like to train I was like I'm gonna tear something because I want to train the way I want to try and I want to do that I'd rather train than have a bigger arm so fuck it we're in training right you know but yeah it's funny looking back is yeah I would have literally walked up between my friend and they do take the fucking are you serious what are you doing like what are you I would absolutely be lying you like are you what what's the fuck going on with you I he looked like he was just having a good old time in the booth I was totally normal business is usual you know he's a great guy right so he's like hey I'll take pictures people lined up and we'll move you know like oh wow like and my was my first Olympia too so I was just like oh like this is how it is okay start looking for bandages and other booths yeah yeah you know it was just funny fun times man just health conscious that's all yeah okay well dusty thanks again remember everybody like share subscribe comment ring the bell it's just bodybuilding we appreciate you anything you want to say before we go today sit man just other than Scott good better on his coba trip oh yeah Scott he's got covid he says he feels like dog shit but you know that's what you get for being around people you should just be all by yourself forever that's all the magic yeah yeah okay thanks Jesse remember everybody it's just bodybuilding