Can I could wax poetic emotion on that voice is woven into my body-building life? I mean, times you've heard of the back of your head? Yeah, I don't know if, if I wonder if Leroy really fully understands how impactful his voice is to someone like me from that era. Yeah. Well, what's here in the video? One of the videos, can you remember the guy that was training with the person you were watching over here? Yeah, like it, I can smell things when I hear the horizon. Hey, everybody. Welcome to It's Just Bodybuilding Reacts. Remember, like, share, subscribe, comment, and ring the bell. I am mutant.com. Dusty 20 big round 20 for 20% off. Everyone get your all in, get your ISO surge, and everyone should get on the gear. What do we got today? Scomic Naly. We've got some James Hollington. Now, this is training with Leroy Davis, and it's on Leroy's channel. So, we weren't going, like, as far back into the, the archives this time. But we did get a request for this one. So, I thought that this would be fun. This would have been from, from last year, would have been or the year before. I think, yeah, I'd be the year before if he's getting ready for the Olympia. Okay. Yeah. That would make sense. So, we got Ant there. You're going to say that's not Leroy for the record. Yeah. So, are they at Ant's gym then? They must be at the peers at his location there. Now, more just immediately the Lumberjack shirts for everyone's everybody. Everybody. They even want to make sure. Business that day. Yes. Remember we talked about the, the Lumberjack shirt uniform. Oh, yes. Yes. Tell when it goes quiet. Remember. When you go quiet, you like it? Tell. When it goes quiet. Every day. Don't, it'll get the boys together like this. I know what the one section is to do. Ah. I think we're going to get to, because it's a machine that I haven't used. I'll see on a familiar machine probably like maybe three to four warmaps and then I'll work. I want one. I'm going to get to the second one. I probably only need one little feel and then I know. You know, I mean, the first exercise was the one that I take it on the spot. You want to come more warms. Yeah, I pretty good up one or two more. Oh, yeah. So we're at, we're, I think we're pretty much at ultra-flexive. What does that mean? Yeah. Probably Ant's, uh, Ant's location there, which I haven't been to. I went to Cuba's location. It was closer. Okay. Ant's location is like another couple hours drive, I think. I love to get up there. See him at Lee Roy. I got to say too. I'm excited to see, I think I mentioned it before. I'm excited to see how James looks on stage, because his physique is looking crazy right now in the stuff I was posting on Instagram. So he had exactly the same tempo on those as Ant's tempo. Oh, there was exactly like on Blood and Guards if you watched. I was like the same. You can always tell. So we don't have the steadiest cam. We got a little bit of Blair Witch going on here. Yeah. I was thinking that same thing. Also you can tell there's no editing going on here. So that's good. I love Lee Roy shirt. It says leg day. And then it says big fuck off tree trunks. It's a Sunday shirt, obviously. It's a Sunday shirt. It's a Sunday shirt. It's a direct church. Where to church. Let's see. Maybe I want to get a zoom into where James is being James. Yeah, yeah. Let's go to here. This actually might be a working set that you're getting into. I'm not sure. Yeah, take a peek here. Let's see. Now I'm warming up. I'm warming up to here. Hold it there. Let's go again. I roll back slowly. Let's enjoy it. Just the hamstrings moving all the way down. And pull hold it. You got one fucking more. All the way down. Oh, that's a joke from his eye. It's a temple. Hold it there. Hold it. Still got one more James. Still fucking one more. And pull. Pull it. Pull it. Hold it there. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. And slow. Come on. We're coming down. Okay, sookie in. Yeah, talking down. There we go. Just want to like to kind of partial rep failure. You know what I'm just going. Yeah. Right back to it. I don't want to go. All the way down into the full stretch. I'm pulled. And hold the air squeeze. Pick a pressure on. I'm pulled. Hold it there. Let's go again. Hold Here come the forest wraps yep, once you slide behind you hold it What Okay, you hold it hold it hold it hold it And slow whoo That's all in last one last one last one mind over later still go in Forest rest we got positive negative and a drop set on one just an easy day That is the most iconic voice in bodybuilding It's funny and oh All the bodybuilders to make training videos All the the top Olympic guys that that put up content Remember last week we're talking about how the guys in the UK maybe Like hard for guys, but not have all their screws tightened up and they were had properly I think it all starts with this voice I can't I could wax poetic about that voice is woven into my bodybuilding Life I mean times you've heard it back here. Yeah, I don't know if if I wonder if Lira Really fully understands like how impactful his voice is to someone like me for not era Yeah, well, what's here? What is it video? Can you remember the guy that was training with the person you were watching the video like it? I can smell things when I hear the rise You know what I mean like that's Marvel Yeah, that's Marvel. Yeah, and check We won't be able to watch the whole thing because this is like over an hour long and you just shot the whole thing straight So I'm trying to focus on shit. There's nothing straight It's definitely not You got a quad movement coming up here Something Looks like they're going to add duck oh, this is extensions after that we get into some extensions man So that's the old flex extension. I believe Love that thing that might be Dorians. Is it not because I know that It is yeah, I'm not sure if that's the one but I know Ant has some of Dorians equipment in his gym And he got like a like a package of it. You know he's got the pull over on a few other items And I know Dorian had an old flex extension. I just can't remember exactly what color it was Yeah We'll plus he would have refurbished it for his gym anyway as crap Immaculate looking as far as color No, it's not like See you can see the set is it's about like Trauma and and workload and you know taxing the fibers as much as possible Yeah, you know all this you know controlled negatives and the whole the partials and four straps and everything you're just trying to just Causes much stress as possible in the tissue You also got a point out a few guys that watch James's videos this isn't how he always trains You know we had talked about that on previous. It's just body-bling like so I'm not I'm just good to just go in there and get your ass beat You know, yeah, yeah, I mean he's clearly you know people go to leave right for one thing Yeah, yeah We're like I want to just get obliterated with maximum intensity You know sets that are such deep water that you know I don't know if I'm ever gonna come out of them. You know that sort of thing But I think it's important that you got the people see too. That's like so that has value But it doesn't necessarily mean he needs to go to it all the time. He's not going to our amount change my training style You know I think that James is if not definitely one of these strongest overall body-builders currently. I mean it's ridiculous What he is yeah There's a lot of things James is he's one of the most hardcore guys have ever mad Yes He when I think of British body-building. He's like One of the best examples of it in every possible way When we had Luke Sandor on the show he talked about James He was talking about we were talking about strength and he said you want to know if someone who's really crazy and James wasn't as know and then as he is now You know You know you say in James he had trained with him but on it that point you was like James is something else Oh, I'm getting dizzy. I'm getting dizzy. I don't know I return to the camera side to say But watch and we turn left Yeah Always hold nicey yeah He gave him a little burn break and then put it back down That's just a brutal pain. I really hope today then move on to like a crazy Compile movement just because they're come already smoked. I mean all we've done is two hand movements and extensions You could go home after this But you know I do sense to these work sets of endropsets He's only got like a hundred pounds on I was close to the stack at the beginning Hey, fuck off I love it I didn't round I think his video gets monetized very often That's nuts just see amount of time under tension for this set. Oh, yeah, I said you know it's like what minute and a half long set easy yeah easily We carry it on a whole multiple conversations there. That was a good mess Right now a hug Yeah, I get the hug them Well, they made it through that together so that deserves a hug thanks dad All right, I'm skipping this is like 25 minutes down now Yeah, now we're getting to like leg press I It's not like a Ronnie yes sir. We're dead right there. Yeah, actually that's funny We I didn't hear it until you said that I was like I heard it backwards That's about I saw a guy at the gym like pressing the other day pretty impressive weight and he had good depth But the set was still shitty and what I mean by that is he James just did those warm-up reps there Like they were like precision controlled, you know You guys I was getting good depth but it was kind of dropping the sled and he kind of rebounding his knees off his pecs and There's a bunch of jolting and at the top there was almost a jolt at the top of every rap You know right yeah, and you want to take all those all that motion out of it You know have full control I I used to think one of my cues was that my feet were strapped to the leg press like a snowboard And I was rolling the sled down to me with my feet Okay, and then driving the you know what I mean so I was like I was in control of the sled So if it was coming down it's because I was pulling it down. I had that mental cue. I loved that cue I never once thought of it that way like never once but I'm certain I will next time as well Everybody watching this right now By the way, how does everyone in that gym do math based on those plates? I just got to know What do you mean it just be points? No no 25 Kilgram they're 55 pounds of peace. Oh, yeah the 25 kg plates probably I've actually moved by the leg press Yeah, so you're just imagining for everybody who's who's got their math out that only knows how to do 135 2225 Like oh 20 I pound plates. I never did the math on the leg press. They just count plates So yeah, yeah, like press just load them on there, but that's I mean 55 pound plates. That's a whole different ball game there Yeah, those are big ass plates. I know him. I mean you go to some gyms have a couple hundred pound plates over by the leg press Yeah, you know I like those as long as they the thickness makes sense like sometimes a hundred pound is bigger than the The 45s it would have been a place like it lost its value That's right like the james and in JP got going on an edge of me those teeny tiny 45 pound plates Those are good I don't know how you even get grabbed them to I don't put one on the ground it'll be there for the rest of the No, it's Those days they're like You guys are retrained at bad Francis powerhouse. Yes. Yeah. I remember they plumbly used to always do the videos there and he always said that those weights were a little heavier Then average 45 pounders. Do you yeah, does that ring a bell at all to you? Yeah, yeah, I actually I mentioned that one time There was a guy in Instagram went in there and he like weighed a bunch of them and he's like they're all 48 pounds Oh no kidding. No kidding. Yeah Because that was the thing was beves plates are a little heavier and Steve had those unique plates that I don't see anywhere else And he had like hundreds of them there was no stray plates in the gym. They were all matching Okay, all heavy and even like I even noticed when I trained like you grab a plate go per honor like That's You know if you know 45 feels like I like how lorized like you know how old is he right 50 something oh Yeah, he's just in there training training with him doesn't know any other way Damn Almost start the volume up Good beard too Great beard You have just the homenset My favorite hero story is Rob Bailey told me hilarious story about he went to like a two-twelfth show in England one time Yeah, but anyway sitting in the front row with Jay and Dana and Lira was behind them And Lira had a UK bandana on union jack bandana and an airport because like pretty guys do air horns And whenever a British guy came on stage Lira would stand up and blasts air horn like he's at a soccer game And just yelling at a crowd going crazy for the UK guys and Robin Dana were filming it They were like this is crazy because they go to show in the states Have you ever seen someone just stand up at an auditorium blast an air horn? Loan screamer You're looking at a clap I mean American Americans are sitting on their hands, right? Yeah, there's just he was laughing his ass off. He turns a camera on Jay and just his laugh Like he kept all the evenings, he's just crazy It's normal to them Lira is yelling at bombs, you know Yeah, I drive this one. Do more I ask fucking piston one more. There was nothing brief Okay briefs okay, so keep talking I drive come on come on you fucking freak That's amazing Breaming in come on come on let's shock them let's welcome let's go I drive She's got his elbow on the sled Piece of piss neighbor British saying ever First 12 reps are a piece of piss I was loved that one I loved that one I had a Canadian friend that used to say piece of piss and that's where I got it from but then I realized later that it came from It's classic James speaking another language at this point We're going to hex what's next Here we go I love this You know When you start going on the fields heavy them one if up midcent Perfect perfect warm I go down if you want to go nuts Fast chin oh they're talking about rack and you nice yeah down going down Oh Oh Actually made me dizzy when I live back Oh, that feels naughty fuck Which hack is that wrong that's a flex oh yeah, okay? I don't think I've ever used that machine before Where would that fit run on your on your scale of favorite to least favorite hex glass? That's a really good hack. I like it that One thing I don't like about it is the platforms not a josty boy. Okay, and I feel like it's slow the platform on that one's a Sometimes I feel like it's a little bit low Your light your toes are going to the front of your shoe a little bit Which some people like but You know tell us our gym too Yeah, that's brutal But but they're good hacks but if you that that same hack is still available under this the I guess they moved it to not elist now, but Star Trek was making that design for a while and then I think it's now not elist is making those designs But you know same angle and stuff, but obviously the flex one is kind of the classic Okay, except it's like a set Oh, it's gonna go up yeah, you can tell as soon as it went up Damn what's the ad eight plates now said eight or nine Couldn't tell eight great the attitude We're going to see the story so He didn't like need two minutes to reset from that one ramp. I just train in Under for so long 100% or nothing 40 years thatively right shirt says yeah, yeah, or forever On nice and deep and I drive Still one more This ties in really well with you guys talking about not going later Yeah, exactly Yeah, you know always it made this me about James is like obviously that was a brutal last couple reps Complete silence Yeah, you barely hear him breathe. I'm like if I I can't be that quiet on my warmup I try I literally have my car you gotta stop being so damn loud It blows my mind that he'll do stuff like that and just you know those squats seven plates in silence You can hear the plates rattling Very pumped oh god exploding Yeah, not a minus separation left it at this stage. You know what I mean? I don't know other I'm shocked yes any any does it's pretty wild Yeah, I cannot wait to see him at the Arnold it's gonna be awesome is on track to be his best ever you can tell Yeah, who's a coach of again. I see is just kind of creating with JP as an E as he got a coach There's meals helping him. I can't remember I think I don't know if he still is I can't speak to that for sure Yeah, it changes quite a bit so I'm not really sure, but whoever's doing it. It's working to mean that he always looks awesome But this is this is like a couple weeks ago. Now I think but like they just he's looking incredible You looking it up around or something. Oh, I just message I just message him again. All right Just yeah, I just saw it throwing another message. I'm gonna be doing them what a it peers like I'm doing a mutant on a mission at him and JP's Oh, yeah, when I go there in April for when I go to Germany for Fibo We're gonna stop by England and doing episode with them This is a few weeks ago this shot. Yeah. Yeah, I love it That's fun stuff man. I It's uh, I mean Leeroy is just you got to give the guy credit he truly Freak him loves that shit He's been doing that for 40 years just yelling at people and training like that and and you know it would be It would be kind of weird like being Dorian's training partner during that peak like where do you you know how does the rest of your body Building and GM helping guys it doesn't they could ever gonna recapture like helping Dorian and Yeah, but but he loves it so much that he's just and and I also another thing I've heard about Leeroy Was he just gives and gives and gives and gives his time to these guys you can see all right You know I've heard it repeatedly Yeah, yeah, this is like you know it's like you can see that it's his life mission You know, he's just like oh, I do this. This is my job and then I go home at night like this is what he is Yeah, like a bomb could go off and he's like and busy with a set right now James James has a couple reps left so whatever just happened is just gonna have to wait You know Yeah, yeah, you can tell he's one of those guys it just wants to like oh like a missionary You know yeah spread the spread the gospel You know I want It's it's it's great and and and he'd be one of the reasons why you can bodybuilding I mean he's one of the reasons why you can bodybuilding is but it is I mean he's one of the foundational reasons for that I'll show you how Luke trained how James trained a JP trains like all these Cuba all these guys that I that we know I mean that whole scene comes from that video man It all comes from that video. It's just really crazy like I I look back on like you know the certain things that have triggered You know cascading effects and You know why are things the way they are now and you think of like it's because it's really like key players Been some real key players in our in our body bodybuilding culture and some of them were mr. Olympias and some of them weren't Some of them were Other people that have like had like profound impacts on Hundreds of thousands of of young guys like me that That wanted to be bodybuilders and I thought how the hell do I develop that crazy looking physique like I'm on a mission to find out how and then You know blood and guts arrives in the mail You watch it for the fur you pop it into your VHS player for the first time in 1997 and you watch that video and you're like My your world has changed and Yeah, and it just it's really cool to see him still doing it guys like James and you know, and I mean And the ant is another guy like everybody loves that dude and he just wants everyone to train as hard as possible, you know I don't know I like to give a little bit of credit just take a second to recognize like the really hardcore bodybuilding scene is is Is still alive and well with like guys like these and a lumberjack shirts and this Let's talk them the socks and maybe maybe even still the odd fany pack Maybe we know what's in there now Yeah So anyways, thanks everybody That was fun reaction. I like watching this stuff. We love your suggestions keep sending them We like doing old videos We like doing newer videos and you know sending shout outs to our buddies and the people that You know really make this industry a lot of fun. So thanks for that and I'm glad you guys like this stuff Remember like share subscribe comment and ring the bell ring the bell get your mutant stuff I am mutant dot com dusty 20 bigron 20 save some money get your all in get your ice a surge and then you really should get on the gear Right Scott all the gear all the time here. Okay Remember to go off it. Yeah, you don't have to go off it ever just keep boarding different flavors stay on it forever Okay, remember it's just bodybuilding reacts