When people would ask me years ago at my gym, like, oh, would you want to go pro? And I'm like, well, I would love to go pro one day, maybe by the time I'm 30. And I had no idea. Five minutes later. I'm 29 now. So it's like, by the time I'm 30, I'm going to the Olympia. It's freaking crazy, man. It's an incredible feeling. And I'm already so excited for this Olympia prep, just getting going and really pushing towards that goal. I want top 10. Hey, everybody. Welcome to It's Just Body Building. Big Ron Parlo here. Of course with Dusty Handshot and the producer Scott McNalley. Remember to like, share, subscribe, comment, and bring the bell. Damn. Early best. Man, it hits. Yeah. Yeah, we're a couple hours ahead of schedule today because somebody likes to get up early. And it's not early where we live. Yes. I'm in the early. It's really where I live. There you go. Everything's probably good to me. That's how I see the world. Actually appreciate you. Sacrificent some sleep. No, it's all good. It's good. I should be up. Jordan Hutchinson, 2025 Dallas Pro Champion with a new ticket punch to the Olympia. How are you doing, my friend? I'm really good, man. I'm on cloud nine. It's finally actually set in because after Tampa, I was just locked back in for Texas. So now the two wins have kind of Yeah, yeah. Yeah, really. It gets back to second win for me. Yeah. I'm stuck on the latest news. A week ago, that's like, yeah, your other show means that's holding news. Yeah, I was still holding. I was forgotten. But that's the bodybuilding world. Is it that no one remembers? Your last show. Your only as good as your last show, Jordan. No, it's good to win them all like you do. So you're always good. Yeah, two weeks in the news in the row. I'm good with that. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Right. Good. What's so the most important question that is, um, who's your barber? Oh, yeah. You know, I've got a, I've got a great barber out here in Dallas. His name's his name's Sai and I have everybody out. You're asking. I'm like, maybe I shouldn't start giving this way. Because then I'm not going to have appointments. Right. I get to play this. So this is charging more. You know, yeah, he's the man, bro. He's the man. Okay. That is a tight haircut. I thank you. I think that use strategically major head look a certain shape to accentuate the physical. Like it matches. You got like a matching head body going on, which not everybody's got or gets good. But you mean I would like a slightly smaller head? I'm a really big head. So on Instagram, people take I mean they're shorter or smaller than I am. Then they see me in person. Because you see like Michael Krizzo, you know, it's massive because of his tiny head. Yeah. So if you have a better head to body ratio, you look better on Instagram. Yes. Yes. And so yeah, just tell us how you feel. And like you go into Tampa. I mean we were terrible at show coverage. So we're not the place people go for the show coverage. But we were all seeing your pictures that you were posting. And we're like, oh, this is like this guy's really dangerous. And then coming into Tampa, I mean, what were you thinking going into Tampa? Like were you thinking I could win this? So were you looking at the line up? And you know, I mean, you know, a line up by acuibus supposed to be there too. He never showed up. And like he's obviously a threat of these in shape. And what were you thinking just looking at the names? I mean, honestly, I was very confident going into the show because I knew the kind of improvements I made since last year. I think. So I did Tampa last year with Delaro said Mofuda. And I got third. And that wasn't my best look. And then I did Texas Pro after that show and came in a lot of tighter and taller men and told me, how'd you come in like this? You would have had a much you would have had a really good shot. When you'd been in Tampa last week, which Delaro was the one last year. And a lot of people had Delaro as their pick to win because of his track record. Yeah. And he just did not, you know, he just didn't have quite the look to, you know, I think he got six, maybe fifth, Tampa. But we didn't know what he looked like. He wasn't posting updates. Right. So that was a wild card, you know, to see Juliet was he was going to be in there. I didn't know how I'd match up against him. Top 11 Olympian, you know. So like seeing five Olympians in a Tampa line up, I'm like, this is going to be tough. But to be honest, I'm not one of those guys that ahead of time gets cockier air get on social media and says I'm going to win it all. But in my head, I had a gut feeling I could win that show. I really did feel strongly I was going to win based on my conditioning with aesthetics, balance, size. I think I figured I had the overall best package. But you never know unless you stand next to them, right? Well, at least I covered the arrogance for you. And what's telling people you were going to win? I appreciate that. As soon as he said it, I was like, well, I think that one's in the bag. That means a lot to me, man. Yeah, we actually held off on announcing it. Because so last year I did Chicago Pro first and it was the first time I'd ever been projected in anything where podcasts and people were talking about me before the show. Right. And not that it got in my head, but just it slowed down my prep because I like watching like y'all's podcasts. I like watching bodybuilding podcasts. And I didn't want to hear my name constantly because it's like, it slows it down to where all I can think about is, oh, wins the show going to be here. And then I, so I waited until the Monday before the show to even say I was going to do it. When we knew probably through East Out, we were going to do Tampa. Maybe four or five weeks out, honestly. Nice. I was in shape way ahead. So it just made sense to do it. Man, you're now what's glad you did it. Yeah, yeah. I'm definitely glad. Yeah. So what's what was going through your mind? You know, you're at the show. Obviously, Beastwood looked amazing in Tampa. Right. Like. And you know, very intimidating frame. And I mean, he's quite the site. People who don't know Quentin. Right. If my, oh my, not, I'm not telling the truth here. It's when you see Quentin walking around. It's kind of like, oh shit. Like there's not very many people that look like that. Right. So when they, when you realize it's top two you and Q, you know, what was, what were you guys, you know, I mean, he's obviously he's a great guy, but you know, what's going on with you guys, how how would that feel when you knew it was the top two of you? I mean, an incredible feeling I told Quentin, you know, after pre-judging and after finals, how much it was just the time of my life to be in a top two call out like that. Because I was going to top three call out with Delorosa and Mo last year. It just, it just wasn't the same having a top two knowing like you're setting that top two, yeah, battling it out and going through those rounds was amazing. It's funny because I actually went back stage after, you know, they do the cemetery rounds, right? And I noticed that the judges were hardly looking at me when I first stepped out and you'd, I got so nervous. I was like, I asked Chris, total of my coach backstage, I'm like, bro, did we even make first call out? Like, did I fade? Like, what did I look like? What was going on? Because Tyler wasn't even looking at me. And so I think they knew already that I was going to be in that first call out. They were kind of comparing other guys, right? But I'm like way on the end in bad lighting. And I went from that thinking like, dude, I have no idea they weren't looking at me too. I was in the top two call out with Quint. So I was on top of the world as of that moment. Just, that's what I love doing this for is those battles where you're in it and you know, you're one or two, you're neck and neck and getting to fight for it. So it was the most, most incredible feeling dude. No matter what, you did better than last year at this point. You know what I mean? No matter how did Chris fall. Yeah. What do you want to, we knew that you were planning to compete. We talked to Chris Andrew Barry, because we were trying to figure out like who's going to be in the show. We're getting pictures together and everything. And he was like, yeah, we're going to decide, you know, he's probably going to do it, but listen, just don't say anything. So we're all right, we're all right. We're all right. We're all right. We're all right. We're all right. We're all right. We're all right. We're all right. We're all right. We're all right. We're all right. We're all right. We're all right. Well, thank you. I appreciate about that. One of the things about that top two was when I think about it, you and Quentin were technically my two favorite types of physics, right, side by side, you know, and so that's what was so like striking about seeing you guys in the top two call out together, you know, and you know, because it's not often to get a guy over six foot that has, you know, that type of physique, right? So I and you know, so I was big fan of that, but then you have that like Dorian looking type of physique, which is obviously mind boggling. But the conditioning man, you know, you know, the the straighted glutes and the hardness through the hands and just the next level, like my friends were texting me going, this guy, that Jordan guy's hardest fucking nails, like everyone was just saying how hard you looked in the pictures and video and you know, how do you feel about the look you gave these two shows and affect it, you know, you're off to the Olympia now and you've got to go on that. Yeah, I mean, I mean, gosh, to even be compared to Dorian is a huge deal for me and I think that's like, how I got this physique was I was watching from the get training when I didn't even know much about training at all, I was watching Dorian, Branch, Johnny Jackson, you know, just super thick and dense. Yeah, I wanted that density that hard, grainy, striated muscle, you know, and I was just, I was, I've always wanted that so to be even compared that way is amazing to me. And so it is apples to oranges because Quentin is so he's so overpowering on stage and if he can put it together and get in crazy condition, I mean, and be like Samson size, nobody's beating him, absolutely nobody's beating him. So, you know, it was an honor to be on stage with him and to be able to beat him out with my strengths was an honor to, you know, a lot of people on the internet don't agree with it because they don't understand bodybuilding criteria, right, because like you have to have enough of each thing and it's not like I'm completely not aesthetic, it's just I'm not Quentin's aesthetics. There are levels to that game. Right. Yeah, you got playing. I'm the thick, thick white guy with conditioning, you know, I'll do what I can with what I got, but yeah, to be able to go to the Olympia man, that's a dream come true. I always used to say when people would ask me years ago at my gym, like, oh, would you want to go pro? And I'm like, well, I would love to go pro one day, maybe by the time I'm 30 and I had no idea. Five minutes later, I'm 29 now. So it's like, by the time I'm 30, I'm going to the Olympia, it's freaking crazy man. It's an incredible feeling and I'm already so excited for this Olympia prep just getting going and really pushing towards that goal. I want, I want top 10. I think that's a feasible goal, man, because people, the internet and social media kind of messes things up because you look so good, but everyone looks really good by themselves at that level. You know, so I feel like when you came out on stage and can stand the way you did against the group, like, had it been a watered-down show? You wouldn't have gotten the respect to where now, people who know body will go, this changed the Olympia a little bit. Yeah, they were like, what? The Olympia 26 guys. 26 guys that tell us. It was at Texas. Yeah, 26 guys crazy. And that's the other mind-blowing thing to me is it's like, I didn't win against a bunch of scrubs, like, no, yeah. I'm just, I'm just, you know, last year, I had a lot of people telling me after I lost Andrew Jack to Texas Pro. I was second at that show. I knew it wasn't beating Andrew, unless he came way off. And so, tons of people were like, bro, jump in and do the British Grand Prix or whatever the next show was that was in England. There's not that many guys showing up, just jumping. I'm like, I want to use this time to make sure I'm good enough to make a statement at the Olympia. I don't want to just barely graze a qualification Olympia. I want to be, I want to solidify myself and make a commanding presence on stage, which I believe I did when he two backed back. Cheryl is off my first pro win. Like, I made myself known. So, you know, that's what I wanted the most was my first pro win. I didn't want anybody to say, well, he went to the Olympia. Yeah, but maybe he should skip a year because he won a week line up show. You know, yeah, I want to go established. This Tampa Dallas sort of like period of the year has become like these two shows have, you know, how like back in the old days, it was the Olympia, the Arnold, the Iron Man, the Knight of Champions, right? And the things have changed now. And the Tampa Dallas back to back thing that happens every year is now these two shows are crazy. Yeah. So, last two US qualifiers. Yeah. It's going to be big no matter what. Yeah, you know, used to get a one or two good guys and kind of a week or show at these like what do I call them city, you know, the shows with the city in their name. Yeah. You know, you know, we just have a Chicago pro, there's just be San Fran pro, you know, they weren't the biggest shows. And but now it's, it's nuts. They've grown these two shows. And obviously the timing of them is is is very key for everyone going into them. And really brings a lot of all the muscle to the stage. And it was a, it would, I mean, help a show, help a pair of shows to win, man. Yeah, I actually, I didn't tell anybody this online, like I said, I don't, I'm not with those guys that like, I want to come off cockier, arrogant online on Instagram and say, oh, I'm winning this. I'm winning this show because I don't want to have to eat my words. And I'm for a fact like I don't know who's, I don't know who's showing up until the money before the show. I had no idea. Lionel Beck, he was going to show up on that list. And I told my wife, I was like, if Lionel Beck, he showed up like he did at the Olympia years ago and in the same or better shape, he's beating all of us. Right. That guy was like a genetic freak show. I was always a fan. Yeah. But he was a big question marking, obviously didn't even show. And his last showing was pretty bad. So, you know, I didn't, I don't project anything online. I don't know who's going to show up. But before the show, my close circle knew I was like, I want to repeat what Ian Valier did in 2021 when he won Tampa and Texas back to back. And I was like, can I know that's like that sounds like a really big expectation. But like that's what's in my head. That's what I'm going to the gym training for every day. And I made it happen, you know. So, well, I mean, look at Ian Valier, top 10 Olympia multiple times. Yeah. So, I mean, and I always was a huge fan of his physique. Yeah. So, like, I love the big like mask guys. And it's funny because when I went pro at USA's 2021, I was called more of the smaller shape guy. But like now I've gained 40 pounds and it's like, people are starting to say, like, he's more of a mass hard, you know, Dorian type look. I'm like, wait, I am really like I'm one of the mask guys now. You know, so it's it's kind of cool because I always loved the massive physiques, which I still want to more size, well, checking my waist like I still want to gain more. But it's like to be compared to those guys. It's so cool to me. Let me ask you. I wanted to jump in real quick with one is that so, so last year being just outside of that top two. And then this year, no being able to win, both of those shows, what was the feedback you had gotten last year that you had been working on to get where you're at now? And from here, what are the judges say? Because I'm sure that you talked to judges already and stuff. And what do they want to see coming into the Olympia? Because we can always improve, you know? Yeah, absolutely. So, I talked to Tyler Manning last year and the feedback was, I need more back, I need more arms. And thankfully, I love how Tyler, every show he judges, he gives those feedback videos. And he goes around the whole round post or post, what he liked, what he didn't like, who won what post, who lost what post and why. And he threw the whole video, he kept saying over and over that, you know, I made the improvements that they wanted to see, they wanted to see more back, they wanted to see more arms. And I did that, but I still need more. So, I'm truly, my back is where I'm missing back and arms is just, it's happening. It's just you obviously can't just slap it all right there, you know, in no matter of six months. So, it's a working progress. And I'm getting really good at it. Honestly, I'm training with Justin Abbott, if you guys are familiar with him. Oh yeah. I don't know. He's got this freakish back bro, like, striated from his hip to the top of his and he never used to have a good back. And so, I'm like, this guy learned how to build a crazy back and he's taught me a lot. And, you know, I believe in being coachable no matter what level you're at. And not, oh, well, you're placing behind me. You clearly don't know what I know. Like, I hate it when people are like that. I love getting criticism and feedback and like, oh, you can train better in this way. You can move this better this way. And learning better training I do. So, my back is going to keep coming up. But that's the main focus for the Olympias. My back, my arms, and then major core control and keeping the ways really tight. So, what have you done to improve your back and arms over the last year? I mean, I can't skip over that. There's people at home, right? Yeah, what do you do? Well, a lot more volume, I will say for especially back, a train back, twice a week now and have been for a while, but we increase volume even more. And I just, I kind of pulled back on my leg volume because my legs grow. If I just, I swear I could do one says squats per week and they grow. But like, I just had to pull back for my recovery budget from like chest and legs. I hardly touch my chest. It's like three or four movements once a week. And then, you know, I'll do some shoulder stuff that involves chest. But then what I, what I started not being afraid of was doing heavier like compound movements that may recruit my chest while trying to trade my triceps. Like we've been doing this guilty and press twice a week on the Smith machine. Oh, I had my pressing strength, bro. I've never had such good pressing strength at the end of prep. I'm like, what is going on? I always lose pressing strength. And so, it helped my arms a ton, helped my upper body fullness stay. And then really, really nailing my lats. So like, not being afraid to just stick to a cable high row for three hard sets to start and cable pullovers. And then a single arm cable lot row. And then do some heavier movements. But not just going barbell row, dumbbell rows, all those kind of things that just like, at this stage, I can't detail my back with those big heavy movements that I did when I started out, you know what I mean? Like the way I have to train now, cast to evolve from what it was when I was lower 200s, like around 200, 220, right? Where I'm like off season almost 300, like my back has to be detailed. So that's a lot of what we changed. And more arm volume as well. We're arm volume overall. Okay. So does Chris, Chris Tuddle does he help with that programming? Or is it more like you and Justin are on that? And Chris is working with you from the diet perspective or just wondering how all those pieces fit together? It's a cool hybrid. So Chris trusts me with my judgment on picking movements. Will kind of decide on something that makes sense, but he'll never, he will never pick my movements or necessarily sets it reps. Like he give me an idea of, you know, he'll ask me how much volume are you doing for this? Okay. Let's add a couple sets here. Like, try to increase your volume here. Let's talk about it. And we kind of come to an agreement, but me and Justin run our training. So we pick the movements if there's something that needs to be swapped out. We swap it out. If we feel like, and then there's sometimes where we train instinctively. It's like, bro, this is feeling so good. Like, let's run a fourth set. Like, this feels really, really good. So I think it's just a hybrid of everything. Chris has given me a lot of stuff to do for my core control. He just sent me an email yesterday about that. If you looked at my Tampa look versus my Texas look, my waist is actually way tighter and my av and thigh got way way, way better. It was just a week of like absolutely hammering, working on cinching in my waist, cinching in my core, being conscious of it. So there's a lot of stuff like that. Chris will do with me. But Chris is a little less hands on on my training itself. Right on. So yeah. What about peaking twice in a row, like that? I mean, a lot of people think that that's very, very difficult to do. I think I think that it's not that complicated. People overcomplicate the two shows in a row thing. But tell us what your strategy was. So the thing is, is you have to like Chris follows data. And yes, he follows my pictures. And it like there were only a few days there where we were away from each other. It was like Sunday travel back. And then by Thursday morning, he was at my house, because we're 30 minutes away from the venue, stay the night. And then we were out of hotel right by the venue. So he had his eyes on me the whole time. But he's also very specific about data, weight, how my body is accepting water intake and stuff like that, sodium intake. So the peaks were super different. And my body surprised us a lot. We were keeping water high and I kept getting dryer. And then we kept adding food and I kept getting dryer. And it was like, we were waiting for my weight to spike and it didn't. You know, it's like, it's always different. But for whatever reason, Chris, he is so good at peaking. He is just so good at peaking. So I have no stress at all, because I have absolutely zero thought in my mind of like, okay, what if Chris misses a mark? Because two years in a row, we've been better at Texas than we were at Tampa. And we both times had to follow my body a different direction than the prior peak. Because you know, you kind of deplete after the carbup on the first show, you got to get that back down to a flat dry spot. So you can fill back up. And then it's like the body's going to do what the body's going to do. It's not going to be the same every single time. So you know, one thing we did want to do was try to push the dryness because Tampa at finals, I was straight first on the judging, but at pre-judging, I only beat Quentin by one point. So, but we came back harder because I restricted water for finals and I was drier and they like that look better. So we're like, well, let's push the dryness and hardness even more because I'm one of those guys. I could be like 90% full and I may look bigger just because I'm that much harder. And if I'm like blasting full. So we made that call and then Texas, we we dried it out a little more and I was actually a good four four five pounds lighter, I think. That Texas. Okay. Surprise. What did you actually weigh? The morning of I was 257 and the morning of Tampa, I think I was 261. But by the time I was on stage, Texas, I was probably about 259 to maybe close to 269. Tampa by stage, time I was 264. So I was a good four five pounds tighter and drier, not quite as full, but my Texas look was way better. And you were not in day in Texas, which is a funny thing to say as good as you were in Tampa. But like you were saying earlier, I was laughing because I was watching the pictures and then going into the comments and with no due respect, the amount of guys who don't know bodybuilding that comment drive me crazy. I know. It was funny because we'll Chris actually responded to one and I thought it was so funny because the guy was like, be smoked all the way and this was in Dallas and Chris respond to he goes, he goes, I love you, but he was better last week and in work or he was better last week and in work better this weekend. Yeah, I have to admit he was better in Tampa. I don't know what, you know, I don't. It's like you said Ron sometimes for some people, it's hard to peek two weeks in a row and for some people, it's not. It's like it sometimes just depends on the physique and how much that rebound affects you. Well, also I don't know. What did you do right after the show? You don't know what I mean? Right. And I'm not, you know, guessing what he did, maybe he was right on, but I always think back to when Rodin won his first Olympia, they were competing like two weeks later and I asked Chris, I said, I saw Chris the next day and I said, what did Rodin like do to celebrate after the show? He goes, I got one text. Can I have one brand muffin? He's like, that's just one. Have one and he goes, that was the only thing he ate after the show. He's got a show with it. No, he really did. Yeah, he had a brand muffin after winning in Olympia and then there's like back on because he's like, that's awesome. I don't want to win Olympia and then lose the next show. Oh, for sure. Yeah. It's not a good luck. Chris is very like a small ground free show or lose a small ground free show to celebrate right after you and the O. I mean, you don't know how bad your body's going to rebound, especially when you have already carved up, you've already restricted water, maybe a diuretic or something. And then next day you fly and then hopefully you get all your water in that day, you're probably not getting enough movement in and it's like by Monday you're a water buffalo. So it's like you just can't do that. So the last two years at Tampa after Tampa, both times we just we did go out but we just had a steak and he portioned literally Chris let me have a few fries. So like he let me have a New York strip the night after I won Tampa which we'd hardly hardly had an approaching all day. Right. We went really low protein to carve up. And so by that evening we went to Capitol Grill I got a New York strip and then I hand him my plate and he portions out fries because he's a new Trishness. He's like okay I can see how many carbs as our seven. Seven and a half fries. Yeah the other thing that's interesting that I thought about while you were talking is a factor for you that no one else had after a show is adrenaline. Like you're through the room for certain. Yeah there's that. We've all had that where you're like through the roof for a moment in the next day you feel like you're hit by a bus because it drops. 100% yeah can't sleep. Yeah it's your body has to react to that somehow as well it's not a fun thing. What is going on here? I don't know I just thought that the improvements that you guys made in a week was mind boggling because like you said you were lighter but you looked bigger. I think you had just him just to random out of fries for the adrenaline. If you had got that eighth fry you'd have been fucked. There's no reason adrenaline fry ratio. It's got a doubt yeah I snuck I snuck an extra one I'm not gonna lie. Oh I. So you were the reason you weren't. Yeah I was like Chris went to the bathroom you'd be a fry. One more just one more. What about challenges during prep? I mean people see the victory and they see the improvements in the physique and you know it it's all good you know and sometimes the prep had a lot of stuff in it that was difficult that doesn't come out the other end and no one really hears about or cares about but we care. So did you have any any like what was the main challenge for you? Do you have any issues during the prep that you had to overcome that? So I mean I this is what's weird and I can talk about this the challenges in my off season. Yeah. Prep went so smooth bro like we're like what the hell is going on. To the point Chris is like did you get somewhat kind of like Hulk gamma radiation this breakfast. Understand you're not this is not none of this makes sense what's happening like we had my food really pretty low early on because usually my body requires that to really get rolling and then by the end of prep once I'm lean I'm almost always having more high days and like hardly doing cardio and my body's just flying through food at that point and and we just we just maintain training performance and stay lean because we usually get ready really early but it was like I was growing through this prep just like I did last year so prep was amazing I couldn't have had a better prep. There were really no challenges but I will tell you about my off season challenges which I I almost did not compete this year. My plan was to take the year off truly damn and so after after Texas pro last year I had decided to get gyna surgery. It wasn't bad a lot of people were like why are you even doing it like I can't hardly tell but I just wanted to take care of it because I don't want to have to blast a room in extra time. I don't want to have to worry about you know what if it gets worse later what if I'm on the Olympia stage one day and with TIEZ to can be regularly and then they yeah and then everybody sees it and all the just like this is a problem now. I'm going to get to get to take care because I had it since I was 12 so it already presented when I was I'm already prone to it. So I went I was going to get that Tinkiro but prior to that I had an 11 day trip with gas to Europe scheduled before the Olympia so that pushed out my off season then went to the Olympia with gas and up rising and then after that a couple weeks after that had surgery and basically the surgery went awesome everything was great and the doctor like wow this is incredible your results are so great five days later and he's like you can go back and train if you want like are you sure because if you tell me I can go train I'm going to go train there's no doubt about it. I'm not sure if you know what that is right and so he's like well just don't train chest don't do pull it. Exercise and I was like yeah yeah I don't think he get I don't think it's studded I don't think people understand that this size when I train legs I can probably get a pump in my chest right yes like the blood flow is just different so like I after training back and training legs I ended up with these massive saromas of fluid oh not hematomas but like that it's where the dead space tries to get filled with fluid because of like too much movement and I learned that through my research after the fact so after you had a doctor was great I will say the doctor was great you did an incredible job and he was literally like texting me checking on me all the time for months but dude I and he was in stat my lunch so bro I had to literally like I talked to Halingshead and a few other guys I had done and they had all drawn it out themselves and so like I went I went in I was just like drawing this stuff out on my own like every other day I love it I love it little surgery bro the 30 cc's I don't know my left side multiple times wow so all that said it's already extending my off season and hopefully that's not too gross of a story for your listeners but your hand that maybe you've drained something yourself we're gonna do good it's happened I'm with my own people here so I don't want to drive to the doctor every time no I don't get the basic assist cut out of my knee I'll just do that we'll see that was the other issue so what happened was that extended and then for five weeks I couldn't train so here we are in like almost December and I still haven't even started my off season stayed lean you know TRT and everything and this like I finally started training again and then I get the scar tissue that looks worse than it did before okay and you know it's kind of caused by the Ceroma like effect initially yeah so that's what I was told by a bunch of guys I like you got to get that out or it's gonna harden and then you're gonna have to get surgery again so I was trying to just wait it out like do all the protocols everybody's telling me to do I was trying to get a local surgeon to do like a cortisone shot on me and confined to anybody then I got pneumonia in the meantime why and that that kicked my ass for in January so bro this off season was like there's no way I'm gonna make progress on top of the fact I'm not stepping on stage with this and then all sudden everything just like turned around and I started after I had that pneumonia I started making stupid progress that I found a local guy a local surgeon that would do that willing to do the cortisone shot for me they melted in like a week it was just like gone so they just shot the scar tissue with cortisone and it just yeah it's called a canolog and everywhere I read on I'm a gyna surgery expert now because I obsessively did all my research and one hour conscious my $100 now are called your yeah yeah and they just did an interest scar canolog shot they like shot it a million times so million I mean it was like so many different places but within a week I was like what the hell this thing is just melting off wow and then now people comment on my stuff they're like bro you have nipple striations because you can see my creations through the nipple now and I'm like like you just run right through yeah yeah that's my nose that always wanted nipple striations it was nothing there but then muscle nothing there but skin and it's like it was it's a blessing because I was like I'm gonna have to redo this whole thing and scare here so all that said it was like there's no way I made progress and sure enough I was I was like 247 the morning of Texas per last year so at least 10 pounds but I was way way harder for Texas per this year when I woke up yeah we filled out a good few pounds for pre-judging but dude like I was skinned alive when I woke up like I'm gonna post the video from that morning on my on my Instagram soon but I've never seen my glutes like that my life so I mean I gained at least 10 pounds of over the course of last year to this year can't tell you why or how because I had at least six months of time completely wasted but maybe that gave me a body like a boost I don't know yeah maybe not the break you know yeah it's not the first time I've seen some like I've seen a few guys over the years where they have like no offseason because of something and then they you know kick into a prep and they're like smaller than normal and clean for seven months and all that stuff and they wind up with a better result and you're just like it's crazy I think it has something to do with like in fresh health yeah health and inflammation in your body receptor and the fact and the fact that like so tons of people would keep commenting to me after last year's shows they're like why are you still stagely and you've been like four months post show why are you still stagely but Chris is very particular about staying really really really before we push before we start growing and pushing food so like I stayed lean for I've never maintained that level of conditioning for that long so like the post show period where you're getting all your recovery and it's like yeah I mean dude all the way through the surgery all the way through to like like I don't know that I ever lost some level of glute lines all offseason so it was I believe strongly that you don't when you get to a certain level you do not have to get fat and bulk up and you know add a bunch of body weight that you have to pull back off to grow I agree with that I think that's a that's a young man's game you know young and experience not an age because like I said the same thing I when when young guys come to me for to grow I'm like well what will you eat in the amount that I need you to eat oh you right ground beef cool We're gonna do that you know what I mean and then with season guys I'm like I don't give a shit what you want Yeah, if you want to win you're gonna do this you know what I mean so yeah I love that you're echoing that because you essentially put on 10 pounds and like a two month offseason Yeah, yeah, that's what's weird. That's why Chris was he's the whole prep I don't know man you got some kind of like superhuman hope juice or something like that I don't know what's going on Christian of that I took full credit for that. He's like see I told you Yeah, this is what I think marketing is coaching very well. I would have survived Is his own idea Well, I you know it is what's cool is he doesn't He doesn't do anything dog maddically There's so many coaches that are just like this is the way it goes you use this this and this You die it like this on fish on vegetables you got to do this amount of cardio you got to do fastocardio like He's very much Followed the body is showing us and then we decide and so there's nothing he does that's a one size fits all Or from week to week everything changes. It's depending on what the body's doing so on top of that Chris through curveball at me and in the almost it going on six years I've been with him. He's never given me a dirty refeed and Like seven weeks out I get my high day plan and at the very bottom is like In and out double double one single one fry I was like Chris you're just messing with me bro This is not a joke That's a meat that's a cruel joke And we had in and out like maybe four times during the prep which is very new for me He always does clean like just more rice more carb refeeds but he's like Bro you're like 275 and really lean I think we need to try different things with you like let's just give this a shot And you know we just tried a lot of different things that that had to had to happen So nothing's really the same as prior prep so we just followed with the body told us it was doing and Even if it was weird and didn't make sense we just kept it rolling you know I think what's cool about you is I was talking about you this weekend with Nicky Nicky knows Jordan much longer than I do From when he essentially started and I told her about your years Little guy, you know the changes and she's like that doesn't surprise me and I said What do you mean because obviously his great genetics she goes now he he is lived bodybuilding since he started She's like this is what he does is what he's meant to do She's like I bet you he has been missed a meal in 10 years and I last I'm like probably not Well that means a lot to you that it really does because I've always I you know the thing I've always said Like I said told you guys you know people would ask me if I wanted to go pro one day and and I said you know Maybe by the time of 30 I've always said genetics will be the only thing that holds me back It will absolutely never be my discipline my consistency my work ethic like none of that It will have to be whether or not I have the genetics and I'll find out one day if I have enough or not But that's what I always told everybody for years We're talking back when dusty's talking about years ago when That was living in Asheville and nobody knew I was and I'd never done a national show you know I definitely I just love the process of bodybuilding bro like I love being in the trenches I love training hard that's why train with Justin Abbott he trains we were so intense He is intense. I've seen his stuff. We've had him on the show before do we have him out here guys or That would have been a lot of button gear no, but you've had him on BSG. Yeah, yeah Yeah, I love it man and I mean I can't I can't really say this myself because I feel like it's blasphemy being Coming from me, but a lot of people are saying that we Resimbled branch and Johnny Jackson with how we train That's cool, but yeah, but yeah, that a lot so that that means a lot to me because like You know branches become kind of a mentor of mine After moving here being with gas, but he even said to my wife because she works for gas now Before Tampa bro he's like Jordan's winning at least Tampa or Texas probably both because he saw my update She kept showing to my updates and so you know to have that kind of support Has been amazing but also to for me and Justin be compared to like the branch and Johnny Jackson kind of vibe That's really cool like Have you gone through any work with branch have you trained with him at all and if so I I think he's still pretty intense to this day Still trains hard make do he kicked my ass like what do you guys train Back well, so so the worry went to Europe. I did the iron world tour with gas glass here and that was that 11 day trip in Europe and then like I did two gas posing as we didn't afford them and everything but we Branch was there for the whole UK trip was like a four or five day tour through like London and we went over to James Hollings head to see him and so we trained with James and his training partner and branch We all trained chess together then we went to What was it called it's in Birmingham is it called ultra flex? There's an ultra flexor Okay, I feel terrible now if I'm blanking on if I'm not saying the right you guys go to the other No, okay Was it Birmingham so I thought because I know James goes there too, so okay, no we hadn't gone we hadn't gone there but it's Yeah, it was a back day was it Simon's Jim went to Simon Simon Simon. I was about to say Sorry Simon I feel so back because I really love Simon. He's awesome and he He took us out to like a Brazilian steakhouse, but so that day at Simon's Jim We trained back and do the speed that branch was training at it's just like thrown another plate Throw on another plate throw on another plate get your set like it's hard Over 45 minutes straight. It's cardio my heart rate probably didn't dip under You lost me past non stop dude. I ripped through food like It was crazy. That's awesome. It fitness ultimate fit. It was great right right it was great Jim But yeah that that session with branch was really awesome But he is that like get in get out you don't need to catch your breath between sets like you better Push it, you know It's a success before exactly dude. I was casting for air and he's and he's just rolling through bro Yeah, and you know he may not be perfect for him on everything But it's like he's just ripping it and then he's like are you're set? I'm like my gosh dude Like I can't even catch my breath from three sets ago I wanted to ask you while you're kind of in this area How much do you think Well two two parts one why did you decide to move to Texas and two how much do you think that move Is the reason that we see the Jordan we see now? Brother move to Texas changed my life to be honest so First off, you know, I've always wanted to move from North Carolina to a more bodybuilding centric area Red Yeah, exactly 100% 100% because so you know my peers my family there they're all very conservative Junto going on in You know Very traditional conservative Americans right so It's sad to see so much of Anyways, I won't get into all that we know I'm I'm I'm a backwards mountain mountain kid from Western North Carolina so there's a There's that background but Texas is incredible and I wanted to be I didn't want to be a big fish in a small pond I wanted to challenge myself and push myself because I started to realize I'm like okay I passed up like every Everybody here as far as like local bodybuilding goes I went pro and stayed in North Carolina And then I did my protein view in Texas in 2023 and two months later I moved here because I was like already on the fence about it Chris lived here I had visited him in January of 20 You know January of 2023 yeah before the Texas pro and then again in June and then came again for the Texas pro I was like I'm convinced and by the time my wife came with me for the Texas pro she was convinced The people here are so nice Everybody's so happy because why wouldn't you be live in Texas? And you have in and out so like What else does what you have you got you've got a gun shop on every corner like what what could you ask for more What am I doing here? This time for you to move Scott I think so yeah But on top of that so I you know after that Texas pro Hunter LeBrona kind of took me under is we need a little bit as far as like oh, you know helping me I'm working on with gas Man he's so cool we actually saw each other yesterday at the gas prevent and it was so good to catch up with them But he's helped me a lot He's already given me a tons of advice for my first Olympia, but it's just a community here like There's so many bodybuilders moving here too because the gyms are incredible All over Texas. I've been to multiple gyms within two hours range of this DFW area that just We'll blow your mind as far as you guys did one I Mutant on a mission the my carousthons gym and long view You remember that I'm sure of course Yeah, to Mike all the time shout out to Mike and he sends that's great. I teach her it's some stuff great guy But what a cool dude. He went that yeah, and he even was that he traveled up for Texas pro And he was DM and me like all excited and stuff and then He was at the gas prevent too so it's like brothers people like that everywhere here and it's such a cool community And so gas got me on it is like a more of an entry level athlete and I just wanted to immerse myself And I was like all right, I'm moving to Texas. I'm taking a chance There's a big risk. I have no safety net. I'm no longer the big fish and a small pond But I want to challenge myself and my whole life changed and that doesn't happen for everybody because you have to make it happen You can't just like say all right. I'm gonna move where there's more opportunity Yeah, then it just falls in your lap. Yeah, you have to move where there's opportunity and you've got to go and get it for yourself And so I've worked really hard on networking on my I edit all my own content. I have to play the Where a bunch of different hats from bodybuilder to coach to I would say influencer But working on my content to where I can monetize and Make good sales for the companies on with and stuff like that and you know I've really grown ever since I moved here to Texas And it was both within my brand as well as bodybuilding because gyms are just more equipped here and Then when you train at a gym like a destination now we've got me just in We've got alias McCall brand in barrow that guy Kennedy Colossus Ken. He just moved to the area We've got at any given moment. You may have five open pros in destination maybe more and tons of people visiting We got a bunch of two twelve pros at our gym every day Like it's just it's an incredible environment to train in and so how can you not grow and progress when you just submers yourself? You know How many do you use like Typically how many gyms do you kind of use well right now Um Occasionally I'll go to the Metro flex and Plano I've been I moved to Fort Worth originally and I loved it there, but we just moved over more towards Dallas to be by Destination Dallas gas headquarters right so but I've been to Metro flex Arlington You know That was really cool I got trained by A couple times Yeah, it's a place dude and and and Brian dobson put us through He would done at least two workouts. I think we grind dobson Just Crazy to be in that environment see Ronnie walking in one night when we were down there Then Metro flex and Fort Worth The castle all over gyms are around here. Yeah, it's so cool and then so when I first moved here I started going to absolutely recomp and I love the equipment I love the owners and I love what they're trying to do But it definitely attracts a lot influencers so I can only take so much Because I can only kick over so many tripods before I get tired of kicking so I just It it has incredible equipment though so they I actually talk to the owner yesterday and they're building two new Locations and I may pop in there for like if I need certain back equipment or this or that because they're gonna help us out with With memberships and stuff but but I just it's the environments here in Texas that are the best part So I love to get down to Metro flex plano if I need a quieter day where there's not as many people I know And we'll get you know like okay. I won't get stopped here Right, yeah, and that but destination is like our family at this point bro like I walk in and it's like my Texas families all there to train So that's that's mainly the two gyms. I go to just just a couple of hours of right now But what when am I clients saw you getting ready for the show this past week App delusion and he said His name is Matt. I don't know if he said hi. He said you guys were training. He's like I did what a bother him But he said after that there was like 24 of the 26 open pros We're like all there at the same time. It blew his mind really how many how many people were there at once Well, maybe not of the open pros. I don't know if I saw that or maybe he was talking about yes. It was it yesterday I'm not sure I don't know what okay, but yeah, I mean it's definitely a hot spot right so We have people coming in and out of there traveling from all over the world all the time Right to train and to experience the family that's gas like Gasp is really what what Michael Johansson has done for gasp is truly amazing With bringing so many people together all over the world. Yeah, I mean there's people from there with people all from all over the world this past week At destination for the show and everything traveled in so it's really cool, man. It's it really helped me level up being here in time They're incredibly that's so cool like every time I've been to Texas I mean I don't know how many times I've been to Michael's house for yeah Like yeah, he'll invite he had a party there last night. Yeah, we always have we already has the breakfast and barbells in the morning and a big Q&A A big event there and they invite everybody back to his house again I went and had a date night with my wife finally for the last like six months, but She's her ditch Yeah last time of his ever go to see cracked open the gun safe for me He will do that every time he loves He's very proud of that My favorite he's he's Swedish so now that he's in Texas. He's got a show office. He's not Swedish anymore He's as American as you would he's got a big flag in a back of his truck I was standing at the kitchen table with him and I said I said man Because he cracked a safe and showed me all the crazy shit in the safe right and we're like take good stuff out And I was looking at everything and then you know the clothes of safe we go over to the kitchen table or stand there talking and I go So like if someone breaks into your house You know if you got to defend yourself. I'm sure you gots and he just reaches under the kitchen table and just takes a gun and puts on top And he goes there's a magnet underneath He's got one under the kitchen table on a magnet just my man Just there all the time so like he didn't even move he just reaches under and goes to there you go There's a few around the house Oh, you're so American now Yeah, that's like my grandpa sit so on his couch Reach in the couch because oh, there's a revolver You got to have it based on which which place you're sitting on the couch Yeah, one in the laundry room right Everyone needs a shower gun Yeah You know what a road across the house naked just grab it right there. Scott's thinking fuck. I don't have a shower gun I don't have a shower gun. That's true. I don't I don't do there Victoria might draw the line at a shower gun. Scott is there already live it So I got some questions about because you know most of our listeners aren't Jordan Hutchinson level right and there's anyone else on this part right now So you're the only person involved that's Jordan Hutchinson level So I wanted to ask like can you go back to when you're like a 23-year-old bodybuilder and and and what you were doing like what was your mental look? I mean obviously dusty told us what Nikki said about you Back in those days, but what what were you like what were you doing? Were you working three jobs Were you going to school like just kind of put us tell us where you were at that point Yeah, so early 20s I was I was in Community College and I was working at a hotel Dusty's familiar with the bill more estate yeah and I was working at a So you four four star hotel on property of the ridiculous massive massive eight thousand acre property and You know driving cool cars and and working there for tips just for tips now the tips were really good They were good there cuz you got high rollers over there that travel from all the rule over the world So there's decent paying job, but I was paying cash through college because You know financial aid said my parents made too much money, but I I've paid you know I am one of five siblings so like you know it's hard to support five kids So I've I've worked since I was 14 and I've worked my parents taught me how to work for everything I have they couldn't provide Everything you know beyond me living with them like they couldn't help me with my college They couldn't help me with my car they couldn't help me like I'm self I am self made but I'm self made because my parents taught me How to be self made because I don't take any credit away from them as far as like being able to help out with certain things like But the fact of the matter is like they taught me how to do that So I'd weigh rather than have done that and Maybe had a lot of kids and not been able to provide college and stuff like that then for me to give Be spoon fed because otherwise I wouldn't be here. Yeah, so I learned how to work my ass off and I was in school Pay him cash through school because I didn't want to be in debt And working to job and bodybuilding and there was a point where I'm falling asleep in all my classes I was on the Dean's list every semester. I'd be straight a is I was very good in school But I didn't know what I wanted to do. I was either going to be an accountant or an engineer or something to do with math because I was just a math brain And but I couldn't even stay awake because I was sacrificing sleep Because I wasn't sacrificing meal prep. I wasn't sacrificing my training and I wasn't sacrificing my job or my school because I need money and I need to finish my degree And I just I was even close to getting associate's degree. I was like, you know what? I don't know that I'm ever going to really use this. I'm just spinning all my money on this I'm not going to get loans out I'm going to try to go all in on bodybuilding just making money however I can and I made that decision and a lot of people thought I was dumb for it at the time and I just kept pursuing it and so I did my first NPC show in 2017 Prior to that was the Carolina Supernatural's like S&BF Nattie showed 2015 and then one of the novice overall then 2018. I did another show And I it was my second NPC show and I won the heavyweight class that took three whole years off What did you weigh back then for like that novice show the The novice show I actually think I weighed like 205 and I looked about eight weeks out Okay, I think it's important that we hear that you know and I mean yeah, yeah I was literally sneaking in extra cardio from my coach that was out the gym He would yell at me because he's like why are you still in the stairs? I'm like I need to be leaner like I don't know what you want me to do I look like way too far out So that just wasn't a good prep look I just I needed to be way leaner clearly The next prep I got peeled and I was like 195 was the first time I've ever really been peeled And so then I took three years off to try to pursue more size and You know that's when I was I was just working in bodybuilding working in bodybuilding I got a really good sales job in the meantime That made the most money that I'd ever made and so I could really invest in bodybuilding That's why I tell a lot of guys like Don't try to be a bodybuilder like really invest in bodybuilding unless you can budget it like budget what you can But it's an expensive sport so like you have to try to find a way to get a good job or you can hustle like I was a hundred percent Commission job and I hustled my ass off to make as much money as I could and pursue bodybuilding and Went all in and then in January of 2020 I met Chris Tuddle or I I actually begged him to coach me like three separate times and he wouldn't take me Because I food my prior coach was and I won't say who that was But he he said yes and then he'll tell last week Well So he a year and a half later he We won USA overall yeah, and I will say in 2020 when I started with Chris You would have said this guy looks more like a power lifter like I don't think this guy could go pro So it's the changes we made were pretty drastic and I just grind it man like I didn't do anything special But I made sure I paid my rent. I made sure I had enough money for bodybuilding I worked my tail off to learn how to make money in the commission job and in kill it so that I could Invest more into bodybuilding and still live comfortably and it it all worked out man It definitely took a lot a lot of work So how much did this segment because The amount of guys that want to do this backwards like you said yeah, it drives me crazy I'm like yeah, they do this without money you cannot right You know, so the fact that you pointed that out I hope guys that are watching that want to be in your shoes Remember you made that decision before anyone thought you could be a pro Right, yeah, yeah, and it's like guys don't budget prior they just like They start realizing how expensive it is for underground's approaching today and You know all the stuff they have to buy Supplement wise super supplies like and then and they're like oh crap I don't have enough money for this. I'm gonna have to take some time off Sorry coach. I'm gonna leave you because I you know I don't have the money to keep doing this like you gotta get your ducks in row To be it especially to start a prep but like you know people just want to jump in and it's like just keep it to training and eating Until you can really invest in actually being a competitive bodybuilder because it's never gonna be cheap So from that that 195 in good shape what did in then you took the three years off and you came back What kind of difference was there on the scale in that time? Oh huge difference 30 pounds So I was I was top of the heavy weights. I think that morning. I weighed 223 the morning of USA's So it was almost 30 pounds 28 miles in three years It's funny how they have averaged that though I think it's weird that I've seen your pictures for so long the jump from That to USA's was obviously enormous But the jump from the USA's to now is bigger Like it's different Which doesn't even make sense yeah, that's you were already I mean you were great at the USA's you won that show Handily like these guys turn pro and then they kind of improve yeah like yeah From there to now is is two different people just like that jump was you know what I mean? Well, it's funny what I was gonna say is I've averaged just 10 pounds per year every single year so because you know I may have My conditioning was way better. I believe at Texas than it was even at USA's or Last year so it's like hard to know exactly how much muscle it is But considering I was about 223 there I was 264 at Tampa You know that's 35 40 pounds in four years So it's like pretty much general average. I'm gaining 10 pounds of muscle per year over the last Seven years Yes, you know 70 70 pounds of muscle over the last seven years So it's just like just doing the same thing over and over and over and over consistently and not backtracking and not kidding Injured that's the biggest thing that me and Chris focus on like I'm not one of those You know, I don't care if my training partner Not that they would but I don't care if they want to call me a pussy and and if I don't want to do a certain thing Something feels tweaked or something feels wrong like It's just it's like you've got to go for You've got to go for training another day like if something feels tweaked you can't use your ego just so I'm just gonna push through it Like as you're we're all one injury away from Enduring our bodybuilding career forever and it's over yeah, or you waste a whole year Because you're gonna have to recover from something so I haven't had any pet tweaks like we all do but I haven't had yet I got you But no major injury so that's helped me really to progress steadily What's your you know like Day to day situation like what do you do to take your mind Out of bodybuilding for five ten sixty minutes a day You know what's your your average schedule for a day Like what's what's Jordan Hutchinson doing that yeah, you know people don't know Well, so I'm big on my faith man. I really am and that's something I project and I'm very outward about it God has blessed me with a lot of things in my life and so that's what's grounds me spiritually I start my day Every single day with a walk with my dog and I listen to like a Bible devotional or The Bible being read or whatever or you know I start my day with prayer like something on proud of it's not something I hide it and it's something that I like to be outward about and of course I have an incredible wife that keeps me grounded I think her and I have something very rare Where she hasn't competed yet But she lives the lifestyle and we've pretty much had a coach for her at all times Ever since we had been together at least been married So it's like You know, okay, it's ten thirty it's time for meal two and we're both getting our meal together, you know So like we live the same life so we go to the gym at the same time She helps me with everything At this point I'm more than blessed enough to it wasn't like this for years her and I both had to hustle our asses off To you know make sure we had the money we needed to live comfortably. It was not like it is now but now she's able to stay home mostly she works for gas Our athlete manager a little bit but only like one to three days a week and then for the most part she's home and we have our animals and They may stress me the hell out, but they they're amazing at the same time they We love them to death and I got a dog to cats and She stays home I coach I have sponsors that are absolutely incredible that helped me out financially You know I'm on a very rigid bodybuilding schedule. I eat at the same time we go to sleep at the same time I wake up at the same time. I do my walks at the same time I get my same steps in every day. I am somewhat a robot But I also spend a lot of time on social media and editing and stuff like that and Making sure I'm not paying tons and tons of money out for editors and stuff. I like to do things on my own So that's kind of me that's like my day and then you know in the off season me and my wife love to have our date nights on Sunday Where we go pick out on something or order McDonald's and sit on the couch and be fat asses, you know So let's cool have we're we're pretty rounded and you know We're both home bodies so it works out She's never been a party or I've never been a party or we like to stay home and Act like we're 60-year-old people 10 30 every night. That's why it's funny when when we've done we've done seeing I were talking about the time for the podcast he thought I was saying like 11 30 PM or something like that Good you know Yeah, I was like bro you have no idea 60 years old or like I'm in bed by 10 Have a wire wolf beard Yeah, you didn't this so you you were asking about my haircut to like change my dude This is totally for my face shape. I have a squat in your baby face so this is just like I mean I like your 24-year-old I hate to be beard but if I shaved it I definitely look way younger and it looks it just doesn't look right So this is too long-gave my head Every time I shave because it started to go this way a little bit right I'm gonna lie every time I shave my beard I get a lot of people tell me oh you look 10 years younger which makes me feel great But then my wife gets upset because I shave my beard so my wife's never seen my face She's never seen my face before She doesn't want to she's like you better never say that they don't really see what it looks like Instantly fall out of love with you Love you again in your weeks Yeah, bodybuilding world is full of so many kind of wacky interesting people and One of the questions we we ask people is what's some like the weirdest DMs you've gotten oh Fans oh my gosh Fans that want one more than being a fan You know perposing trucks from Tampa You get those bro. I you know, I don't even want to go into some of that I've had one guy one guy that said I will pay for your flight and pay you to come out here and beat me up on video Wow beat beat the piss out of me on video and then I want you to I want to video it I'm like look I'm a professional like I don't know why you people email me I don't know how you get my email But I'm like please screw off because I don't I don't even like entertain any of that stuff but and Because it's like yeah, I'm like I'm gonna pay you yeah, I'm retired now. I'm in I'm in Because it's like you think about Like I've had the emails with the posing trunks and then it's like but if there's levels to it Oh, yeah, it's like posing trunks this much money Posing trunks plus you do this this much money plus Posing trust plus you do this in person then this video it in person that that I'm like you're you guys are discussing and there's just one guy And I noticed the little signature at the bottom It was this dude that I already had restricted on its room. They was he wasn't blocked But nobody couldn't see his comments because they were freaking weird some talking about You're a muscle bull or something like that And so I was like annoyed with this guy like hashtag breeding bull I'm like what the hell is this and so I like I noticed a username matched his email and I was like this guy just sent me this This offer list of all this And I immediately Broughts Literally he would hashtag that on every comment every comment No, he would say he would put that in hashtag myostatin bull I'm getting you a t-shirt at the Olympia Flat the sticker on his bat breeding bull Please don't let that come by Oh my gosh Dude it's just a piece here we're We're ready to ruin the show by the end here we are Yeah, it was gonna fall apart at some point. Well, he did pretty well. You got pretty far gosh I'm sure this guy will watch this too. Oh, he's so hard still find some way to reach out. Thank you for mentioning him Well, I'm gonna arm it you know What crazy bro. What's crazy is I blocked him on Instagram and within like 20 minutes a blocking him I don't know how he knew he was blocked. He emailed me right after So he emailed me I noticed the username I went and I blocked him because I don't even want to deal with that. I don't want to admit and then he emailed me again Please can you unblock me? I'm like no, I'm like why did you send me this email? I don't want to see this I need like I'm my my It was literally my coaching business email. I'm like how did you get this? Yeah, for coaching or other or other Yeah, because I mean it's like yeah, it only starts as always starts as like I'm just a fan Yeah, can I just have your socks? Yeah, but then then what's next like what are you gonna ask for next and and you just can't go down that road bro? Yeah, I don't know if you can be out or you know that says your dog smells good You're like wait, why yeah, right? The stalkers don't open that door bro. I'm good. Yeah, that's classic So back so how many weeks do we have now until the Olympia? What are we yet now? What is this? We're off track inside nine weeks yeah Still, let's just like we're we're right on track That's the conversation I wanted to have I told you that's what we were talking about The whole thing What is the gameplay and then between now and then and I'm sure it's gonna Obviously evolve but like tentatively what do you guys think in? So I mean right now we're feeding up a little obviously food's a little bit higher than it was baseline diet prior to the show However, I was having a ton of higher days Towards the end because I was like almost stage ready like five would sell But um which Chris gets me ready early anyways, but we're just gonna hold conditioning This week is gonna be training at like 75% because I'm super dry like my last um my last workout on Thursday Everything was crackling and popping Like every joint was so dry like just doing a light weighting autoless press. I'm like I'm like okay, this this is not okay. I couldn't push anything right now so Stay injury free this week like 75% training you know I will say Ron you did ask about some struggles. I've had The only issue this prep has been a back issue and I spent I don't want to talk about how much money I've spent on tissue work trying to deal with this back issue Keep things from being able to extend the rastically like in my front double or my front Ox I cannot figure it out for the life of me so Been to a bunch of professionals but Basically we're gonna keep it like chess supported row movements for now Try to heal up my back You just get pain in your in your lower back or mid back. It's mid back on the left side like above Like you know you have your vectors down here you got your traps and rambles up here It's like right between their higher up like right under the Like in the rim mid back. Yeah like to the left of the spine and it I wonder if it has something to do with But I I'm all I have tight so as tight hips muscle and balance so it's like It's a number of things so we're just working on being injury free taking care of that so I can hit my front shots right and extend and Keep my waist tight and Then we're going to this week. He's keeping my food a little lower so I could have some food off plan I've had a broke up and all the crap that was in my freezer over the course of the last several months of my wife having Deserts and stuff and saving me some and stock how many stuff. Oh You got a stock pile postio stock pile. Yeah. I just had like some cheese cake from Easter and then like some cookies She's been accumulating from cookie dealers at the gym and all kinds of stuff so Just have a couple meals yeah Now so my wife is now famous for her being the local sourdough bread dealer She's known as like sheet so bro. I get when I get sourdough I legit get sourdough fresh from the ovens been out for like 30 hits and then cut it right open So that's amazing Yeah, so I'm sure I'll have some sourdough here soon and we're just gonna like feed up a little bit promote training performance Let the stress come off of my body and then We've got a plan to keep my core super super super tight over the next nine weeks And just drill my posing my posing got substantially better literally from Tampa to Texas Especially like my av and thigh my side tricep Jose Raymond and guys this for Nino Saw me a person and actually really helped me with my side tricep There's a lot of posing stuff we're doing you know obviously we nailed the conditioning So like I don't think I need to come in much sharper than Texas We know what we need to do there so it's just try my best to pack on a little bit to my back a little bit of fullness Stay in Dury free Keep things safe this week and refresh my body and then go back into it But to to be honest the way Chris preps me by the end of prep. I do not feel that bad like I sustain it for a long time like by training performance was great. I was setting PRs on legs like three weeks out so I mean it's granted higher rep PRs. I'm not doing anything stupid, but You know things go really well with the way Chris prepsing he really He really does things differently than the dogmatic approach that a lot of coaches do what's your cardio max out at 25 minutes five days week So now Chris does steps so okay He's more concerned about so that's the thing I don't do any fasty cardio As soon as I put fasty cardio in my training starts to suffer every single time And it's because it's high fatigue first thing in the morning I feel like it drives my quarters all up Where instead I go like clockwork I go for a 30 minute walk when my dog fasted every single morning But it's low fatigue probably 4,000 steps 3,4,000 steps start my day off that then I eat And so it's I believe strongly in steps some people want to make fun of it and say I'll just do your cardio But why would I go and do something that's super high fatigue when I get burned the same amount of calories with a lower fatigue Walking and then do moderate amount of cardio Just for general heart health and more calorie burn as long as my training's hard enough That's the other thing is some people just don't train hard enough and they need more cardio to supplement the fact that They're just kind of pushing around and wait in the gym because they're tired and on low calories Right and they don't want to push it what did that what's your step goal? Is it like 12,000 or 10,000 right now? It's 8,000 slower, but it got up to 11,000 nothing crazy It was you know, it's been higher when I was lighter, but it takes a lot more to move my body now So I think somebody some you know, there's a lot of people that they'll get like almost zero steps in a day You know how I mean Yeah, so for them, I mean obviously they have to do something but yeah Being active is a huge just part of our general expenditure and you know, they're supposed to on their feet all day and moving around and you know So that's all but that's all that's all this is for creating calorie deficits Yeah, yeah, so it's like you know, I've had clients before Where they're like oh, yeah, I move all day. I get 3,000 steps a day. I'm like I have that before 7 am what are you talking about right? So I've had clients that were like nurses and Like nurses get steps like some 18,000 Yeah, yeah, every single share It's like you don't need to be on it step or for an hour like no, no, yeah, I don't know Yeah, why'd some rapid fire stuff here for you What's your favorite supplement? You can only have one supplement in your regimen One yeah, yeah Legal for something Like our health supplements included, we talking like in your performance Well, you're trying to you're trying to grow if you're uh, let's say you're 25 year-old bodybuilder You only have one supplement Oh, gosh Besides protein I can't pick that yeah, I can't pick protein. Yeah. I guess crit you man Okay, we're we're seeing we're seeing a lot of positive benefits from higher dose in creatine I've even up my amount of creatine Because they've seen so much like cognitive benefits is globally, I mean, I don't see why you wouldn't take creatine You know, there's so many I'm I'm big on the lot of health supplements too So you know, fish will vitamin D to like I can't choose between like there's a few that are essential So choosing is part of this kidneys is cholesterol yeah, yeah, yeah Which put everybody you want to stay alive with but I really like how to be a sacrifice that kidneys Yeah, yeah, but I like how creatine has become a health supplement Yep, yeah, really yes It's so much Don't train who take creatine You know, it's the research now with all the brain shit, so Yeah, it's okay the gym because the brain definitely but but I mean it's so it's so beneficial It's just weird to me like I hear these people like I don't really want to take creatine I'm like why it's so zero reason yeah, it's cheap. It's effective There's nothing but positives. Yeah, so what's your favorite lift in the gym period? Gosh, that's really tough one probably an incline press Okay, I'm not a great I'm not a great presser so like an incline Smith. That's just my go to My purchase Your chest says you can bench 700 pounds Well, I have a I have a really developed chest and I think it's because of how I press Because I've never but I do have really long arms for my height. I will say that but How I press has always been very very efficient So I think that that's why I may press as a disadvantage to other guys They're using work try steps and excuse me try steps and shoulders right where they're stronger But they may not be stronger in their chest specifically Right, so yeah, I love a good sidebecks incline press bro That's probably my favorite one and guess what day it is That would be true today Monday Smith presses calling my name in this problem in someone's on it and I probably gonna have to wait on it But yeah, I will wait an hour for that sidebecks Smith Depends if there's a tripod involved Is it still international chest a oh, yeah, I always take part. I don't want to break the tradition I broke the tradition intentionally for years and then somehow I made my bail way back around to it It all comes to a little circle. Yeah, yeah, why did I do that now everybody's doing chest on the same day two more quick ones Pump up song Big-up song right now It's It's orbit cultures this metal bank. It's a song called Hydra if you guys are in the metal or you mean you guys in the metal Sure, I'm in my house. Absolutely is okay. Listen to that song orbit culture Hydra I had so I introduced the guys at destination to this band and now it's like it's they play it They played it my whole prep No, yes, today I was at the gym for the event and that song came on and I'm like bro I want to go train so bad but so for the afternoon I should probably take it easy and I'm like I just want to go squat Is it like new super super hardcore metal or like it's not I don't like bro when it when these These metal bands get like super dark like death metal and there's sound like pigs like Thank you right Like some demonic crap. I'm good like but these guys they have a good blend. It's heavy It's heavy for many people, but it's like not over the top because I'm like an old school panterra guy It may be a little much from You know, it's like like a god you like this. Okay, okay. I got I got a cute up It's cute up on my phone. Okay last one. You're the last one you go to the Olympia And you got you got a dream vacation lined up afterwards I better do I better line that up with my wife. What's this podcast? No, no wife watch us here good no no no no Except Nikki Nikki at least not this at least is not as far in yeah, yeah, right what what's a dream vacation for you in the life I think Hawaii and we keep talking about it. We've never been Hawaii I would love to go there some all inclusive place and just be like Nobody building for two weeks like I've already talked to branch about that he after the Olympia He used to go up hunting somewhere where he didn't touch and touch away Eight whatever he want for two weeks and just like chilled That's what I want to do. I would love to just say screw it. We're going to Hawaii all inclusive resort We're going to lay around do whatever we want you whatever we want not measure a single ounce chicken Just maybe not even each chicken yeah, there you go maybe yeah, maybe I'll just I'll just eat all the fish and all the sushi and get more of mercury Boising and then I'm perfect my favorite vacation thing I've ever done was a helicopter tour of Oahu Oh wow with the world you can tell you can ask me door off So I had the door off so you're sitting I mean I'm good on that You got to have the door off man you feel like you're in a Huey flying into a hot zone that's crazy Me and my wife are both like horribly afraid of heights, but I mean maybe if you're riding in the in the helicopter Maybe it wouldn't be that bad. It just don't probably yeah. That's awesome man So thank you very much Jordan You're very generous with your time he gave us 90 minutes. That's what I was told I keep a tie he's got a train no keep a tie. Oh, that's it. I literally wolfed to meal down right before this podcast So you're not shrinking you're not shrink. Oh Good. Okay good luck at the Olympian man like I'm really happy to see your physique going there and doing what it's doing and I think you're Especially being so young like you are I think the future of body building is in very good hands With guys like you and physiques like you coming in and winning these shows and we're we're excited for it and we're You know just happy to see good people doing well. So thanks especially a little bit of the show the fact you already knew you know Crazy Awesome, I really appreciate you guys and y'all have in me on and all the kind words that means a lot to me We're grateful to have a chance to talk to you especially now man. This is like an incredible timing right after the Shows are we your first interview. Yeah, you guys are the first one. I got Dennis James tomorrow, but you guys beat him to it See we're terrible at being quick at stuff. Yeah, yeah, this is a lot We're trying though. We're trying okay. Thanks Jordan Hutchinson Two-time winner of pro shows this year Tampa and Dallas off to the Olympia good luck out of YouTube check out Yeah, of course time of being a person more follow-up on the ram Follow-up on the ram okay good luck man. We appreciate you guys so much remember everybody like share subscribe comment and Bring them now and remember I am mutant calm go to I am mutant calm get your ice of surge get your all in and Everyone should get on the gear and of course the new big greens get the big greens in you So you live to your 100 and your healthy and you don't lose any You know good functions. There we go things Green things that's the that's a tagline for that product greens do things Okay, thanks man. Remember thank you so much. It's just body building