all it's all good come all it's great to have you on the show welcome to it's just body building you know we've had we've had some champions on and it's good to add another incredible limpia champion to our list of guests and we know we're very honored to have you give us an hour of your time man so much appreciated you know thanks for having me anyway so yeah we we're just gonna maybe highlight few things yeah I'm happy to be with you guys yeah and I just got to remind everybody to like share subscribe comment and bring the bell there we go that's it we need those youtube hits and clicks you know first of all come all congratulations on another amazing year you're one of those guys it does the open you do the two twelve Olympia you're in there mixing it up you're not afraid of anybody you're an amazing competitor what what do you think of your year how do you look back on it right now I like what I said I'm really really happy I mean I was disappointing a few like you know placing or whatever so I thought in some of the shows I could have placed a bit higher but that is not just me everybody's like seeing clearly what happened but in general to be honest I was really really happy with the but every year what we bring in this year and every every year like the same Kamal is getting old I don't think he's going to be this he's going to be that and I come every year I'll prove these people wrong and I've always done so I'm really really happy with what I've been doing I mean come on last five years doing the Olympia I mean all these five years I won the Olympia come second always top three I've never been out top three I mean what else do I need so I feel good with off your grace so it is is good but to be honest two twelve I don't think it's going to be for me anymore this year I struggled a lot I struggled a lot to get back to do twelve especially at the Olympia so it's no no right what I called Chris last week asito and I told him you were going to be on the show and he said make sure you ask him about how we hooked up and how we got working together so that's here the story of how you got with Chris and you know sort of what you think Chris and you why you work so well together because you've obviously stayed with him for a while and you have a good teamwork thing going on there yeah I mean with Chris to be honest it's because when I was in Qatar everybody like I was in UK and then I moved to Qatar I was competing for Qatar and like coaching their team and I was competing for them didn't represent in Qatar actually so I was coaching myself all these years when I was an amateur coaching myself just you know and then sometimes we stuck every now and then like a little bit hold up you kind of like lose weight anymore are you skinny a little bit thicker or like you know when I was in Qatar there was a guy called Jasim which is he's in actually Qatar he was actually with us at the Qatar he team and Chris I see it was he was visited Qatar in 1994 so he'd made a friend with my friend Jasim which is my training partner when we were when I was in Qatar and then like when we stuck with something he said you always say I'm gonna ask Chris I'm gonna ask Chris what is Chris so Chris was helping him for not 100% prep but but if he stuck if he needs any question or something and ask Chris so what I remember one year like my body is stuck there it doesn't want to go down and the show was like three weeks and I did everything I'm going zero card of dumdies of dumdies nothing could happen to me so my friend Jasim he asked Chris is he's my friend friend partner I don't know Chris he told him like my situation and he told him send me picture of him so yes I did send a picture sender to him and he told me reduce your protein a little bit it's not your protein which is I did reduce my protein a little bit and take like my chicken whatever my protein beef whatever and it is it does happen within two days my weight is up down my skin is going to make a little bit tighter and as I'm like yes that's what I wanted so I've learned from that it's not just the card of like that you need to drop even the protein you need to drop so and then times go, times go, do and compete and then when I went back to England so I had Chris aceto came with my god dressing and peace Sean wrote and for like a guess but for the good as seminar and as I'm going to see Chris so I want to see in that time I just did my amture I won the 2013 World Champion and then I had the problem when they banned me for four years with no reason just full shit, doping control wherever I like I don't know what's happened till today I don't know why because nobody gave me no paperwork even when he saw Rafael I said I need the paperwork for Camel the one the paperwork that says like Camel has been banned and demanding if you ask him today he said till today I've never seen nothing from Rafael so I don't know what's going on over there or who wants me to be out or they don't want me to be a professional they want to keep me as an amateur or I don't know what's going on so I went to that what they call it to that meet that seminar and I spoke to Chris how you blah blah blah all this I said now I'm going to get my pro card very soon because they're promising me I don't want to do amture anymore I said to me you do you remember me you said of course I remember that when you said me the picture with your trunks that color man within this is like we're talking about 12 years and for 15 years maybe and he remembered the color of my trunks with one picture I sent to him and he remembered why did you think with you it he said how old are you now I said I'm 45 45 you said yeah of course we could do it and then we started working together and then as you know we did the first pro show me and him the Arnold Classic and I won the Arnold Classic the first pro show with him that was a great show too man and he came out of nowhere like we didn't know who you were here like I didn't know who you were in the US you just showed and you just walked right through it man that was that was amazing yeah it was really start a good start of my career as a professional for me I don't think it happened before first pro Arnold Classic to win straightaway yeah I don't think I don't before I can't remember who's done that before before me that's awesome another thing Chris told me was he said that he doesn't know anyone because you've been training a long time so he said with your training age and how long you've been training he said he thinks you've probably gone through more training partners than anybody alive and he said he said you trained too hard for everybody said you trained harder than everybody and you burn guys out is what do you say is that true it is in his indeed man I mean I was cool I am cool like the high volume guy I mean I trade with big guys young smaller guys there is not many that they kept it with me but I will give that to Nick Walker he is he took it Nick Walker I mean he's really really because we we trained together for the Olympia this year and then he moved the Vegas actually the last four weeks but man that guy he trained hard as well so he was like heavy but when we did heavy and high volume he took it and he just switched straightaway and his man now he is the one he's he kept the rest most of them they got sick they got throwing up and the confidence you're training but yeah yeah man where where do you think that comes from did you have that from your early days in the gym who did you learn that from where you have to give her you know what I mean what to do and so I was watching all these old guys to be honest and I watch in these the way the old school the way they trained and I've always trained that way I've never had any coach to be honest the coach has a training coach always trained myself and I've always like done the weight which is I've never been crazy you know with all the technique if even if I go heavy I will never lose my technique and my you know it's just to be there I have to feel it I've never felt like to do like four or five frets or two reps or whatever I've always that's not for me I don't know sometimes I do some exercises myself I've never seen them and I'm a few days or a few weeks I'll see somebody else in like one of the top professional guys they do in the same exercises I've just done that two weeks ago I mean you know like when you are an engineer try trying to work out in some angles and promote some like you know some accessories wherever and you think you feel it works good and then you will see somebody else is doing that's been talking about years ago yeah maybe these kind of things like it's on me that's why I do a few different angles when I train with the guys and when they like they have some weak points and the way to train and sometimes like guys ask me oh I have weak points I've been training how to say did you train less maybe did you give it more rest it doesn't mean if you train harder that you're going to make it grow maybe you're overtreating it just give you like train one week two weeks off from go back train it again it just different ways you have to try it doesn't mean like you know when you train harder to build that kind of part of a weak muscle so I've been doing a lot of things I'm trying and it's it's maybe it's it's it's because I've been that long and I know exactly how it feels now and yeah I'm and God I'm still doing the weight I'm doing I'm with no injuries and I feel great what what do you credit to your your longevity like you know Chris Chris often talks about how you your muscle still looks young and and you don't have any injuries and you're still symmetrical and everything's still nice and clean looking and you know there's no little tears and nags here and there and you know what I mean like you got real nice clean looking muscle what what do you think kept you so healthy in the gym this long it'd be honest one of the things I'll must admit when we were doing the IFBP amateur IFBP I think this is this is one of the reasons the rest like one of the reason I'll tell you what one of the reason it's because we we our our shows they used to be old rug tested yeah so the top we have to go through a drug test at the IFBP amateur we have to so that mean we're not using you know we're not using a lot of drugs really fast acting stuff we have to be clean that day of the show so it's we never abuse our physique we never don't be they don't care because with me with my contract with Qatar I mean imagine if I lose well if I do get caught I will lose 150,000 wow and you get yeah you get paid by the country though no matter what right whether you win or lose but is there like bonuses if you win or how does that work yes it's like what is it for the world champion if you won the world champion you will get 150,000 wow that's that's a bonus at bless you will get like your salary house allowance draw a card now whatever everything is paid even my supplement all kind of supplement whatever what we do we got specialist of the highest ever of the physiotherapics we have we demand that is professional when I was there with you call it professional they do you like but you have to win you have to be the top of your league which is that's how I've been doing I mean I won 11 in the row the agent championship and I won with them six times I have to be world champion but man I mean I think this is the reason it kept me to be honest which is you know when we don't we don't use as much of drugs and whatever that we actually everybody's used I've never ever used my physique even even on Chris he when we started together he's been asking me have you taken this have you taken us at no no no no no no no no a lot of lot of weapons in your bucket what we could use so this is one of the reason the second for me I don't smoke I don't drink I don't party I don't do all these kind of things I've never I mean really could count in one hand that's when I do these kind of things and the third things which is I do follow a very low all year round I think these three together that's what kept me of course with my training I train with my mind like not crazy whatever with my technique and training smart yes yeah and you'd ever really let yourself get that far out of shape either do you no no that's what mean it's every year all year round I am actually in and actually you could see my abs you could see my side the latrace it's it's hard but I mean I don't know that's me I cannot do it I can't just even I get mowed with my wife come on you've got nothing I said I can't eat what you eat guys I can't once a week I'll eat with them the rest of the week I'm in my diet okay so if you you know you competed at two twelve and I've heard you say that you feel like you're ready when you're around like that to 18 to 20 months or at least that's where you had been in the past what pounds wise what do you sit at then say in the off season when you're when you're trying to grow what to be honest when when I am off season I've never tried to grow because I know I'm going to always keep myself it's the highest maybe two twenty five that's the height so I'm going to drop but yeah I'm going to drop around ten pound that's that's me that's always you're going to drop around ten pound but like today I'm too 30 this morning so I'm going to grow you're done with two twelve now oh done completely done man I'm it's it listen now whatever I'm doing now I'm doing it for me I'm just going to be fun is the last few years of my career and it's like I've done everything I want dealing with I want the honor of one every single amateur show whatever you could name it I'm good this is I'm just going to enjoy these things now would you guys like this for a minute look check this out this is a list just from 2001 so this is this is not even your whole career of competitions but like to think we're talking 2001 2002 2002 2002 2003 three three four four all five like I mean it's incredible to see first first of our back you went first show being ninety four you'd been competing for a year I mean I mean you'd been dieting right in bodybuilding for a year at that point man you've I just want to make sure people realize just how long you've been doing it next year's going to be thirty is it thirty years but competitive bodybuilding that's incredible man yeah man that's why I really really really happy and I'm going to be honest I am improving all the time I don't know I've been blessed thank God I've been blessed I don't know I mean it's it's been great for me like what I said I don't do much this is all my life is all bodybuilding even my business wise and everything is all to do with gyms and supplements and gym equipment and all these kind of the I'm just with everything around me bodybuilding so well and I have to treat very well and I've been looking after myself very very well blood work and doing this and when I finish show I have to be of completely like I don't care two months three months and then if I need to do a show okay I will jump so I will never stay even like you know the at the the crew's hearty the after whatever the stuff whatever the cool it are completely off just do like six weeks of PCT clean my system go back to normal train normal even my strength you know my strength like a farming gear I'm off it's the same it's the same maybe a little bit stronger like doing because when you are dieting wherever at the end of you know the end of your prep okay you have to have this kind of stuff for you but it's the same I've never put in my head that I am without stuff I can't train I can look good no no no no no no no no and again and I'm not afraid of any show I'll just be ready and I'll jump whatever six foot 10 hundred five foot I gotta ask you my question then that I hear I we we all had a bunch but I talked to a good friend of mine this morning who's been following you since way back in the day like he had told me like ask him about competing against hotty in the amateurs and ask him this and ask him that all sorts of stuff but one thing that really stuck out to me we wanted to hear the story about competing at the night of champions as an amateur what was that what was that whole thing you end up there what was that like I got this thing right yeah oh man that's 2003 2002 I was you know when I was in the UK I've always a naba boy can be with a naba federation because the naba federation was a lot more stronger than the IBB so I was committed with naba and then I got there is a show in Wales 2002 2002 I think yes so the price money it was a brand new car Citron sexo which is I'm talking about yeah about 2002 I believe the Saturday I did the naba did the naba the naba pro-am I come second in that show which is against Gary Lester and the top top guys in the UK can be it's in there and it's an international so there's a lot of guys in there and I come from international so I come second in that show and I want to do you two two times I think so the only way it can be this one is an IBB whatever the car Citron case I was started my car the same day did that show a draw full low about five hours driving to Scotland to Wales sorry and I did that show I won the show and I won the car so I won the I won everything I won the best to see the best to see and the best bozer I won everything so I I I owned my pro-card so the judge was something Benette she used to choose to judge the Olympia and Arnold she said to me come I will have you being what did you come for I said I was committed with naba she said to me no no no no no you will be long to the you're going to do great you're going to do this your physique as like the old school McCalley and she started mentioning names I don't know and I said okay so what what's going to happen is you said today you're earned your pro-card and you're going to be professional I said I'm going to compete with this big guys you said you will do I said okay and then I had Wayne Galash yes he's the photographer yeah he's a photographer and he contacted he actually the one he pushed me said come on you need to deny champion is not far is only six weeks now I said how I why do I do it he said I will arrange everything so he did arrange everything and he got me invitation so we went there we went to the night champion I say the Wales with my friend he's got a gym over there we trained together and then we went to the show me and my chair then plus and my god rest him in peace he passed away I don't know if you know you did you have your right to my chair and he's a British I didn't know yeah he's a shorter dialing a little bit to the meat and then we went me and him so we went there okay everything is fine we did the check in and we did the meat and everything so the people that was seen on the magazines all of them there oh my the me like coming 80 just under 80 kilo I was looking like oh my god so and then that year was his name who Victor Martinez won yeah at his best when he's looking like everyone was there except Jacob let I think Veronica that was his old for them you know the Jesimal soul about they came out they called the big names they just them that is they go so it was about 40 something if I'm not mistaken for he can better so it was the first was Victor Martinez I think second was great titles third I can't remember maybe King Camalee King Camalee yeah yeah I mean I mean there were so many people their Bob chick was there the George fairer art atwood mellow Rodney St. Cloud like down the list I'm halfway down the list like guys like Jeff long Craig Richardson like it's just it keeps going it was crazy so I stole my charidim then I said they might I don't know what about you me this is the first show and the last show I'm going back to the atmosphere this me I don't want to start like you know doing crazy things and get bigger whatever and I ruin my stuff so that I think then it was one of the reasons why they kept me going to be honest if imagine if I went like crazy I'm trying to make match with these guys go big and do whatever crazy things made them not existing now yeah right so I got to step back and I said go and now I'm to be likely after I did that step back I had that contract with Qatar they called me blah blah blah will you come here so that's the switch of me as a finance as well to bonus when I move there that's when is the things are open bigly for me I was telling you about the prices and all these price if you do the world champion you win the world champion 150 000 you win the Asian champion 20 000 and then they used to do the Qatar Golden Cup last year 30 000 so if you want them one year so you're nearly making like 200 000 a year bless salaries and you got this and you got everything is paid everything for me the only thing I do go to the gym in the morning come back they filled you if you want to eat the restaurant you just give them an voice that's it whatever you do just give them an voice and everything is done for you so is that's that's the thing is the night of champion I mean it was I mean even milals I was in the with milals in the same room because they they put us in the rooms every five together so we do a ton of whatever so I said to milals when I did the animals he doesn't know who I am he said come on well what did he come from he asked me because to come like to in the arm was said you don't know me but I know you so that my action I mentioned the 2003 I said do you remember 2003 when we had in the room to the the night of champion he was you were asking for someone to do your like oil in your back who did your oil in your back he looked at me you say to me I was like he couldn't remember but I said they remember he was asking who and I said okay I would do it for you and I was like doing his time is oil at the back and everything so yeah I've been around for that long and thank God that's that's that's crazy to know that you know I you you went pro and then went back to amateur and you know like we've there's a couple of examples of guys that you know like who's a raven could have turned pro several years earlier but he kept not turning he kept staying an amateur and to see it pay off in such a to see that patience in that long game pay off for you is a great lesson for a lot of people watching now that that are so eager to be a pro immediately yeah it's it is it is it is it is it is it is like thank God I had that right thing that day I said no it's done me the first one on the last one I swear I remember now I said to my don't know about you but me the first show on the last so I'm going back to the amgis this what I belong because I'm I'm I'm I'm small like I mean I need to put like another ATK to to be to match one of them so that's what happened and then you know all this shit and stuff and whatever likes it no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no and it is that's the way we actually debilNis these days we need to tell people you never rush it because our body going if you do it the right way you could last for a long time I know it's it's like it's um you need to get paid you don't need to do whatever but you're healthy number one I mean thank God I mean okay I've been going round with that of got a family, of got four kids of God. Things around me, I'm happy, I'm in, it's like I'm retiring now. I mean, can't hear the US now, I leave you in the mark. This is my retirement. I don't have to work, I've did what I have to do. And I'm around here. So hopefully, looking my kids going around, we do, it's, it's, we need to get that message out. You need to slow down, guys. It's not just like waiting, lifting and shooting, those are stuff. Good training, hard of training, with the good like, you know, dies and everything, the stuff it's like, it's going to hit you. If you don't, don't rush it, don't rush it. Take it easy. I just want to clarify one thing. You said you won 11 Asian championships? Yes. And six world championships. And over together, eight world champions, if I want to count, 10, sorry, 10, if I want to count the Naba because I won the Naba as well, Naba universe, I won the Naba universe. I won the Naba at the Naba world champion, either one the world Oscar, and the universe, I won the twice. So that's four plus, the 10 world champion. And I won the European, the European champion and the world champion overall in Tassaloniki, that's 2003. I want to love Showsman. A lot of other shows. I do 10 world champions. Yeah, because the reason I point that out is because I know a lot of the people listening now, they see you as a, as a, as a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a champion, right? I mean, that's the pinnacle. You won the two, 12 Olympia. But I want people to understand how good you actually are like, like, there's guys that win a show and they're really great. But there's guys that have won, like, you've won, like, 20 shows to demonstrate that over. Yeah, to demonstrate that consistency just over and over, like, oh, come on here. Yeah. It's over. Like how, like how, I must say, got to that point. Like, oh, come on here. Like, everyone. Exactly. Oh, come on. We're looking for the second mouth. I love it. I mean, to be honest, I have had a shoe band. You ask him. Yeah. I was going to the 85 kilo. He was doing the 80. He has to suck down the avoid, compete with me. Oh, you watch because I beat him, I beat him few times and he beat me as well. Yeah. If you watch 2003, that's the last show we did together. So I won the 85, you know, 90 kilos. And he did 85. There's a comparison between me and him. I should have won the overall that year. It was like, light out, but politics, politics as usual. You watch them, them, them footage of me with him. It's unbelievable. I mean, I competed with a lot of pros, a lot of pros. I mean, I remember 2004, it was the career. Okay. Yes. At the whole champion, he comes third to me at 2004. I saw me had that. Then his wolf, we were competing, then his wolf, we were competed at the whole champion 2005. He won the overall. So we were the rolling winkler. He never come to five, man. At the whole champion. Ascroll is well. I know these guys, but they were like winning some shows in their countries and they get a pro car. Wherever, and then they go pro and they whatever. But to me, it's too much to give up that much money. You know, when I was an amateur, I was going to get, when I went the Olympia, 40,000. That when they did the 2012. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. For a thousand of 30,000, whatever. And I'm winning 150,000 easier every year. Plus, so that not, I'm not going to do it. That's why that's wild. So just, just had a question about that. So, you know, a lot of people might not like we've all heard stories about the Middle Eastern countries funding the athletes because of it's a national pride thing at the amateur level, right? They're like, oh, you're competing for our country. So even though you're an amateur, you're competing for our country. So we're going to fully support you in your endeavor to represent our country on the world stage. And they take that pride in the body building, which I think to North American listeners or, you know, people in England or whatever, they're like, what? Our governments don't care at all about what we do. There's no check coming at all. But that's just basically what it is, right? They're just their support of a body building for whatever reason. No, it's because, you know, the body building is under the Olympic committees. And then in the Olympic committees in our, in our countries, in like for example, even in North Africa or Africa or the Arab countries. So there is a budget from the ministerial support. It goes to every single Federation. And then it's not all of them the same, but I'm talking about the Middle East like Dubai and Qatar and Saudi or whatever, they are actually more than, actually North Africa, Libya, but we still get some. We still get like even though, I mean, we still, our our shows, I did I did two, three shows after the Revolution of Libya. As an amateur shows, I gave my first price to the winner $10,000 cash. So I support them three shows and we give that much money. So there is, there is like sponsorship. The country will give the, the the Ministry of the Sport. There is actually given money. So I don't know, I've seen an England because I live in England when I, when I went the Arnold, one of the companies like asked me, we're going to give you 500 pounds. We're going to sponsor. I said, what the heck are you saying? It does like, yeah, even in England, this is zero. America at least there is the big, there is a supplement company. There is like a market between them. So there is, there is a pay money. There is okay, but UK did zero. That's crazy. That's why you see the top even, UK guys, for example Samsung, he's sponsored by a flat up, like American company. He got like, all the top guys, when we used to be together, none of us was sponsored by UK company. And there is UK companies. They don't want to spend the money. The same as other countries, they don't want to spend the money. But in back home, wherever the other countries, there is money. So they invested the right way. I feel like that would make the guys really competitive. If I knew that my paycheck depended on me being the best that I could, I'm not going to miss a workout. I'm not going to miss a meal. I'm going to be, I feel like that would make bodybuild. It would push bodybuilding to be better if you had that kind of pressure on you too. I imagine is it different in that way there? Because it's hard for me to wrap my head around. We don't get a lot of coverage of things like the world. We don't get, we don't see a lot of the stuff that goes on with those shows is the attitude about bodybuilding within the bodybuilders. Is it different there than it is here in your experience? No, to be honest, it's the same. It's the same. The bodybuilders are lazy because yeah, it's really, they are lazy. They are as most of them. They think like, okay, I'm going to win my pro card. I'm going to sit down. I'm going to wait for a sponsor to give me no, no, no, no, no, no. Yeah, make it first. You need to be at the top. You work your ass off until you get to that top and then companies will come to you and then you will get sponsored and you will get that. It's the same. The only, the only different which is there is price money even in amateur shows in our countries. There is. So if you want to win, okay, go on train. Go on win that price money. You're not going to, there's a company, they're not going to spend, they're not going to sponsor you because you are messing. You have to win the post at least local. You be at the top and then the company. So they think they think is easy, but no, there is money even in amateur shows. That's awesome. So if somebody holds like an approach show, they would put good price money better than here to be honest. I mean, like they just did the Saudi pro last weekend and then they did the 2012, they did the the the, the man's physique and the classic, they winner each class $50,000. So it's, it's a lot of money for just an amateur no small small amateur show. The the two to have 45 guys. So there is a price money, there is a price money, but you need to work for it, you need to get to that level to make sure like it's, it's as they are lazy. They don't want to work hard. They don't want to suffer. They want to eat. They don't want to be, you know, and that's the problem when they come here to America or to compete with the big shows, whatever, they don't place that well. Okay, interesting. I got a few questions here off the Instagram box that I put up from the fans, come all. Here's the first one. Who do you think is the most impressive poser in the IFPB? At the moment, I think, uh, rock at the moment. The classic, I think he, yeah, he is a demand. He is the one. The old days for me, if you ask, is my Muhammad Bakht Makawi, it's symbols that. Yeah, awesome. Are those the guys that you look to? The like the old school guys or those the guys that you're inspired by? Oh, my, my Makawi to see my poses of always have all of my poses of routine, whatever. I try, I try to do like 1% of I copy it. Always want, yeah, man, I love his physique. That's why, yeah, yeah. Yeah, let a scene on. That's, that's to me. That's bodybuilding. Yeah, I'm not like, you know, the max monster and that no. You know what blows me away is that a guy can win so many shows, be so successful. Be the guy that other people are like, well, I guess, come all of here, you know, I'm going to try to take second to be able to be that guy and still have the level of humility that you have. Like, I know it, Ron, you were like, oh, yeah, just walk right up, says hi. You know, I met you right after you won at 2018 Arnold. It was like Sunday night, everybody had already cleared out and we were at Powerhouse gym. I just walked up and said, like, congrats and stuff, you know, all that. But you like, you took the time to just really, like, have a real conversation and like the, I know that you know, you have your shows, you give prize money out, all that stuff, man. How do you, how do you maintain this, like, where does that humility come from? And where does that passion come from? Because like, just talking to you right now, man, like, it makes me feel real positive about bodybuilding. I just freaking love that. No, my, I'm of never, ever, I've always gave my time. That whatever of, when in, wherever, I've always said that, always praying to God never change me. Because whatever that we do is going to be reaching down and that's it. But your personality, that's what's going to stay. Now, over, ever. So after we, because we're going to be done of that very soon, okay, I mean, I stay longer doing it. But one day, it's top who's going to stay your personality. People they're going to like you, who you are, not who what you want. So 10 always, even if you go to the gym, what I trained, the MI foot, the. So I just, I was going to say what is they will say, we've never, ever. Here, I was going to show like this photo here. You took this back stage with me at the Dallas Pro. And we sent it to a, I said, I sent it to a pseudo because he, he said, how come all look? He said, I said, I'll look. And I said, I'll take a picture with them right now. And I went over and talked to you. But, you know, this was during the, the pro show. And, you know, a lot of guys look like they didn't want to talk. You know, a lot of guys look like they were maybe grumpy or, or maybe just like trying to like, you know, but you were like, just had a big smile on your face. So I didn't hesitate to stop you. Like, you know, I didn't want to bug you. But when I looked at you, I thought, oh, he looks approachable. So I just said, hey, let's get a photo for Chris, you know, and you were all cool. But, but, but, you know, that's, it was noticeable. Come on. Yeah, I'm the end of never ever. You see, even like what I said, if you ask anyone of the gym, what I try, I'd demand him here in the 1940. And he's like, they will say, you can buy you different than anyone. We don't care if it's the lot of, I mean, there's a lot of pros they trained in that gym. But I mean, there's no need for that. There is no need. I mean, okay, there is we know we die down and we go through a hell and everything. But, I don't know. It's not, me, maybe I will show with my wife and family. It gives, no, I don't want to be people calling me miserable. I don't want to give that kind of look. We are bodybuilder. We are like supporting all show on face of one of the sports, trying to make it. Yes, that's the way should be. Not like going out, but you don't want to talk to nobody. And now I'm always like this, then God, I will never be changed. I like what I said, whatever titles I've got. It's been written there, stored somewhere there, but like my personality hopefully will never change. That's all cool. I had a question about another training question here, was what be you been training for so long? What periods of time do you think you made your biggest strides? Can you pinpoint some periods where you think you were in leveled up your physique each time? I mean, I think my physique there was always similar in days because I was limited my weights until I turned the probe. That is when it's like I started seeing different. When I started like using some other stuff I've never used in my life. For example, like Inslee, I've never, ever in my life just used it a little bit. I mean, you know Chris, he doesn't give maybe I've used it four or five times in his prep. Are you sure? I was really scared. I've never said I've looked good without it. Don't want him come out just a little bit. We used a little bit. And I've seen I've seen the change and I've seen like I'm growing. I'm getting bigger and better. So I think the most improved and transport after I've seen it after like the one I turned the probe. Right, when you because you were trying to stay under 90 kilos before, right? And then all of a sudden you could go to 12. Yes. And to be honest, it's like 96 kilos, but I have to go 100 kilos and then I drop down whatever, but it did work. It did work for me because my body I think needed. That's why at the moment when we did like last year like with the two probe, the two the open ones, I felt my physique is going and I feel like I'm growing and when we did go back to the, oh, oh, struggling with it. But hopefully that's no more. How low did the food get coming into the 12 trying to get your weight down? To be honest, we did like few weeks with like only 30 grams of carbs that they. Yeah, my that is that it killed me. It killed me like madly. It's I mean, okay, I hold my, you know, I hope my fullness, whatever everything's there because like long years draining and you've got all that muscle matured and everything. But like man, it is struggling. It is struggling like no, the memory like I'm eating like, carb, meat with every single meal, carbs with every single meal. Only the last meal like I'm not eating carbs. So I'm good at mine of carbs as well. I'm like, no, okay, some of the meals like I'm doubling my carbs two cups, double an a half. So I'm really good with food at the moment. So it sounds like what's the protein numbers you were doing when you were on those that 30 grams of carbs like per meal. Wow, it's just a bit between like 45 and 50 grams. So yeah, it's still low food. That's low cows. Yeah, it is low food. I mean, one of them is a shake. And there's one talking about 350 max. There's some of it is like white fish, you know, smells a shit. I'm like white. So you need the egg whites. Egg whites always come out. Yeah, that was come out. So you're doing the morning the way I do it. If you see like man, see, I cook it the way I do it. I love it. I love my first meal. Oh, God. I love my egg whites too. I'm all about the egg whites. Yeah, with the with the pan with the saucepan and frying pans and covering down the egg. But they open me and tell me that with a little bit like what is like a pizza? That's like, that's a man who's dieting says that. That's not like pizza. So that's interesting. So you you had to push down really hard to make to 12. And now, I mean, we're not that far out from the Arnold and you're you're feeding up at this point. It'll be interesting, man. I can't wait to see, you know, how that comes together. What what we see, I'm pumped to get all three of us are going to be going there, too. So it's going to be a good show. But we're great to see. I mean, the thing is like, you know, with me, I've always come on good condition. Even even if I lose a little bit of my condition to bring more size, as we know, I'm disrespect to the open class. You know, they always make the condition is really like 100%. So I could match with me bringing a bit more size with the condition of me. But I'm trying to bring the same condition. But even a little bit less, I will match with them. So they wouldn't look at me like, oh, come on, it's still small. Yeah. So I'm good there. So I'm not going to be like going just like, no, it's going to be whatever. This one I've heard of hits and like some whatever, you know, the social media guys, they took, they just, they never know. They talk about things like, okay, the lineup is not going to be good, blah, blah, blah is going to be weak, whatever. But I think it's going to be competitive. I think it's going to be interesting, especially like me, me and Sean, two, two, two, two of guys, they're going to compete guys. It's going to be interesting. They want to see what we're going to do against the big guys. And then you say like, they're a cleanser, then how do you want this, these two, the X to 12, first and second, the open class. So that has show to you. I'm really this respect, these are the big guys, but they missing something every year. They're not missing. I mean, we saw how bad this year as well. A lot of them is off. A lot of them. But so it can't be like this. That's why like I said, when you judge me, when they ask me to do the armor, I said, how are you going to judge it? Are you going to judge it by physical, by the mass monsters? So if the mass monster, I'm not going to do it. If you're going to judge by the physique by the lines by condition, whatever, the symmetry, yes, very enough, because we're going to be there. We're going to be there. But if you're going to say like, what happened, I'm a pro, come on guys, he's not really like, no, I'm not going to do it. No, no, no, he's going to be just that kind of way blah, blah, blah is your okay, very enough. Yeah, right. I've always loved to 12. I love just the condition. You know, that it's something that you guys have always consistently brought where you never know. I mean, sometimes you'll get some open guys that are absolutely peeled, but yeah, some guys miss it. But to 12, you don't have, you don't have that choice. You've got to, if you're 220 and you're about there, you've got to get peeled to make that way. Yeah, because you know why? Because when we're small, so you think like, if you're small, and you're not conditioned, you're going to look bubbly, and you're going to look, but at least when you, if you big and you're like, you know, to 60 to 70, at least the mass, oh, he's a mass monster. They would forget about condition. At least you got a lot of mass. But if you're like small and then you're not conditioned and you're small, what are they going to say? What are you? You're small and fat then, that's all you are, right? It is very interesting to me how four of the most devastating guys in bodybuilding right now are all you four to 12 guys essentially. You know, Derek, Hottie, Sean, and you can all enter these open shows. Now, you know, the two 12 guys are showing that there's, there's something going on with them that maybe the other guys need to take a peek at. What's happening here? Because, you know, if you look back, go back 10 years ago and just think of the body weight. How likely would you expect one of these guys to win an open show if you just looked at the body weight? You know what I mean? Yeah. And now we're looking at, this is what bodybuilding is all about. It's what you guys bring to the table with the conditioning and the complete physique. Yeah, the builders at the moment, I think it's, we are bringing the old days like the 80s, you know? Yeah. But all these small laborada like Macaui and Benaziz and all these smaller guys against the big guys. So, and this is maybe now, this is what's going to happen. Okay, with a little bit bigger frames and whatever, but this is what they're looking at. I mean, will be good if they're going to keep judging it that way? I think that's what's bodybuilding. That is what's bodybuilding. We're great. Yeah. Go ahead, Dusty. I know Dusty had a couple things. Yeah. I had a question actually in regards to the fam. What, what do you hope that your kids learn from your bodybuilding, your career? How you carried yourself? What you've had to go through to be a champion as an athlete and as a person? What do you kind of hope and try to get them to see in all that? I've always told them, and I've told them. I've told them, I've told them my story because I have a massive story. We'll talk about how did I get to that man. I struggled a lot before like UK and before like when I left home, we're going to cover it because it's going to be long. We're going to cover it. But I told that to my kids and I told them what are of being on what's happening. I've always never, ever give up. If you want to have a goal, if you want to set up something, you want to read something in your life and make sure this is good, do your impossible to reach there and you give it 110%. You will definitely get there because what I did to be honest, I had few people. They are shrugged with me. They gone back. They couldn't do it. So I only won that from the group that we left home, that did what I did and the rest they could not. Because when I left home and I said to my head, I didn't live for money because my back home family, the God they go to on business, wherever they are really successful, family, even till now they're doing very well. And I said, I want to do it myself. After I did my show, I did the Libyan show and my coach, my God, Drisson and piece, he passed away. He said, come out if you are in the right place. You're going to be a world champion. He's actually a champion himself. He's actually even Germany. Whatever. So he knows bodybuilding. And it okay. When I did that show, I never took my bag and left even like my dad, what are you going to say, I'm going to do days to move and I'm coming back. Blood, blood, blood, just want to go. And I said from that, they are said, I'm not going to ask my dad for nothing. The only thing I'm going to ask is I fall one way, take it back to go back to Libya. But I'm not going to, many, I'm going to do it 100% myself. And man, struggled. I have struggled a lot. We will talk about another time. For me, it just wanted to teach my kids, make sure you have a dream and you have a goal. And a good thing, you set it up for and you always are going to do it. But you have to work hard for it. It's not going to be given to you. I'm not going to give you anything. You can maybe you've seen what I've got now. No, no, no, no, where card like what I did. And then I'll help you. I'll be there for you. Right, love it. How old are your kids? My oldest is 17 and then I've got 15 and then I've got my daughter, she's 12 and then the little one he is for. So I've got four kids. That's sort of really, really, one is six. Ah, man. Okay, definitely hands full. Yes. Any of them show interest in lifting weights or working out with weights for any reason? The older one. Yes, the older one. The the only is the above of them. All my family, they support me, even my kids now. Actually, my kids, if you see my YouTube channel. So the last few videos, my 15 years old, he's actually the camera man and my older one, he's the editor. So they are both into it. And the older one, he's draining and he's actually, he can tell he's got great physique. He's got all those kids. He's got his family on staff. So they're all right. That's what I'm doing wrong. That's what I'm doing wrong. I need to have kids to work the channel here. Made in the state. Okay. Hey, baby, you're my accountant. Yeah. There you go. That's, hey, who who you can trust any more? I'm sure it is paid. Hey, man. You better give it to your family. I mean, you're why I said, you're why you're going to get forever. She is using your account. It's the end of the end of the family. So it is for me. That's why I'm open. My kids, whatever, when they grow, okay, I wouldn't push him. They would love to do what they do. But I'd love to have them doing things for me or to run my business or to help me because I need help. I can't do something. I can't do everything in my own. So you need to be able to work with you and they always screw you up. It's not the same. It's not the same. Yeah, I was raised in a family business and my dad always said, nobody is going to care about the business as much as you do. 100%. 100%. How about that all over the other years? I know you mentioned he's lifting. I know that bodybuilders, we know the personalities that it takes, that it's like, oh, I could see this guy really getting into it. Is he one of those guys? Do you see him getting serious with it? Yeah. Because you see it, I'm sorry, but yeah. That's awesome. That's awesome. That's what would be what would be some business advice you'd give? What would be some lessons you've learned in business? You know, I know you've been involved with the gyms and supplements and all that stuff. But what are some things that you give to people starting out in business? Because we get a lot of questions about business. To be honest, if you had a bodybuilder, you'd do a success. Make sure, do not twice your money. You have to put your money in the right in the right things. You have to put it in business. You have to talk to people, which is they know business. They could guide you. They'll tell you where to put your money. Make sure you invest your money because it's easy to lose a. You want like a 200,000, you could easily go and buy a car with that. But if you put a like for example in property, I did my stuff at the beginning in properties. I put in properties. I put land, I put lands, you know. And then I have them when I need the money I sell it. So it's more and more in property. And then I was using my stuff like gym equipment. I'm buying this. I'm digging. I'm travelling around. I'm trying to all my connection. I met through bodybuilding. So people they know who you are, but you have to gamble as well. It doesn't mean like if you want to do a business, at least at the beginning, you have something on yourself. For example, if you want to do, you do a gym. And then if you buy supplement, you sell it and you're gym. And then you sell it somewhere else. So at least you have secure place where to sell to your stuff. For example, you buy stuff and you're trying to sell it. You're going to have even a place where to sell it. No, for example, I have three gyms back home. When I started doing the supplement. So I was put it in my stores and then I will sell somewhere else. So there is business straight away where stuff like you could sell straight away. So I bring gym equipment. So if I didn't sell, I will open a gym with it. Right. Yeah. So it's because you have to have that kind of mind of business you never ever rely on sponsorship or badly. Tomorrow you get injured. You're going to be sucked. Nobody wants you anymore. So you get some capital. Make sure you use it straight away. So thank God I've had some capital when I wasn't Qatar. So I put a straight in properties on about some lands and everything. I'm still coming. And then when I need finished with them, I used that money for my own oven gyms and did what I had to do. Nice. I want more question for you. Come all. Okay. Like to ask this one whenever we have a bodybuilder of your caliber on. I like to ask this is kind of my most hardcore question as a fan. What's the craziest physique you've ever laid eyes on and give me the circumstances like backstage at a show you saw certain somebody under the lights and it to this day is the most amazing thing you've ever seen or whatever that sort of a thing. Is there anything that sticks out in your mind as a craziest physique you've ever seen? Backstage or just a general. You've been in the gym. Right. You mean as a fan? Anywhere. Yeah. The be honest. I've always for me what's encouraged me to bodybuild in Flex Wheeler. He's the one is he's actually I loved bodybuilder because of him when I saw him I said I would love to be like him. So that's why I don't like when he's just started. And then I was like looking to be honest the most when I'm in actually made me like really like wow. There are plans for this year. The transformation because I see him at the gym every every day. Right. I wasn't even thinking of that. When I when I saw the transformation that he did I said wow you're very, very impressed. It's like I'm believable. When he trains you get a little bit pumbly, but you know, they mean it's round clean. I mean he is really really because you know from 2012 he has to compete with me. He's always soft to the top. He's never nailed it. It's nothing look even even they say like he's got pretty physique but it's something is missing. But when I saw build up man and if you see Derek ask him he was coming to the gym he was looking me I said Derek you don't know how do you look man. Believe me you're going to be very, very dangerous and I know what I'm talking about. 100%. Ask him that's before the show before the Olympics. Like three weeks I will for weeks out. He said I'm serious. I'm not saying it because like I have to say it to you. Yeah for me you're going to be you're going to be very dangerous, very very dangerous. And then we did what he did that at the Olympics because I saw him with the Olympics and everything and as soon as he came I was watching. As soon as he came out I texted him straight away. I know he's not going to see his when he goes back backstage and then the night I saw him then I said what do I tell you? He's with like he's really like wow at the gym when I saw him. His Kim's clean you know is round. I think he looked in the gym before the Olympics better than at the Olympics stage. You know it's not but because you know the gym is still full of water you still under them lies you know I haven't eaten the tan or whatever it does cover a little bit but man if you see him wow he's really he's like wow yeah he's got it in the back at the moment right now. That's cool. So I guess you think Derek Lundsford has what it takes to be Mr. Limpio then. Yeah because we're going to train together all this year. You're going to make sure of it. Okay come on. We thank you so much for your time man fantastic to have you on you are you are truly one of the good guys in the industry that just make everything better you know and you know every tingle person that you come in contact with has the same story about you so you know really appreciate you coming on and it was a pleasure talking to you and hearing your story. Thank you so much thank you for having me on any time guys any time though it was happy happy I mean I was the first time on I liked it man. Thank you so much. Thank you. Thanks come on get back to your kids and be in a retired dad who lifts weights for fun. They're in the finish and they waited for me here so. Okay good luck on the Arnold we'll see you at the Arnold see you at the Arnold. Okay thank you guys thank you. Could it win for hours?