You've often got a lot of people that can train very hard. But if their execution is also very very poor, that volume is then not quite as effective because the repetitions that they're performing, yes, the hard reps, but they're not actually quality reps that are going to really stimulate much growth out of these exercises. But what it can do is drive a lot of fatigue, especially let's say you've got someone doing a hack squat, right? If someone's pointing the feet extremely high, they're trying to train the quads, but they're pointing the feet extremely high, load in the hacksquad, but extremely heavy, barely getting any reflection, and then they just drop it it up and down, but training very hard, they're not really going to get much quality stimulus out of that set. No. What will happen then? They are going to quite have that session, feeling completely wrapped. So, in essence, yes, they've had a good hard training session, but they've not really got any good quality work in place because they've just been sending it to the mood, which takes a huge hit. Hey, what's up guys? Welcome back to Think Big Bodybuilding Media. I'm Scott McNally, and today it is my great pleasure to be joined by I-FBB Pro Cuba Challenge. What's going on, brother? What's going on? I'm looking forward to this, so we're having some really looking forward to this all week, so I'm going to count down. Surprise, guys. We've got some new programming for you. What are we going to do here, Cuba? Because we talked about this a month or so ago, right after you were on BST. I was like, Cuba, you have just so much passion for training, and you connect to everybody on our shows. It would be a shame to limit you to the occasional interview. What do you think about occasionally coming on? Maybe we'll do like a once a month segment. We don't have a name for this, guys. Maybe you can help us out. Or Cuba, have you come up with a name? What are you thinking here? I haven't just yet bought what we might do. She got some suggestions from the audience. Get the audience involved. I think that's the color's going. And we might be able to sit from and get some options going. So that might be the best idea to be honest. I'm not going to be really that great, but it comes to what it comes to actually quit our names. I never am. That's all right. We could well let the audience help us figure it out. And I got to tell you, man, this is cool to have you on. When we first started advice is radio, way, way back in the day, Jordan Peters was one of our first hosts. And I know just haven't talking to you a lot that you've been highly influenced by Jordan. You know, that now it's been the evolution of how Jordan is kind of evolved into like all these other people. Because you're you know, you're influenced by Jordan, but at the same time you also do your own thing. So it's kind of cool man. You're carrying the torch for hardcore UK body building on the channel. And I freaking love that. Yeah, absolutely. I think Jordan's not only been in Photoshop, but when it comes to training, but it's been somewhat of a mental when it comes to even life in general. So it's been great having it around. To be honest, I'm still very fortunate to have it around Britain every day right now. So there's nothing that I do generally when it comes to my own process that I don't really share with Jordan. And at least asking for the opinion or at least cast an eye and see what he thinks. Because he's very of the recent years. Jordan has changed a lot. He's very objective now. And he's more of a thinking man right now. Yeah. In fact, I think he was very, he was always very locked in right? Yeah. There was literally no outside noise. It was just, you know, a man on a mission. He still don't wish that way now. But, but I do think Jordan has got a greater ability to almost think and see through things a lot more. And he's extremely valuable when it comes to asking questions on when it comes to actually getting the second opinion. That's cool, man. And you know, I was telling Dave Crossland the other day that we were going to do this. And he spoke so highly of you. He was like, you know, Cuba has come such a long way and evolved so much in a relatively short period of time. I mean, you've put a lot together. Like you've, you've done a lot, man, and you, you still are. So I'll be excited to see where you take this. You give so much back to bodybuilding. Be it the information you share the stuff you do in your social media, the gym, the motivation. You know, just, there's a lot that goes into everything you've done and are doing. So it's, it's my honor to have you here, man, and to be a part of this. So what are we going to do here? I know you've got a bunch of stuff planned. What are your thoughts? The, the, the, the, the so-so-so-so-so-so-so. Can you do it? Can you do people's assessments when it comes to the form clips? We can do all sorts. Okay. I mean, that, that, I should set you over a bit of a, a bit of a script, right? And I don't really want to work from a script, but we do have a lot of topics that we can actually cover for people to, I actually get something out of this because ultimately, this is why we do it right? We do it to spread the word of bodybuilding and try and give back to the people as much as a physically count. So there's, there's a lot that we can do. I think on some, sometimes what can actually do is default certain episodes to actually break and bounce people for an execution and be able to help them out of the training or even any programming questions, any questions when it comes to the contest prep, even, you know, I know that you do the drugs and stuff, but we could even look at people's plans for the off-season and kind of break them down and see what we can actually share with them and have an input, both me and you from what we know experience we've had and what we could potentially, I wouldn't say, prove in the process book, what we can pick out and be like, right, let's look at this objectively and let's look at it from the outside and let's see what, you know, what else we can tweet to make this battle from from our spectacles. Yeah, there's so much we can talk about and so much we can do really to try and get back and bring a little bit of fresh, fresh vibe, right? Absolutely. And that's the thing is everybody, you're, you're so fresh vibe. Everybody has their own perspectives. So we could take a question that we asked Dave on drugs and stuff and he's going to give an answer is going to be, you know, maybe some layer, but there's going to be some unique aspects compared to what you would say or what I would say or what Scott Stevenson would say or skip, you know, so it's, oh, that's kind of a big part of what I've wanted this channel for is to not just have one person to tell you, but this is the way that things have to be done, you know what I mean? But to give a lot of people's perspectives because not everything works the same for everyone, right? This actually gives me a great topic, right? Put today. Okay. And let me know if you think to this. So I'll be coming across a recent culture shift where you've got a lot of people saying that a lot of the information that we have right now or even not, but the method is all the complicating stuff. When it comes to trading, when it comes to nutrition, and when it comes to even the drugs, right? Yeah. I think that's a lot where you get thrown around at the moment that everyone's up at over complicating stuff like it's, it's almost like actually thinking about what you do is seen as over complicating and looking back at what Darynd did with log booking, looking back at what he did with Australian. And but he was an example because he's probably the greatest example that we can use for what we talk about across any topic really. Now Darynd always, always mapped out a direction in which he wanted to go in. That was his offseason in prep, right? Okay. Always land meticulously where it came to Australia, no nutrition or drugs. Now, having that same culture shift at the moment and even people speaking about certain processes, it's almost seen that certain people start to attack it and say it's all the complicating. And you know, you don't need to do that with all of this stuff that most of us talk about right now that some people might actually see or might think it's all the complicating. It's literally what Darynd did 20, plus years ago. It comes to training execution. When it comes to managing recovery management, managing fatigue, when it comes to creating which the PDD is, and even when it comes to mapping out the way he's structured his offseason and his prep, right? So, a do think a lot of people can get into almost a lot of a, I would say, four or four social media bodybuilding in a fashion, but I do think a lot of people dismiss acceptance of new research that comes through or even accepting that there is a better way to do things right now than there was all 15 years ago. And even thinking about what we do with training, right? It hasn't really changed. It hasn't really evolved. The only thing that's different now is yes, we've got, it we've got different machines available, we've got more cables available. If we had access to same machine 20 years ago and that's the question for you. If we had access to all the machines that we have right now, the cable work and everything else, you know, with the fancy attachments and what have you. Do you honestly think Darynd would not be utilizing all this stuff right now? Oh, absolutely he would. He would do whatever was available. You know what I mean? I mean, he used, he used hammer strength machines, right? He used a not allus machine. And if those things were not, I mean, like he used what he had at the time. He used the best tools he had available. But listen, I'm going to, I want to, I want to, just kind of to almost oppose a little bit of what you're saying. I almost feel like we're not in the same place. We are in a better place today. I think that when I look back when I first started training, I would see some guys that had incredible legs. Some guys that didn't have great legs, you know, and I'd always been told it was genetics, you know, oh, that guy has great quads because he has better genetics for legs than everybody else. Maybe he had like, like better ergonomics genetically, like his body was set up in a way that he could squat that went to the quads and those grew versus say all going to the glutes and the hips. But today now we recognize like, oh, well, I can put my feet up on heel, you know, I can lift my heels, I can adjust to this and I can, I can achieve a squat that benefits my quads. Man, we didn't have that stuff when I was a kid like any of that. You either squat it heavy and you grew quads or you squat it heavy and you didn't, you know what I mean? I absolutely agree. It's not necessarily tools that you have. It's how you use the tool right? Yeah, yeah. Yeah, I think that's a huge point. That's a huge point right now. And it's quite hard to get the balance right at the moment with even trying to help people, right? Let me tell you one of the posts that I made on training and actually the BASIP curve, right? Yeah, we went pretty viral, it got like, I think this product's like 800K views or whatever it is. And it's literally people are doing the comments about what I've said. And the biggest thing is a lot of people like, oh, this makes sense of try it, you know, it felt amazing. But then you've got all these people just coming and saying, yeah, but, yeah, but drugs to this, you know, I see them all the time, man. Yeah, absolutely. And it's super simple. What we do right now is not really over-complicated things as long as you're doing the effort and you're not getting paralyzed by the research. You're not getting paralyzed by overload of the information that you see right now. I think everyone can always learn something from someone, especially when it comes to training because that is one thing that will never change. Let's talk that, let's look at this perspective, right? You can have your nutrition, absolutely spot them. And we both know we can both agree when it comes to their enhancements, it doesn't really matter which, it's extremely simple, right? And even at the very top level, it's probably much simpler than people actually realize and think, oh yeah. Well, people actually do. Yeah. Yeah, I feel like there's younger guys that are doing every little nuanced movement that they can and they're training and they've got their PEDs all down to the middle of Graham. And when we look at, I mean, you know a lot of guys who are extremely high level, a lot of those guys don't even know about a lot of that stuff. You know what I mean? They just take what they need to take and go. It's extremely simple. The biggest difference in something that I taught is obviously genetic, yes. I also see the biggest difference at their top is people's ability to train and then data to the plan. That is the biggest game changer in my opinion. And especially when you work with individuals who are not the 1% or even the 5% of genetics in the world. Once you nail down the nutrition and the, you know, very simple stuff that the source, right? It doesn't really differ that much. The biggest difference then comes down to training intensity, training execution, the setup of the program. And that ability to actually shrink weeks together of consistency, with the nutrition, with the training and being able to accurately follow everything to a T. So it's extremely simple. Bodybuilding is extremely simple. It's almost like applying progressive overload into every single area of your life where you're trying to get better. I'm trying to get better at recovery. You're trying to get better at a unit food. You know, the source, you probably get smarter with it and you actually take less and get more from it because the food and the training recovery for solid days that. And so on. Yeah. But the biggest thing that we don't see really much together at the moment is people have stopped looking at the guys who can actually train with immense intensity and can actually articulate what they do. And how they do it. And simply because these guys are assisted. Right. So it's almost like that advice can actually get dismissed and almost shelved. In favor of guys that just claim research or I would say research based and most of these guys that claim that one, I don't think of a scene that the hard setting the life to. They don't know what it feels like with 500 pounds on your back and trying to force out squats with that for reps. Yeah. They gain changes dramatically once you get to that level. So I feel like at the moment we need to merge all the wonderful data that's coming out alongside of accepting that. Some of these guys that have been doing this for years, they can actually offer something of value for you to actually learn from. I think that most of the people who watch this programming get that, but on the you know what I mean, we're kind of have more like the hardcore following, but I do see that I do see that especially there's there's there's a there's a I keep wanting to mention names and I'm going to avoid doing that. I have seen that a lot and I wanted to ask you though, so on this note, let's dig into it a little further. One of the bullet points you had was understanding training volume and training to your needs. And I think this ties in because as our intensity changes are volume changes, right? How do we find that balance? Let's give somebody a take home tip that they can add to their training right now to better adjust their volume level to make sure that they're getting the most of it. So what you said man, here's the number one thing I see is I see guys that are not doing enough volume, honestly, because they're trying to do this like push pull legs, tops that back offset, but their topsets aren't intense enough yet and I don't necessarily blame them. I don't blame all of them. There are those of us that have kind of like not all the screws are tied enough in our brains and we're going to push to that extreme and nobody has to teach us what doing the hardest thing in the world is, but I'll for a lot of people I've seen a top set that I say, oh man, that guy wasn't even near failure. And there's no way that he's going to be able to grow the back that he wants by only doing one set like that per week or every five days. You know what I'm saying? So I think in that case, that guy needs more volume to make up for that until he can figure out his, his, you know, how to build his intensity. But where would you take this? How would you explain this topic to them? So first, they're thinking people need to have a clear understanding of what training volume is. To most people when you speak to them after training volume, they literally think it's just sets. Now, when we actually break down your training volume, it's your training intensity. You range of motion, you're training execution, the execution, you rep range, and to the degree. You're training volume differs between your actual exercise selection. So let's take, for example, free sets of hat squats versus free sets of extension. Yeah, not all training volume is created equal. So exercises will drive much more stimulus and so exercises can actually drive and immense of our stimulus with an immense amount of fatigue as well. So when you approach or when you speak to someone who, let's say this person's got no understanding of what training volume is and they've just started training and the style of the, you know, an X training plan that's got some of work in set, some of some exercises and reps. Yeah. So let's say that person starts with Ted work in set's per session. Initially, that amount of volume may not actually be sufficient for them to actually see that much growth, especially if they've been training for a little while. If they're not a complete newbie, if they're a complete newbie, a very small amount of volume is going to see some decent results. Even if the quality of that volume is shite, so even if that quality of the volume with the intensity and execution is out of the window, if there are newbie, thus they'll get some games. Let's say someone that's got all of that newbie stage. Okay. Yeah. And then they need to do something to then continue to progress. So then you break things down and you put things on the table, right? This is yourself now. You're not seeing results. Let's see what is missing. Training intensity, training execution, and then you look at a number of sets. Then you look at the set up as well. Yeah. I think the single biggest thing is as well is you've often got a lot of people that can train very hard. But if their execution is also very, very poor. That volume is then not quite as effective because the repetitions that they're performing. Yes, the hard reps, but they're not actually quality reps that are going to really stimulate much growth out of these exercises. But what it can do is travel off a teague, especially let's say you've got someone doing a hack squat, right? If someone's pointing to the feet, extremely high, they're trying to train the quads, but they're pointing to the feet, extremely high, load in the hack squat, extremely heavy, barely getting any reflection, and then they just drop it up and down, but training very hard, they're not really going to get much quality stimulus out of that set. No. What will happen then? They are going to quite have that session feeling completely wrapped. So in essence, yes, they've had a good hard training session, but they've not really got any good quality work in place because they've just been sending it to the mood with shiite execution. So that number one, introduction is training volume. You set intensive to range of motion, even your tempo, your tempo can actually increase your training volume too. So let's say you've got your kind, you've got this person right, you've managed to get one of the sessions with you, Scott, right? You've got him in your basement, you're doing an at squat. All of this, Scott, you've got this person, you've reduced his load by 20%. You've shifted his foot stance right down, you know, probably in max weight can get, well, his heels coming off, still may take any full contact pressure of the foot of the platform, right? Yeah. All of the sudden, the game, a huge amount of knee flexion, and then now what even cooperates it is, a slow descent trick, so free to force second down, and then potentially even a pause in the stretch. Yes, it was a great. So all of the sudden you could have that person that was doing full work in sets of hack, not getting anything from it, to now doing two sets, two work in sets of hack, and now coming away from the hack squat with the legs fully blown and getting tremendous amount of quality stimulus in place. Okay. So, not all training volume is created equal. You're training volume will always be fluid, so you're training volume will very well, well, actually go up and down, depending on the variables that we've just been speaking about, which is your training execution, your range of motion, your tempo, even your exercise setup, and actually I'm going to do some credit as well. Hi, Petrovich, help me, I was just posted an amazing picture of Michaela doing squat. Okay. Actually, the progressive overload is not just loud, it's also a change in your execution. And again, a change in such execution is going to then limit the amount of direct volume, Michaela can handle. Absolutely. So she's going to have to now potentially even lower her number of sets. So this is where I don't tend to agree with the models of people doing huge shifts in volume where they're being extremely progressive with training volume over a training block. The reason for that is if you're working with a client and you're working with execution and you know that client is training progressively harder and progressively better. That means that all the best training volume may actually remain the same. The training volume actually increases because it's training harder, this is actually better execution and it's straight to a more tempo. Just hold on me. Absolutely. And I'm asking myself, how do we so how do we help people to improve their execution in this conversation? Because I feel like you explained, you explained how you could do that on a hack squat really well actually. Like I think if everybody took those cues and they applied it through a hack squat and they weren't doing those things before making that set harder is going to definitely make it. They're going to have to reduce the weight. There's no question. They're not going to be able to handle the same amount of volume. I can think of specific instances of clients that I've looked at their sets and we've made a small tweak and that small tweak changes the whole thing. They end up getting a lot more sore. They didn't need as much weight. Is there a way we can explain this that will apply to all of their exercises. It's a big ask. You know, it's a big ask for me. Is there a way we can explain this to say, hey, when you go in the gym, I don't care what you're training. Think about these things. Every single exercise I go to, every single set that I do. If I do not come away from that exercise with the muscle that I'm actually trying to train, I'm blown up and I mean, after that set, I need to experience that big we have pain in that muscle. And inevitably, that there's going to be a pump present. Yeah. If you are doing any exercise and you don't, and you do not come away from it with a slight degree of pump or pain inside the muscle, your execution needs to just in. But this is exactly why I am so against people training that people say, train for a pump. If you're training execution and your range of motion and tempo is nailed down, a pump is going to be there as a byproduct of that. So, if you are training right now and you are lifting heavy heavy loads, you're training hard, but you come away from that exercise and you don't really know what area, let's say, let's say for example, you've done an eight, a serving client Smith. Yeah, you're training, you're trying to get a big chest, you've done a serving client Smith from four plates aside and you've done eight reps. If you come away from that exercise and your chest is not screaming for the blood and you are in pain across your chest, right? So, something has gone wrong. If you come away from that exercise and you're just in pain everywhere, you join to her and you show the feels I'm just going to fall off and you don't need to have a pump anywhere. The likelihood of those reps is probably looking like the just power reps, right? Yeah. So, I think anyone trying to work out whether they're on rack path or not, you should always gauge it by almost sensation. Like, you should feel the muscle that you're trying to train. Quite a lot. If you don't, something's off. And this doesn't mean this is not as a matter where people need to not misinterpret this. You should never go into exercise and look for sensation. Like, sensation should happen as a byproduct of good execution and set up what the exercise does that make sense. Can you say that again in another way? Because I don't know if my brain connected to it. Right. Let's say you don't have a lot of pull down. Yeah. You're trying to train your lats. Yeah. If you do that self-luck pull down and you cannot feel your lats, right? You can away from that set and you can't. You can't really feel your lats, but you can feel a little bit of something in your back, maybe, but you don't know what. And you can feel a ton of biceps. Something is off with that set up. Yeah. Now, to fix this, you should not go into that exercise and then all of a sudden try and just feel your lats. You should then look at what it is that you need to do with that exercise to make it better so that you can actually go in. Do an intense set, but then your back is actually going to get blown. Yeah. So I'll go over it again. Any exercise going to? How will you self-degesize and how will you actually perform that exercise? Should it lead to a good sensation? You shouldn't go into exercise and all of a sudden do it extremely slow or do some stupid stuff that we're doing in Instagram. Just to try and get that sensation. That sensation should be there from the way you actually do that exercise. Yeah. I wish I had figured that out sooner on my lats. I'm speaking up pull down for the longest time man. I was doing pull down, so I was like, elbows out. The way you see a lot of people bringing it down like this. And I missed a look at it. I would get lats or this, but a lot of it was up in the terries. And it wasn't until I adjusted that technique. I almost kind of come and down in front of me more. But you know what? It took a long time. Yeah. It took a long time of me, like having to dial the weight back and actually have to break it down for myself. It's tough to do that man because especially if you've been even at it for a few years. Like think about how many reps you've done the wrong way. You know what I'm saying? And to make that small technique change, it can take a lot. And it can take some humility too. I think one of the only reasons I was able to really figure that out is because I was doing it in my home gym. I'm going to be completely honest. I had the opportunity to look stupid if it didn't work the way I wanted it to. Or if I didn't look the way people are supposed to look when they do that pull down until I actually, you know, was able to make it work for me. I would love it if we could share something here today. And I don't know if we can that will allow people to walk away and figure those things out for themselves on all their body parts. Anything they're struggling with. We see the guys walking around with great shoulders and no chest. You know, we see the guys walking around with great biceps and no back. You know, we can see like things are getting in the way here. How can I correct that so that you're using that target muscle? So I'll use myself as an example, right? I majority of my training career to begin with any back exercise I did because again, the self-makes of size was completely shite and I was using far too much load that could handle. I'd basically train my biceps. Okay, for more exercises. So I think the the the the most of the conversation needs to be is how can people look to improve the weak body parts. Right. So how can people walk away from this conversation and think think outside the box and think what is I need to do now to bring up whatever body part I'm lacking. In most cases people just add extra training days. I extra training volume right. Right. More of the same that wasn't working to begin. More of the same is not going to elicit different result. Like you're doing the same stuff you was doing before. It's not going to change. Even if you had more of it, it's not going to have any benefits. So if you're stimulus that you're getting on your back for example in mine, what was pretty shit. If I did more of it, it's just going to be the same result over and over again, just more bicep and more bicep. Now in 2019 I should spend a lot of time trip 2019 you know 2020. I think it was around that time. I can't remember. But I run that time right. And that time still that is when I literally had a back like I mean I had no back. Scott and I kid you not. I had I won my pro card with no back. No nice. Yeah. It was it was Paul. What did you think at the time where you're like, I just have to do you don't tell you figure out where you're thinking like, Oh man, I just must need to do more dead lifts or something. I was just like I need to do more dead lifts. I need to more bent over rows. I need to just get stronger. And yeah, I'm not really built for a deadlift. When when you look at me trying to do a deadlift, it's like I have to do a squat because my arms are relatively short. And when you compare the length of my arms to the length of my actual quads and my fingers, right? It's it's not a great I'm like I'm never going to be a strong deadlift. I have to accept that. Okay. But it will I pick. Yeah. I had to really really look at my training and it wasn't when put up until the point when I actually had some sessions of Jordan. And he actually showed me all the differences between upper back training and later training. And this is where the light bulb clicked and I was like, oh my god, I've never actually felt sensational at that ever in my back. And all of the sudden I actually started to make progress. So I would let you say, I've only been training my back properly in the past three to four years. Because, well, I never knew how to training properly. And I trained my back in the same way I did all my other body parts, especially the back in the day. It was literally going to the gym and it would literally be like a suicide mission. I would let you do it and I could do not. It would literally be like right. Today I'm going to go in and I'm just going to bury myself. And that was every single session. Yeah. That can only take you so far. Just because you are getting good results training this way. There's not mean that it's forever, personal foremost. And it does not mean that that's going to give you the results that you need for the remind of your career. And this is where there's a lot of people that have blinded it, blinded it by the results that they're getting sometimes and they fail to see that something may need to change for them to have longevity progression. And then actually fix the weak body parts and actually bring them up. Because my back is still behind somewhat. You wouldn't look at my shots now and it's a massive weakness. Yeah. And back in those days, Scott, when I turned round, there was nothing there. It's almost like the way I saw it when I figured the back thing out was it was late for me. Like I'm talking and like I've done a lot of training before I figured that out. I trained with good guys too. Guys that had really good backs and I watched them progress. I thought to myself like, man, I'm just not making the same progress as these guys are. And I didn't know why and it was really just it was very small. You know, I was doing the same hard work they were. It just wasn't going to the right places, but once I figured it out, I'm telling you, it was almost like getting newbie like gains. I was activating the muscle in a way it had never been activated before. An expounding. So one thing that we have to make people aware of is having that self-aligned, to almost, and I think it had to start with self-aligned and almost drop it to ego because that's exactly what I like to do. Like I was the guy that I could bend over, Ralfor plates for Raps, numerous sets, but it wasn't really, I've been over Rowe. It was more of a glorified shrug because my traps grew, my traps grew, and by a set grew, my forearms grew, but I had no back. So it did mean all favors. Now you take somebody else that naturally has an amazing connection with this last single of the back. That's all they might need. They might just need a barber and a dumbbell and that will do that. However, this is not the case for everyone, and this is where we do have to look outside the box, and this is where in some people's opinions, this is where we do have to over-complicate things. It in their eyes to change the execution and implement certain movements that are not going to be the best, even like the seated single arm pull down or a single arm pull down in general, which for the last is your best option. So if you are struggling to develop your lads, that's probably something you may have to do even when you don't want to. So you have to accept that you will need to almost do something that you're not necessarily a fan of in order to bring up your body parts. Like in an example, myself, when I'm looking to bring up a chest, like I love pressing Scott, and I mean, meeting, I love this machine, like any pressing, even flat barbell press, right? Okay. It's great exercise of all time, but I have not flat barbell press in four years time because I was just getting a big tricep. I wasn't getting a chest. Are you strong on that movement, too? And the barbell press? I'm almost five places on flat bench. Okay. And your chest, even with that, you felt like it didn't, that wasn't like, you felt like your tricep were a prime mover, huh? Yeah, absolutely. The way I can, the way I can bench, it's always, it's going to be a little bit of a pack, but on that, I was to put myself in a risky position. Yeah. And actively trying to get a little bit more stretch out of the pack, which is shouldn't on a flat bench. It's always going to be a bit of a power movement where I get a little bit of chest, but it's not quite as much as a wood, for example, a good quality, a connoisseur, a machine press, or a dumbbell press. So my point here is, if you're doing exercise just for the foot of it, but you've got physique goals that you need to think about, you may actually have to do something that's not quite as exciting, such as maybe even doing a cable fly before you're pressing. If you really want to keep your flat bench in, start with a cable fly instead, make sure that your chest is fully blown. You've got a good amount of quality stimulus and you've chest, whilst it's fresh. Yeah. And you're going to have a compound work. If you're, you know, you're not willing to, part ways with your favourite exercises, you might have to find a way to do that. And that's something I actually have to list it. For majority of us career, if you pay attention, any of these guys that have been watching flex loads, for example, every single chest session, he always started with a chest fly. Now, this is why you have to think outside the box. If you are looking to bring up your body parts, first and foremost, let's talk about a lot of the breakdown, or what people should be looking at doing, right? The first thing you should always do is look at your training exercise execution. Then you should look at the exercise selection. One shot, you want your exercise execution, and the exercise selection, and then you've got, you know, then first and then you've got your control and tempo nailed down. That's your free variables. Your fourth variable then you can look at. It's potential looking at the number of sets that you do. Whereas at the moment, I always feel like people fail to look at the first free variables that were mentioned. And then skip the most important things, which is the execution set up and whatever exercise you're doing, and they shoot straight to just doing more sets. Yeah, so more is not the answer. You can only do what you can recover from, and you will get to a point in your journey where the amount that you can recover from actually gets critically less and less. So you will get to a point where you may need to do less in order to get more results. You're training frequency may need to come down. I mean, back in the day, I could train six days a week, and make progress. Right now five days per week maximum. And that's when I'm charged up and when I can recover well. Yeah, but it's between four to five days per week training. If I'm going all out, and that's literally all I can recover from. So you have to be able to see progression as you can floor. If you're not seeing progress, you're not seeing your ability to get more reps start to rock it up, or you're not actually physically getting stronger. But potentially you're leaving some progress on the table. And again, you're not going to be getting stronger forever. So don't expect that you'll just continue to get stronger. But you have to see a degree of progression across a training block as almost a measure of stick of whether you are doing the right amount of volume. Let's say. For sure. So yeah. I got a question for you. So I like this idea of we kind of used it both of ourselves as examples. And I think that people really can connect to that. Tell us about Meg. What would you say? What does she think her biggest weak link is this season or this past season? And what have you guys done differently to help to improve that? She also had a weak aback. Don't forget, Meg actually transitioned from from bikini to figure. Yeah. So Meg needed to build a sort of density general, especially the bigot because it's a very unique class where you need all the shape in the world. I mean, the type that you need needs to be literally like boom and then boom. It's just perfect figures like something. It's the division where things just have. It's the equivalent of a bodybuilder doing a front and rear relax. You can't hide anything. It's just simply the shape. Boom that's out you're done. Thank you, next. So structure wise, she's always been suited more to figure because she is quite broad. She does have a tight waist. And she does have decent pair of quads as well. Yeah, she knows definitely. But the biggest thing that we need to work on is not just her density everywhere, but she needed more V-taper. She needed more shape. When we talk about shape and look at the top 10 girls in figure in the world, the shape is just it's exceptional. So with Meg, we need it more size everywhere, but we also need it more back inevitably. So execution, exercise selection and even now training frequency. Now, another thing that we need to work on will make what's for glutes. Okay. So, good work. What was the priority? What we did to actually bring your glutes up was firstly removing, lowering the volume down. So, her volume was quite high initially for glutes when she trained McKinney. But back in those days, every movement that she did, she was pretty much using a quads. That's why her quads were very well developed. So when she did her quads, when she did her quads, it was all quads. When she did try to do it and again, like press, you can never isolate your glutes. So, we're not going to say that, but you can change the way you execute like press to bias the glutes a little bit more than the quads, right? Oh yeah. You're not going to isolate them now, but you will get some, you know, a little bit more glue out of it if you do change your stance. But anyway, everything that she did in short basically trained her quads rather than glutes. So, what we needed to do is strip back, a training volume first, and strip back their execution. First step was fixing the way she actually performed everything like the size. We've focused massively on making sure that their execution was there, but more importantly, she needed to come away from these steps and make sure that her glutes was on fire. Come away from that set. If she kept moving that set, let's say for example, we used Barber Hip First. And I mean, Barber Hip First can be a movement that can be easily watched it, and it can easily turn into pretty much a quad exercise if you, if you put your feet in wrong position and you're not really, and you're not really executing the right way, it's not going to be a great little bit glute exercise. So, at first, every single time she did hip first, it will literally like doing a leg press hit. Now, all I could see is a quads just popping. Yeah. So, we changed the execution, and every single exercise came away from, and needed to see the feedback that, yes, my glutes are trashed, my quads are working minimal. So, there we go. That's what we've got. I've got a girl that's got a well developed body part and a weak body part. And that weakness that she became from her more developed body part, taking over in all the exercises she tried to do for the weak body part. So, in that instant, instead of adding more sets that would inevitably add more stimulus to the quads, we're simply stripping back. And we actually adjust the volume, adjust the actual frequency, start from scratch, and then rebuild back up. Yeah. In this stuff, everything you're saying here, and you mentioned it before, this is where getting complicated, getting overly complicated, makes sense. And for a girl who went in and she just immediately had great glutes shape, or, you know, got who goes in and gets great back from just doing whatever, you know, his normal stuff is. He doesn't necessarily need to break these things apart, but we're all going to have one area, or two, or more areas that don't respond as well. And that's why I think it is important to recognize there is going to be a time where over complicating, I'm using the air quotes, makes sense, you know, and that's what this is. Absolutely, I'll give an example, right, like, I'm training. I was 60 years old, and I had like, like, 17 in terms. So, when it comes to I'm training for me, I literally do whatever. It doesn't matter why I do. Yeah, because I can't believe you. I get, I get a such a great connection with my supervisor to try set. So, it does not matter what I do. My arms will respond. Now, this does not mean that someone that has weak arms should do what I do for him. Because if they did, they would have no arms. So, my point is, if you are looking at anybody build a, that's your favorite bodybuilder, and they've got an amazing body part, so times it is not a great idea to follow what they do. Oh, yeah. Because that body part may just be their gift. Yeah. So, I will tell you straight, like, all the training partners that I've had, and even my own training partner, he doesn't do I do for arms. But he first helped training. He has specific work that he needs to do, and he also needs to do more for his arms to actually get the same response. I can't get away with doing two free sets at the end of my push-up pull workouts. He cannot. So, how much I said to you end up doing per week, say, for Bison tries? If that is up and down, if I want to get my arms out of it, juice, I will sprinkle a little more volume in place. But if I don't, it can be as low as, you know, if I'm training with split of two days on one day on one day off on the other, I'm just push-pull, rest legs, rest. It can be as low as two isolation exercises, free to fall back in sets for tri-set, unbi-set. Okay, I said, so even two work in sets, every five days. Yeah. Okay. How long are your workouts just out of curiosity on average? Between 90 minutes to when I thought it was. You say two and a half hours? Yeah. Okay. It's a long workout. If it's like, it can literally be two and a half hours, yeah. Yeah. Okay. I think people are showing away. People are showing away from that a lot nowadays, especially, especially with your level of intensity, man. That seems like a long workout. So, let's say I've got a session where I've got four hundred kills, four sets of hundred. Two sets of leg extension, two sets of leg press, two sets of heart. Or two sets of leg press, one set of heart, and two hit thrusts, for example, right? Okay. That would pull the table around two hours, if not, if not, just a little bit longer. Okay. With, with, so how long it does it takes to say warm up to that hard-hacks quiet? Probably about 15, 20 minutes, and then I would probably have between five to 10 minutes between the set. Okay. Let me ask you, how do you get to that peak level of weight and such little volume? Let's say, let's say I'm the like press first or high squat, jump and set you through the warm upsets. Yeah. Yeah. How does that warm up look? Because this is something I find myself explaining to people often, I figured it would be helpful. We're trying to give people things that they can take home. I know this is this podcast is probably going to be pretty dense. I'm thinking, because there's a lot of information packed in here. But if people are taking notes, they can always go back and listen to things twice. Yeah. I'd love to hear it, man. I think that would be really good insight for people. How would you warm up? We're going to have to do episodes to on this topic anyway, because I've actually got quite a few things that are going to come up on the volume discussion. We can hold off on that if you want to. We can talk about that. Okay. Well, you've said it now, so I've got to cover it. So let's say the session. I'll start with line hamstring curl. If I'm doing a very set of heavy hacks, on the side of the hack, generally for my isolation work, it would be two to three warm sets. Yeah. So on hamstring curl, I would pick a low dark blue 12 reps with, then a second set that I could do six reps with. And then if I feel like I need another one set, I would then do a third set of three to four reps. And then it would be my work in set on the fourth set. And then I go between two to three working sets on that exercise. If it's my hamstrings, I potentially may even do four sets, because then I prefer not to do more exercises. I would rather just get the same amount of volume from that exercise. So let's say I'm doing a full leg day instead of doing two hamstring curls in that session. I would just stick to one hamstring curl, plus the half and then you might want to. Okay. So leg extension, same principle to three, leg extension potentially even four if I'm cold. Yeah. So if the weather's like this, if the weather's like this, I potentially even take four warm sets. And with leg extension, I do prefer to work in slight high range. So first, first, first warm up set, probably like 15 reps, second, ten and the third pull it ten again. And again, every single rep, I do like to spend a little bit of time in the fully short and range. Just to make sure that I am getting enough blood into my quads and make sure that menese are staying pretty fresh as well. Now, build it to my hat squat. Let's say from doing a work in set of seven plates on that side, it's hack. Yeah. I would not with a plate for twelve reps. And then the following warm upsets and feeder sets are always dictated by how my actual connective tissue feels. If on that given day, my knees are feeling fantastic. I would literally work up in double star triples. So I would take two plates, double or triple, three plates, double or triple, four plates, double or triple, five, so on six plates. I would pull it on the do a single with six plates. Yeah. And I would go in seven. Okay. So I am building up to that top work in weight with as little effort as possible. All my energy and effort is getting safe for that top work in set. But you're also ensuring that your your central nervous system is ready for that amount of weight. Because you would literally get buried if you just tried to you know, if you tried to go into it cold, right? Absolutely. I call it a rehearsal, right? And I think you all upsets is what ultimately is going to dictate how affected that work in set is. Because this is where you're you're rehearsing before the big play, right? So every single rep ever single set you take before the actual work in set is always going to prime you for that work in set. So when I go into a walk sets, I literally treat them with the same aspect as I walked the work in set. So that execution is getting drilled in the same way as I would would with my work in sets. Because let's say you want up sloppy and you want up relaxed. If you want up sloppy and relaxed, you're not really preparing your body to work. Yeah. So where you actually build up to that work in set is very much going to dictate how well you can perform and how safe you can perform as well. Because if your reps are sloppy, build your towards that, you work in sets, probably going to be sloppy. Now let's say in warmly open at any given day and my knees aren't feeling too fresh on that exercise. I may even work up in slight higher rep ranges and this is where I may even adjust my top-work weight to a lower weight and try to work in higher rep range that's going to be safer. On certain days I may even implement a slight pause in the stretch. And the best thing of keeping a log book is I would always have a reference point of that weight of that set working in lower rep range or in higher rep range. So I would know where I need to be in order to progress that set. Yeah. Now having that self-awareness is going to benefit in many, many ways because again we're progressive overload. We're trying to progress the stimulus. So when we understand that again going back to the top of your training volume, your training volume is your intensity, your range of motion and your exercise execution. This is what you can understand that you can actually adjust that work in set. You can adjust the tempo, you can adjust execution to get even more from it. So if you know, let's say I'm getting to that day and I know that I don't have seven plays in me for whatever reason, it might be a creative tissue, it might be whatever else. I may adjust the form and execution of that exercise to still be able to have a progressive set but just on a different scale. Yeah. Does that make sense? Absolutely. Yep. Yeah, I think the, no, let me ask you after what I mean. You what? If I go to Fashio, how to ride me? No, you're good. You're good. I think that we're at a point where we've probably overloaded people. This is a lot to, this is a lot to take in. I wanted to ask you though, before we went, before we left, I did put out a thread on Patreon. I didn't tell anybody else that we were doing this, but I told our Patreon people. And I got a bunch of people asking questions. So I want to just randomly grab one of our questions throughout the atcha. And then I've got to thought too. I'm thinking just listening to this conversation we're having here. This is all such good information. I don't know if people will in on average be able to hang for an entire hour of learning. So you guys tell us, is it overload? Is this too much? Or are you good with this? Because my thought is, Kuba, you mentioned like looking at exercise technique and stuff. We could always do like 25, 30 minute education piece on a topic. And also do something else. Also do, you know, look at breakdown some technique. I think that might be a really good digestible show having segments and stuff. You know what I mean? I'm with it. Absolutely. All right. We're going to follow this thing as we go then. We'll probably get some examples of what we're talking about as well. Oh, you mean like, like if we're talking about a particular exercise, have video of that? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Let's talk some more about this and we'll figure stuff out. And like I said, too, you guys tell us the audience. Tell us what do you think. Like, are you still waiting for more right now? Are you like, hey, this is enough. I have to listen. Because like Scott Stevenson Scott goes deep, right? And then all of it. And if we did like a 30 minute hard segment of education, and then we did some other stuff. You know, like I said, maybe some because people love doing critiques too. So we could we could probably help them out with that. You guys just have to let us know. Do you want to send critiques in, you know, to get done? And I'm sure Cuba, you can probably get those from social media. I can get those here on YouTube and Patreon and everything else. So let me throw this question at you from Chris though. He says, um, see, I'll just toss it up on the screen. He says, I'd like to hear you talk with Cuba. He spells you Cuba. Uh, probably a typo on a spulcorctor, something about just getting big. For guys like me that have no interest in doing, doing shows, and just enjoy the process of getting big and stronger. If it fits the flow of the show, I seem to be the minority with 90% of the patriots and listeners seem to be more bodybuilding oriented. Um, and always looking forward to more shows. You're basically my whole source of entertainment. Thank you Chris for your appreciated it. So Chris has no interest in bodybuilding as far as the pageantry side of it. But it sounds like I would still definitely call him a bodybuilder, you know? Yeah, absolutely. So Chris just wants to get big, right? Yeah, there's nothing wrong with that. Right, Chris. If you just want to get big, unfortunately, and that's probably mistaken with homemade in the past. Please make sure you do not perm a bulk. So your goal is getting big. You are going to have to sort of have some sort of periodization in your journey or goal of getting big big. So let's say you've got enough season right? Chris right now you weigh 200 pounds and you want to get to 260, 270. That 260, 270 is not going to happen in one push-up. It's just not. So, if you want to get to 270 by the end of 2024, and you, let's say you're 220 now. Yeah. Yeah, he was a decent sized guy. But we could probably say, let's say 220 just for the sake of conversation. Yeah. So it's what's like conversation and what's the 270. So it's the 50 pounds of bodyweight, right? Yeah. Your first step now Chris would be pushing your bodyweight up 40 pounds if you are quietly. So let's assume that's assume Chris is 220 quietly. Lean enough to go into our push-up phase and his own reign of to go into push-up phase. Let's plan a 22-week push-up for Chris and in that 22 weeks, he's going to take his bodyweight to 260 pounds. Okay. By that point, Chris should be in a position where he's completely sick of food. And inevitably, he's probably going to get in a little bit softer around the edges. Right? So at that point, Chris is going to have a health phase. He's going to back off from pushing. He's going to reduce his creating right down. Yeah. I just have a lot of time off. Take a deal out, relax, hold it a little bit. Inevitably, if his appetite is maxed out, he might actually want to pull back on food in that phase. Yeah. I've do you've done that for 4-6 weeks, Chris. This is what you're going to do an 8-week diet or a 10-week diet. In that 10-week diet, you're going to come down to 240. Right? You're going to take 20 pounds off. At that point, I am expecting you to be pretty, pretty lean again. Ready to go. Home green up to push again, right? Another 20 weeks of growing up, Chris. And you've got 30 pounds to add. That should go to 7-2 ticked off. Yeah. Time for 42 weeks. Now, Chris, right now, dumbing you notes. Make it happen and then you can go back to me and score. And let us know how it went. I like the sound of that. Now, on that 8-week, like Recomp cutting phase, where he's coming back down to 240, is he assisted there or is he TRT in order to save that to, for the next push-out? What are you thinking? Depends how big it is. Okay. If he's quite advanced, I would not recommend dieting. I'm not recommended dieting on TRT. Okay. Okay. So, if he's relatively fresh and relatively vivid and you be, he can do a portion of that on TRT, initially. So, you know, when you first start off and you hold him all body fights, always a lot easier to lose body fat, right? Without the risk of losing muscle, that's. Sure. But the second is starts to get a little bit leaner. That's when I think, you know, he would need a little bit of catch-up to keep him going. Yeah. Right? So, it depends. What do you think? What do you think's gone? Yeah. I love that idea. Just overall. And I'm with you. I would almost think, I think along the same lines, but that's why I was wondering, what do you think? I would think that if he did use gear in that eight week phase, I wouldn't want to go crazy with it. I'm working with a guy who, I want to say he was 200 pounds when we started. We got him up to 250 over a long period of time. It was over a couple, a couple of bulks where we pushed him up. Composition was still good by the end of that. So we held there, came down just a little bit and then pushed him up further. Got him up to 250. And then we took a phase. I was like, listen man, we're going to have to die it down here. Like in order to continue moving forward, we have to get the body fat off and just kind of reset you a little bit. So we diited down to 220 from 240. And then the game plan is to then we used gear, but I didn't want to go crazy with it. And of course, by the end of it, he's like, hey, can we add this in? Can we add that in? Can we, you know, it's not the ultimate goal. You know what I mean to get down to that 220. So we're not getting you completely staged lean. He's all though he is pretty lean right now. The goal is just to get you down and to maintain as much muscle if not grow in the process. And also, not mess up so much that now you need two months off before we can get back on. That would be my, that's the way we run it as an example. Yeah, that's a great point because when you have to take your body fat past down at a certain level, the dust come a time that you need to actually recover from that too. So with with Chris, he doesn't want to compete. So we would take him down just lean enough for him to not actually feel the pinch too much. Don't get, it's got to be lean enough to gain, but not lean to the point where then we would need to spend time in recovery. Actually getting his body fat to normal in a state where mentally is good and physically is ready to push. So that's a great point really because that's that's something not many people are aware of is. If when you die at and you get lean lean, that comes a time where you need to kind of pay back the recovery time a little bit all the time. Well, I went, I meant the gear wise. We didn't want to take the gear up too high on that diet phase. You know what I mean? Because it's like, this isn't our goal. So let's use what we need to control it. But I totally agree. You gave me credit for something I wasn't thinking, but I appreciate that. I should have said anything just take it. It's well because he's going to need more gear to gain more muscle. Yeah, versus voice going to need to actually hold the muscle down. Right, so it doesn't make sense to go crazy with the gear in a diet phase when inevitably you're going to have a long period of time trying to gain after. So we need to all save the tools up. Yeah, so you need to add in to be able to grow because ultimately, if you can save all the sauce, all the ketchup and mayo for when you can, when you can row with the foods, you are going to get a much better response as well. Yeah, all right. Well, I'm getting this in my brain as a podcast or Cuba. I'm getting this in my brain. I feel like, I mean, listen, if we're to do an educational segment, and then we knock out some listener questions, we do one or two training critiques like, man, we've got a show in front of us. That's a great freaking hour podcast, you know? Absolutely. I'm all full up. How'd you guys? All right. Listen, until this. If any of the listeners want me to rewind on anything that sets or go deeper into anything that I've said today, just let us know and we're more than happy to go over it. But I do have a few more points that I want to cover on training volume as well. I don't understand the training volume for different phases too for off season, for prep and for even, you know, you maintain its phases or have you. So that's the thing. I think deep into that. I'm next episode. I'm working cover a lot a bit more of listening to questions and what I've announced people that want us to make clear, because we did pull the cover quite a lot that people are going to be a little bit lost with. So if you all lost with anything, let us know what you lost with and we'll be able to get to it. I like that. And I knew Cuba all it would be is just a matter of hitting the button and being like, all right, Cuba go. And then you would take off. So this is you were made for podcast and you really are appreciate it. And thank you for having me. What, uh, where are working people for you? Obviously, you know, Instagram, everybody's probably already following you there. But what else are you doing? How can people reach out? Tell us about your gym and everything else too. So generally, Instagram and YouTube, that's where most of the content goes. I've actually had a lot of break from YouTube because last week, I actually had quite a few things lined up and that was going to film. But I got struck off with the flute. I was kidding. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. It was actually Dave came out to my house and got you sick. It sounds like Dave. It gave me the IV, right? It gave me the IV. I have a IV from Dave every moment. They're fantastic. And literally within the hour of having the IV, I just felt, I felt like I was, I was going to pass out. I was like, something's not right. I'm definitely sick. But the way I felt, played which four to five days and how high I'm arrested, heart rate was, it's definitely the flu. If you know what I mean? Oh, that. Yeah. Well, it was probably a good thing you got the IV when you did that. They probably even helped, you know? Absolutely. Absolutely. So, yeah. Anyway, YouTube, Instagram, that's where I'm mostly. And the gym, ultra-fixed rofreem, and there will be announcement for another gym coming the old way soon. But I can't tell you about that just yet. I will, all in good time. But for now, it's, it's ultra-fixed rofreem. Yeah. When you say, come in your way, do you mean come in my way? Like, well, not quite. It's gone. Okay. All right. I had to check. I had to check. All right. Cool. We appreciate it. What's up? You can't just check them out. Oh, yeah, man. I've got to, how far are you from, from like, Dave's area? So now he's moved. He's a little bit further away. So it's 50 minutes drive from Dave's. That's a good moment. Beautiful drive, too. I'm sure. Oh, it's amazing. Can you take the train? I mean, I know Dave's not, well, he, Dave's old house wasn't by the train. I don't know if he's, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Does the train work? Yeah. I'm sure. Okay. Yeah. But wife and I are going to come out eventually again. When we do, we're going to take like a the entire train trip up from, we want to go from down in London and come up through the north and see everybody up there and then continue going and go to Scotland. We want to check. She wants to see that. When you do that, let me know because there's actually a fast train that takes you from London to, to, to, to, to our area. It only takes an hour and 20 minutes. Oh, no kidding. Yeah. It's, it's, it's amazing. Yeah. It's, whatever, whatever me and the wife went to London now. We always take that train because it's so nice. You literally sit down and train. Don't let their work and you that as driving or regular train. It's like, free hours, which is a nightmare. Yeah. So, man, the train that I was on, it was nice. I got a nice first class ticket. You've got, like, it's just like you get to kick back. You can eat some food. Like you said, do some work. You've got, I think, was there Wi-Fi in the train? I can't remember. Yeah. Wi-Fi. You've got all your plugs and everything. Like, it was, it was a, it was classy, man. So, that would be, that would be a fun trip for sure. But anyway, guys, like, a couple said, comment, let us know what you think. And if you're interested in doing any kind of training critiques, which I know a lot of you guys are hit me up. You can reach out to me, but can Ali diets at gmail.com. That'll be in the description along with everything to reach out to Kuba and follow everything he's doing. Reach out to us. Let's get some videos going, and let's make this into a legit show. We'll be excited to see what happens. We don't have a name, but, you know, it, it, it, like, Cuba's corner. That's a little too cheesy, I think. That, it rhymes. It's a first thing that comes to my mind, but I, I don't know. I don't know. You guys tell us, right? Well, a thing that's a bit out. We'll think of something else. All right, guys. For another episode here at Think Big Body Building Media, we'll see you soon.