I'm getting ready for the pot. Great for the pot. Good for the pot. Waiting for the show. Yep. Some iced coffee here. Nice. It almost looks like that could be a true nutrition. She's talking. That's true. It could be, yeah. Yeah. Now I got, I do have a true nutrition collagen and true nutrition creatin. I'm not hydrated there. Okay. I've been taking my creatin in the morning since I saw that research got about it, it having benefits for a healthier brain. It's funny because there is some research suggesting that caffeine antagonizes the effects of creatine. Really? Yeah, that was a big thing for years. One of the effects can be that creatine slows muscle relaxation time. And when force is being produced, there's ATP turnover, and when a muscle it's produced a twitch or a hashtory lacks, you're doing some repetitive motions to say doing like a cycling thing, some sort of high intensity about, and there's a lot of on and off of motor units. The faster you can turn off the muscle when you don't want to have it active, the better because you're using ATP during that period of relaxation. Okay. Communimize that. Then you would then have a potential organic effect because the energy demand would be better. And one of the things that was shown in one of the studies out of Peter Hezbo's lab actually in Belgium was that caffeine negated that increase or that faster relaxation. They create and vote. But then the other thing is that people like, yeah, that's maybe true, but there were so many of these initial research studies where they literally were giving people creatine exactly the way you're taking it in their coffee. Like that's what people would do. It just makes it in their coffee, right? Yeah. It would mix in it. It's all pretty well anyway, but you could put up a hefty dose in there. And you know, coffee, no problem. So anyway, that was the big thing. Because I was creating is what I studied for both my master's thesis and my PhD dissertation. So I have knew the creatine research really well on us. And everyone was like, oh, no, caffeine. Can't have any caffeine with your creatine. And it's like, oh, shit, this sucks. And people were trying to figure out a way around it, but I don't know that it makes that big of a difference. Yeah. Maybe for some people. There's something there. But I wonder if it, maybe it, maybe if it does have an effect. If it's, I would, I'd have a hard time thinking that it would completely make it null and void. You know what I mean? It seemed to get that, that potential way in which creatine was acting energetically. OK. No. I've even seen like I know that completely different compound, but I know you're supposed to use T3. I don't know if he's stomach. And I've had times where it's like, hey, I do my best, but I only had, excuse me, 15 minutes. And I needed to eat. You know, and it's like, I still got the effects I wanted. I've never, I don't know. I feel like real world to me sometimes is very different than what I read and study is. I'm like, oh, it's still worked. I don't know. Yeah. That interaction with food is highly, very well, actually, from the thing. Right. Yeah. So for some people, it would make a big difference for others, not so much. And if you also are eating like you probably were or had been at that time, where it's the same meal each time. And then you're going to, it's probably going to have the same impact, whatever it might be, larger, small for you each time. So you would then just adjust your T3 dose, whatever. Right. Right. Maybe I need a little bit. You're not seeing the effects you want. Then you're going to increase, right? Move it more. Yeah. Like what's the elk carnitine thing? Right. I think people were doing that as well. Kind of unknowingly. So I heard from someone pretty high-level guy that he removed elk carnitine when he was steep in prep. And he started losing weight really, really quickly. Oh, really? Elk carnitine blocks the effect at the nucleus. At blocks probably blocks entry of T3 to the nucleus. OK. So those exact details haven't been elucidated as far as I know. But so when he took the elk carnitine out, this is what we kind of figured out, then the T3 was basically having a stronger effect. And then as you see, like all the time, people try to like, oh, shit. I'm not going to be in shape. It's three weeks out. I'll just bombard myself with T3. And they drop fat, but they drop muscle really quickly too. Yeah. So he had sort of inadvertently like I think a lot of people do. He had adjusted his dose of both of those things. T3 to being at a higher dose to combat the inhibitory effect of the elk carnitine. And when he removed the elk carnitine, then the T3 had a stronger effect. And it did not work in its favor. Yeah. He dropped weight really, really rapidly. Because he had, you know, oh, you don't see this in the blood in the blood work either. That's interesting thing. We talked about this before. But you won't see like a difference in blood work. Because what's going on in the brain in terms of registering TSH and those sorts of things is apparently different than what happens at the target tissues. So the target tissues are affected. But the regulation of the thyroid hormonal access is not. Yeah. So it's really quizzically talked about this. I don't want to, we don't know, that's not what we're going to talk about today. But I just reminded me of that. That was really interesting. I keep hearing from people. After we talked about T3 and elk carnitine, people kind of chime me as they say, hey, I got a question for you. Someone else said message me on Instagram a couple of weeks ago. And he's going to mess around with some things to get back to me. So and these are reputable individuals who are people with high level. Yeah. I have been pros and other doing a very scientific, I'm in particular about what they do. So anyway, pretty cool. Hey, I got a quick follow up for you here. Yeah. What about this one? So, and by the way, guys, we're going to get this thing started. We had a couple of questions that Scott was prepared to answer. But if you want to comment with some additional questions, we'll try to tackle those after we get through just to handful of these. So how about this one? So why would we use elk carnitine then? It will be the benefit. Does it sound like it's taking everything away? Yeah. Well, elk carnitine, you can actually can do this morally over the course of my take months. Most people inject it. So you get obviously more bioavailability there. And elk carnitine is a component of the acetyl transferase that moves acyl or fatty acid movements into the mitochondria. So what this means is that it will shift your fuel use. This is Stevens at all. You can look at this as that Paul Greenhouse lab. So Stevens, STP, H-E-N-S. Spilled differently than the first part of my last name. And you basically will shift your fuel use towards fat. And that's a great thing. So if you want to need 2000 calories a day and you're in a diet, right? And you've got to chlorate deficit and you're oxidant. You need that 2000. You're only taking in 1500. Whatever she have a 500 calorie deficit. You want as much of that fuel to come from fat as possible. So if you can shift to 1000 calories from fat versus 700 because you've got some carbs and everything coming in there, then that's better. That means you're basically able to oxidize fat better and for fat loss. That's what most body blows you're doing it for. It also shifts fuel use during exercise, too. They demonstrated this in the Greenhouse lab experiments, too. So that could potentially, I haven't seen a whole lot of fall-up in far as Urgogenic AIDS, Urgogenic effects going, but that could mean less glycogen use as well. But for someone who's using then cardio to increase fuel use and you can oxidize more fat during your cardio, then you're basically getting more out of your cardio, so to speak. In terms of fat oxidation, you still have that deficit. But overall, if more of the fat oxidized in the deficit to get you already created through cardio and your diet is fat, that's what you want. Yeah. So yeah. I can tell you anecdotally, the one thing I can tell when I'm using Ocarna Teen is that I sweat a lot more. I sweat a lot more when training. I sweat a lot more during cardio. And I notice that I get more body odor. It's got something I just figured out. In the last couple of years, using it from amino, I'd been experimenting with their stuff that goes up to 600 milligrams per milliter. And I did, in fact, use code THANK there, by the way. But here's the deal is that I noticed I started stinking more. And I was like, man, I just took a shower this morning. This doesn't, I'm a little ripe, you know? And then I take a shower again. And it just, it was an ongoing thing. But for whatever reason, then I came off the Ocarna Teen and it went away. I was like, oh, maybe my deodorant's not working anymore. You know? But then I came off the Ocarna Teen at one away. And then going back on it at another point, exact same thing happened. And that's when I realized, oh, it was the Ocarna Teen, in fact. Or it was something in, in whatever they have in there. Oh, in the Ocarna Teen. So there could be something else. I did run the oral as well. So I had gotten the injectable started up. And then I switched to the oral at 2000 milligrams of the acetyl-l-carnet Teen. And an acetyl. So it continued on. It continued on like that too. So I really do think it was, I just all Karnet Teen for me. Yeah, it could come out in your sweat. I don't know. It's, it makes this way in the lipid membranes, you know, in the mitochondria. So it's, you know, it may very well make its way out in your sweat. And then when the bacteria get hold of it, then you get stinky, stinky city. There. Right? The thing people mentioned, oh, I'm sweating so much. I've never seen anything because I did a pretty deep dive, suggesting that it literally increases your metabolic rate. There's some shift in fuel use there. And you get when you're oxidizing purely fat, you only in relative to your oxygen consumption. You don't quite get as much energy out of that. So that makes sense that that would happen that you'd see an elevation of metabolic rate to some degree. And that you become in a sense for any given energy expenditure during cardio. Or you even obviously, if things are ultimately end up being aerobic in the long haul, you'd have inner-robacter size, but you've got an oxygen debt that needs to be repaid, et cetera. You do, you would incur an inefficiency to some degree during exercise. Yeah. Sounds like people are saying, like, yeah, I'm hardly sweating. And then I get an alkalinity, and I'm just this, the sweaty mess. Right? That's a much stronger effect than what would it be about a, like a 6% inefficiency, something like that. It's not a huge deal. Okay. So anyway, that's interest, you know, 12% inefficiency. So I don't know what's going on there with all the sweating, but it could be a multitude of things. But I've never seen that document even as a side effect in some of the studies. But obviously, I hear it all the time. Right? So one of those things everyone says, right? That's how I know it's real. It's sweating. Yeah. You know? So that's interesting. We have, I looked and I hope I can figure that out. Pretty good. Thank you Scott and Smart Scott. Oh, nice. Regular Scott. So what someone said, and one of the other things. Very good Scott. How about just Mr. Scott? You can use Mr. Yeah. All right. Guys, well, thank you for tuning in to muscle minds with Dr. Scott Stevenson. I'm Scott McNally. And guys, you can get Scott's book over at bytobcoach.com. A lot of the stuff we talk about is all catalog through the book. It'll literally take you from your offseason planning through your offseason, through your prep, to the stage, and literally the day of the show covers everything and then beyond that, too. Go to trinutrition.com and use our code think over there for high quality supplements. Look, my creatin, that I just drink in my college and use our code think. Like I said, get some savings and support us. Thank you to everybody by the way from Patreon. We had a couple opening questions from Patreon. Scott, is there anything you wanted to jump into right away? I titled the show that we had one guy who was talking about getting a better mind muscle connection. Did you have anything for that one? Yeah. Okay. I feel like you said, hey, that's what you call on the show. I'm like, like, I guess I'm gonna have to get it. You can give me much choice. We don't have to go deep into it. But I would have a really good question actually. Yeah. Like it. Instead of over in Patreon, he says, I'd like to know if Scott has any out of the box suggestions for improving the mind muscle connection for troublesome body parts. In my case, that would be my triceps, especially the long head. This was further compounded by acute C6 C7 nerve pinch in 2014. The left my tricep for our pinky finger of my dominant arm very weak. I used neck traction. Let's see what else did he do? He's used lion's mane regularly and he feels that things have improved. It's a long answer. But triceps are still clearly lagging. Never get a pump and always feels weak with very low muscle endurance. Throughout some different thoughts about possibly doing Eastm, BPC, 157, TB500. With it possibly help. He says it's been 10 years. He's wondering if maybe the ship is sailed. But there are any suggestions to basically hack the nervous system are much appreciated. Yeah. He might go first thing. It might be, there's still going on just to see exactly what's what the diagnosis would be now. Like it's the CA nerve route. So the nerve route that exits under the C7 vertebra goes to the pinky. So he's got some probably got some CA involvement. I would guess just academically speaking, not diagnostically speaking. See what's going on there? It might be, I have a Saunders unit sitting over here. I have one for my neck that I haven't used in years because I haven't needed it. But if he sees a PT and might be worth the little pricey, those are prescription only devices. So he might be able to get the PT to tell more or not. That's a good idea to continue doing that. It might be helpful. You know, just if he's got, if he's because things are probably only going to get worse, if he's got generative disc disease in his neck and things are going to shorten down, he's going to get more in pinchment there. But an East him unit could be really cool. A PT would could do that if that's his or her, drug others during the PT session. And it could also be used for biofeedback. So let's say that from what I picked up from reading this, it's really the long head. On his one arm is dominant arm. That's the main issue. So you could put East him on that and that's going to do a couple things. One, he could be a file feedback mechanism. So he knows what it feels like to do that and that can help train his nervous system to then activate that muscle. Okay. It's also going to also going to train that muscle back to some degree so that muscle could be rehabbed. This could even be something with his, because you want to be careful with East him turning on while you're exercising. So he could work with all tons of East him units that are out there and some of them. You probably could get a prescription forward with some of them are really powerful. And you can only use them with your with the PT's assistance. But you could activate that during training of the triceps. And that would then could bring that muscle back, at least in terms of size. All on that would stay if he didn't continue to East him is going to be a function of, you know, how intact his nervous system is. The thing that's nice about using East him is when, so you put pads on the muscle. And you depolarize those neurons that goes to those motor units, those fibers of those motor units. And the depolarization wave course goes down to the muscle cause the contraction would also goes back up to the spinal cord. So there's an anti-dromic depolarization wave that goes back. So if there are neurons there that aren't easily activated because he's got some compression, but they're still alive, they still exist. Those then could be activated. So he wouldn't even just be rehabbing the muscle fibers, but he could be rehabbing the neurons themselves and bringing them back to life. So then they're more readily activated, which would help, of course, if he does have compression use the Saunders machine. So you get sort of basically bring back all the pieces of the neuron-mushular system associated with that tricep. So you got to get the muscle working and to get the nerves working. And then you want to fix the root of the problem, which would be potentially the issue in his neck. But that's for, you know, the PT to figure out. So the long head is a biarticulate muscle across as the shoulder, so it does extension and basically addduction. So back down, like, feel it on a couple down people, yeah, click the long head pretty hard, and then extension too. So the way, at least the way that I found that people can train that if it's a weak spot, is to ensure that there is either an adduction vector or an abduction vector that you have to fight with adduction, or there is a shoulder flexion vector that you have to fight with shoulder extension. So for instance, if you're doing like a tricep press down, typically you'd be standing the table right here, right? Pressing straight down, if you step back so that the cable is more in front of you, the police mourn in front of you, and it's pulling you in this direction, you then have to extend the shoulder in order to keep your elbows tucked in tight. Oh, yeah, yeah. So now that's going to activate that long head, you're going to have to do that movement, you're going to have to activate it. What that may mean, especially for him, especially on that one side, is that he's not able to use nearly as much weight, but it's going to ensure activation just to keep the elbows at your side of that long head. You can do the same thing, both school movement, you don't see people doing very often, doing overhead triceps, the stension, kneeling with your elbows on a bench in front of you. So you kind of pain the ass sometimes, so you don't have a long cable, but you, the cables back behind your head, and you're leaning with your head on a bench, or the bench right there in front of you, so you're living on the ground with the bench on the floor in front of you, and you hold your elbows down and you do extensions like that. And that, of course, has this vector pulling you this direction, and now you've also got some stretch on the long head, could potentially accentuate the stimulus for it. What else I put in here for that? A couple other ideas. You can use overhead triceps, triceps, triceps, down, as well, or where you've got, you typically unless the cable's right behind you, you're still going to have that pull, so you're going to have to use the tricep, the long head to extend. PGR pullovers, the lost exercise that works really, really well, is another one he could do, so that just involves some elbow extension during the concentric. And then he could also also take, and this will be, it's kind of hard to describe, and it will be back a little bit. But if you do, if you do, a nice tricep movement is to do a cable crossover where the cables across like this, right? So you've got some abduction, or some extension, and activation the long head where you're doing this, you have to do them out here like this. Right? So you're doing a horizontal abduction, and you could do it with the cables with the right angle, you can do a 45 degree like that. Right? Yep. So he's not just got triceps extension, he's also got some movement at the shoulder. Then the trick for him would be to find the right angle where he can most activate that long head. And during all of these, especially with the unilateral ones, which are nice, he's going to expect to have weakness on that one side. So some of this training is going to be limited by how much you can do with the weak side, the dominant side, what the affected side. So, but the more weakness, the more asymmetry he sees, the more of a deficit he sees, probably the more he's targeting what he's wanting to do. So he's got a decade now of accommodating, it probably does his pressing like all wonky, so that he can effectively, it's probably a neuromuscular activation strategy so he can use his triceps, they be used his anterior, dealt more on pressing, or he's changing his accuracy, probably asymmetric on a lot of things, unless you're really focused on not being. So he's going to want to find those things that where he's got this maximum kind of deficit, and then stick with those and just let the strong arm, you know, it'll have no problem doing those reps, whereas the weak arm is the one he wants to train. So, and he could do that with a PT too, a good PT, could show him, show him these things, and with the East End on top of it, right? The other thing he could do as well is pre-feteed, if he can just jack his arm back and extend his tricep, once he gets good, or even, you know, people when you do before you hit a latsbred, you put your hands on your hips, and you drive back and pull your lats in the contraction, and then also activates that long head of the triceps, you see it really clearly on people that have the big triceps, you can just do that, practice that, hold that for a while, and then go into those movements. So he's developed in that mind most of the connection and carrying it into the movement. So, it's hard, this is, you know, this is online, a podcast, this is the type of stuff that a good PT, a good personal trainer, being able to see it and feel it in the gym. You can see it and feel it, yeah. And using a mirror can be helpful too, because, you know, he's so used to this. Right. So many people have all this accommodation that happens when they're doing it, when they have shoulder injuries or hip injuries or whatever, and they're doing all sorts of things asymmetrically, and they don't even recognize it, right? Because, how they've been doing it. So, once you look at yourself in the mirror, you're like, holy shit, I got this, this shoulder is all jacked up, you know, right. I'm have to go with light weights and slowly. So this is going to the mind muscle connection literature that we have. There's studies where you've, a lot of, I asked it up about this before, is you tell people to use their chest on a bench breast, and tell them to use a tricep on a bench breast. And people can do that pretty well when the weight is light or when they're not asked to do a ballistic contraction. So when you go heavy, you get closer to your one-rette max. You're not going to be able to do a bench breast with a focus, use MG to basically figure out whether some actual one actually is activating the chest more so when they're asked to use the chest, or they're doing a better job of acting the triceps when they're asked to make this a tricep press. You keep doing that when the weight gets too heavy. And you have to activate more motor units to move the weight faster. So once it gets too strenuous in terms of weight or trying to be explosive, you lose that ability to have a mind muscle connection and make an exercise that where you have triceps and anterior delts and chest to choose from in this case. So you gotta go slow and you have to use a lighter weight. So it's okay for him to use lighter weights and do sets of 20 and 30. And then literally a good practice, just perfect practice, basically his important is do those tricep extensions, whichever one sees doing and do them until he starts to loop. As long as he's getting some good mind muscle connection, once he starts to feel like okay, I'm not hitting the long head of the triceps the way I want to. I'm starting to lose that connection then you're done. Right? He's finished because then he's practicing another activation pattern. He wants to sort of try to retrain his nervous system and this could take years to do. But first thing is go see somebody and get to the root of the problem and see what's gone with his neck. They could do a nerve conduction study, see which nerve roots are actually involved, whatever the Western medical professionals think has appropriate. And then he can see maybe he's just pissing in the wind, trying to do all this stuff. His neck is so jacked up. You're dealing with a faulty system and you got to fix the system first. Yeah. We got a bunch of stuff on the livestream. So when the jump into one of those vents says, first of all he said, Scott has been an incredible resource. He's always been incredibly helpful with thought, excuse me, thought and thorough, I guess he's trying to say, with answers and he's got a question for us too. You remember Scott when you were doing high protein for a contest prep? No, this is he says way back in the day or back in the day. I feel like this was just a couple of years ago as far as my mind remembers it. Yeah. But he says, you're not going to like me. Yeah, that's what that must be what it is. He says, could you have Scott go over what his 500 grams of protein per day pre-contest diet look like? And if there's anything about that approach that he changed. So 500 grams of protein, what does that mean? Like how does that look say per meal? What would be a standard meal to get in 500 grams of protein per day? I mean, that's 500 grams of protein meals. That's basically a really, really, really high. I mean, there are guys that go 500 grams of protein in their offseason. Yeah. Right. And if you just take everything out, you end up at 500 grams. Right. And that's 2000 calories a day. Okay. That can be a deficit. If someone, I don't know where I'm running, I was weighing at that point in time. I don't remember if there were 500 grams, I think there were days I was doing 500 grams. Okay. But that was when I was, I think I was taking a lot of casing to Vince asked me this question on Instagram. So I mentioned, you know, these could be good questions for the podcast. So here he is. That's the question. Yeah. So the thing about just kind of addressed the high protein idea in general. So when you, when you die down, the literature suggests you, there is an advantage to having higher protein, even a study suggests greater fat loss with a higher protein intake. Thermogenic effect, what have you? More protein is going to help with your appetite. So when you're taking that much protein, my appetite is minimal. As long as you can kind of stick to that, right? So that can be pretty bland and nasty. You can get to where you're producing. I think I was, I think I get done training and I was oxidizing so much protein. The re-accomming out my sweat. There are a couple times I left my clothes and my gym bag. And I get like that. That's really gross ammonia type. Aw. Awful. Like, it sometimes is bad. You know, there's just a normal thing when you're taking a high protein diet, but this was just a trotaceous. Yeah. Really bad. I think when I destroy this whole bag. Oh, good. Yeah. And I would even take like little grocery store plastic bags to throw my sweaty stuff in. And I'm like, this was like radioactive. It's seat right through the plastic and everything. You know, it was really bad. So I'm not suggesting anyone do this. What I do is just kind of mess around with things and take them to their extremes, just to get a sense of what that would look like. Within reason, of course. I'm not trying to use any crazy pharmaceuticals or what have you that I know to be dangerous, just to see what happened to my kiddies. Right. Something like that. But that is an approach. You can run into really high-yorea issues that your kidneys will have a problem with. Eventually, you don't want to do that. You'll stink. Right. So, but that was a big competitor. Heavyweight, you know, top of the heavyweight's 2015 to 2015. I was doing that. So it wasn't like I was 150 pound per person. It wasn't a bikini competitor. Right. Trying to take in that much protein. But more protein can be helpful for those reasons. And that's the one thing that has an anti-cadabolic effect. It actually has an antibody effect, too, of course. And when you're in a cadabolic condition, protein is the most anabolic nutrient you can take in because you got a cloreb deficit there. So that was basically the strategy. Just to see what happened. My appetite was like, was like, minimal. I just, yeah. I get all the amounts. It'd be a tough diet. But you did have a assumed veggies with it, too. I don't think I had much better. Really? So what did you do for fiber? I had, I would add benefit. Okay. My jakes. Yeah. So, because that mixes in nothing can't even tell it it's there. Yeah. And I'm trying to think, see, I don't have some of this written down. But I just go, I just, I mean, I used to write everything down meticulously. Like decades ago. Yeah. And now I've just, I just go, but I just go on my field for so many years. You know? Yeah. I can just, I can just, and when I was intentionally trying something outside of my normal boxes, okay, when it just go with just go with protein here. See what happens. I found, you could do proteins. Go ahead. One of the things I was going to say is I found that for people that don't tolerate a lot of carbs, don't tolerate a lot of fats. So, the protein can be protein is a lot less likely to make you fat. You know what I mean? If you, if you can, if you can go with high proteins for somebody who's really sensitive and in certain cases, I found that that can work really well for somebody who maybe struggles with a diet that has a lot of carbs or fats in them. Yeah. You don't like when, and you know, this is Jose Antonio's work. I'm mainly thinking of is when you add like a thousand calories a day compared to a control group from protein. Yeah. It doesn't do anything much for muscle mass, at least in his work. But also didn't increase body fat. Yeah. Yeah. You don't, you don't like, even in an excess, adding protein. Now this might be different if you're, you know, at 6,000 calories and you go to 8,000 calories or something like that. Right. Right. Or 7,000 calories yet, you know, 250 grams of protein. But that's extreme situation. Someone who's already doing that, they're probably on so much gear, they probably would matter. You've got to totally different different scenario. They'll be almost known would do that. So that's just hypothetically speaking. But protein is the safe thing to add in. The problem can be, if you're trying to add calories if you're going to, off season situation, you add more protein, then they can inhibit your appetite. It makes it more difficult to eat things. Yeah. And if you're already got a lot of calories in there, the protein can cause some digestive issues. Because it's almost all digested and absorbed. Right. And if you're just also, you're just pooping out protein. We have so much in there, you know, that 3%, that doesn't get absorbed. You know, that's now become 6%, and you may have doubled what you're the bacteria in your gutter getting. And then you can cause GI issues. Yeah. I just push them way outside the normal diet. Anyway. What about this one from Jim over at Patreon? He says, does the timing of an AI or a finasteride matter in relation to the timing of when you take your test? So yeah, pharmacokinetics, you know, makes a difference. Obviously, we're kind of test we're talking about. And what AI are we talking about? So if you have done a good job of, based on whatever of those compounds you're using, taking them at a regular frequency, so that you don't have big highs and lows and the blood levels of any of those things. Then you're probably in good shape. We don't have an issue, right? But if you're like someone whose friends has been prescribed to take your testosterone inintate, I forget you're in up in Michigan, man. Oh, yeah. You can just say, no, man. Yeah. Do you have something metal? Do you have something metal in your hands, by the way? Oh, I do. Sorry. Yeah. I keep hearing it. Yes. Sorry. Yeah, they're two dog tags. Oh, I do. I do. So these are just sitting. You're going to follow the way with all the dog tags I have over the years. Oh, my God. Yeah. This microphone works, man. I didn't realize that. Yeah. It picks up like all the little condenser mics. They pick up all the little sounds. You know, they get the little, those, the roundness and the richness of your voice, too. Uh-huh. So yeah, you can have a, like, a doc prescribes you like come in and do your test shot once a week. You know, so you get these high levels 24, 48 hours later and you're like, you know, you're down to your high pool going to Addle. You know, by the time you come in and then you're doing like your AI, I gave you even see even seeing a Nash as all prescribed like once a week, 1 milligrams. Okay. And that can, you can run into problems then, right? So now you've just got havoc. It shifts all over the place. Yeah. But if you're spreading things out, it's, it's not a problem. But yeah, you could, you could create a scenario, you know, where, you know, you, you, you try to maximally distort your testosterone to estrogen ratio by, by timing things, relative to their peaks, depending on what you're using so that you don't have steady states of anything and then you could skew stuff all over the place. Okay. If you're, you know, if you're being smart about it, we shouldn't be a problem. I don't think. But it can vary. Yeah. So you have to, you know, that can happen. People do all sorts of people just like, oh, they get them used to, doing something one certain way and then they just forget that something else change and next thing, you know, it's like, wow, I feel really good on Thursday and Friday and I feel like crap on Sunday and Monday. It's like, okay, let's look at what you're doing. You know, it's now these things are time. It's like, ah, this is why you ran out of this. So you started taking it once a week, you know, because you wanted to, and then you got some more and you just kept taking it once a week. When you should have been taking it twice a week or three times a week and then you switch this, that and the other next thing, you know, it's like, okay, yeah, you've, you've ended up with kind of a, a screw situation in terms of the, the pharmacokinetics. I feel like this could be more of a problem with AI than with the, for an asteroid, time at least. I feel like with an asteroid, it's just a matter of continually keeping it in your system, you know, taking it day after day after day, whether it be oral or topical. But for sure, the AI, I've always gone with the next day. And a lot of cases. If we, if we need an AI, I've waited 12 to 24 hours or something like that. That's what I've been told at least as a, is a good time on average to use an AI for going to use one. I don't know if you've heard anything similar. Yeah, I mean, there's different half-lives to it depends on which AI you're talking about. So that's okay. Now that's some part of it. Like, I, I, and this varies per person too. So like an astrosol shorter than Xemestane, which is shorter than Lectresol, right? Okay. Or Lectresol short as well. Lectresol is the shortest of them. Shortest. Oh, sorry. I mixed that up. Lectresol. An astrosol is short. Lectresol is long. Yeah. Lectresol. And Xemestane's pretty short like a day. So Xemestane makes sense. That's the one I think is smartest in terms of blood lipids. Okay. So that would be one. Yeah. If you're, if you're going to expect your test-ostroon, like an ENT data is sipping eight to peak 24 to 40 hours later, Xemestane the next day would make sense. So you're chur to matching the Xemestane levels with the testosterone levels. Yeah. But if you got another one, and let's say you're not doing your testosterone went once a week. All right. So you're not to worry about peaks and lows. Then you're not to worry about it. But that would be a one way to do it. Yeah. The thing would be then, let's say you're taking your Xemestane twice a week. You're just gastroon only once a week. Well you probably, if you're going to couple of them that way, you should probably make sure that you've got the same dosing frequency for both of those compounds. Your AI and your test. Yeah. That's good. The need to be three times a week and Xemestane three times a week. And your dose, of course, adjusted. So you have the right weekly dose you're looking for. So but with lectures all would matter so much. Right? Yeah. So it depends on which one you're using. Not the lectures all is the best to go with. But you know, yes, it's still strong. But smaller doses, you know, could also be employed. Right? Hey, can't say it over back when I mentioned your book. Can't say that vigorous Steve just plugs cuts book. Today in his video as well. That's cool. He said he was going to do that. So thank you, Steve. That's cool. How? Um, all right. What else do we have here? Guys keep commenting with questions. We'll be happy to take them. And over here on Patreon, we had some more capsaicin for metabolism, growth recovery. This is from Adrian over on Patreon. This is completely out of my wheelhouse. I, I'm not familiar with what capsaicin does besides being used as like a muscle rub. Yeah. I mean, it has some acts actions centrally in the brain that would have thermogenic effects. But he's talking about everything, right? Like, what do you say recovery? Metablas and growth and recovery. Metablas and yes, it's got some potential thermogenic actions. It's used in several supplements now. It's not extraordinary. It hasn't taken off. Sturderly well, but it does definitely have some effects there. Anything that's getting creachin metabolism then could potentially have a negative effect on growth, potentially. But I haven't seen like, I don't know if anyone is using it on a regular basis in high doses. We'd be like taking a fat burner when you're trying to gain muscle mass. Right? Yeah. You're kind of shoot yourself in the foot to some degree. Right? You want to have metabolism that's robust. And there was going to potentially vary in this way. There's this idea like you would take T3 during your off season to keep your metabolism running so to speak. Increase protein synthesis as well to bolster what you're getting from what I will use in increased protein synthesis. So to sort of jack that up. But if you're using a thermogenic, this elevator in Metabolic rate, that means you're going to have to eat more. Yeah. So you run into potential conundrums. It just me would be just spitting in the wind to try to say whether it could or could help. Okay. If you do more cardio to spend more energy, right? And then you eat more on top of that. And you've done the cardio in a way that doesn't interfere with your muscle growth. Then do you have a greater overall effect because you've got the catabolic effect of cardio, which you have to eat more and then you're eating more food and then you have more andabalism. You come out ahead. So people find that they do better that way. They feel better. They've got, in this case with the cardio, you've got the training effect too that could make it easier for you to train hard in the gym, which will work harder you've actually fed. So there's that thing with the thermogenic. Like say you have to eat to counteract the thermogenic effect of catacacase and you eat more food. Have more, or anabolic effect. That's just a conund cannibal. Part in the fun, part in the, part of my French is kind of theoretical bullshit. So I would save the, the, the, the, the fat burners, the those things that are thermogenic for one year focused on thermogenesis unless you're someone who for whatever reason, like just gains tons of fat in the off season. You have the hell the time taking off. For instance, like an example of that would be people who put on a lot of low body fat. I've talked about women sometimes who would take you him being during the off season to try to stay off the lower body fat accumulation. So you know, if you're someone who needs to gain gain really easily and you want to keep your food at a reasonable level and you do cardio to allow you to eat more food and putting on the muscle as an problem. It's the fact that you're worried about then a thermogenic might make sense. Something like a catacacase and if that is something that would work for you. So there's a rationale for some people. If you're a guy who, you know, is skinny as a being and can't gain to save his life, you don't want to, and you're buying that and never gets above 9%. Any health, you don't want to have cabsaicin in there. I wouldn't think. Yeah. You want to think speed and prepatables. That makes sense. What about Casey has won for us? And he says, oh, and by the way, comment from I just like this guy's name Chuck E. Cheese Ranch. He says, let's off guys. Love the deep dives into the size. I like that Chuck E. Cheese Ranch. Okay. So Casey had won for us. He says, Ed Cohen episode came to mind. There are correlations between neck, wrist, ankle circumference and the back to front torso thickness of elite power lifters like Ed. How does this affect how the load is dispersed? I read that question and I don't understand the first part, right? If there's, you let me look at the anthropometric measurements. They correlate and people have bigger rib cages, have bigger wrists, right? A more robust, you see a more robust, somatic type, so to speak, or a more robust skeletal structure. Yeah, is more uniform. Throughout, you don't see someone with gigantic wrists and then they have, you know, small neck. Something like that. Those things sort of all, all increase or change in parallel. The last part of the question. Can you read that again? This is what I don't, I'm not sure where he's going with what he's going with. Well he's with us here. So Casey, if you could restate that for us, we'll come back to it. See what he says to restate that. Because he's asking like, how is that load? He says, how does this affect how the load is dissipated? So I'm not sure exactly what he means by that. So we'll let him get back to us. Yeah. Guy taking, Sarah will help him fall asleep. Does all the sleep hygiene, advices? He does all, he's done all the sleep hygiene advice as well. Just got to have any opinions on any negative effect on bodybuilding. So using a medication like Sarah Quill, which is a strong, strong medication. You know, they're using it more for it's a, believe it's even used with like, schizophrenia patients. But I know it's used, cough, yeah, used off label to help with sleep. What are your thoughts there? It shifts, I just looked at this briefly. It, I mean, most things, most sleep medications will change your sleep architecture. In this case, it seems like it reduces ram a little bit. Okay. So, you know, you want to make sure getting adequate sleep. My thought is like, he says he's doing all the, all the sleep hygiene things is still something's, something's not in place. Something's, there's some reason why he's not able to sleep. So I'll go back to look at that. This is the acupuncture. So I mean, it's like, what's the root of this problem here? Why, why isn't he able to sleep? Is he, he's in stems and he comes back from, I'm not saying he does or doesn't, some people like I have a long day. So I have like, I take a pre workout before I work out right after work. Yeah. And so the night night. Yeah, I was like, okay, I wonder why you can't sleep 500 milligrams of caffeine and you're in your pre workout. Something like that. So I look at, I look at that first. It also has an anti-histamine effect. Oh. And yeah, and anti-histamine, I've just seen this has been, some of them that's been so stanchion, I think more lately, can have potentially have an impact on cognitive function in particular dementia. You're likelihood of having dementia or the, how early in your life you'll have dementia so the onset of dementia. So this is just sort of cross-sectional epidemiological work. People who use those, not just for sleep, but in general, tend to have issues with dementia. So he can look into that, that'd be something that, you know, it's not gonna affect his bodybuilding because that's gonna be, you know, decades later, probably when bodybuilding is way in the background, but that's something that considers like a long term side effect. But if he feels, I mean, strictly speaking, like, if he can't sleep, and he can't figure it out, that's gonna affect your bodybuilding. If he takes the Cerecwell and he can sleep better and he's more recovered, that's gonna help his bodybuilding. But in the long haul, it'd be nice to figure out why. For instance, you know, when he, if he does die down, to get on stage, we'll see just gonna take more Cerecwell. Maybe, you know, it makes really gets really hard to sleep when you're died and down. You know, so do you wanna do that? How much do you wanna take? I don't know much about that medication to be honest. I mean, I just knew that it's out there, but those are pretty strong, strong heads too. So, there's all sorts of like the true nutrition sleep aid is, isn't works pretty well for lots of people. I haven't used it. I haven't used it. I have to check it out. Yeah. Yeah, I mean, that would be something that, you know, he might look into. Nothing is, you know, side effect free, but that might be worth checking into. Yeah, I did a show a long time ago with Dr. Dean St. Martin. And he talked a lot about the supplements that would help you to improve your sleep quality versus leaning into supplements that would bandate it and just cause you to get tired, you know, or knock you out. So, you know, he's not a fan of using melatonin to help us sleep for instance. He's more of a fan of putting your body in a position to create more melatonin. You know, it's right to what his thought process is. You looking something up there, Scott? I was, but that's all good. I was looking at my notes here to see if I had any melatonin. Very. He doesn't use any caffeine. Let's see, this guy. Oh, okay. Yeah. Oh, wait. It's a different guy here. He's in the live stream. He says, no matter what, I use, I don't know what this is. This medication. Oh, it's Ramron. Yeah. Super low dose for sleep. He says, he also doesn't use caffeine after three p.m. Huh? Yeah. I mean, I'm big on whenever possible. So you're at what's going on. I think in the long haul, I mean, I have something that's really some life situation that's keeping you awake. Yeah. And in the long haul, let's say you solved that. You figured that out. So you know, I need to talk to my, my ex, I need to talk to my parent or I need to talk to someone whatever it is and solve that and get that out of my head or I need to go do therapy, you know, the bigger picture. And then I can sleep. And I'd rather like, I'd rather do that than use a patch, you know, your end date to help someone sleep. So body building and PE, PE these, they're, there are things that can be used. I think to help people actualize if they've got everything else in place in their life. It's like, you know, it's like adding, I've got a car that I've built. I'm kicking ass and taking names. And I want to see how fast I can go. Yeah, I think this. But if you have a flat in your tire, right? And so the things, you know, flop around and you can't drive on the road, my thought would be, hey, stop and change the tire. Get a new tire or fix the tire or what have you. As opposed to, you know, how can we patch that up? Now in the short term, you know, your six weeks out from a show, you got to figure out how to sleep. You've got this, let's say you broke up with your girlfriend two weeks beforehand, right? You want to sleep, you want to get ready to get on stage? Yeah, you patch the tire up. You're in the middle of your race, right? But in the long haul, change the tire. You know, it's changed the tire if it all possible. And then you got, then you being the car are in a better place overall for whatever else you want to tackle in life. Because those things, those things that manifest and inability to sleep are probably things that are manifesting elsewhere in your life, psychologically or otherwise, it may be not aware of. This has been my experience. And then working with people too. And let's get to the road through the problem. So Casey's back, and he said, load is dissipated better. Okay, nobody in top lifters is, he says, pan caked out, not in the gear sense. Nobody is very flat back to front, not from muscle, but from having a bigger ribcage in hips. Ed Cohen, being the goat of powerlifting, is built like a mailbox. I still don't understand what you're trying to say, man. I don't understand what's the question? Yeah, say, he's a thick guy. I think he just answered the question. OK. He just gave the answer. So the load is dissipated better. Better. I think does he mean distributed better? Disappated because dissipate means just kind of dissolve away. Right? Like it sort of vanishes. I think he means distributed better. Or I'm not sure. I don't know how to answer that. Because I don't get the question. Then I'm not sure how to look at it even from a scientific. I'm not a biomechanist. So this sounds like it could be a biomechanics question. Yeah. Let's see what else do we have here? Let's see if we can have anything in the Patreon. OK. So how about this one? Manufacturers, recommendations of a file of quick pen of humalog is that we should dispose of it within 28 days after opening, even if there is insulin left. Is that actually required? Or is it similar to 10 millil, it's excuse me, I can't speak apparently. 10 milliliter vials of tests where the manufacturers recommend disposing of it after 28 days, but we regularly go beyond that without issue. I wasn't sure if the temperature requirements of insulin make a difference. Thanks, Dr. Scott and regular Scott. That was the regular Scott, on it. I didn't know, have you seen that a 10 millivile of tests should be used up in a month? Never heard of that before, because I've gotten a 10 milliter vial of tests that's meant to be my next 10 doses or so. And weeks, right? So that's longer than 28 days. So I haven't seen that before. I did find a couple papers. He can look them up. Richter, RICH-T-E-R. It's a copies review from 2023, thermal stability and storage of insulin. This is, they just say, once open of our cartridge could be stored at ambient temperature. So room temperature is for approximately four to six weeks. The problem is the contents of the cartridge are no longer sterile. So even if using a quick pan or what have you technically, you've punctured, you're ejected it out during the injection. But there's some possibility that you could get bacteria in there. And that's the idea. So that would be one of the reasons why 28 days of opening is because you're running it. And this is, they say four to six weeks. So 28 days would be four weeks. They're putting on the safe side, right? At room, temperature, insulin does really, really well. Really? Yeah, let me, let me, I forgot I had this. Because I looked into this, let me see where I are right here. I'm going to send you a picture real quick, look we can put it up, Scott. Sure. Time to put it on. Time to put it on. It says that that's what my prescription bottles all say. Mine included mine actually says 21 days. So I wonder are these oil-based products? Are they water-based? Interesting. Doesn't make it so much sense given the nature of the prescription. Yeah, yeah. I can see that with a water-based insulin, but that said, I'm going to tell you right now, though, before we get into the paper here, you've got Scott, the study you have for your, or this chart. But real life, I don't know many body builders to get rid of that insulin after 28 days. Yeah. It must people keep it in the fridge too. And that's going to help. Yeah. So this is, as it says, or this is the paper, is decided there from 2020. You might want to make it bigger. I think so on what the people are looking on their phone. But what they did was they looked at the units per milliliters to the concentration over the course of the 86 days. And it pulled this up just like a month ago. I think when you're first in this over two weeks ago, I guess. And basically, at 37 degrees Celsius, which is body temperature, all at M in 400 degrees Celsius, which might be your fridge. If you look at all these versions of insulin, down the mean columns, the percentages are all above, above 90, and below, as I see, is like 97.7. So basically, there's zero breakdown of insulin over the course of 86 days. There's much 86 day, 15 times or 86 days. So insulin does really, really well at room temperature, 22 degrees Celsius, body temperature, even, or in the fridge, it holds up really well. And I've heard people finding a file of insulin in their desk, years later, it's like, shit, I didn't know that was in there. Why did I put that there? And it was still good. It was still fine. So I have a client who was type one, and he leaves his in his nightstand. He's just got a drawer, not just keeps it there. And he's checking, obviously, his blood sugar, and he needs the stuff to survive, and it's still working for him. Yeah. So I think I know that it's interesting that Tani said that too. So that must be like a cover your butt situation, that there's some risk of bacterial infection. It is funny how this is a whole their topic. But if that is what that is, that the legal system is basically injecting part of the pun, the logical statements into our mental system is like, here's your 10 weeks of ply of insulin. You used this up within 28 days. Yeah. It's like, oh, okay. What we all made it, why don't you give me a volume or an amount that would fit within the expiration date, the quote of what expiration date of the prescription you've given me, that makes zero sense. So that's probably just, there's probably maybe something I have to look that up. That's interesting. I'll try to check, try to remember to check into that, because that's the only reason I could think of why that would do that is that you might have. There is a risk, of course. Especially oil, you've got it, something could be growing in there. Well, oil is going to be more sterile than water, right? Oh, yeah, right, right. But still with oil, the water, that's I think the insulin is 4 to 6 weeks. And oil would be even better. Yeah. With those, it's interesting. You've got a bigger gauge needle. You've got larger, well, it comes on the person. Trying to think there's obviously the dosing is different with testosterone and oil versus a smaller amount of insulin. That's true. That's true. Yeah. So the possibility of bacteria getting in there could be different. Sometimes the rubber on those bios, because you've got benzobenzoid in there and benzlochohol, that can have an effect on how easily bacteria could get in. So that could be something that's going to vary as opposed to insulin, which doesn't have, I don't remember everything that's in there. But I think it doesn't have the quite the cost of chemicals in there. So you don't have a problem like you'd let a pile of testosterone in and they'd sit around for a couple of years. And that rubber jobber could be pretty fucking bad. Right. Yeah, yeah. And insulin, no, that won't happen. So that might be part of the reason why you could get bacteria in there more quickly. I've used gear that had set for a really long time. I had a couple bottles of liquid deep-all that now we're unopened. So they were unopened. They had never been punctured once. But we're talking like expired in 2018, meaning that and it was a huge yell. So they put like a three year, two year on it or whatever. So that means I'm probably bought it in like 2015. And I just used it within the last year. So if they was still good, nope. That's with it. You know, I'm sure. Yeah. I wouldn't imagine that would dig to great either. Yeah. But yeah. Hey, Courtney, they're spurkins with us. He said, you said train to client. So I am watching it with a one hour delay. So he says yes. So let's see what else we have here. Do you guys have anything on the stream here in the questions? What else did we get? We got the 500 gram one of protein. And maybe they let us see questions for all of that. Casey didn't follow up to Ertiddy. Let's see here. I'm looking. I'm not seeing any. No, he didn't say anything else about it. But he's still with us because he commented about something else. He said that his packaging says to store, and I show him means insulin, 39 degrees Fahrenheit before opening. And then store room temperature after. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. All right. Don't dare put that back in the fridge. Keep it out of the fridge afterwards. All right. It doesn't matter either way. But yeah, who knows what that is. Interesting. It says expired insulin can be donated to certain programs. They give it to people in need in third world countries, for example. Oh, that's cool. IFL USA accepts donations via mail. Uh-huh. That's interesting. Interesting. So send your old insulin to. Yeah. Yeah. I have to leave a thing. You see if we have anything else here from the street or from the, uh, do you see what else? Yeah. I think that was the last one we had on Patreon. In case he never told us what was going on, Michael Devaro's with us. You should see this guy's gym scout. He has like all the nicest machines like prime and arsenal. And he has a whole pull barn set up. It's literally he has a commercial gym set up in this pull barn. Out in Indiana out in the country. Uh-huh. Yeah. I thought about doing that and people can see some shots from my, from my gym, from my barn. And I just, I got everything I need there. You know, I mean, it would be nice to have all those sorts of things. But I just, it's not a problem to just do work around and, you know, you kind of get used to it. Yeah. Yeah. It's, it's nice to have that stuff when I do go to a gym. Um, but I'm completely content to be able to get everything I need in from home. Then again, though, my expectations of a good workout have changed now as my, my, my older years have hit me because there was a time that I had three different gym memberships. And I was going here to train legs there to train back. You know what I mean? You know, where is it like my gym membership thing? Right. It's right here somewhere in this pile. You got a lot of metal moving over there. Is that it? Yes. Oh, yeah. Exactly. I've kept some of these, you know, just to keep mine here. But this is like, yeah, these are, this is over the last decade or so. I mean, those are all gym passes, huh? Those are all gym passes. Yeah. That's funny. Not at all active, of course. But these rain rain longer exists. You'd have to be rich to keep all those gym memberships, especially with today's prices. We had everything's going up. I know. I know. Yeah, it's just kind of cool to look back on some of these gyms. Oh, good old days. Yeah. I'm trying to think any other questions. I think that's about it. We're good hour in now. So we could call this good. We got, okay, I have one other thought that, what's that? So someone sent me a question. I mentioned to him, I think it'd be okay. If I brought this up, I thought he was just kind of joking around. He looked, he saw a post from another podcast I had done. And he sent me the question. He says, so progressive overload is not just increasing volume. Right? And I said, I said, no, no, it's not. I thought he was just joking. But he actually had that impression just from consuming probably what the algorithm has brought him. And this idea now, of course, it is one way of progressively overloading. But this idea, and I think this comes from Renaissance Paradit Paradit Paradit Paraditization folks. Yep. And other wise, is that the way you would progressively overload is by sequentially adding sets to your workout. Right? And that's the way you would do that. That is progressive overload. And this notion of adding weight to the bar or getting more reps with the same load wasn't even in his consciousness. Right. And this isn't to cut on him at all. I had no idea. I mean, he may have just started lifting the last year. The thing that's crazy should not blame him for thinking that. Right? If that adds to the content he's consumed. That's content he's brought. And it's interesting that the content would be so presented to him that it wouldn't be contextualized in another way where he would know that progressive overload could mean various things. Right? And I've talked about the nuances of even like creating a creative, creative, overload by adjusting how you execute your movements. Right? In terms of speed or mind muscle connection to a had you. That was a big change for me, figure in that. Yeah. I know. That's why I bring it up. Because we talked about it so much. But I thought that absolutely fast. I need to, I need to, I need to at least bring this up on the podcast because 20 years ago, most people would have thought progressive overload. But all that it means is getting stronger. Or you can have your loads and your training. And now, things going to go in cycles. Now people are getting the impression that progressive overload does and involve that at all. It's just a matter of adding sets to your workout. And that's how you created. We created a volume overload. I thought that was really fascinating to get. That's how kind of how I, one way I can kind of keep my pulse on my finger on the pulse of what's going on in the body, going where I thought that was fast. I just wanted to bring that up. You get another question? Yeah, we had a couple of them here. One that I missed was, and I see Tanya, you just threw them on up. But toned with Tij, says, any thoughts on why I get so sleepy immediately after consuming weight isolate, even when adding fats, etc. Always feel immediately sleepy is way super insulinogenic. Ha, it would likely be less so. So I'm just running to read that question again. You just liked it. You less so when fats are added. But yeah, it can definitely be adding fats immediately. Yeah, I noticed that's interesting. But I haven't eaten a lot and then I've taken in a way shake, usually if weighs on its own, I'll tend to go hypos from it. Yeah, a good hour or so later. What I've been, what I've been led to believe is that even though, you know, it protein, we don't think of protein as being something that's going to have like a big insulin spike. But because the nutrients are hitting your bloodstream so rapidly in the form of way, the body does read that in the body will release more insulin than say if you were to eat, you know, a solid food protein instead like chicken or something. It's all going to happen at once and then that way leaves the body really quick, you know, and my blood sugar's not any higher. It's, yeah, I've noticed I'll start getting cold clam, you can get like a minor hypofact from a way shake. That that's the, the meat asses some of them are more insogenic than the others. But yeah, absolutely that that phenomenon can totally happen without it out. It's interesting that when he's doing this tone with TJ could be a woman I guess, too, but like immediately sleepy. It could it could be too psychological thing if it's like, okay, now I finally got some food in me. And I'm not hungry. Now I can just kind of relax and take an app that can sometimes happen to. If it's that so yeah, I could, but the hypod I see me thinking wouldn't happen as rapidly as what it seems like this happens. Yeah, this person just after taking in. Is your family member poisoning you? Is that going on? You know, you're getting, you're getting, you get in dose with something each time. Oh, you know, that's happened though. There's been, there was a case where a woman was like slowly poisoning her husband or something. Like that, she was putting, putting arsenic in his oatmeal or something. I don't remember what it was. Yeah, so that probably wouldn't make you sleepy. But it just feel like my stomach is really bad. No, yeah, yeah, yeah. It was just, it was just getting sicker and sicker. Yeah, you know. Yeah, and he didn't know why and like they, the doctors couldn't figure it out because who would thought he's getting arsenic in the system? It's a little bit of a time building a slowly day every day. Yeah, don't forget to eat your oatmeal. Oh, man. Tanya, she says, what's your experience with paradoxing? I don't have much. She was in one of John's, John Meadows fat burners. It might still be. So it has another stimulatory effect. He doesn't act like a stem, but it has an thermogenic effect. So I think it's pretty expensive. Okay. Yeah, yeah, grains of paradise, parties, corn, extract. But I haven't tried it out like individually, but as anyone of John's and there's some research suggesting it can be effective. Okay. But my experience is pretty much nothing except for having tried out those just just to try it. But I never used John's, whatever, it's since they're all the formulations of since change. I don't know if it's your in there still in there would be honest. They may have taken that out. They stream line a lot of stuff. But she's, I don't know, that's probably one that's legal in Germany. So that's probably part of why she's asking because, like for instance, you can't get, you him being is not legal there. For instance, okay. Yeah. So, and importing stuff is kind of a big no-no. So like if I've had people want me to send them supplements from the US, and that's kind of, now you can't do that. Yeah. And get yourself banned from Germany, Scott. You can't have it. Yeah. I know. I know, right. So, but yeah, I haven't got much experience, but it does seem to work on paper. There's a couple. I could send her Tanya, Schickmeer, and inachlique and done Schickique, dear. I need to expel the mentor. I need to put pure that to. So I'll send her some papers. Nice. Nice. Some studies. All right. Well, listen, I appreciate everybody hanging out with us. This has been a fun way to spend our Sunday morning. And I'm excited for the next episode, Scott. You've got some great insights for us, and I'm going to look forward to that one. You're a good geezer, man. Nice. Well, I didn't really tell anybody anything, you know, but you guys are going to want to tune into the next one. Because there's just, you know, we have ideas that get brought into body building. And sometimes there's just people just take it for granted that this is, oh, apparently we never knew that you've always been doing it wrong. We hear that, you know what I mean? You've always been doing it wrong. You didn't know, you know, what you, what you always have done wrong with body building. And then all of a sudden we just adopted this new idea and we're like, oh, okay. And I guess this is what we do. This is the truth. Now we know the truth. Well, sometimes the truth isn't the truth. I look forward to digging into this next one with you. And here in what you have that. There's uh, to that point, there's an article I wrote for a lead FGS some years ago. And I think this is some of this is in my book too, but about knowing who to trust. Right? And if you say something, and this isn't, sometimes people are intentionally trying to see even sometimes they may be to some degree. Yeah. But the way in which something is said has a tremendous effect on its believability. And I started off that article. I could find this. I don't know if you want to spend the time to do it. I could find this quote that I completely fabricated about the mechanism muscle contraction. Yes. Yeah, and I'm, yeah. Donka, I know that one. You know that one, right? Let me see what can. I could find this quote with book. It's here. It's not here then we can just let it go. But I, I created, I wrote this um, completely facetious. Here it is. I said, what a fire to write. And this is, uh, here's the quote. Mineral such as iron, zinc, and trace amounts of boron begin accumulating during embryonic development and the tissues that later differentiate in the skeletal muscle. These metals form the basis, the contractile, machining that and abuse muscle cells with his force producing ability. And adult mammals, dietary deficiencies in these elements have been associated with the variety of myopathologies and muscle weakness, whereas iron, zinc, and chromium supplementation produce muscle fiber growth, including hypertrophy and hyperplastic adaptations, even in the absence of external load. And I have three references in there. Smith, J, and Doj, genetic and dietary control of a million embryonic development, muscle tissue, journal of significant results. D's and balls, muscle plasticity, structural and mechanical bases, archives of histocamistry, and the last reference is, Tate D, Meadows, J, Starns S, Doug Dell M, Superior A, Hill, KS, Super Physiological Mineral Supplementation, Dooses, Murray, and Muscle Largement, and Microgravity. Come fully nonsense. I made all of that up. Obviously, the references are complete, complete BS. Sounded real to me. I'm really impressive, right? Yes. Because I just, you can just, if you, if you want to, you can contact, you can really believe a bullsh**. So anyway, that's a funny article. Don't just trust me as the name of the article. It's good. I go into pretty good stuff. So that's good. And I look forward to hearing what we talk about next time. So guys, we'll tune back in. Of course, this show comes out every other Sunday at 11 o'clock. AM Eastern Standard Time. So we will see you in two weeks. Scott is always thanks for everything. You're certain, man. Likewise.