kind of depends on your goal, but like I've got some of that's have in breast augmentation surgery and my advice to her was let's do five milligrams. I said let's base everything off BPC just so it's really easy and I don't confuse you. Let's do five milligrams of BPC for per day for the first 12 days and then we'll probably cut it back to one milligrams of BPC. So in that intense phase they're going to get five milligrams of BPC per day, five milligrams of TB and 20 milligrams of geodic copper. One, two, I think there was eight incisions. There was like one up high in the package side, one down here and then one on the inside and then you can still see like just the bear you all little tiny scar, but they were just little incision there and little incision there and then they just sucked all the fat out and I still remember seeing the tube thing get filled up at like five a first thing in the morning is in there and suck it on that fed up. But yeah my packs would get just striated. 12 weeks out man packs are like whoa. What's up guys welcome back to Blood Sweat and Gear with Coaches Skip Hill and your berry myself Scott McNaley all of her programming is brought to you by you the people of Patreon and we do have a bunch of Patreon questions. They including a physique critique. We are also brought to you by Trunutrition.com user code think over there for additional savings on high quality third party test and supplements all your basic protein powder, creatinine, get the team's split skip protein blend. We're brought to you by supplement source.ca4 Canadians they do have great deals that change week to week and guys we're just going to dive straight into listener questions. Basically this is the stuff that all three of us do non-stop. Right like answer 4.7. It really made it all day long. So that's for Sunday's for skip Sunday is skip stay off Sunday. Yeah unless I get an email all my clients know if you need something you don't I don't want you waiting and you're not imposing on family time. I will respond but I will not set up notifications to my form because my phone will literally blow up. Not gonna happen. Yeah I would you say Friday Friday. Yeah. And I got a you know except for of course if you are working with competitors and shows are always on Saturdays there are definitely situations where like I'm still working with people and of course I put the podcast up on Friday so that's like a 630 to 1030 in the morning thing so it's part of the day off but anyway we're just going to fire straight ahead into listener questions from you guys today and I'm going to start with Patreon because we did have a bunch of stuff there that we had collected. It's not okay so this isn't a real common one but this is Adam and Adam and actually been to my house I remember when he first started to wanting to learn how to train. He came out and we did a push day we did a pull day and we did a legs day like not back to back but like he came back out a couple weeks later a couple weeks later put together a home gym he was extremely obese and he ended up getting the uh can't remember exactly what it was but he had a stomach if it was a if I pass like a band something like that. Liper's gothic band. Yeah and anyway though he he used that to catapult himself forward made like I've seen him since and I'm a well he doesn't even look like the same human being. He's been consistently training for years now you know he's he's very meticulous he's followed all the podcasts since then and he's been his own bodybuilding coach you know he's done a great job. So here's the situation he says former fat guy that has lost a hundred pounds and kept it off for years now. I'm looking to get a tummy tuck due to the loose skin. Have you guys had clients do this and if so any tips on the process before surgery prep etc. Thanks and I know we do have some guys listening that are dealing with loose skin they probably want to hear about I guess just a loose skin topic in general you know. Let me ask is he he's going to get the surgery to remove the loose skin is that right that's what he's looking to do yeah he called it a tummy tuck so I assume that tummy tuck reverse tummy tuck with a loper they pull down okay yeah I just I just wonder because he may be referencing it in either way the the setup I guess or the plan going in you know I always tell my clients sure same thing with gyna surgery it's it's a lot of the same thing be lean. Yeah matter how experienced that surgeon is give them less skin to play with and to get it cosmeticly nice you know looking nice the leaner you are the better off you're going to be in the situation like that so um can't man there's a lot of procedures out there they can do it on your back now too. Yeah because a lot of times the lower back you know I don't want to have looked into it but I paid attention when other clients have because I'm like you've had clients that have done it. Yeah yeah or have looked into the procedure in depth and one of those things from the back is a lot of times it's categorized as loose skin versus we all tend to think as we age oh we're carrying more body fat it can also be the triggering more body fat don't get me wrong but the skin is following I mean I'm old enough where I can go hmm when I'm in the off season or if I'm flat and I'm lean underneath my pecs doesn't look very horrible so then I I'm going to be honest with you it's to the point where these are the things that masters levels guys do okay here's a here's a gem doing a front lat spread if you're not full you better make sure exaggerated smile doing exaggerated smile right now and tell me that you're oh you can kind of like let's get your lips it will take away to the face underneath wow your pack so if you're not going to smile for any of your poses but that was the smile for a front lat spread it's a game changer from a from a old guy skin standpoint typically if you have loose skin in the stomacher you're probably going to have a little bit of loose skin under your pecs so there's a there's a there's a freebie wow but I was how to get a lean how are you gonna prep for I mean you know you always want to make sure that your skin is elastic as elastic as elastic as possible and hard time getting that when I hope for some reason and something as simple as a minor zinc deficiency can play into the elasticity of the skin as well so there are minor things in there but outside of getting lean I really can't think of anything that's that's big I mean am I missing something I'm thinking more post surgery in terms of peptides like GHK copper BPC there's another one I learned about just the other day I was just not the same way we got with you I got that yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah I have it started it yeah but I'm looking to experiment with it I use the injectable and I also use the topical okay to try to fix some of the wrinkles in my face okay but how long have you been using it for now maybe wow so here's the thing you know I've been traveling so much and I always forget to bring it so there's like four days during the week right don't use it so it's kind of like the guy that goes into PT and like I just PT working and the guy had given him like a ton of exercises to do on his own and hasn't been doing them so I can't give it a fair shape PT doesn't work man yeah you do it exactly no I did two minutes of it last week and it's like what your sheet says to do it four times a week 10 reps you know three times a day or something you know yeah oh and it's with us he said it was a gastric sleeve that he had that's gastric sleeve nice yeah okay that's not bad no but I I would definitely try the GHK copper I would definitely try BPC 157 collagen intake post surgery I think that's probably I don't know if I'd do it before because I think you want to let the doctor get as much loose stuff as possible and get you as tight you know we'll call it a tight fit as possible and then afterwards really try to strengthen yeah you know I I rarely ever have talked about this not because I'm like ashamed but it hasn't come up very much I had Lapo done it was like oh is that right really yeah I Lapo done it was really really early on into bodybuilding like a couple years in and it's because I had pseudo gyna comastia okay just being a teenager yeah being a kid and I remember to this day because like nobody tells you what gyna is at 12 years old you know what I'm saying and I didn't get gland thankfully you know so that wasn't an issue but I remember like I had this it was like a polo polo versus sweatshirt and it had the little logo embroidered on it you know and that was right on my nipple and halfway through the day I'm like oh I was there yeah and it was freaking hurt man to the point where I'm like I guess that you're supposed to wear I didn't I'm like I didn't think about like well this didn't happen before but for some reason it's happening now I didn't like make that connection I just went like I guess I'm supposed to wear a t-shirt under this basically you're trying to protect yourself you know so yeah I didn't know what that was and honestly then so looking back at my my dad's side of the family too a lot of the men are like very heavy chested it was very genetic yeah so it wasn't until I got into bodybuilding and I heard about what gyna comastia was and I started putting these pieces together and I'm like oh and so I'm feeling like for gland thankfully there was no gland right so then I discovered there's something called pseudo gyna comastia that you can get as a teenager and it never went away in fact I might be flat honest like that was the that was the reason I started lifting weights because there was a lot the pecs more and yeah I was like well confidence and I was like well because my shape of my peck isn't round now there's like a divot here and then it drops down and it probably wasn't nearly as bad as it was in my head you know what I mean but I was like I need to I need to make that round or I need to stretch that out so I started lifting and that's literally what got me focused on bodybuilding it like 13 years old and but I still like I said it no so when I was getting into bodybuilding seriously and I learned about gear I started looking into surgery and I think it was back then it wasn't that expensive it was maybe like a thousand bucks to get lipo done and this was by a well-known doctor in my area and it ended up going really like it went really well got rid of the fat and you know it never had it again and then from there you guys went here something crazy whenever I would get in shape my chest would get lean first super lean yeah super lean because you get rid of those fat cells you don't have fat cells there anymore and there was there was like I can't remember one two I think there was eight incisions there was like one up high in the package side one down here and then one on the inside and then you can still see like just the bear you all little tiny scar but they were just little incision there and the little incision there and then they just sucked all the fat out and I still remember seeing the the tube thing get filled up like five a first thing in the morning isn't there and he's just sucking on that fed up but yeah my packs would get just striated 12 weeks out man packs are like it was cool I never looked back you know that was something too like I didn't have a lot of money I think I made eight fifty an hour at the time and I saved that money up in order to do that procedure because it was that important to me man that stuff it if it's as your head do body image stuff you know or in high school I'd same exact things got my neckdios moose it was moose to it oh god because I had one of them that was so nice oh it didn't even bug me I'm just like yeah I'm still bigger than you I'm still stronger than you you like you know I'm the kind of person that you can and I wish it happened more because I think people think oh the big guy like I can take I can be the brun of a joke I can be I can take it you know what I'm saying and I think a lot of times bummer and family situations or friends and stuff people be Josh and making fun of each other and I'm trying to throw some stuff in the tube but rarely does it come back at me and I think maybe it's because people realize it doesn't bug me or doesn't even it doesn't dig at all but you know I never had it I do remember in my teenage years though as you know this is back in like fifty two that could name I can self deprecated well but the jerseys that we were for basketball was also baller shot caller anyway um we would have to wear band aids on our nipples because it was that thick uniform material that when you ran it would jump up and down or you know you the shirt would jump up and down and it would just rub your nipples raw so we have to wear band aids and that was back during the real short shorts like Larry short some of the head the buckle on the front you know yeah it was okay you asked me what I watched so when I'm eating I watched YouTube short skip and lately I've been just going to town on Larry bird stories because he was the biggest shit talker at the whole time and he like there's one story that got me the other day was it's tell us later tell us later tell us later we had a bunch of stuff we we're doing our best on this one you're like oh wait wait wait yeah we're just trying to have a conversation with my friend here but Scott playing principle we're going to have a thing I was sorry guys I'm sorry Dallas later we want to hear the Larry bird story I'm making a note right here actually pretending to make a note right now all right is there anything else that we should cover on this I mean I do think though that yeah this kind of stuff is super common I will add that from what I understand any type of skin removal is considered to be a pretty invasive procedure the skin is the larger store getting your body and so it's considered to be like a pretty major decision for some of you it's considered to be a pretty major idea of a big amount of time oh shit okay get us the next question so to be careful with that all right so I'm going to put you so let me also just say don't ask us ask your doctor yeah there's that ask the one that's done about a thousand of these procedures not three guys that have never really had the surgery of the exception of Scott yeah all right we had another one here okay duck dane aka Justin who's with us in the stream as well he said he hit enter too many times so instead of like one cohesive paragraph there's like a line a line a line a line a post a post a post a post a post this is Justin one of them says though that Andrew is an effing wizard so he says thank you let me read these all backwards here starting at the bottom what do you guys think about this combo for rebuild I'm sure others would like to know if you agree or disagree what would be recommended doses after my life I hit enter before I posted the peptide he's nad plus GHK copper BPC 157 and TB 500 just want to know the mix and if it's plausible for increased recovery and then next post Andrew is an effing wizard and then next post my name is Justin by the way so to our to my favorite listener just I'm gonna say I think you know and I'm going off of conversations I've had with peptide people and I think a one to one ratio of TB and BPC and then I 40 to one ratio of GHK copper to BPC so for an example a bottle would be something like 10 milligrams of BPC 10 milligrams of TB and 40 milligrams of GHK copper okay it makes sense and then how much to take is probably what is next question is kind of depends on your goal but like I've got some of this have in breast augmentation surgery and my advice to her was let's do five milligrams I said let's base everything off BPC just so it's really easy and I don't confuse you let's do five milligrams of BPC for per day for the first 12 days and then we'll probably cut it back to one milligrams of BPC so in that intense phase they're gonna get five milligrams of BPC per day five milligrams of TB and 20 milligrams of GHK copper. Now I don't know what his thing he says is this possible any decrease recovery. Well if you were yeah I mean it sucks to get out of bed the morning and have you joints creaking and to have inflammation throughout the body so absolutely you also mentioned any D plus I think right you did yeah okay I'm not a huge fan of any D plus because the amount of comments and you know responses I get from clients of the injectable form of like I don't want to do this anymore it really burns it hurts or I feel this crazy hard rush as soon as I inject it and I feel like my heart's gonna flutter for a minute and it's true it does you know so I actually like the oral form I don't know if you guys have used the oral form and I'm normally injectable guy I have been using you I've been using and and I'll tell you what if I do a hundred milligrams of NAD plus fasted I feel like heart palpitations for like the next 10 15 minutes so I actually cut my dough down to 50 and I'll tell you what I feel great like throughout the rest of the day so I couldn't tell you how I felt it's when I was sick with that bug and you know running it then but yeah so would you say it's worth it? Absolutely yeah absolutely I mental community better energy yeah I definitely those are the main things I would say all right um we got another one here in Patreon our the majority now I asked Keith from Parabolic if he'd chime in he didn't have time on this but we have talked about it so I've got some thoughts he says on the majority if not all peptides made in China even for the US suppliers from friends I got access to a reputable lab but still a little hesitant definitely going to send it off to test so my understanding is that there are US labs there are obviously Chinese labs I know that the company I just mentioned does have US stuff they also have Chinese stuff which is not as doesn't cost as many bananas you can get it for less banana we'll put it that way you get it for less bananas for the Chinese stuff but what Keith had told me is that the main thing is dosing inconsistency that he's seen through the testing that they've done and that doesn't always necessarily mean that like oh it's Chinese it's under dos sometimes it's overdosed you know which could be a problem right if you're getting a product that's like like semi-glutide you don't want to take twice as much semi-glutide as you meant to take you know I'm saying you know it all sounds finding good like yeah give me the overdose file you know get more you know but yeah some of the stuff we don't want to take more I think we're probably all that age where we don't want anything overdosed we don't we we want to know that we're paying for what we're getting it's accurately dose so we don't we're just not making mistakes yeah same goes with clients too you know yep yeah not even goes to with like taking risks in general you know it's like if we if I have a client that we we had some compounds he's newer to gear we had some compounds that worked that have worked really well and he wanted to try new stuff you know and my thought is why don't we take the compounds that work really well and let's now lean into them right because like I know we can do a lot more with them and he's like well I want to try this new thing so we add the new thing in and he can't tolerate it he's having a terrible reaction to it so that means that now a month into the cycle we're now retooling you know and I mean it's like we could have been taking the things that worked didn't just smoothly pushed along and been you know five weeks into a really good phase right now you know yeah all right Ray had been waiting patiently for us live stream he said as coaches how do you market yourselves to clients if you weren't as successful in your bodybuilding careers for example how do you ran bod wasn't a successful bodybuilder like his client filled heath well that's kind of I mean no one has no one's better than fill heath you get fill heath as a client and then you yeah that's how that's how you get good yeah we'll care to explain how that happens how he got started or do we want to leave that one alone go I'll say this at least in reference to honey we're not going to be able to start out the way honey did it's a different game yeah it's a different game and there are things that were done and situations that he was in that he kind of I don't want to say got lucky but it's a matter of networking and things like that so how do you I'd rather shift to how do you get to the point of training high-level athletes or high-level bodybuilders if you are not a high-level bodybuilder I don't know I think everybody's story is probably going to be a little different but the parallels are just going to be that you have done work that has gotten noticed your clients move up into the higher ranks and they talk and they say oh I'm working with so and so it's a it's a game of referrals you're not going to and tell me if you guys disagree but you're not going to get high-level clients by posting on social media and showing before and after pictures at least not directly it's it's a game that you or situation where you move through and you climb the ladder and the referrals and the word of mouth if you will get you to that level you guys disagree with that answer before you say anything I would like to introduce you on this topic you know I remember that message I sent you the other day I have to say that I've watched you coach now for a good number of years right and I've watched your skills as a coach progress and I've watched you grow as a coach and really put yourself out there and push it I've been watching like the season you're doing a lot of traveling like you are doing that work to like do all that stuff and really push yourself to be that guy and I've seen your client hell grow as is a result so I'm saying this more as an introduction to say how are you doing it now? Well yeah thank you for that. I think well let me just first also say that a lot of times when people associate big name coaches they're only continuously getting already made Olympians they're just kind of passing around whether it's aceto, amy, or honey and all these other coaches that people are considering big name coaches they kind of got as gifts basically what skip was trying to say is they had a leg up because they were some of the first in the coaching game so the body builders that were anybody at that time went to those people and then they developed a reputation so and I like to say they get the opportunity to just tweak for our ease they don't never have to work on Ford Mustangs and and and and even dodged darts and and you know Toyota four runners and stuff like that if you get one if you get my reference right but I think you know for me obviously meeting someone like John Meadows was crucial to my development not just from a watching and learning and mentoring standpoint but also some exposure by being invited to feature the clients I was working on on his website and then I will also say being a part of this podcast you know you're getting some visibility right so thank you to you Scott. Okay my pleasure man. Yeah and then but honestly I think you just have to do the work and you have to continuously accept that you don't know everything and you have to continuously accept that you're willing to learn and not be dogmatic in anything because I mean you're gonna get clients that might look similar on paper but they're gonna vastly different physiques vastly different metabolism's vastly different phenotypes etc but in terms of like the marketing thing yeah I mean I was I started posting everybody transformations contest peck pictures and it does kind of grow like for me I started local as a coach it was you know once you bring two or three guys into shape your name kind of spreads into that circle and the state that you're in and the people that come to your state and the next thing you know you're kind of a regional coach where you're I'm coaching a lot of the New England body builders and athletes and then you start to bring athletes to the national level and from there something like skip was pointing out someone had a great experience with you and someone to say from California reaches out to that person be like hey I'm kind of looking for a new coach it seems like your coach is pretty on the ball and you had a good relationship with them tell me more about them and then that person takes takes a chance on you and then from there just kind of continues to develop as you keep bringing athletes into the national level turning people pro is obviously key and then continuing to bring people into the pro stage I mean 12 or 15 years ago when I really started this if I thought that on this weekend I would have five pro athletes on a pro stage which is what's happening this Saturday I'd have been like get out of here man if I have it in one pro like I've made it you know I'm I'm the coach of the year if I even have one good pro this week and I got five pros and it's it's a casual thing now and I don't say that lightly like I don't like I don't really feel the gravity of it but it is it's it's it's it's my day to day now and it's because of all the work leading up to that so for all the younger coaches continue investing in your education continue finding good coaches to mentor under and just honestly you got to work with physics you got to work with bodies and you got to keep putting people out there and learning from your mistakes and getting better and honing your skills yeah I mean I think that's what it is very well yeah that's covered it very well and I just want to point out too if it sounds contradictory I did say indirectly getting any of the viewers yeah exposure of any type the more exposure you get the better that's why I have always told people if you can get a chance to write especially this going then right and people will say well that doesn't get anywhere near the attention that a podcast doesn't it that's not the point you will still reach people who still want to read or would prefer reading especially if it's detailed information because they can go back and reference it some people are just different so I want to hear it somewhat to the visual of it some people want to read it so cover all your bases and the more exposure you can get the better definitely but the indirect part was just that yeah I don't ever want to say that no posting before and after sign up on social media is not a good idea so I don't want anybody to think that that's what I was saying I'm saying no one's going to be scrolling like a top level guys I'm going to be scrolling through Instagram bro oh yeah okay I'm going to go with this guy that's that's more what I would say yeah you're you're loading more to the relationships side of things in the word amounts like let's say there's a good upcoming amateur who's a friend of say a top pro or a you know a top 20 professional bodybuilder out there because honestly I've got a couple that are in that the ballpark and just because of the relationship and what you did for that person bring in them from point A to point B that person the third person I was like I'm looking for new coach this guy's on the ball he's paying attention he's getting back to him because honestly you guys would be amazed some of the stories of top level coaches that aren't getting back to people for three or four days and these guys are these guys are two or three weeks out from pro throws I mean I hear him every day I'm in many group chats and I was here's my mind if my coach didn't get back to me yet like two three weeks out from the show I mean well so yeah I was going to throw a blow someone up and I'm not going to do that's not like I don't like to be negative you know what I'm saying because I don't know all this the situation but but it's yeah I'll just leave it at that but that's part of that word amount you know yeah it's easy to see oh man this is the condition but we're in a different time now where those relationships and whether you're being taken care of as a client whether the communication is responsive those types of things matter huge equally as important as getting they assume you're going to get them into great shape work with somebody because oh yeah he's really community and responsive oh but he's here to miss and getting him now that's not that's not actually skip it this 2025 and I do think there are some people that like to just be heard versus necessarily. But yeah and to your point though from the last episode where we talked about how twenty years ago a coach could just bark the orders at somebody and ignore all the other fluff stuff right and today as a coach you need to be up on digestive health, you need to be up on hormone health, especially for females. You need to be up on adrenal health. You got to be up on some level of mindset coaching on top of all that. You're kind of the guy that has to keep dangling the carrot in front of your client's face to keep them motivated for whatever phase they're in because we're in some instant gratification time period where I just did a show, I want to compete again in six months. And it's like, yeah, but you're not going to make the progress, then you're going to get upset with me when we get the same result. So you really got to, you really got to bridge out and explain to them and show them the whole process of what progress really looks like. And I'll be on. I think I've been sick of that. With that side of things, I'm happy to help people to agree, but if they're not going to see it, I'm okay with being like, well, you're getting, go to Andrew. You got to Andrew. And that's just where I stand as a coach. You know what I mean? I'm like, yeah, yeah, we're not a good fit. You know, if somebody needs a lot of that, but I think you're absolutely right, I was just going to add to that I think I started in a lot of the same way you did Andrew, locally. And I, part of, I wouldn't say it was luck, but I, yeah, one, it wasn't luck. I just remember, I remember initially helping people because I was in a position where I was doing well and people asked me questions. That's where it really started. People said, like, oh, how do you do that? You know, and how did you get like that? And that's how it developed. And I remember listening to Dave Palombo say in like 2003 or so, he said that if you, if you, love what you're doing, keep doing it and eventually it'll make you money. And I literally didn't know how it would make me money, but I kept answering questions. And then I started answering questions on the message boards. And then people in the gym started asking me for their help. And then they wanted help with shows. And then I started helping a couple of people compete. And I, like, literally my first coaching was competitors. And then from there, like those people would do well. And, you know, it's that, do good work. I think that's the other part of it, right? You know what I mean? Like, do good work. I had clients that freaking look inside out peeled. And this is like the beginning of men's physique when people still didn't quite know what was going on yet. And I died in them like body builders. And we got like inside out peeled. Like a bodybuilder would, and guess what? They won every show. So then more people wanted to start working with me. And I became like the men's physique coach. Because I didn't intend that. But like, before I know it, literally my leg day, I had like a troupe of guys that would come and train with me. And there'd be like three of us in this group, and three of us in the group on the machine next to us. And we would just rotate. One guy's off the machine next guy's on, next guy's on. And we were just push like that for a couple hours, two, three hours straight. We did long workouts back then. But they were like all men's physique guys. They trained like bodybuilders. They ate like bodybuilders. And that's how it developed. And that's even before it went online. But I would say it all came back to like doing really good work. You know? Can I add one more thing? Because the answer to the question, you know, as directly, how do you mark yourself to clients if you weren't as successful in your bodybuilding career as like the bodybuilders or the athletes you're taking on? I can't think of anybody builder with maybe the exception of Milos, who coaches high level people that had, will call an a-list career and bodybuilding. You know? But it's great. Can you guys think of anybody that, um, boosts a, let's say a top 20 bodybuilder at any time period or top 20 physique athlete in any division that, there were guys that look really good like a cito looked incredible. But it's not like he was Mr. Olympia, you know? Yeah, no. That's what I'm getting at. And my point is, and it, I mean, Bill Bellachek wasn't that good at football. Yet he's got, they should ton of superpulse. Any coaches, some of the best athletes in the sport, you know? And then the last thing I just want to end on is that, and this is something I tell me, I wake up every day and it's the first thing I think of. And it, I legitimately do. When I'm opening my emails for the first, you know, it's kind of like my, whatever called routine. For people that, you know, want to go try level people and, and then have a stable of general population, people too. It's almost all do not take anybody for granted, you know? I'm not the most expensive coach out there, but I do know it's hard to go to Mount and it's your pain for a service. And I just tell myself, do you not take anyone's time for granted? You know, there's some people that aren't going to take it as seriously as you want them to, but they're still pain. So I still, I'm going to get back to them the same way. I'm going to get back to somebody that's checking in every day on the ball five weeks or three days out from a show. Yeah. I like that too. Hey, before we forget, let's give that shout out. Got this line right up here, Andrew. Oh, yeah. That's my man's said. So, you look, this was the night for the show. This was, we brought him down to the gym around, this is almost like midnight. And we just wanted to do like a 25 minute pump workout because I want to push a little bit more food at him. Okay. And he just got a mind blowing pump and looked amazing. And honestly, he still got great aesthetics. I'm blown away by his obliques and his serratus. Like that's like hotty type stuff, you know? But yeah, no, Sid placed third at North Americans in the heavyweight class. I was honestly, you know, obviously I'm a Homer, but I was surprised he didn't win. When he woke up that morning, I go, dude, we're going to win the whole show. And shame on me for assuming. But yeah. I mean, he was just on and every, he was the most bodybuilder, the rest bodybuilder there. Meaning, he was the guy that looked like he was ready to go to the next level and would fit in on the next level at a pro stage in my opinion. Yeah. But yeah, no solo plan for him is we are going to grow a little bit more. He's going to be a true super because we had the choice when it came down to Wayne in. We were, you know, do we drink a little less water? Do we drink a little more water? When we get on the scale, we're going to be a super. You're going to be a heavyweight. And we opted to go with our original plan of staying heavyweight. But he's probably going to be a super at USA's next year. Okay. Wow. So not push on, not hold on, dude. I mean, because the third place you're right up there, right? I tried to push him, but he, so he's very close with his family and they have evocation in Mexico. You know, I think it's literally the five days before nationals. And yeah, while he, well, he could, this guy is like, to the point, if you say 200 ml's a water, he will put it on the scale and he will measure out 200 ml's a water. We're not 211, not 199 and he will make it. Yeah. I mean, attention to detail is on another level was said. I mean, I stayed with him for three days leading into the show. And literally, I will say the easiest peak I've ever had because of his attention to detail. And our communication, you know. But no, so the plan is to do USA's next year. Well, we should get sit on the show because not only does he have a great physique, but he is also a huge fan of the sport. He'd be great to have on for a preview show, but because he knows everybody, you know, he knows the details of all the bodybuilders. He'd be really good at that. Absolutely. Yeah. I definitely invite him on. All right. We should do that. All right. We had a bunch more questions still. I'll stick with the stream and then I know I had one from YouTube, or excuse me, Patreon as well. We haven't even gotten to YouTube questions, but definitely guys comment on YouTube with questions and your comments, your feedback, all that stuff would love to hear from you. Tell us what do you want to see on the next show? You know, that's really what that's about. Plus, then of course, that stuff helps to boost our programming up. And if you are new here, if you haven't hit the subscribe button, what are you doing with your life? I love to have you long for all of our stuff. So hit that hit the bell. All that Ryan says for skip, since he flavors, since he favors master on along with TRT to boost effectiveness. What dose of master on do you typically prefer? He says typically he's running 175 to 225 of tests. And he says, Scott and Andrew, your input would be appreciated. You got to turn your mic on, skip. I know it's your first podcast, but it's like I'm like I'm learning. I'm like I'm a newbie here or something. Thank you. That's twice in the same day. You know, 200, 100. I think so. And so maybe I don't know, 2 to 1 ratio of, you know, tests to master on. You got to play with it. You might have to play with it a little bit just to see how you respond to it. But it's a, I don't you guys in the same neighborhood, 200, 100. Yeah. Maybe 250, 100 in there. Yeah. I'm not telling what I do is I'm a fan of daily injections. And you know, most of the time I'm on 20 milligrams of test and 10 milligrams of master on predict. Yeah. So right, write the line with the same 2 to 1. And that is much daily. I'm being honest just because typically when I'm running TRT, one of the nice things I like about TRT is I don't have to do as many shots. But I also prefer my TRT in insulin pins and they're just take forever to load. It's just little drip, little drip. Oh, he's a little surge, little drip, little drip. So what I do is when I'm dicking around watching YouTube video for a couple of minutes, I just load up 7, I'm for the week. And then, okay. You know, so it's like, I'm listening and I'm, you know, this is probably the most consistent I've ever been with shots. Okay. I mean, with the exception of like contest prep, right? But you know, because we all talked about offseason, you're like, oh, shoot. I forgot to take my shot today. Yeah. You know, you know, you think you're going to go into the gym after you've missed it for a couple of days. Yeah. Yeah. That's the difference. Yeah. Exactly. Yeah. You know, I used to do the test mask thing years ago. And any more, I find that it might as HBG just get so crushed. I start feeling really just crappy. So I, I have to just run just straight up test. It's a, you notice a difference when your S.H.B.G is too low and you feel, yeah. And I didn't think it was a thing, man. I didn't think it was a thing. But I start feeling like it's almost like the zero test feeling or zero estrogen feeling how like it just, I feel really letharchic. Just, just off. Yeah. Yeah. It just gets, and for me, it's, it's a, it's a, the long term. If I were to run, if I have like, you know, baseline everything's normal and then I were to run some mast, I'd be good. But if I'm like, just a little bit of mast long term, that's when it starts catching up to me. So yeah. All right. We got a physique critique too for the show. And you know, back to back. This is another guy that I work with. And I am really excited to see what you guys have to say. So if you guys are part of Patreon, feel free to comment over there. Let me know that you want a physique critique. I know we had somebody Chris will get you on the next show, man. Yeah. Let's definitely stay in contact. We'll definitely get you going there for the next episode. But this is John. And we were about eight weeks out from his first show down. He's a head. Yeah. Yeah. And I want to try to keep him that way too. You know, Scott, you do a great job of getting your people head. I've noticed like, oh, this guy six weeks out. It's like, well, it looks like he's three. Or someone so was, you know, 10 weeks out and he looks like you could be four or five weeks out. Like, consent you. That's excellent. That's what I, you know what, man. I learned that for myself, the season I competed like all year long in 2017. And what I discovered was that I was in shape in September. And then I competed again in October and in November. And you know what, I just got better and better and better. There comes that point. What I, here's my game plan with him is I want to burn him down now, right? So that we can get to that point that he needs more food. Eventually he's going to get to a point where we're no longer five more minutes of cardio. Oh, let's remove a cup of rice. You know, we're going to get to the point where we're going to have to put more food in. Let's do another high day. And then we, you know, he loses a pound. Okay, let's do another high day, you know. And before you know it, he's eating so much food going into the show. He's like comfortably, right? Like he's even high level of food where he's not hungry. You basically pulled the cardio out except for maybe to like keep the food digesting. You know what I mean, keep movement. And then stress is so low versus the opposite of that being when I first started coaching, like or when I first started learning about how to prep for a show in 2008, 2009, the idea was that like you had to, you could only, you got to make sure that you peek at the right time. Yeah. You don't want to peek too soon because you can't, no, do you hold that peek for a month, you know. But you do have to have that iron will. You know what I mean? You just got to have someone that wants results more than they want food. Right. Yeah. You know, start adding those carbs in. That starter starts. He's already got check. Come back to that side, Jess. Just second here. Yeah, he's already got like, petstrations, his glutes are invisible, his serratus and a bleak serviceable. Like, what's his weight and what's his height? You know what? I could pull it up. Let me just ballpark. Just ballpark it. He's taller and he's got to be about 230 right now. I can't remember what is height is though, but he's in a situation where like, we're not even worried about weight class nothing. So, yeah, is he bodybuilder classic? He wants to be his ultimate goal is, we'll see where he lands, but his, for this, but his ultimate goal is to be as big as a house. Okay. Come on. So, yeah, good condition, good structure. Yeah. Condition, yeah, I'm just a condition, but we've been working. So we've been working a lot on back. What do you think, skip about? What would he need to bring up for the off season? Well, being a bigger guy and being taller, I mean, the back is never going to be too big. So there's that. It'll take up more space. Got a long, a little bit of a long torso. So that's going to help with more back size, too, but. Need to arm. Yeah, yeah. Need to arm. Back. Yep, more arms and back. Yep. Yep. But pretty good. Balance, good balance. Yeah. Yeah. But I would definitely from the front more, more biceps for sure, from the back, just just more density. Yeah, just overall more density to match the frame, because the skip set is a taller guy. And I know this all too well. You know, your back might look good when you're sitting there, you know, but when you stand up in your next another athlete who's four to five inches shorter, you just look sometimes a little long gated and a little bit stringy compared to some of some of the other athletes. But I mean, how old is he? I can't remember. I'm going to say late 20s. Oh, well, I'll come up late 20s early 30s. I bet the next two years are going to be pretty amazing for him, honestly. He just runs out. Dude, we started. So we started working together. I think it was around the beginning of this year. And I immediately was able to just start getting food in him and getting him to grow. And we kept the good, like pretty good conditioning while adding size. And we worked really closely on his training. So his training is like real dialed in super focused, beautiful control. And he's invested in his own home gym. Like he has everything man. You want to go to Hammer's strength machine. He's got it. You know, he's got like literally all the machines in his house. I want to say this. And it would have pissed me off, or did piss me off when people told me this when classic first came out. This gentleman should definitely think about classic. I, you know, I don't know if the pro car is something he's interested in. But I could see him. Like with this current physique, maybe a little bit more back density going to get a pro car next year in a classic division. Just throwing that out there. Yeah, lines are real good. Shave everything. Yeah, certainly. You know, one of the things to I don't think is quadraterably big. But he's got lines for days. Yeah, beautiful lines. So and I'm not saying they're small. I don't want anybody. Sure. He comes in section. Joe, I said you're a small. Yeah. Well, that's the thing when you're tall, right? Is like when you actually measure the quads, like I remember I'd mentioned my quads next to my buddy. He was like five or three. And his look bigger on his frame, but you do the math on him. And it's like, nah, I got like five inches on your bro. Yeah, you know, it's just when they're elongated like that, it doesn't appear as, you know, out there as around his big. But definitely by steps from the front is, if I were to pick him apart, you know, which I know he's kind of asking for. Yeah, it's a little more by steps, you know, more by steps and more laughs and more, uh, Ron Boyd's and Terry's and just, yeah, I actually like his legs a lot. Yeah, I'm a fan of his physique. So it's going to be fun to see, you know, how's it going to come together? Our super hyper critical real quick. Yeah, there is probably something a little bit of it's not an impingor with some type of scapular limitation on his left side, which is our right side, minor, but there may be something there with soft tissue work. Show it from the back again. See it as much from the, yeah, a little bit. Little bit. Yeah, yep. Yep. So that is something and that's I say pretty easy to fix. Pretty easy to fix from a soft tissue sample. He may find that he's more even in more symmetrical left and right if there's something that is bound up in there, Ron's gap. I'm going to be interested to see the way those glutes look when he's in shape, because I feel like, because I was asking him, I was like, is that down at the bottom? Is that soft there or is that tissue? I think that his glutes attached to the low. That's tissue. Yeah. That's tissue. Yeah. Yeah. It's a crazy low glute attachment. You know what I want to see on him is his last spread. His front last spread. I wonder if he has. I bet it looks nice because just as being a taller person myself, when you have that longer torso, it just makes you look wider and your waist looking even more narrow. And your shoulders are good. Yeah. So I'm going to get into that front last spread probably does look pretty good and very class. Yeah. Yep. I wonder, I'm going to see if he has any of these other ones. Hold on, give me just a second here. Yeah. Because he had some in the gym to go through these really quick. So those are always, you know, morning fasted pictures. I'm not sure if he has anything that's. So yeah, he looks a little more pumped up here. It does. But I don't think he has a lat spread though here. Okay. Yeah. Back looks a lot better with that fullness in it. Yeah. John, it'll last spread man. It's good. I guarantee he's going to be one of your best poses. Yeah, he's he's over on the West Coast too, like the Pacific Northwest area. I forget the show that that he's doing off hand. I forget the name of it. Oh, I think I got an athlete. How many weeks out is it? It's a around eight. I'd have to look. But I think I got a female doing it. Might be like the Northwest Championships or sounds that sounds like it. Yep. Is it like Washington or yeah? Yeah. Yep. That's it. Yeah. Okay. All right. Awesome. See if I can whip you a couple questions here, guys, for a whip it. Wicked good. All right. Just dive and straight in. Andrew, how do you take your 20 milligrams of test daily? Do you use an insulin syringe? I do. I am so cute. I am put it right in the delt. Usually you're dealt. Sometimes if I'm sitting down, I just throw it right in my quad. Those are the reasons I ask is because I'm telling you, sub-cue and oil don't work well for me. Yeah, I don't like it either. Oh, like it. It feels it's not like an abrasive mat. It's just kind of like a rubbing something's in there and it's in it's irritating. Yeah. Skin a little thicker. Yeah. Yep. I know some people love it and they say, I don't feel it, which is, you know, that's like anything in body building. What works for someone doesn't necessarily work for the other person. It was Dr. Chrysler here in Michigan that started suggesting that years ago. Remember Dr. Chrysler? It's good. Yep. Yeah. Like the all men clinic or men's clinic or is it something like that? Yeah, I don't remember it from like back when I was there. But I do remember that. Yeah, I was like in the, there was like an online presence, right? Sure. Absolutely. Now I did not know that he was from Michigan until you just mentioned it though. Yeah. Yeah. So, but in I had a, or I had a friend who was one of his patients. But yeah, he started the subcube thing and back then he was having people do it with just a straight up, you know, three C C syringe just in the morning. Yeah. And they would do like the full C C of tests just pop that in or whatever your weekly dose was. And his reasoning was is that it was like the slow release. It was even slow and even. All right. Um. So it's the information. Yeah, right. It stayed for a while, too. Okay. Ages. So the question. This says ages definitely a legit variable when it comes to everything, training four times a week, working sets for everyone. Recovery and injury, quad tier nutrition, gear, etc. Scott, please consider talking about this. How does age impact training and bodybuilding lifestyle? Well, well, though, we tried to do that on the last episode. We just, we got into it and we didn't feel like it. Yeah. Oh, I think we're all disgruntled because we're at that age where things aren't as fun as it used to be. Yeah, exactly. Oh, we got a little bit more hate here. So back to the meadows topic of gear. Mm-hmm. Uh, and he's got a legit point. But what about the meadows, HGH dose? What about it? It was, I mean, he's talked about it. So, you know, I'm not spilling any beans here. Right. But yeah, I mean, he did, he used a fair amount of GAs, but it wasn't like, you know, 52 weeks a year. He was running a bottle of Sarah's Dem, you know? Yeah. It was more like, um, if I'm if memory serves, you know, I think leading up to a show. I think he used, you know, you're around something like four units, most most days when he remembered. I mean, should I remember being with him four weeks out from the auto classic and we were watching TV or going, get ready to go to bed and he's like, oh crap, I didn't take my GH today. You know, he still looked for an amazing, you know, I mean, it's, um, but then, yeah, you know, I think I said told you guys the, the, you know, he had a suck down. He looked amazing at 232. So he had to do two, 12. So he had to lose about 20 pounds, right, to make way. Because he knew with his heightened size overall, he wasn't going to do much damage as an, an open body builder. So such a good move for him too. Oh, I mean, now he's already the dry sky in the planet. So him having a sauna and having to sweat suit it and get down to that way. I mean, it was something to see, but yeah, no, he would, um, he would, as soon as he made away, he'd do a nice little pump workout or he'd get his water back in him, he'd do a nice little pump workout. Usually go have something like a burger and fries and a dessert. And then, um, you know, he maybe another clean meal before bed and then he would do 18 to 36 units of CH and sometimes another 18 to 36 first thing in the morning in that fullness, which didn't really look like it disappeared, came back even stronger, I should say. So yeah, he put, you know, two or three hundred dollars right in the abdomen, uh, like, worship. Yeah, we, or he has never made any claims that he was low GH. So no, you know, we're, we're just pointing out the fact that, you know, you specifically Andrew, that's why you're trashed in the comments. You know, just stating that the AAS use was lower than the vast majority of people, what anticipated it was. I would say it's probably lower than 98 to 99% of IPB pros that stepped on a first age. All right. Yeah, I would say that I would put a million to art. I put a thousand dollars on it because I have a thousand. I don't know, but a million. Yeah, that's it. It's a billion. But yeah, you plan on losing it? Are you not telling you? Yeah. Yeah. Why do you put a million dollars down? You mean you're going to win? Yeah, no, I mean. You know, if it isn't worth nothing, it's something else. Yeah, and then someone was like, well, he didn't build his physique like that. And it's like, well, you know, yeah, he did what all of us did in his 20s and early 30s. But everyone's got to remember, he had major health complications. We put them out of the sport for multiple years at a time. He was not blasting gear for those time periods when he was rebuilding his gut and his digestive system. So, and I want to say that was what mid 2000s, 2004, five, six, something like that. Because they know it was shortly after intense muscle came up in 2004, because he talked about it at length for a year or a long time. And he was a national level body builder before that. And he was a national level body builder when he came back. So, yeah, it's funny to me that the takeaway isn't, you know, from from these viewers, well, why they don't just, you know, the age, the wisdom, the experience, tells him to come back and not do those bigger doses. You know, there was no denying, I don't think he would deny or had denied that he used heavier, you know, or bigger cycles earlier early on. I'd be curious because I don't know, even what those cycles would look like. But, you know, I got to talk about it. Let me see, he talked about him to talk about it. Let me talk about some of that before I heard some of it. I can't remember, like I, it's not like a commitment or a memory, but I mean, I got it on a spreadsheet. And I'm like a computer. Like the legit old school body building cycles? Yes. And it is nothing that would anyone raise their eyebrow at the day. And so, oh my gosh, that's why you go. So, yeah, correct. Yeah. It's none of that. No, it was very comparable to national level high level athletes that are gunning to put on good size and to compete at a high level. But, I mean, all of it's the same doses we talk about, guys. It's, it's nothing different, you know. I mean, I think that's probably where I got a lot of my PED modeling from is, is, paying attention to those types of things. A head documented in kept track on spreadsheets and whatnot, which he gave me all access to. And learning from that, you know. All right, got one more here just because he says, love the podcast by far my favorite on your channel, Scott. Question for the next episode. Currently hitting chest three times per week eight sets per, for a total of 24 sets per week as my chest is lagging. Do you think it's a good idea or stick to two times a week, currently in a deficit to add context? I don't like it. Well, but I would say you're already doing it. So assess, are you progressing? Is it getting or are you starting to feel beat down to where you're in a train, your rotator grabs their body, the need of your shoulders are bothering you. The progression isn't there, then definitely back on. I'll be surprised to say it three times a week at that volume. If you're training hard, I'd have a hard time unless you're gifted, genetically, that you're going to be growing a whole lot. But maybe you are. I would also want to ask are those eight sets all the failure or are three of those sets to failure? And eight of them are, you know, feeder or, you know, not fluff, but just they're they're working sets, but they're not all out grinded into are they eight rest-poss sets that you're doing or are they? But I agree with Skip, I would say if, you know, you don't know until you try something. And just because no one else is doing it doesn't mean it's wrong because if something works, then it works, right? So I would say, and also to talk about what Skip was saying about, you know, your rotators are, how does that manifest, right? To me, you're doing too much if you're going to try to train your back and you're doing pull downs and stuff and your shoulders just ache or you're trying to do other body parts and your shoulders are hurting constantly. To me that tells me you're probably using that joint system a little too much. Yeah, if you're training by the sense, and you're like, my shoulders are on fire. Yeah, there's your sign. Yeah. Yeah. I remember, um, so that year that I mentioned 2017, I learned a lot of stuff that season, but my, um, my bicep tendon was just bothering the hell out of me and what I discovered was that and I was doing like the five day bro split and I discovered that, so if I'm doing four exercises for chest three exercises or excuse me three sets of pro exercise, I could do two good exercises, but then anything after that, my shoulder would start aching. So I really just like did like flies and pumped it in, you know, phoned it in for those last two exercises. So I said, well, what if I just did two exercises on Monday on chicken on national chest day and then later in the week when I do my shoulder day, I did the other two. Huh, okay. So I did that right and I ended up doing that through the whole season. And here's what I discovered. So I didn't increase the volume right, adjusting increased frequency and keep in mind to at the time this is a year into podcasting with Scott Stevens and now Jordan Peters and they're all about high frequency low volume. And it's like, and here I am training with Shelby, right? We're doing three hour workouts and squeezing things and you've got the the metals bands out and all you know, so very different But I'm trying to figure out like how that high frequency stuff might work. So I thought, okay, here's a place I can try that. So I did that the whole season. First thing I discovered was this that I could do two exercises. I could push hard crazy, you know, my good intensity and then cut it, no shoulder issues. And then come back and do that again a few days later. And so then I'm saying to myself, so I think that all of my volume that I'm getting in now is way more productive probably 50% more productive, right? Because now I'm able to do this hard two times, you know, all my sets are like the first set of the day, you know. So that was one thing. And then the second thing is after the season was over, I remember talking to somebody who commented and so this was like, and this is a long season. I started dieting in February. I was in a deficit all the way through November and competed multiple times throughout. After that season was over, it was like January, February. I had some current pictures and was talking to somebody who commented, well, your chest is they're commenting on like what I could we're talking about what I could bring up. And they commented that my chest was a strong point. Like what my chest has always been average at best it used to be a weak point. And I looked at my pictures again. And I was like, oh, you should. My packs are the best they've ever been in my life. Tells you something. In a deficit for like, you know, have most of the year, right? So there was no additional volume, but I changed the frequency and the, I mean, you could argue I changed the intensity too, right? So I'll leave it to that. Oh, again, it goes back to because I believe this person's asking is it right? Is it wrong? And you were probably questioning is it right? Or is it stupid to do? Yeah. You tried it. You committed to it for a period of time. You assessed and you said, hey, this did work. So I invite the listener to continue doing that. And if you run into the issues that means give her a run, talking about, then, you know, it's probably not at least for a long term, something you should be doing, but at least you find out. Right. Yeah. Yeah. I'm with that. And I'll I remember too, is that my chest day was real short. Yep. You know, you know, not think about it. I did a abbreviated version of DC training like that. Like, it was like two exercises. And I did it like every third or fourth day for upper body and every third or fourth day for lower body. And then took a day or two off in between. And that was those. You know, I thought, but this little volume and I wasn't even doing rest pause. Then I was just doing. I think two working sets, trying to match reps. And I was blown away at, you know, a how good my body felt. Like the joints probably felt better than they ever have in my life. And I made a lot of progress. So yeah. Try things out. All right. I got a note from a listener on text actually before we go, I have to find to this email from John John sent me a 30 email. Oh, there it is. There's the last spread for skip. My man. All right. Let's see here screen share. I think you can do a better job at this last spread. But I think that's a great start. Yeah. It is a good start. It looks what I like what I thought it would look like. Me too. So it's good. Yeah. It looks like it looks like it looks like a little more. Yeah. There's a little bit for your greed. But he adds to he says, please say thanks to the guys for the kind words. And skip was actually right about the congestion and the right side of my back. If Andrew has the name of his client, I'd love to say hi to her at the show. He didn't expect me to read this, you know, on the podcast. Yeah. If you went all given that information later, if he's okay with that. Sure. All right. All right. Look at that. We wrapped that up. We did an actual show today, guys. We're actually we still have we've still got it. Skip, do we still have it? Oh, we still got it. Thanks for tuning in, guys. We appreciate you being here. And thank you guys for taking the time out of your day. I know what it's like to be freaking busy with all this shit. And I'm grateful that you guys take the time to share your education and hang out with us. So thank you to both of you. Thank you. And for another episode of Blood Sweat and Gear Guys, we will see you soon. Check out Trinutrition.com. Code, thanks supplement source.ca for Canadians. Of course, thank you to everybody from Patreon. We guys, we did you a whole like a whole Patreon thing today. So I hope you appreciate that. And leave us questions for the next show, comment on YouTube, all that stuff for another episode of Blood Sweat and Gear Guys. We'll see you soon.