What's up guys? Welcome back to Blood Sweat and Gear with Skip Hill. Andrew Berry, I'm Scott McNally. All of our programming is brought to you by TruNutrition.com. You can use our code think for some additional savings on high quality third-party tested supplements. You can also go to supplementsource.ca. If you want to support us from Canada, they've got blowout deals on label changes, overstock, data products, plus all the regular stuff too. Skip is just blocking a hammer in that. Is that a shake? Skip protein. Is it relevant? That's good. Hammer in there. So we have like a gazillion questions. Literally, that we're going to try to answer here today for you guys. And by the way, you guys have been killing it. Like everybody on YouTube, everybody at the Facebook group for think big Patreon. I've got like a ton of questions from everywhere. So we're going to try to get through them today. But but really quick though, I wanted to tell you, I got a chance to go to Chicago and I got to work out in with Chase Irons. You didn't get a chance to meet him, Skip. You weren't here for that. But Andrew did. I'm aware of who he is because he listens and he asks questions and he knows seems and no, shit from a YouTube channel and everything else seems like a good dude. Dude, that quad gym. I mean, I've been there a couple of times before. That's got to be in my top three gyms that I've gone to. That place is really cool. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I've been everywhere in the world, you know, but I like it a lot. How would you rank it? Because you've been, I've been to both two, but I think you said you've been a Montenaries before, right? No, no, no, I haven't been to Montenaries. And I know that that's really good. Oh, yeah. Okay. I've been to Bebs. No, I haven't been anywhere East Coast, man. I mean, all right. Did you have been to gyms yet if you haven't been to East Coast? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. They have a lot of good stuff. Do what? I only say that about the East Coast gyms because like you could be in contest shape, like, literally, the show is like the next day or next week. And you're going to one of these gyms. And you might not even be the best athlete in the gym that day. You know what I mean? Like you're already a good establish bodybuilding. You look around your like, oh man, that was just got never even seen them before on Instagram. And you're like, he'd probably trash me on stage if he actually guided down just a few or weeks. And don't you just see that everywhere on East Coast gyms? I believe it, man. I feel like there is some bleed over to here in the Midwest. You know, like I think Detroit, we've got that. There's like that what I would say watching bodybuilding stuff is like that East Coast hardcore work ethic versus we think about like the California gyms or the guys have got it easy and they're in the sun, you know. And I've been a lot more out west than I have out East. Like the furthest East I've ever traveled I think is Pennsylvania because Florida doesn't count. Florida is East, but it's not really considered. You know, isn't that weird? We don't consider Florida. Florida. Florida is its own. Yeah, I don't think. Right. No. Well, it's not only Florida, it's South Florida. Because I was excited. It's just like, when should get north of Tampa, it's my as well be Georgia. So yeah, we had a good time though. I did change to meet an IP pro that was trained in there, Pete D.A. Go. He listens to the programming as well. I mentioned that before we got a live here and Andrew, you said you saw him actually turned pro a couple years back, huh? Yeah, I think if I remember correctly, it was the 2020 nationals. If he's a welterweight, right? Yeah, it was 2020. He said and he, yeah, welterweight. He's getting bigger. So he's gained a lot of science. Well, the welters for both of us. Both the USA is in Nationals that year were like lights out. And it's like rare that you say, dude, did you see that welterweight class at, I don't know. But like they were like the talk of the show. Like the welters were, and obviously they're always going to be peeled because, you know, they're the cutoff between the middles and the, you know, lightweight and whatnot. But just the conditioning that all of these guys brought in the development, especially in the lower body and from the back, was just incredible. Like three or four of the guys when they came out for their individuals, they turned right around their first shot and they started hitting back shots just because it was that impressive. No kidding. He definitely, yeah, he won this card in a good class. That's cool. Yeah, that's really cool. Yeah, so he said he's going to do his goal. He's working with Andrew Vu, and he's going to do Chicago Pro of next year. So he's taking that time to grow man from 2020 to 2023. That's a, that's a pretty big, you know, that's a pretty good offseason. You have a lot of time to grow. And he was a big guy. We took a picture together. I'll put it up. It doesn't do him justice because his legs are, they're definitely pro quality legs. There's no questions. So they were training legs too. So we got a chance to hang out with him and his training partner Drew, who was like just a couple weeks out from his first show. And I guarantee you, this kid, he's going to have, I don't care who else shows up. He'll have the biggest legs on stage. I think he'll be, I think he was late heavy, but he'll have like, he's got good, this kid's got good legs. And you know, pretty awesome for his first show. It was cool, man. That, that gym is amazing. You know, overall, like, it's a, it's a, it's a curation. And I'm sure that like, Bavs is like that too. It's a curation of equipment. It's not like they're living like, hey, let's just bring, you know, whatever, hammer strength in and just put all hammer. Yeah. So anyway, like I said, we got a bunch of questions. Skip, you're in, is it Milwak? Where are you? Milwakie. Milwakie. What's that, is that a Milwakie hat? Yeah, some of Brewers had it was at the game last night. We got blown up by Philadelphia. And I say we, I'm a fair weather baseball fan. Yeah. Okay. That's why I say, I, yeah, I'm referring to Milwakie. I'm a fair weather baseball fan. I'm just a baseball fan. If I'm in Colorado, I'm a Colorado, Rocky's fan. If I'm in Miami, I'm a Marlin's fan. I just want to see good baseball. So what I'm here, I'd done my Brewers gear. And I sit behind the Philadelphia bench because I want to be closer to the dugout. And it's hard to get to say it's right by Brewer dugout. So it is what it is. That's cool. And I know your daughter is in labor right now. So, you know, fingers crossed. Yes, she was. Last, yeah, she was last night. And they sent her home because she wants to do it natural. She didn't even want to break in her water. Which is cool. It's totally cool. But after she has a couple, she'll be like, I'll take the potatoes and let's get this shit done. Give me the drugs. Right? Yeah. So she said a doctor's appointment right now. They're going to strip her membranes. She's already having contractions five minutes apart. But it's her first one. So it could be still another 42 days. I might be here for a while. I don't know. All right. I think today, I didn't think. Glad you could make it here to knock these shows out. And guys, as I always say, you know, we're all full-time coaches. This is what we do. Skips being coaching for over 20 years. Andrew's been coaching for 14 or more. Now, I'm just behind him at 13. So we're here today to basically share our education with you. Try to help you with these questions to help you do better at this sport. And you don't stay safe in the process. I had to start with this though, because this was a topic that came up over in our group. Joel had asked. He says question for Scott, skip, and all the other prep coaches here. Dusty mentioned the use of one of those instapot pressure cooker things to prep chicken outside of shorter cooking time and possibly a more moist product. Do you see any advantages to using this method over baking chicken? And skipping I got into a heated debate about this. We're not really heated, but we figure we could talk about it. I'm all for it, man. But skip, you're not a fan. I'm just not a fan because I just care more about the prep time. I prep my chicken one week at a time. And I said this when you and I were talking about, I've always approached food during the week as kind of like, and this is outside of skip loading, obviously. But I just approached it as I just, it's going to suck and I'm just going to choke it down. And I liquify whatever made I'm eating and I eat it. Every now and then I'll switch to scallops or something that's tastier if I get, or I eat tuna steaks raw, I eat tuna steaks things like that. But as we all know, that gets a little expensive if you're doing plus, you know, the other thing is to a thing in a carton, dominant carton, where if you eat too much fish, you know, he's a classic case. He got mercury poisoning bad and didn't know what it was till he found out. And we found out it took a while to clean it up and now he's health again. But you have to be careful with your eating things like that too often. So with chicken, I mean chicken zeal would sand by. And so it's easy to prep. You aren't likely to get any toxic effects from it. And I prep that shit once a week. I just don't give a shit what it tastes like. If I was going to eat it meal to meal, then I would do something like, because it would, it would taste better, it'd be moist, it'd be great. And then other people like, like, cooking, you can make it good. I'm not going to spend that much fucking time. That's just me. I'm not not going to do it. You're just not going to do it. You can prep a bunch of shredded chicken for the week the same way you would. Like when I was using it, I was putting like nine or 12 chicken breasts in the thing. And I would use it for the week and just pull out. Was it as moist and fresh as the, you know, when it was first cooked? No, absolutely not. But I think the shredded, well, my whole thing is like, hey, if you like the food, you're going to eat your eating, you're going to stick your plan and you're going to digest it better. Because there is studies that show that when you, when you enjoy or you're looking forward to eating what you're going to eat, you start producing talent, which starts a digestion process. So right off the bat, like if you can get a little bit of digestion from enjoying what you're eating by the manner and you're cooking it, the seasonings you're using, the extra veggies you're adding for flavor and consistency and all that kind of stuff, I'm all for it. The other thing I do, I liked about the shredded chicken was, it was already broken up in the tiny pieces. I'm real big on cut my food up into the tiniest piece as possible. And then just for like the digestion process. So like with the shredded chicken that's already shredded, but then I cut it with my scissors, even more so it's these tiny little morsels. And I do the same thing if I'm doing baked chicken as well. But yeah, I guess my point is that you could absolutely cook a week's worth of shredded chicken the same way you would baked chicken. Skip is old school. That's what this is. Yep. You're, this is one of those moments where people are like, oh, that guy's away. That guy's old school. But really, man, I remember like Dave Pulse and Ella saying like, I don't want flavor. You know, flavors just one more thing that I'd have to think about. I could leave that out in the next thing I know if I had it, then I'm going to need it. And then I'm going to run out and I'm going to want it. And he was like, so it's one last thing I have to deal with. I get that. I get that. I don't have an Instapot. Andrew, do you, you said you do have one, but I don't even know it's a pressure cooker or what is it thing? Yeah, it's a pressure cooker. You can put like nine chicken breasts in there, some water. And you know, it'll cook it in 40, 45 minutes or something like that. And then you just, you know, you take it out, you dump the water out and you take something to mash it up into little pieces and shred it. You know, like, poor, poor, poor. Yeah. Yeah. It comes out to a consistency like that, just without the fat, obviously. I think I should only like. I just do it with my teeth. I don't do this because I'm saying, you know, I'm talking to it. Which makes a good point. It's my first digestion because I, and I don't want to get off on a tangent, but this is important. What you said earlier about making it small and digestion. You do need to be very careful with chewing, you want to basically liquefy your food if you can because there's a predi-justed aspect of the, you know, saliva and everything else that digestion starts in your mouth and it's not just in your stomach. So you do want to liquefy and really to especially meet things that are tougher like that so that it's just assimilated quicker and more efficiently than just choking down. So when I say I'm choking down, chicken is fast as I can. I'm not chewing it in chunks. I have that situation. I think Dusty did too. I'm assuming he did because the problem he had with, when he was in the hospital for song, but I have to liquefy my food anyway because the muscle, the sphincter muscle just before my stomach is very tight. So I will get a backup of food into my esophagus if I don't chew it real well. So which is kind of a benefit people say, well, you could get it fixed. You could get it stretched out any ham and did, usually once a year. Now back when he was, you know, I couldn't do a lot of it because God, that's where to say. But anyway, it forces me to not be quick with eating my food because I have to liquefy which is better for me anyway. Yeah, I have an air fryer and the biggest drawback I see with those things is the amount of food you can cook at once. I got the Ninja XL which you know, used code think where you're at target buying your Ninja. We obviously were unafiliated with them and it has like a bigger pot to it. So that it works better. I can do like at least four chicken breasts but for like big time body builder, you know, diet prep it's not going to get you through your week. That's for sure. But I'm really the answer. And that was my thing, you know, online skip was that I want to be able to make it taste good so that I'm going to be more focused on wanting my food. Because I think like I guess one of the directions I'm going to go with it is I feel like you know, newer people to body building. They can get burnt out really quick, you know, with the foods even with the best intentions. But they don't put any love into, if you don't put any love into your food, you don't make it taste palatable, you don't put like be creative with it. And if you just do the same thing day after day after day, give it two years and there's a chance you're going to quit. Not to mention I feel like I've had foods that I got so burnt out on, they would start making me nauseous just to put them in my mouth. You guys ever have that? Tuna, I can't eat tuna from a can. Like that. I would go, I'd take a bad minute and if I ever had to eat tuna out of a can again. Yeah. Well, when you guys also agree that this is more important in terms of making your food taste good in the off season. Like not when you're just out of the gate from a prep, but we're talking like you're 18 months into an off season. Your show is not for another six or eight months or whatever. And you're at 6,000 calories a day. Like shoveling in, chicken and rice gets really, really old, especially when you're waking up pretty full, your next meal, you're already like man, how am I going to get through this? You're literally sweating. Yeah. How am I going to eat this third meal? And it just goes downhill from there for the day. So I find that you gotta find little tricks and things that are going to make it palatable to you. So you want to eat it. And I was joking around with someone about this the other day. I think it was like, there was nater, something like that. Well, we were on a different podcast for Mountain Dog. And we were joking around about how like, you know, like he was like dude, he's like, I got hungry at two and a half hours and set a three hours. And I'm like, take it. Like, yeah. And you know, because he knows, because he shoveling, you know, his calories are close to six K right now. And okay. Anytime you're in the off season and you're like, you're starting to get hungry in between meals and it's a little earlier than normal. Holy crap. That's like hitting like, you know, double ACEs on on a, you know, poker or something like that. Yeah. Absolutely. Yeah. And for people that do have digested issues, especially like like IBS, I had learned, you know, in the past few years that the easier it is to digest, going back to like the chewed up thing, the easier it is to digest the less acids and stuff, the less your body has to actually work to get that food broken down. So, you know, there's that element too. Not only that does, does digestion start sooner, but digestion is overall easier if food is very well broken down. So I just went through that in there too. We got a bunch of questions though, guys. Like, like a lot, a lot. So we don't have to go long on all of these. You know, if there's something that it's like, yeah, it's a yes or no thing. We can always do a yes or no. For instance, on this one, we'll start here, this one's from YouTube. And by the way, guys, if you want to take part in the next show, we're going to need questions for it. So comment below. We're not going to like two podcasts at a time. So you'll see this one. You'll see the next one. And then we'll be recording again. So comment with your questions. I'll be collecting them all up for record next. Robby says thoughts on using long aster's into a comp. So I'm not switching to a probe and whatever else. I mean, I absolutely think it can be done. Do I do it? No, I prefer shorter-esters. I'd rather inject daily or every other day at the least. But I don't think there's much of a rule of why you couldn't do it as long as you're controlling your estrogen towards those last two three weeks of the show. Yeah. Do you remember there were out two? Yeah. I was just asking. I asked what you did. Yeah. Yeah. I feel the same way. It's funny. It's a situation right now where I have switched to shorter wrestlers. And for this happens every now and then, I just don't tolerate them well. A lot of pain at the injection site. And here's the thing. People say, well, we tend to jump to, well, it's the, you know, Benzloch, Hall and, you know, Hall, it's put together. But it's this situation isn't because I always split my shots because of volume. I like to go every day. Like if I am injecting Monday, Wednesday Friday, just as an example, I will go left right Monday, left right Tuesday, or Wednesday and left right Friday. All my shots are split in half. So if I hit doubts, I hit left and right. If I hit quads, I hit left and right. And I will put one in, you know, same erectus femurs. And the right will be absurdly sore in the left won't. Or I put it into my, you know, my doubts or my rear doubts. And it's just sometimes I just don't tolerate them very well for whatever reason. And I actually had to cut that and go back, switch back to a little bit longer esters. Sometimes to it's also the, what I want to say, the ratio. So, you know, if I get predominantly short ester than it sometimes can be more painful to and not just myself, but other people. So there, there sometimes has to be a balance in there of what you can tolerate. I can play into, I mean, to the point where, you know, I'll be sore for, you know, sometimes five days or something. So it doesn't happen very often, but I prefer the short esters too. I just think that, I don't know, they're easier to control. The more you're able to control and keep your blood levels stable, then obviously you're going to be able to keep any type of estrogen kickback a little bit more stable as well. And you don't want to ride that roller coaster anymore and you want to. I'm surprised that both you guys do. I'm not, I'm the opposite. And, you know, from my personal experience, the long grade competed, the more gear I would use, that I found the easier it was to get higher volumes of milligrams in with less milliliters of oil. But then I, I've kind of gone to that extreme other end of using low doses. And a lot of the clients that I work with are guys that aren't, you know, they're using, you know, what we would call a very moderate stuff for contest perhaps. But we still stay with the long esters. I don't have a problem with them. You know, I just, I, my look, my thought is like, if we're doing good with it, well, let's continue to ride that out, no reason to change it. And we, we may still do, like, okay, for instance, the only real fast acting injectable that I like to use regularly is trend and that, you know, trend ace. I don't like using trainee in a prep. Like, you know, we'll start a contest prep out with tests adding a fat burner, like, clen, later in the prep maybe eight weeks, start adding in, like a long acting master on and then ride all the way in with that. And then I'll add that last like six weeks, four weeks. That's where we could add in that fast acting trend. So if, if you had a guy who was using, like, you know, 500 mast in the 750 test, you can get that in, you know, three, you can get that in, like, five milliliters. It's, it's less oil, I guess, you know, and then it's a good question. And one more thing, and then we'll split up to every other day, protocols, when we add that trend in. So it ends up being like, you know, much less, because you only need, like, say, a half milliliter a test and a half a milliliter a mast around and then a half of, you know, so it's like a one, it's like a 1.5 milliliter shot every other days. You know, a lot of times when it comes out to you. So he keeps that volume down. Guys, you have to ask you a question. No, so let's say you make the determination at, like, I don't know, two weeks or 10 days out that you, that you don't, you want to pull the test off to run. Uh, I guess my reasoning with the faster, faster acting testosterone with, with the shorter Esther, I should say, is that when you pull it, you know, it's gone the next day for the most part, right? Yeah. Whereas the longer Esther, look, now you got to, like, wait five, six, seven days until it's really cleared to an appreciable level that's considered pulling your test if you get what I'm saying. Yeah, I, I feel like I don't really pull the test a lot, honestly. Okay. So I don't really pull the test a lot and I feel like if you do, and you were to pull it two weeks out or even say, like, even say, like, the last 10 days, I think you can just by not giving the person more, you know what I mean? That you can let those levels at least not continue to build up and they're coming down into the show. But I, I generally don't, I guess you know what the other thing is, I'm not really pushing test super hard anyway so that that's probably part of it too. But yeah, I don't do that. And I know that as of, it was like probably five, six years ago, other, other coaches that were, you know, really highly regarded in body building were of that same mindset. So that's why I find it interesting. I do that and you guys don't, you guys, you guys prefer the fast directing stuff. Well, there's more and more highly regarded though. I mean, let's be fair here. No, but you may be good point about total dosage too, because obviously, you know, the volume of the shots can plays a big part too. So there has to be some balance there because, you know, it comes back to the risk of getting off an attention. I'll be careful with this. But, you know, I've argued before that the amount of oil that is injected has to be metabolized by the body. So there has to be some, you know, if you inject fat, which essentially you're injecting oil, it has to be metabolized by the body at some point. So I, you know, I assume, and I have nothing to back this up or prove it other than, I guess, just simple logic. But if you're eating fat or you're injecting fat, the body has to metabolize and break it down. So so if you're taking in a lot of high volume oil to some degree, the body has to metabolize that. So, I don't want to say it has to play into the diet directly because that's a very simple or an over-simplified explanation, but it's got to play into it, some degree. So if you're talking 20 mill of short-assers versus amuse an arbitrary numbers, you know, or six mill for long-assers, there's a very, very huge difference or a huge contrast between the amount of oil that you're injecting. The other thing is, is the more oil that you inject. I think that sometimes there can be that, that look where it's your injection site. So you're putting them all into your shoulders. You're probably not going to have that thin paper, that paper thin skin in that area that you would have. So then it comes back to a lot of different injection sites with shorter, if you're going shorter-assers or more voluminous injections, you got to get creative. My wife hates putting shots in my rear delts, but I absolutely fucking love it because it's like butter or laughs or anything. And they hold really well versus, you know, places that you use all the time, sometimes can what I call seepers, they end up seeping and then they end up halfway down your arm. If you put it in your delts, it's, it's, it's just sitting in there. We're just hitting nerve and end up, you know, more slimmed, you know. Yeah, but if you hit the same spot over and over, you've basically killed all the nerves in that area. So there comes a guy that we're hitting out of the nerve. Oh, yeah. Oh, God. Oh, yeah. Yeah, and I think I had to client just do it. You have to. You have to. Yeah. I'll tell you what's worse. Yeah. Hit, take a shot. This is only happened twice in my life. And I've done gear for a long time. Put a, uh, it happened both times in my shoulder. Start to put that bitch in and literally, it feels like batter-ass had going to your lungs. It's been up your shoulder in your, like, what the fuck rip that bitch out and it hurts so bad. I'll be fucking punching that bitch. I tried to distract myself from the pain. It's horrible. And if you lay it in there, you don't know me. It's in there. Yeah. It's funny because your brain goes, like you're registering that it's not right? You're like, what the fuck? By the time you realize you're like, oh, shit, you're just getting it out because you know it's going to get, and then you're like panic because you're like, this is just not going to be good when it gets to where it's going. This is not good. So you decided to quit steroids that day, didn't you? Yeah. I did, within the next day, I came back to him. I'm in a flater. You did the other side. Yeah. Yeah, exactly. We had to, I was just doing that other side too. I'm like, god damn, I don't want that down again. We had a listener who, because we had talked about that before, like what happens to the oil, do you metabolize here? He had said, he explained that it doesn't, it is not used the same way. I can't remember the explanation. I don't really know whether it was true or not. But he had said that no, we don't process it like we would have digested fat. So I'm not sure. Well, I would like to, I'd like to, you know, hear what that explanation is. It has to be metabolized and so it just has to. It gets to the other side. So, right, it has to. So then I just look at it and I just think how can it not, now I'm not saying that it is wrong. And all I'm saying is I want to hear what that explanation is so that, you know, I can think to myself, okay, that's logical. I guess that makes sense. I'm not saying I'm right. I'm saying is I have not heard anyone explain it in a way that I go, okay, then that wouldn't, that wouldn't, you know. You know who is, no, you know who would know. Scouts Stevenson. No question. Yeah, I should ask him. Yeah, but think about it. Glissarol and fatty acids attached to the anabolic. Like it has, it's got to be digested and absorb somehow. The other thing though, I would kind of bring up was that the SEO oils. There's a lot of speculation that, you know, people that have been having some issues with their lungs or, you know, embalisms and whatnot. It's because the oil eventually does, even to the bloodstream and then it collects and fills in the lung tissue and causes some major issues. I could see that. Thank you for tuning into another podcast here at Think Big Body Building Media. If we've provided value to you today, then please consider contributing to our show. You can help support the show through Patreon. Every $5 helps to pay for the software and the hardware and everything else that goes into making a podcast. You can also contribute by using our code at True Nutrition. True Nutrition has been our title sponsor for several years now. I'm super grateful for them and I've believed in true nutrition supplements long before they sponsored our programming. You could use our code. Thank you for health supplements and performance supplements. Feel free to hit me up if you have any questions. And if you're in Canada, check out SupplementsSource.ca. They have free shipping over $99. Huge discounts on overstock, short dated and label change products plus they have all your normal supplements too. Thank you guys for listening to the commercial. I hope you're having a great day and that your body building is going well. Let's get back to the show. Alright. Get a move on here. Vic has won for us. He says, oh, this is just a comment. We were talking about our favorite brands. Like if you could, like, I'll finish it with one brand of coming. He said, I don't want to sound like the side backs sales guy here. But again, but, yeah, but again, makes me sad not hearing any mention on this legendary brand. Which is a point, man. Side X has been around for a long time. They're like in every gym, you know. You have to be kind of bigger for a brand. Yeah. Which is the main great equipment overall. I will say the Hacksquat is a pain. It's a hard Hacksquat. You guys don't talk about it. It's a joke. I hate it. The drag is horrible on it. Even when they're brand new. It's sticky. Some side backs equipment is, yeah, exactly. I don't know if it's the bearing, the bearings are. But even when they were newer, even when, like back in the 80s and early 90s, they just weren't much better. I don't think it's bad equipment. I just think there's better equipment. I would say, you know, you could say they're like the brand that we all take for granted, you know. They kind of, they have, you know what I really like is the side backs 1990s, early 90s Smith machine. Those are nice machines. The older stuff I do prefer. I don't like any of the newer side backs stuff. It just seems to commercial gym health club. It does. Like a lot of life shows. Yeah. Yeah, exactly. Do you think like some of their cable stations, you know, like a little functional trainer, cable station they have, it's like kind of set up like a half octagon. Oh, God. Yeah. Yeah. Those are kind of weird. It's a little too close together. Like if you spread it out, just like another two feet, a guy like my size can get in there and do a lot of stuff with it, you know. We had a bunch of those machines, like, where it was like an enclosed octagon. And then on the outside of it would be like a bench to do like an overhead tricep, you know, extension. And the other side would be another machine. And you know what I'm talking about? It was kind of weird. Those were kind of weird. Yeah. I feel like they've kind of gone the direction of trying to make like fitness machines for like health clubs, hotels. Yeah. You know what I mean? Like not the kind of stuff that we would absolutely like fall in love with. Like it gets a job done. But just kind of like made for maybe a different audience, I guess. Overall. How about this? How about this? Is VHS and Sybex's beta? Oh, did I probably date it myself? You guys are like, what's that? But, you know, back during the, yeah, okay. We know. We can sure just make a sure. All right. You don't want to rewrite their body. See that's very nasty. What's this one here? Okay, comment for the algorithm. Seriously though, thanks for the great content. Plus question for the next show. Thank you for the comment. You guys, all your comments helped to boost the show up. So please comment. Anything you got? We'd love to hear it. Submitted. Let's see. Submitted. The decade one question. I'm gonna say. One question. Deca 200 and test 400. Some context, hope this doesn't become like homework. Been training for 15 years now. Been competing in men's physique as a nattice in 2014. Obviously hit my nattice limit. Fast forward started 200, test 200 milligrams or TRT. Last August, 2021 saw my results. But after digging deeper, I jumped on blast and cycle 400 milligrams on November. Run that for 15 weeks, stopped in March. And then back to 200 tests. Currently cutting down in 200 milligrams of test and 25 milligrams of anovar for eight weeks. I'd like to run this second cycle, put some tissue, and would hope to compete next year in local men's physique show. So what was the question in this? Did you remember when we were playing with the same? What's the cycle? What's the cycle? He was asking if, because he had done 400 tests before, I think he was asking, is adding 200 milligrams of Deca the next appropriate step for him and his PD. Oh, I guess. And we had all said 200 milligrams of Deca is not really going to do all that much. Might as well just either bump your test up or bump your Deca to a concomment, like a 400 milligrams of that as well. I think we were all in agreement about that. Yeah. Would you guys still feel that way with having had more information about him? I would. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Or I would say if he results with 400 tests, why not go 500, 600 milligrams of tests and maybe 50 migs of anovar, and see how he does with that? OK. That'd be, I'm not a huge fan of Deca personally. So I would rather do 50 migs of, I'd rather bump the test and do a little bit more anovar in shorter bursts than at Deca. And that's just me. We'll take this one really quick. This is from Matt Blavins. How do I find local shows and please don't say Google? I'm going to say Google, go to your local state. Well, find your state NPC website. They'll have all the info there. We'll just type in New York NPC or, yeah, Wisconsin NPC and the page will show up. But we guys got to understand, there's like maybe 10 or 15 promoters slash chairman that control most of the continental U.S. Like for instance, D. Wineberger has Vermont, New Hampshire, Connecticut, New York, New Jersey. So down south, I think Tim Gardner has like Florida and like, maybe Georgia too. And then, tray Bennett has the Carolinas. Gary has Pennsylvania. I think Ohio and a few other states. My point being is once you find like who the promoter slash chairperson is in your area, it's pretty easy because they're going to have all the shows in their region on the website. Right. Yeah. Here in Michigan, you just go to the, I think it's like Michigan, NPC.com. And we have all the promoters, you know, all the list. It's just like the whole state and it shows you all the shows. So good question. A lot of people probably wonder that who are newer. Um, question for the next show. Any, uh, have any of you had clients that have had to stop prepping because of a lack of support from family. I'm barely into my 16 week prep for my show. It's kind of a bucket list thing already. My wife is giving me a very hard time about the diet and training, even though my schedule hasn't changed much. I'm worried that it's bad now. If it's bad now, it can imagine what it's going to be like at three weeks out. If I were your client, should I push through and do the show, knowing it won't be my very best or call it a lost dream. Who the fuck in brutal class? You're very best. Well, I can tell you, I mean, this comes up quite a bit and I have clients asking this all the time. I'm sure you guys do to the more I think about it. So, um, it is incredibly difficult to prep, especially when you're newer to prepping and competing. If you don't have the support, um, oddly enough, uh, or maybe it's not odd, but when you're new to it, you typically won't have the support because they don't understand the process and it, I'm going to be honest here. It becomes a little, uh, obviously the, the act of prepping can be very selfish in the sense that there are things you're not going to be able to do or not want to do. You're not going to want to, you know, go out to dinner and have drinks with your wife or your girlfriend and you're probably not going to want to go out and take your kids to, you know, a food related shit and a lot of what we do as far as going out is focused around food and drinking. What you, what you should do is a competitor, especially if you have a family, is you need to take one for the team in the sense that you don't want to inconvenience or change the people around you's lifestyle any more than you have to. So put that discipline to work and still do the things that you would normally do, but don't consume the food, don't consume the alcohol. That means you might sit there during a meal that you have your family out and and you don't eat or you eat prior to going and then you, you can still, you know, it, I almost get frustrated, not if this person is asking the question, but I get frustrated sometimes that people who want to do this and they want to compete, but they're not able to, like they feel like that is just asking too much. Well, I don't want to be around alcohol because I'm going to want to drink it. Well, you're in a sport that demands discipline 24, 24, 7. So if you don't have it, then do something else. But if you don't have that support for your family, and they're just totally against it and think what you're doing is stupid, I would never tell somebody to go find a different partner. That's for you to figure out. But I can't even imagine not having someone in my corner that is supportive of me and I, I'm just saying, if it were me, I'm not telling anybody, if it were me, I'd be questioned who I'm with and why they don't, why they're not supportive of what I'm doing unless you're again, not trying to be as accommodating as you possibly can to keep things normal and still do things. If you're just lounging around the couch because you're just so smoked from Prap and oh my god, I'm starving in this sucks. Then yeah, that's not very fair to the people. You still have, you still owe them something. They don't owe you anything. It's what you want to do. But if you're, if this is what you want to do and this you're drinking, I say you fucking do it. I mean, you do it and you, to say that it's not going to work. You're not going to be at your best. Be at your best. Do everything the way you're supposed to do. And at least that way you're going to show the commitment to the people around you and maybe they'll take you seriously or more seriously about your devotion and your passion and your commitment to what you're doing. And then they'll be on board and respect it more. But if you're going to, if you're going to cave to your friends or to your family and all, well, I'm going to go out and eat. I couldn't help it because you know, I was out, then that's on you because they're going to expect you to cave all the fucking time. Yeah, go out with them. Yeah. I just have two quick things. I had first, just skip kind of started talking about it. But you just got up pulled your end of the bargain in terms of things around the house. You know, just because your imprep doesn't mean household chores or driving the kids to baseball or whatever else. It is that it was your normal responsibility. Those don't go away. So you got to make bodybuilding work around that. And secondarily, this was a John Meadows thing. He, you know, he talked about it a lot. Was, sit your family down, your wife especially if that's the case in this situation. And same, like this is what I need to do for the next 16 weeks to, you know, reach my, you know, to fulfill a goal that I've had. And yes, there's going to be times where I'm just a little more quiet. I'm not as sociable. I'm not as talkative. I'm not mad at you at all. But um, and I'm going to make it up to you after the show. And then absolutely make it up to them. So whether it's taking a monovocation or, you know, whatever we're going to go out to dinner, we're going to do this. Like do all those things that you promise that you're going to do. So that you're getting that feet that that give and take on the other end for that 16 weeks through your prep. Yeah. I think that's important. And I think if your partner goes out and sleeps with someone else, it's not on them. It's on you. So you might want to get your wife a boyfriend or something to keep rock, you'll probably like your friend. I think you guys both touch on something that's really important. And that is that like you need to still be the best you can be, you know, and still give. Because I think that it can be easy to be like, oh, my, I'm proud. But I don't want to do that, you know, you know, you know, and you still can't. Because I've had people tell me like, oh, well, I don't want to go to a restaurant if I can't eat the food I want to eat. You know, the real idea is if you're 16 weeks out, and I've had people that are in this position, and you know, we've come up with plans where like you can still order a chicken breast. You know, there might even be a little bit of oil on that chicken breast that we didn't want in the plan. But right now, in our, in our, my relationship with this client, I tell them like, I know that you can handle that. Like, it's not going to make or break you if we do this this once. This one time on a Saturday night because your wife enjoys your company. You got to, you got to remember too, because like in our society, we are so conditioned. Like you said, skip like, all we do is want to like, we go out and we eat, we go out and we drink. Like, what do we do when we go out on a date? Data's food. What do we do when we celebrate our birthday? We go out to eat. What do we do when our families get together for Christmas? We eat. We have such like a connection, you know, to food. It's that emotional connection. And it's really important to be able to, to remember that it's not about the actual food. It's not about eating a cheeseburger. It's about spending that quality time with that, that the person, you know, actually, but other people are weird. And if you're not taking part in what they're doing, a lot of times they're bothered by it, especially when it comes to alcohol. It's almost like why are you not drinking? It's like misery loves company to a certain degree. It's like, well, if you're not going to, I've had people tell me that they, your friends won't go out with them if they're not going to drink. Do you need different friends? Like, what, either that or you suck when you're not drinking. Yeah. If you're so fun hanging out with what you're drinking and you suck when you're not drinking, you should probably drink. I just, I just, I'm just going to say that through reflection more on them, though. There's no question. Maybe a jealousy or, wow, this person has this different, like, I say it this way because like, and you probably see it locally, like, when you're coming up as a coach or a competitor, everyone's cheering you're on when you're, you know, this guy. But when you really start to hit a big, the story starts to hurt. Start to come out where like, people make stuff up like, oh, he does this with his clients, like something bad. Yeah. Yeah. He does that. You know what I'm saying? Like, as you gain that notoriety and use you get further up the ladder in the success chain, people start to like, try to pull you down a little bit. And I don't, I think some of these cases spouses are no different. I, I, I, I worked with a guy. And yeah, I'm going to say this because I am sure he's not listening, and it's his wife's not listening. But this is like, this is, I, I told this story on body bling nerds radio, like literally in the first month of ever recording a podcast, and he heard it and she heard it. And she tore me up because I didn't name her. I didn't name her. What is a guy who's a good friend of mine? Oh, the wife's here. She was bringing me a drink. Oh, it's like, it's the life. The life. Thank you very much. I appreciate it, Tor. So this guy, though, he, um, he decides he's going to do a prep. Like I said, long time friend of mine is actually in doing through high school, reconnected with him at the gym. And I'm helping him for it. And his, his girlfriend at the time was just not, they're still together. They, she was not into the idea. And she's tried to start sabotaging him. So she'd be like, he's on the way home from when you come in home from the, he had to work like 12 hours. Like a long shift, hard work. And then he'd go to the gym and still do everything he needed to do. And she'd be like, well, when you're coming home from the gym, pick me up, armies, and pick me up this. Pick me up that. And before you notice, like, uh, you know, when you're coming home from the gym, go stop at dairy queen, pick me up a banana split. And so he was like, he started looking at this as like a test and being like, yeah, I can get that big arbeise and sitting in the car. And I'm starving at low calories and I'll just do it. You know, he ended up passing every one of these tests and not cracking. And finally, and we didn't know if he was going to make it or not. Because he had had some other issues and stuff. And we didn't know how it was going to work out. And it was a little bit on the fence, whether he was going to compete. And then finally, like three weeks out, I saw him at the gym. And he was absolutely like peeled. Like we nailed it. Like we fucking nailed it. We went in the locker room. I look at it. And he's like just all fucking just like striations through his face kind of guy. You know, I know what I was like, do your fucking ready. Like we're going to do this thing. So like plan on it. And then that night, she said, no, she said it's either the show or it's me. She didn't want him going back stage. She didn't want other women putting the tan on him. Oh, she was afraid that him getting in this kind of shape and him doing the bodybuilding show was going to change him. And that he would, you know, obviously there were some fucking issues there. So well, of course he's going to look at somebody else because the other people aren't eating our bees and looking nasty and amazing, too. But you didn't need to be very clean and our bees the entire time. Now he's in shape, you're sitting over here looking dumpy. I get it. Instead, I totally get it. Well, you know, I hope he dumped her. Yeah, she is listening. Just a little caveat. Just to be fair to her because I had a client just like that. We started out as just a general client, you know, needed to lose 50 pounds to look halfway decent. And we did that and then we kept going and going until he did this for a show. And then the ego started. This was a guy who was married to kids. And okay, so like he divorced his wife. I think it didn't like a few months for competing. Started cheating, like, cerealally started, um, I think he's been engaged in like, the mortgage, engaged married in divorce like three times since then. It's only been like a year. Oh, God. Like, though. So, but my point, he started like cereal dating women, cereal cheating, cereal, and it really went to his head. And even like said to Rachel one time, like at the gym, like, how do you deal with it? And she's like, what? And he's like, all the, all the DMs and you must get, you know, when he's in shape and, you know, all the girls he must be getting with. And she's like, what the fuck are you talking about, you know? So just yeah, she was onto something. Yeah, she was onto something. Maybe something in this guy before that he was, he was very humble. Like I said, he was a friend of mine. He was a, he was a humble guy. You know, who knows? I've seen that happen before, though, like somebody competes and then you know, men and women both that they get into, you know, stage condition. Yeah. Yeah. How many, um, how many people have you guys worked with who were like first time or bikini competitor? And then after, you know, a few years, then they're like, they need a new coach because they, like, they, you know, they need to like up their game and they got to be part of it. Like team, you know, accident, sorry, whatever. I don't know. Yeah, that's a big thing. Right. How many people have you guys prepped and then halfway through or three quarters away through the prep, they're talking about divorce or their spouse is talking about divorce. And then within two weeks after the show, when they go back to being normal, then all of a sudden, everything is fine again. I've had that happen so many times. I've told my wife this before over the years and that you guys pricing is too. A lot of times when someone is going to make whether men, uh, men or women, they're going to make a dramatic lifestyle change. A lot of times they're on their way out. They're making that change because they're going back out on the market and you can't get late as easily when you're dumping, you're not in good shape. So they, they play it out while they're getting into great shape and then they're out. I have, I don't know how many times I'm went. This this woman is losing. She's lost 45 friends. Friends of mine. They're pounds of like, she's on the way out. My wife's like, no, then she's on the way out. Yeah, I've seen that. I've seen that more than that. That's for sure. So maybe we could tell this question, you know, the the answer, you know, answer this question by saying, make sure you refer to your wife that that's not the situation. That's not kind of better yourself to go and, you know, find someone else. You're doing this strictly for yourself. I can't be tough though. You know, if you're in a relationship and one person decides to better themselves, it can cause, you know, it can cause the other person to feel, you know, to feel that way. I, I was in a relationship with a girl, after I had, cause I was married before after I had gotten divorced. She was in the industry. She had, she had like, she was like, why are you getting into shape? You know, you don't need to, you don't need to get into shape. You know, she was like trying to hold me back. It was, it was weird, man. But it was weird. What else do we got here? All right. It says, uh, outstanding show guys, always love, uh, always great info and love the additions of Chase Iron, uh, Andrew and Nate. Quick question for the board. Does anyone have experience with using UGL injectables that have been stored properly, but have gone close to a year or more past expiration? Would it, uh, theoretically be safe to use an oil-based UGL brand trend ace that is expired or should it be tossed? First. You can toss it out. Let's be honest. No one is throwing gear away. We're going to try it. And this is more of a question. We're going to see what happens. I mean, you know, and correct me if I'm wrong, but I always look at the expiration dates, especially on tabs, it's just more of a, like, in a obligatory date that they have to put on it. I've used tabs and powders that have been five or six years old and I've noticed no fucking difference. They could probably go longer than that. I think when it comes down to an injectable, it's more about the quality and who put it to, you know, who, what those quality control parameters were, I'm going to trust it a couple. And it comes down to storage, too, if you're storing them in a cool place and it's not in sunlight and that sort of thing. Obviously, you're going to check to see if, you know, it's crystallization or eight crystals or anything going on there, but I'm going to be honest and I'm going to say, you know, call me a dumbass, but I'm going to try some and I'm going to see, but I'm not going to hesitate if it's, if it's a year or two, shit, please, I've done that too many, too many times. What disrupts hormones? He, he tends cold sunlight electricity, as long as it's not exposed to those things and it's been kept in a, you know, very temperature controlled sunlight ridden, you know, covered, you find, you know, you might want to just, you might want to heat it up, you know, just in case there was like any bacteria in there before you stored it, allowed it not to propagate what I probably ought. I just use it. I know, you know, B.A. tends to take care of things like that and there should be enough in there, but, you know, you still want to be, here's the thing, I don't want to tell somebody from a liability standpoint, hey, yeah, go ahead, just hit it because of something where to happen and you end it up with anocratic, you know, blisters and shit coming out of your glutes or your delts, I'm going to feel pretty bad about that. I'm just telling you what I would do and I'd fucking use it. Yeah. What about he, he, he, he says also expired premo, that has been crystallized, not sure if they're safe or should just be tossed at this point. I don't think crystallization is anything to do with it being bad. It just may have crashed. I mean, I had DHB crash all the time. He did up, shake it up, boom, hit it. Yeah. I agree. Here's another one actually, you guys might find interesting because, you know, we're like, we've been taught that peptides, you know, whether it's insulin, G.A., or whatever, you mix it, you need to use it within a certain timeframe, right? So I tested that. I purposely mixed it and I had to test it with something that I knew I would feel and I, and I used in a land of tans because, you know, you get a stomach ache when you take that. So I mixed them up and I purposely left it in the fridge saying, okay, I'm going to test this out three months and see if it's still good. Well, I actually forgot it was in there and it was more like nine months later when I got around to pulling it back out when I noticed it. And I took the shot and within five minutes, I had the nausea feeling. So just for people out there, if you think like, all you mix the bottle of melanotan, I don't know if this would apply to growth hormone. I don't know if it would apply to insulin that you've been using. But I'm just saying that maybe as long as you're keeping it in the temperature controlled situation, you're not shaking it, you're not rattling it. Some of these peptides that we mix up might last longer than we think they do. I think they're one. Oh, you go ahead. You're going to want to send my nut. And one thing to that because it's funny because I did the melanotan the same way. My thing is, I never storm a melanotan in the fridge. I literally keep it my drawer and because I have never once in all the time I've been using melanotan and I'm pretty much a professional melanotan user. I have never seen a difference. I'll say this after it goes like a couple months, like a month or so, it might be a little weaker. But it never dies. So I'm thinking damn, and then I tried to equate it like you were to growth hormone. Thing is with GH, you're not really gonna know for sure. So at least with melanotan, you feel something. Yeah, but so I do keep my growth in the fridge. I'm very, very careful with that. And it's a little more expensive than melanotan. I guess depending on where you get it from. Because some places are ridiculous. But nonetheless, it's not as bad as growth. But that's funny that you say that because if one peptide is not necessarily degrading, it's what you have to wonder about the other ones too. I can tell you that melanotan is not nearly as complex of a peptide switch. So there's that. Yeah, great. But I've done the same thing as both of you guys. I had a vial of melanotan that was mixed in the refrigerator for two years. Oh, that's so cool. Yeah, yeah, that's so cool. Yeah, I used to use to use to. You still felt nausea. Yeah, yeah, it still worked. Like it was legit. Because like I picked melanotan, because I wanted to test this peptide theory out about like how long you can store them or how how quickly they need to be used. And I was like, okay, melanotan is something you feel instantly when you take it. Right. So this would be the best one to use. So you're saying you use melanotan. You felt the nausea two years later. Two years. That's two years. Oh, yeah, that's a. It was around that period of time. And the reason that I actually even thought to do it was I remembered here in Aaron Singerman on his podcast back when he used to just be a bro. He had, you know, iron empire radio with PJ Brown. And he had said that he had a vial of melanotan that was mixed. And it was in his suitcase. And it was like, rattle and around in there for God about it. It had like he didn't even know what trip it was from. And he found it some period later. And it was like, oh, there's a mixed vial in melanotan. Let me see if it works. And he was like, and it still worked. You know, just sitting in the suitcase all that time. I'd be more worried about that. I have a plan. Faking. Yeah, I'm in a relationship. Yeah. I have a plan to three up here though. I'm going to microwave a vial. Let's see if it works. That's about both of you. I'm not going to be outdone. Well, we're talking about peptides real quick. Yeah. He was telling me that he sent a client of his to a, uh, like an online, uh, you know, HRT type pharmacy clinic. Yeah. And they were describing them all this stuff. Guess how much the I permorelin was that they wanted to wanted to charge him for. How much? $1,800 of bottle. Oh my god. I'm like, it's times like that. I hope karma truly is a thing. Because that's just luckily. Luckily he had Nate being like dude. That's a fucking waste of money. I can get jack for more than 40 bucks. Like that's crazy. Yeah. You can get real, uh, you can get anchor likes for way, you know, cheaper than you get. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You get the Sarah stand. You can get, you know, all this other, let's raise it up. That's terrible. Yeah. Uh, by the way, I mean, on a silent check him out, code, think they're back. There's there. The other site was down the other day. I had orders from stuff. And I had to wait a day or two. Was it was that when we talked about it, like a few weeks ago? Where was that again? I think it was down like, you know what? No, I sorry. I ordered and then I checked the next day because I was going to send a product to a client. Yeah. And I kept on typing the website in and it wasn't loading. And I was like, oh, I explained to him because a lot of times I think the web posters don't like to what they realized what the products are that these companies are selling. They canceled their contract or whole them for a while until they acquired another another hosting server. I would imagine that's what it was. It's a constant cat and mouse game. So I think that was when you message to me and I was explaining that yeah, that they'd probably gotten pulled, but then that they went back up now and it's dot. Get a knock up today. So yeah. All right. Cool. Uh, what do we got time for here? Do we have time for one more? One more? What about uh, what about some Sissy squads? David posted this up. This got heated. Did it? I didn't even look. I thought he had a bunch of comments on it. Well, this one did. Dave, well, is it the same one? I don't know. Anyway, never did the Sissy squads. These never did those Sissy squads before started last month and crazy thing. I believe it helped with my knee pain. Anyone doing those? How would you fit them in? I believe John used to superset them with legs. I think Skip Hill mentioned them as well. I do. Let me get this this quick point out of the way first. I tire of the people who want to argue that that's not a Sissy squat. It's not in the sense that it's not in old school. Sissy squat. I get that. But God damn it. It's a Sissy squat piece of equipment. That's how people know it. That's how it's labeled. So as far as I'm concerned, there's two Sissy squads. There's the old school one that really is more of a stretch to the rectus femurus. We know that you go up on the balls of your feet, you lean back. It's old school. But this is still a Sissy squat piece. What's important here? And one of the guys pointed this out. It's the angle at the hip as to whether the rectus femurus is being stretched or how much. And I agree with them. I just think it's funny. The internet is funny because when there's a ton of condescension, you don't help. Like he had good in from it. He had a good point and it was he was correct. But when you just even put subtle condescension in there, it just doesn't help to get the point across because you're kind of belittling. It's almost like you're trying to want it's like me coming in and pointing out hetero graphs or solosisms when people post something that they use the wrong word. It's just me trying to want up you going, come on, get on your fucking grammar game. It's the same shit so one's no more right than the other. But it just doesn't help. So yes, that piece is fucking awesome. I can't use it. I personally think and I wonder what you guys think. I honestly think that Sissy squat piece of equipment is every bit is good if not better. I'll say it's better than leg extensions for rectus femurus. Tell me it wrong. I can't I can't disagree with that. I do. I think it's fucking I think it's great. I think it's equally as difficult on the knees again. It's the angle at the hip because the more you're going to stretch, I guess what I'm saying so that you so that the listeners understand what I'm saying when I say angle at the hip. If you're upright or even slightly back you're going to get more of a stretch of the rectus femurus based on the hip position. If you're leaning forward, you're not going to get as much of a stretch because it does turn into more of a squat. Is it still working it is? But not to the degree. I mean, all you have to do is lean back a little bit and tell me the next day after doing them for the first time that you're just not so fucking crippled soar down the middle of your quad, the top middle part of your quad that you don't even want to flex that damn muscle. You're going to feel it is going to be pretty obvious. And when you first start out if you're not that strong, you're not going to be able to have as advantageous of an open angle at the hip because you just don't typically have the strength to be able to. It's funny, not even just a strength, but when you first do this exercise, you don't trust the piece, the piece of equipment because you feel like you're just going to fall over backwards. It just doesn't feel right. And there's one more thing. If you can't adjust the foot pad position, there are some shitty, shitty Sissy squat machines where the foot pads are too far forward and they are dangerous on the knee. It's a horrible, horrible position for the knee to be put in and it makes it when they're forward too far forward like when you can't adjust them. It it makes it almost impossible to have the correct angle with the hip anyway. So if you can't adjust those foot pads, I'm going to say don't even fucking use it because I've never seen one that's not adjustable that is in the correct or more advantageous position to be able to open up the hip and really stretch on the rectus femurs. There was a lot there. Sorry. I like to do them with a band. So I think that's a great idea. As upright as possible, I'm not cheating cheating. I'm not changing the exercise target from from my for more or less to the other card muscles. So I can say upright and take it a little bit just a little bit of my body weight off so I can do the exercise straight up and down. And I think if you do that. Okay, so let me ask you to do that. Go with that resistance band, with that resistance band, where do you anchor? Do you want more pull going straight up or do you want the pull coming this way so that when the hips come forward? Yeah, because I try to avoid it. I'm not sure which one I like better. I actually think I like it better behind me so that when my hips come forward, it's almost like a glue because when you're doing the exercises, not a lot of glue. It's primary. I mean, it's like damn your 99%. In the reason I know that is when I had a torn glue, it was one of the few exercises I could do where I was actually bending at the hip and it didn't bother my glutes and all the while I was having that torn glue. I put the band in front of me, but I see what you're saying about the band. In front of you, okay, I got you. Just just so it's more so to take some of my body weight off so that I don't cheat the exercise. So I don't just very good. I lean forward to make it easier if you get what I'm saying. Like 100% yeah, 100% target the intended tissue and not cheat the movement at all. So I turned it into like a squat. I assume it was for added resistance. It's falling in right now. It's falling forward. Is what you're saying? Is it around your waist then? Yeah. Okay. So yeah, too. It's almost like I can lean back against it. Yes, yes. You could hang out to it. Or I was just going to say the other thing we've done is we've held on because like when they put bars on their back and they're trying to do like 135 doing that. Yeah, but they're bent over like this. I'm like, why aren't you just squatting then, dude? Because now you're now you've added a whole danger component to it where you can't drop the bar off of. You know what I mean? Like you're moving in the squat position anyway. So why are you making this more complicated? To me, the Sissy squat should be done with like body weight or even less body weight, less than your body weight. To really just target that tissue that normally doesn't get hit from leg extension squats, like press the other exercises. Yeah. I like that. I like that. I'll have to try that next time I do some Sissy squats. All right. Well, it's a controversy, by the way, before we close out. What was the controversy? Was it just a condensation kind of in explaining anatomically what to do or yeah, it wasn't, I guess it wasn't huge drama. I don't want to make it out to be more than what it was, but it was you're asking about the hit. Basically, people just tend to want to say they just can't stand that that piece is considered a Sissy squat. And I understand why in the sense that it doesn't encourage you to keep that angle to hip open more. It is misused a lot and that I agree with. But I think it's a lot of older school guys because the old school Sissy squat coming up on the balls of your feet and staying back, you know, more. I don't do it one hand. I don't hang on one side. Hold a plate with one hand. Hold on. That to me is one crooked. It's not symmetrical. So I'm going to hang on to like okay, check us out. I would tell people to do it this way. If you have a, there could be a million exercises or pieces that you could use, but if seated hammer, leg curl, put like two or three plates on the side, get in front of it, put your feet right against the brace of the frame and hang on to the pads and as you go down, it'll allow you to go underneath it. And then as you come up your hanging on and it's not a, it's not a fixed like your move a little bit like a paddle move a little bit. So it gives you a little bit more. I don't know, fluidity, I guess, because it's not rigid. It's not like you're hanging on to a bar. It's, it, it, it'll move a little bit. I have found that to be very effective and there are other things that you can hang on to, but at least that way you're straight. And I don't think you need. Most people are going to need added resistance if you're really doing them correctly. Then again, that's the old school, you know, underrated exercise though. I really do think it's underrated. And I do, the original question was where to put them. And I mean, you're not going to do them at the beginning because it's such a, it's a vulnerable stretch that if you're not warm, it's not a good idea. Plus the stress on the knee is, is, is relatively high, it'd be much like doing a heavier leg extension to open, which, you know, isn't always a great idea. You finish with them. You're already fatigued. It just takes it, takes those quads and specifically, more specifically, erected swimmers even further at the end. I think it's a finisher. All right, let's wrap this thing up. Guys, thanks for watching. We appreciate having you here. Check out our sponsors, Trinutrition.com. Use our code, think. I've got some marshmallow treat, by the way, on the way, skip. I've got, uh, ordered some team skip. And then I ordered some people to teach isolate for victorious, where both going to get to try it, plus a couple other things. So I'm excited for that. Like I said, user code, think, go to supplements.store.ca. You can support us there if you're in Canada. Everybody at Patreon, appreciate you guys. In fact, next episode, I've got a couple of Patreon questions. So we'll make sure we tackle those early in the program. And, uh, yeah, go over to bodybarry.com. If you want to get some coaching from Andrew, head over to team skip.com. If you want to reach out to skip for some coaching, you can hit me up, make me a diet at gmail.com. But yes, I'm holding a 15 round magazine right now. That's what was in my hand that I'm pointing with. All right, guys, what's your sin? Looks a little empty. It is. It is. For YouTube.