So I'll tell you a little story. So when I did you call the last year, Steve Warren Burger was judging you at a place second. And I went in line for his feedback. And he got his feedback. I make sure I had a record button on my phone. I wanted to, I wanted to, you know, remember it. He's like, oh, Kevin Wilson, you like your small. He's like, need work and he likes, I'm like, that's it. He's like, that's it. All right, nice to meet you. Steve thinks that that was it. Every the whole year, I had that thing in my headphones, the whole entire year on the day. Every set, every rap, one repeat. So I came to Chicago this year and he was judging. And when I won, I got the mic, I said, I looked at the directing as I was just saying, I listened to the judges feedback, Steve, you, all you guys. And I listened to it very, very precisely. And I trained all year for this show to make those corrections. And he looked at me and he gave me a nod. And I was all I needed. I was all I needed. That's like five paragraphs from Steve. Hey everybody, welcome to It's Just Body Building. Of course, Ron Partlo with Dusty Handshot and the producer Scott McNally. Remember to like, share, subscribe, comment, and ring the bell. Yes, like the tempo. I still think you need to buy a drum set, Dusty because now that you're a percussion, I've been doing a lot of air drumming recently with the concerts, Nikki takes me to. And oh, you're going to rock concerts with your woman. And it's embarrassing. I do an out in public to just like you. I might just bust out the drum set in the restaurant. Yeah, no, I know. It's good. Keep it alive. The kids aren't rocking anymore, Dusty. Gotta keep it. Okay, today on the show, of course, Kellon Wilson, you're due for an appearance my friend. About time, we begged him for months. Yeah, multiple pro show winner. Going to a second Olympia in a row this year. And I thought, this guy trains at my gym. Why the hell has he not been on my show yet? He's going to win. He's going to win. Yeah, it's the way you run roles. If you're in my life, you're just a normal person. Yeah, just a normal person. We just presented immediately what you've accomplished. Yeah. And so it's like we got to get Kellon on the show. And a purpose. Yes, good to have you. And of course, you're immune, and athlete with Dusty and I, while we're not half-fleet anymore. We're just happy here. You're just up in air quotes still run. Yeah, you're just in air quotes. They're targeting tools. And primarily, we're being tools. So, come on. Come on, it's actually a sponsored athlete with mutants. So remember, I am mutant.com, get your heart core ISO. Yes. Get your mind FK and of course, everyone should be on the gear. Kellon, let's get to it. How are you doing, man? Two pro shows this year that you won. And recently, got back from San Antonio, where you didn't get the win, but man, you looked crazy. What's going here? You're head now. I'm a little bit tall. The management of the amazing year. Honestly, I just, it's been in some of the breakthrough year. And yeah, start off with Chicago Vancouver. And then, recent Santa, or New York, best look yet, and just riding the train. Got to link in three weeks. And yeah, man, just enjoy it. Just enjoy it. So when you qualify for your first Olympia last year, I think a lot of guys, I've seen it with a lot of people, they're like, oh, God, first Olympia. And they know, you know, in the classic division where you are, you know, they're like, because it's going to be 50 guys. So it's probably pretty overwhelming. What was that last year when you qualified to do it, and you got, I'm going to go? Yeah. I mean, it was a dream come true to say, at least, honestly, the whole experience of Olympia, just enjoyed everything about it. It was like, I said, it was a dream come true. I was just happy to achieve that goal. But it was surreal being up there with all those guys. Chris being his last Olympia, bring on just all the idols that have been watching on YouTube and seem in person beyond stage of them was wild. It was crazy. Yeah. Now, where were you at? I've sort of asked you this, but I want to hear what you tell it to the rest of the people. You know, you're a pro. You want to show, you earned your trip, you're at the O. You belong there, you're supposed to be there. You know, you're in shape, you know, you look great. But that's still bummed. And that's still, beyond. And that's still, you know what I mean? What was that like for you backstage when you're standing there going, oh, shit. Okay. Honestly, I had to keep my fan growing side me and I was seeing the formulas and athletes like I said, I'm a pro. But it was definitely hard. You know, like I said, I enjoyed every moment of it, but definitely seeing those guys in person, I had to keep that little screaming fan growing side me and not go running, give them a hug, or ask for a picture of backstage while they're popping up, right? Right. And but it was all positive right. You didn't look at anybody and go, what the fuck am I doing here? No, no, no, no, no. I know how to guys go through that. Even when they, you know, totally don't realize how good they look. A lot of guys go through that. I've heard people like good guys that were top, you know, top eight in the hundreds of men's, yeah, hunter, hunter like I saw rammy. And I was like, what am I doing here? You know, I'm like, so yeah, man. So then you must have, you know, with classic vicious division, they're like 50 guys at the, oh, they got all these shows. You're all forcing yourself into kind of the same body weights. So you're all so comparable. It's one of those, one of those divisions where everyone, you know, there'd be a bunch of guys on stage that look really great and it's hard to pick, especially in some of the other shows. So to qualify two years in a row. So now bring us up to speed. So now where's your head at now? Yeah, I mean, going into this year, obviously, all the kind of backtrack a little bit last year, my way cap was two or four. So I got a, I got a Bob bin increase in way cap. So it's actually two, 12 going into this year. So I had some room to put on quite a bit of muscle. We put on about eight nine pounds. So going into this year, I knew I was going to be a bit more competitive and also be able to do some bigger shows and win them. So we said to Chicago and like the goal was to go in there when the Chicago, I played second last year. And we did that. And then Ben Cooper was a hometown show that I like doing last year was my first qualifying show. So we did that show and had a really good battle with the local athlete here. He also trained the West Coast Aaron jaws. Yeah. So it was a good battle there and he got the qualification there. And now just going into this limpian hour, I just want to improve obviously my physique, my look and improve my placing as well in the classic physique division. Do you know, when you, we get, we go through this. You say we, who's your team? Give us your team. Yeah, he's on the Kellon squad. I mean the wizard, Brandon Pettington himself, that's been my coach that I started in 2016. I first show. He's a local guy here. There's an out of the fridge. He's done via, he's working with me. He knows my body. He knows me very, very well. And I owe all my success to him. So and then obviously my fiance, which helps motivate me in this pretty hard on me at times. So yeah, man, I got a good team behind me and I'm very, very blessed to have it. Tell me about Brandon, your coach. I mean, I know him, great guy comes to my gym all the time. Talk to him. You and him, I mean, you nail every single show. You guys have a thing. Like it is 100% on. What do you think you guys got? You just know each other so well and. Focusing. Yeah, like, well, bring you back to my first friend. I was doing flooring for my boss and he was mutual friends with Brandon. And he asked me to have a sit down, Brandon, he's like, you should meet this guy. You know, he wants the coach. He had said pictures of me to him. And I met a Starbucks, I remember. And he was like, listen, he's like, I really want to help you. You have a big potential this for. I think you will pro. And at the time, I was like, no body building, you know, thong on stage. I don't know, you know. He's like trust me. Just trust me. Just let me coach you for your first show. So we did our first show together. And I mean, I won my previous class. And with me, I have a genetic potential to stay lean around. So it was just just having the guidance from him with diet and nutrition and just falling a game fine on improve myself. And I'm a very coach, Matthew, I come from a football background. So it's easy for me to just follow what's told. And that's basically it's easy as that. So I just been doing you after year. And Brandon is a coach. He's a good coach because every year he improves his knowledge of coach. So he's always learning, always, you know, try to take up new courses, always researching. So him, better yourself as a coach is bettering yourself as an athlete. And it's just, it's just worked, man. And I don't see myself body building without him. So yeah. You've, I remember when we first opened West Coast and you came into the gym. I mean, that would've been 2017. We all got. So you came in like within the first year, right? I don't remember that first time. What would you have weighed back then? Like, were you like 180? Well, 170, yeah. On 70. And I remember thinking, like, I think you were getting ready for a show. It might have been the pop eyes. I don't know what show you did. But you were getting ready for something. And I remember thinking, that guy's got a good back. He needs to add size. But he's got a great look and a great back. And like, you know, you see like, someone kind of goes, hmm, that guy's, that guy's good. Right? And so to see you, like, if you were to tell me that, oh, that kid's gonna do the Olympia. I would've been like, holy shit. Because you were good, but it's just awesome to see like someone actually take it. Because we see people all the time that have, you know, you look at, you know, I meet all guys all the time. I'm like, oh, this kid's got great genetics. But he's, you know, at least casually into it or whatever. And you feel like some of it sometimes that doesn't get used. Yeah. So it's, because I hate seeing it not get used. You know what I mean? Yeah. That's one of the things about looking at you now in your stage is I just, you're completely different physique like you've transformed your legs or three times as big as it used to be and all that stuff. You know, you just chip in a way like if, how, how much have you changed training over the years and all that? Have you just been hammering the same nail and just getting it done? Honestly, I, I was watching a podcast a little while ago. I'm gonna plot this video of Jake Colour and you was saying you see a lot of great guys amazing potential in their physique and they didn't go far because they didn't have the mindset. And I was looking back at like when I started and I think the biggest thing I honestly think was 80% of my mindset how it's improved over the years and just being able to just be positive and enjoy bodybuilding and have a balance in life. And obviously, you know, the training has improved and the diet has improved. But mostly just the mindset around bodybuilding has got me this far out of it to that. What would you say you changed during that time? Cause I know some people that, I know a lot of people need to work on that area. Like what adjustments do you see you made when you say you enjoy bodybuilding more? I think, I mean, obviously I didn't start out winning every show. I started out too. I mean, other shows I lost and I think when I was younger, I would kind of have a bad attitude on it and, you know, be hard on myself on it. And I think as time went on, I actually just looked at other things like I enjoyed the show, enjoyed the process of the show and being able to spend time with my family up the lead to the show and my coach and making memories. And maybe we now had got the best place in, but we had the best look. And I think that just kept me going and not even having a bad attitude on, not always winning. And just enjoying the process, leading up to the stage. I think that you nailed that because when I saw your post show, the first post you put up, what I gathered from, it was awesome was you said, this is the best look I've had. Yeah, and you didn't win. You've won two other shows this year, but I could tell through the post that you were very proud of the changes that you guys made for that show and the placing was just the placing. Correct, correct. Is that just because of classic division? Like, do you see the classic division as, how do I put this? More unpredictable as the open? Because I'm too sure. You know what I mean? It's tough to say, because you have a lot of apples and oranges and the fizziques that come to show us right? And sometimes it's hard to compare for the judges that have a very, very hard job. So I mean, I just have to focus on myself, right? And I think for us, I think we've developed a pretty complete physique. And I think now it's just nailing, being conditioned in all shots and having the same on a texture and hardness and all shots throughout the physique, head to toe left to right. And that's all we need to focus on. I mean whoever shows up, whoever shows up if I'm against a pole of the Irish or a guy, I can't really play to their strength. They'll play to my strength. So I don't really try to worry about that too much, but it is a subjective sport at the end of the day. I want to ask you about the actual, we get a lot of people that ask us actual questions about the food and the diet and that sort of stuff. What's your diet like? Are you, you're naturally lean, you're always hard. You're always relatively offseason hard, right? So are you, do you ever go super low carbs? Are you dieting on 30 grams of oatmeal or are you pretty fed all the time? I mean, when that first started, obviously the calories are lower due to how much less muscle I had on my frame, but I mean, just this past this past year of these perhaps, I mean, I dieted on 4500 calories. Right. Yeah, so I was eating good, but obviously it was running through me. So how many months have you had your stride of glutes for? Like, like, you're stride of glutes almost all year? All year, yeah, you just say, yeah. Isn't it funny how you were not comfortable with the idea of doing a show in a song, but now you're on a podcast where another man's asking you about your ass. You got a cop, cop, cop, cop, cop, cop. That's got a plan to shot. I can't be the only person to have thought of that. I was like, here we are. Post production insert. You got it. Yeah, yeah, this one's a little filled with screen for five seconds here. This is a nice log. Somebody's going to be at work watching this and their boss walks by right while there's just a man's ass. Soon, right. Honestly, I'm going to. Now, I was going to say though, before just a purely on the fan aspect, I love classic physique for a million reasons, but your physique as balances it is. What I love is, every time I pull up a picture, the first thing I think of is your legs are stupid. Yeah. They're just pretty crazy. They're, and it's like you said, it's the shape, but it's also the texture. You've definitely perfected your posing because it doesn't matter what angle you're at. You are split in every direction possible. For the young up and coming guys, like, what did you do to get to the point where you could show your physique so well? Because that's something I struggle with. I have a few classic younger guys. And they really like to put themselves in poses that are great for someone else. Yeah. And I'm like, I'm not saying that's how I could pose. I'm just saying it's not a good pose on you. Right. I mean, for a young guy, I mean, I'm done it too. It's just trial and error. I mean, you have to, you have to, you know, two things that you're going to fail at. I mean, I had shots on shows. I don't look at them. I mean, I look back. And, you know, I'm like, you know, this isn't good. You got to, you got to pose to your strong points. And I think it's just a trial and error thing. But I think having a good pose in coach is key. And I also think you have to be a coach will athlete when you have a pose in coach. You have to listen. And if your coach tells you, this doesn't look good. And you do not do that shot. Simple as that. So I have a supposed to argue with your coach. Right. I'll tell you, I have a great story for that. When I was working with JJ Marsh, I always hit like the class, most muscular. We're like the hands on hips. So I hit that. And he's like, oh, it looks great. And I hit the hands on hips. It's like, yes. He goes, give me a crab. So I give him a crab because don't ever do that again. He's like, don't ever do that. And I was so funny because I already knew that. But I just loved it. Right. When I hit a heels like, oh, no. Tell me, tell me, do you do a much with working on Ab control? Is there anything in particular that you've had to do to try to like, focus on, you know, because obviously you guys need more Ab control than anybody. It's a huge topic in all the divisions now. But you guys, especially man, like you take a breath out for just to second. And you're going to get crucified because somebody's going to snap a picture. They're going to be like, oh, my god. And you know, he's got a public eye. So you know, and I look at your pictures, man. You have a great midsection. What is that protocol? Look like it is something you do year round. He does nothing. He shows the right hands. But I'm not. I'm happy to test on that. Honestly, I mean, there's the basic, you know, your fast-acquired, you had great Ab work your backings in the morning. Yeah, I'm sure everyone has that. But what Brandon has done after every show in our health phase, we actually do intermittent fasting to help me down the waste. And just reset the digestive system. And for me, it's actually helped me a lot with shrinking my waste and just that taper. And so every year, when the competition is done, we're going to help face and we'll do intermittent fasting for a period of time, really work on that app control. And then even through the off season, we're still doing backings. We're still doing abs in the morning after a cardio. And I think it's one thing that if you get away from that, then you're going to lose it. So we try to keep that in all year. Yeah, I agree. I'll go ahead to God. Oh, I just kind of follow up then. So I wanted to ask you to, like, what is the vacuum training look like? But then also, do you guys have to watch as you're eating food? Because obviously, you don't like you said, you can eat a good deal of food into the show. Is that a consideration? Are you guys watching the amount of volume that's going to be from a particular carbs or stuff like that? Yeah. So to the first part of the ad training the morning, I got the MFATs of cardio. And then I'll do probably three sets of the roller machine. No weighted out training because they want to build their bleaks. I'm going to do some planks. And then I'll do bent over six rounds, hold the vacuum for 20 seconds, and then stand up six rounds, hold the vacuum for 20 seconds. And then that's basically every day. So we're basically training abs every day, just non weighted. And then for the food look like that. I got to that then. I got to ask, I'll keep since you got that already. And I'm going to dig a little bit deeper because I think everybody's going to be really interested in hearing this stuff. And honestly, I'm selfishly kind of interested in learning more too. It's not about the people. Right. No, it's all about me right now. It's all about me. I had to get that. Scott's got to come back plans. Yes. So how long does that that daily protocol take just out of curiosity? So using my cardio stays at 30 minutes and then that whole routine circuit, usually about 30, 35 minutes to off. Okay. So that's a pretty big investment. And for your average guy that's listening right now, thinking to themselves, I want to compete. I want to have the best abs. That's a good amount of time. And I think as an amateur beginner, I think start off with three sets. A few breaks in between. I think as I progress, I usually go on the FST at seven movements. So we'll do a set, 20 second break, a set, 20 second break just because it actually helps control that stomach transfer to stage as well. Okay. Yeah, that's fascinating because I feel like the abs stuff is just the core stuff. I almost feel like with classic specifically, they are taking it to such a next level. Like this year alone, I'm seeing guys just just sucking in so much further than it's ever been. Really do think that we're taking it to like the absolute extreme that it can be taken at this point. It's kind of a pretty cool part of the class. Yeah. One more trick, it's a little bit of secret breath work and hot yoga. Okay. Okay. You can hate hot yoga. Yeah. So the breath work side of things, man. I didn't recognize how important that is. So when I'm doing planks, I realize it's not just the fact you're doing a plank. It's breathing at the same time, right? Correct. Correct. Yeah, what are you doing with that air? Because you know, obviously, I want to just let it go straight to my belly and let it push out. That's not what I'm supposed to do, right? Yeah. So honestly with the plank, how you're keeping that waist cinch and tighten those abs flex, it's going to train you to breathe through your upper chest frame and keep that waist cinch. Basically, we don't say that's what you want. You want that waist glute to your spine and not have that breathing in and out. So you're able to breathe through your upper diaphragm and not have that suddenly pumping in and out. So plank's are an amazing thing. All breath work as well. I used to think it was, I used to think one of the things I prided myself on was I could hit a full abshot locked out and I could just hold it and I could do it through my diaphragm, just shallow little breaths. Yes. And I could sit there with my abslock and it always blew my mind that other guys, when I'd watch the videos back at the national level and stuff, they hit to abs, they got one or two seconds. And then they hit them again and they got it to you. And they're twisting and they're moving and they're doing this and they're moving all around because they couldn't lock and just breathe shallow and just stay calm and not, you know what I mean? I see a lot of people that I don't know if they just never learned how to do that. You know, breathe shallow and the staying calm part and they're flexing everything else too hard and all that stuff. So the thing is staying calm honestly, when you don't say it, you just want to stay calm. You start having breathing. That's what's going to start coming. Yeah. Yeah. I know the big sweat thing, people always wonder what happened. Like, did you screw up your carbs? Did you take to make some go wrong? Yes. Things that can go wrong with blood sugar and all that. But a lot of times, people are just heated up and wound up and huffing and puffing and they're just too hot. They're just too hot. So what do you think of that? Yeah. I mean, honestly staying calm for a stage is a huge thing. I mean, before I go and say that I like to take a good, you know, five minutes, it's just breath work, just calming down the mind, relaxing, just at everything at ease and even when you're on stage, trying not to get too hyped up, it's all, it's all, it's easy, you're said to done. But just keeping everything calm and subtle and posing is very calm, posing and you're not supposed to be posing hard and posing aggressive. You want to pose calm and subtle and look classic, you know, it's not body building. We're not going out there hitting most muster shots and you just want to be calm and so let's spit on the crap. Exactly. Exactly. He can still be. I, I wanted to tell a story. I don't remember when this was. You might, you might remember what time period this might have been. But, you know, we talked a lot on this show about your training hard and just get out. And I remember you coming in the gym, you might have been 200 pounds to 100 pounds. I don't know how much you weighed. You might have been, I don't know, 210, maybe 220, but like off season. I don't know. You weren't nearly as big as you are now. But you had come in and you trained so freaking hard, man. I remember because I was a type of guy that always like judge people on how intense your training was right. I just didn't care. I just said, I'm judging. So, so dusty knows. So, so I could have stopped a judge people and not. Yeah. I just think like 10 times worse. I'm the nice one, right? So, like, I, you know, when I see, I remember you coming in and squat in five plates at like the body weight of 210. I don't know. Would you have been? Yeah. I think you was 190. And your squatting is like three barbells. Yes, squatting to five plates routinely. Like every time I saw him doing legs, he was in squat rack, starting with five plates squats. And like not easy set, not like cranking out, eight and rack in it. But like almost dying under the bar on like a five six reps set. Like heavy ass, 500 pounds squats. I might be remembering the reps incorrectly. You tell me, you did 20 reps. But you were like really training on the edge. Like you know, your, your fifth rep look like you're barely going to get it. You know, like you'd go for one more. Like you were heavy squatting. And now you're at the Olympia. So, I don't know. There's a connection. Like, I, I, I, with all the math and all the formula and all the way people train now with it, I think there's still something that you said like, you got to go to the wood shed with yourself, you know? Yeah. And, and like just find out where your wall is. I don't know. How, how do you feel about that? I, I, I, 100% agree. I mean, to build a good base physique with hard granite mature muscle. I feel you got to, you got to lift heavy weight. Now obviously controlled, good form, asked to grasp. But you, you got to put up some numbers, you know, for reps. And if you look at all the old school guys. I mean, yourself, Ron, Dusty, you know, J, all these guys, like they put up good weight. And if you look at their muscles, it's hard deep, separated. You don't get that from training with, you know, 10 pound bar squats. You just use it don't. Hmm. I feel like, uh, one great thing that happened to the classic division was that Bumstead was number one right away. And he put out content showing people how he trained. Yes. I feel like if he didn't, a lot of guys would say, well, this isn't bodybuilding. Yeah. So I'm not going to train like a bodybuilder. But seeing him with his cinched up waist, deadlifting six plates for reps. Yeah. I think told people like, this is bodybuilding. It's just a different division of bodybuilding. And I just, I always thought that was, I think the sport would be in a different spot. Well, Chris was, he wasn't putting out of him. He was, I know he was a bodybuilder. For the stronger pound for pound, then most of the open guys. Oh, he's ridiculously strong. Yeah. But you know, he didn't, he didn't switch to classic and then change his training top to bottom. I'm sure there's adjustments. But he was still in the gym, ripping. And I think that that has done a huge service to the guys that are on the Olympia stage now and the guys coming up because if not, there could have been some confusion. We'll say. Hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Two divisions, two different ways to like, live your existence. Yeah. And it's not really. What do you think of what EUR is dead? That is insane. To say to these honestly insane and honestly, but you guys, I'm not far away from doing that as well. And you don't have much room in my top. We have a little bit to grow. But I mean, I don't see myself as tricking myself for training to stay in the vision. So I think what he did was amazing. I mean, when he back to act shows was crazy and his look was just better and open. It was just better. What do you get up to in your off season, weight wise? 240, 240. Yeah. Yeah. That's a lot to bring down then with lines of his thoughts. Yeah. That's a good idea. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Before we got too far away from it, I wanted to circle back around about that food volume question. So you were saying that, yeah, you guys do pay attention to the amount. And I thought that that was interesting. I've been talking to more and more people about that Dorian Haywood who just won the Masters Olympia. You know, he had worked with a great friend, mine, late Dave Calick. Dave always had him eating like high, high volume of food. Dorian's a huge dude. But one of the changes that they made now is that they reduced the food. They went to more shakes. Like half of his food was liquid this year. Instead of doing like 10 ounce portions of meat seven times a day. And guess what? Is the best that his waist has ever freaking looked? Yeah. Yeah. I mean food volumes a big thing. We have to show for this for these perhaps all of this. We keep putting source shrimp and digest fast. You like shrimp, man? I'm like, I'm sure. I don't know. I love shrimp. Oh, sea shrimp. Yeah. It's so good. Yeah. And then we'll usually do like a night time. A night time, heavy meal like potatoes and steak. That's been the trick. So we'll do like five seconder grams of potatoes and two hundred grams of steak. And that'll be the night time. And I wake up full and we just feed evenly into the show. Carbs at night? What? Don't necessarily get stored as fat. Do you even in a giant deficit? So based on what you just said, when you're leading into the show, I'm assuming your carbs are pretty close to what they were. The whole prep when you're filling up. Not pretty close to the whole prep. We're filling up. The only adjustments we make is the creamer rice instead of doing three to one water. We'll do one to one water, some of the moans, a little bit tighter. And then we'll just add in like I said, that potato will be on the steak the night before the show. And then the show day, it's usually calorie dense stuff like maybe a rice crispy tree with a little bit of almond butter, just to hold the look. And then the I like I said, just feed up, rest and go pose. Well, what's your feedback from the judges? Do you talk to the judges? Do you bother every show? Yeah, you do every show. Well, what did they tell you? I mean, obviously like you. They've won three shows. So what are they telling you? Yeah, I mean, the last show here, this is the first time the judge has judged me. So basically, what I expected is like, I love your luck. He's like, don't change anything about your luck. You have everything I want to see. It's just the backside. You just wanted to match the front a little bit more. He's like, you're your front is on. It's tried. It's hard in the back since the match is just a little bit more. So you're going to go back to the drawing. It works. Like in great condition. So I mean, the classic is classic. These classic. Yeah, it's classic man. Yeah, it's funny. You just that level, you're at that level where there's always a millimeter. Yeah. Yeah. It might be another millimeter. Oh, you're pretty good. You're pretty good today, but you can be better. You're not a millimeter. Yeah. And that's a crazy level. And I think to myself, I'm really a fan. I've always been a fan, obviously. But now I really look at this from the lens of appreciating what it takes and all the stuff that we went through to do it and all that. So when I see the consistency in conditioning, really impresses me. Because I know how hard it is to get in shape. And I come from an era where we probably bulked up too much and got a little too fast and getting in shape was a little too hard. So the consistency of getting in shape for every single show and always be in dialed and never really, you've never been off at ever. And that's what impresses me. And more and more of your classic guys are doing that. You just repeatedly, always being on. And that makes that division really brutal. Yeah. Yeah, I totally agree. It's honestly there's always a new level you can achieve. I mean, going back to the Frisolipia, I will say one thing a lot of these guys that are in the top 10. It's another level of conditioning to have. The skin texture is different. I mean, body doing is not a spring. It's a marathon. And I understand that. So show off the show. It just got to keep getting better and better. And it's going to take time. So I can't rush things. But we will get there. We will get there. Do you think on that conditioning thing? And we've talked about this with open guys before. Do you think that some guys are better off to not be completely inside out? Because they might lose something that makes them powerful? Or do you think in classic? You've got to kind of find a way to make that happen because everyone's in such good shape. I look back. I mean, Logan Franklin has become the most conditioned bodybuilder on the planet. He need to ride. And you just can't help but be like, yeah, I just want him to win because he walked through hell really slow. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Honestly, I was having to talk to my coach about this. So I feel if you drive too much to say, let's get the glutes a little more shredded. You may lose your pot. You may lose that roundness. And like I said before, you've got to play to your strengths and my strengths is the perfect amount of fullness, dryness and condition around. So me trying to drive down to a certain bodyweight and get peeled shredded ham shrings that are, you know, look like Jose Mauer, you know, Logan Franklin. I'm not going to have that round, big bubbly back. And you know, my shoulders aren't going to pop, my tries are going to pop. So it's going to work at a disadvantage of me. So it's finding all those three things in combination. I work best for me, so play to my strength. Right. That makes sense. I was going to say to one advantage that open bodybuilders now have that we didn't or younger is what the classic division has brought into the sport because you guys have to be obsessive about every detail. You're thinking about that. You're thinking about your waist. You're thinking about is it flat, what am I eating? And I feel like open bodybuilding used to be about being the biggest riftest guy end of story. You didn't really have a lot of detailed thought about what that meant. And I feel like the classic division has really opened the eyes to open guys to and go on, well, what if I started doing some transversive domino work? Oh, yeah. And what if you know what I mean, those kind of details, and I'm hoping that it'll keep spilling over because I really believe that open bodybuilding is improving because of classic. Right. Because we're seeing these things. And I think it's also going to improve as guys like Irres and eventually you start crossing over because everyone knows that a lot of the best genetic bodybuilders are classic right now. I, I told you, if you did a dusty, but let me ask you this, I think there's a lot of talk about how saps and if he's going to win, he's coming out of later weight, more aesthetically shaped. Do you think it's going to work in his advantage of him coming in a letter weight? And maybe you know, having that big bubbly pop muscle when he's going to be a guy is like the quaker or do you think what he what's your take on that? I mean, my take is the same as everyone's which is we'll see. And what I mean by that is it's possible. We all know that sometimes you get like Jay Kotler 2009, he was so peeled that everyone assumed he was bigger. He was heavier, but he was actually 20 pounds lighter than he had been for years. That's true. The question mark is as he conditions will he look tired and small, right? Well, he looked like he's heavier. So you can't really answer. My knee jerk is that it's dangerous. It's because I think he's getting away from what makes him the champ. It reminds me of when when Jay chased Dexter for his third Arnold that he won. Yes, where he was stringy because he's like, Dexter's peeled. I got to be peeled and said, no, dude, you need to be fucking big. So that it doesn't matter these peeled because you're just too damn big. Yeah. So, you know, my knee jerk is that I agree with you. I think it's a risky risky play. I assume that they're watching and they obviously know what they're looking at. So it could be fine, but I do know that everyone at that level looks great alone. And then when they come together, shit gets real obvious. Yes, preach, preach. Yeah, we'll see what happens. I think it depends on, you know, we say, if you come down a little more to try to get, you know, this body part etched out, you might lose this. I think that's also a timeline issue. If you're like pushing the body hard to try to get another line and then you get the line, but now you're 40s out. You don't have time to fill it back out. Yeah, that's the problem. But if you're on your third show of the year and you've got the line, but you still got your four weeks out. So it's, you can maybe, you know, bring it in at a better end result. You know, fuller looking all that sort of stuff. But yeah, it's, we will see what happens. This year's Olympia is going to be as they say a shit show. Yes. I kind of love that for all the divisions though, too. I mean, you have to feel going into this Olympia that anything can happen now. I mean, you're not the same athlete you were a year ago. And, you know, maybe before, like you said, you didn't have any room. So you couldn't really get to that next level. Yeah, there was no room in the cap. Now that you do, I'm really excited to see what you look like standing next to these guys, because obviously we all know the guys and have seen them in person. I think that this is one of those shows where you look in your, like, anything can happen in that top 10. Yeah. Yeah. What's your goal in your head? What is that? What is, yeah. Sorry. I made it. I'm a set of four of me. You set of four of me. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's a great goal man. And I think, too, you know, last year, your first appearance, everyone feels 50 guys in that lineup. You know, first appearance, he's still did great. I mean, you look awesome. But this year, you really want to go in with a headset like they know me. Yeah. Yeah. I'm not, I'm not a new kid now. I, you know, do you have to work at that? Or is that like easy for you? And what regards do you mean? Just reminding yourself that they know it. I'm a vet here now. They know me. So it's going to be different. So I'll tell you a little story. So when I did you call the last year, Steve Warren Burger was judging you at a place second. And I went in line for it as feedback. And it caused feedback. I make sure I had a record button on my phone. I wanted to, you know, remember it. And he was very stern, very strict. You guys all know Steve. He's no bullshit. So looks a, he's like, yeah, he looks like he's like, oh, John Wilson, you're like, you're small. He's like, you need work and he likes. I'm like, that's it. He's like, that's it. I'm like, all right, nice to meet you. Steve thinks that that was it. Every the whole year, I had that thing in my headphones that whole entire year on the day every set, every rap, on repeat. So I came to Chicago this year and it was judging. And when I won, I got the mic I said, I looked at the directing as I said, I listened to the Jesuits feedback, Steve, you, all you guys. And I listened to it very, very precisely. And I trained all year for this show to make those corrections. And he looked at me and he gave me a knot. And I was all I needed. That was all I needed. That's like five paragraphs from Steve. Yeah, not as a, not as a book. No, you're basically family. I feel like I feel like, I feel like, and this is no disrespect to the other judges. But if Steve pays any form of a compliment, it's the highest compliment. You don't know what I mean. And it doesn't have to be like literally saying, oh, your legs look awesome. You won is the compliment. The knot is, I see you did what I said. That has to be up there with the win itself, just knowing that he recognized it. Of course, 400% of it was, it was proud to see that. Yeah, that's, I feel like, I don't know, I've always loved Steve. I love him the way he is a man in general. So, you know, my best memory of bodybuilding was, I got called out, like, I was the fifth person called out in a class at a pro qualifier. And right when I walked to the side, I was walking to the side, he goes in the middle. And I can hear him saying that in my head permanently. Yes. Did he let me get there? And I was like, okay, Steve just gave me a knot. That's all I need in this life. And thankfully, it's all I needed because it was quickly over after that. I remember, I remember something that gave me a real boost. I went to my first North Americans in O'Neighen. And I didn't make first call out five guys, they called five guys out. And then you know, they just take them off the stage. So you're like, oh, I don't mean to get, and then second call out, they put me in the middle and I got straight first. So I was sixth. You know, right? And I was like, fuck, I weirdly wish I could stick to that fifth place guy. Cause like, you know, they don't do that in North Americans. I'm like, I can take that fifth place guy. Just put me, you know, do like a, do like a three, four, five, six, seven call out. Now fucking smoke some of these guys give you. But they just did do that. So I was like, fuck, and I left the stage. And yeah, I got six. And then it was like the next year I went back. And when they're doing the thing, you know, he's like 187, 181, Ron. And I've never taken like, even if you get buried now. Yeah, you know, it's called me by my name. So that's like, ah, it's almost there, you know? So, but that's a power he has. Cause we just everyone respects him so much, you know? Yeah. And it's, it's funny when, you know, you have that much, you think of the amount of the effect he has on so many people as that hedgeudge, right? The amount of guys like you that have a similar story about, you know, what you're doing to make Steve happy. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. So what, what, um, I got to get out of the, the actual nuts and bolts of body building. And we got to get into Kellan. So you mentioned a football background at the beginning of the show. And you were going to go here to get an happen. Yeah. I played some ball to football fan. What, what was your football experience and how did that, did that lead you into the weight room or did you, the weight room legion to football? How did that all go? Ah, football in high school, played for North Florida Bears. I mean, I only played for two years. I was running back. I was pretty small, pretty small, got 140 pounds. Perfect. Perfect high school tail back. So, you know, it was fun. I learned a lot of fundamentals, but it didn't get any into weightlifting. My uncle was a bodybuilder, you know, ever competed. He actually bring me to the gym when I was 15, 16. And he, I'll be awesome. He like I hated after I fucking hated him. I was like, the support that shared that was the lifting weights and she liked that. So we all owe your, your uncle a lot of thanks. Yes. Join me with the quick George. Quick pause. Not a lot of people have a bodybuilder in the family. Like it's getting more common now as we get, you know, the generation switch. Yeah. He looked at our generation. Like not many people had. We were learning from like our uncle. Yeah. Another George didn't exist for all. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I know bodybuilding uncles in our generation. Go ahead. Yeah. So yeah. The moment I hit it, you know, I was trying to do try to set push downs and cracking over spilled milk and he was just a hard ass. I mean, he's like, you're going to become the gym with me. You're going to be in chicken rice and like, I want to do this too. I guess I want to play the new games for all. Like, and slowly can do both. Yeah. Exactly. So round us. Slowly, slowly it developed into me loving it after me hating it. And, you know, I'm just trickling to me, me my coach and stuff like that. But yeah, in the beginning, I did not like it. And I did not like it all. I went ask before we go further. How does Uncle George feel about all this? He is very, very happy man. He's a very emotional man when he sees me. He's like, you surpassed what I ever thought or dreamed you could do with this and I'm happy you suck with it. Is anybody in the family mad at Uncle George? Most of them. No, no, he's good. But he's very, very happy though. Very awesome. I love that. So outside of body building, what's Kellon all about? What is Kellon all about? So I have two dogs to American police pocket. They're like my children. Name spames names. They're two girls. So it's Chloe and Pat. So actually there's one sleeping right there. There we go. Oh, that is one of the be right there. Baby, oh my God. So is it now a show? So those are my babies. They spend all day with them. And you know, it's one of the coaching clients online. They're with being the better. You know, I'm taking them for dog walks. And that's just through my life. Do I love them so much? So that's, you know, big part of my life. And then my fiance, heart rate. Yeah. I kind of need her place. She's all a travel a lot. I got to have her. Yeah. So she's a big help on why I can do this man. Because when I travel, she has really exciting. But we've been dog. So she's always staying and watching them. So I'm very appreciative of that. And she's probably the hardest one on the out of every one of my corner. I remember when I went for my pro card in 2021, for North American. I was getting ready to leave and she didn't give me a hug. And she was like, I'm going to say this once. And I'm serious about what I say. I said, well, it's going on. She's like, if you don't win, do not come back. So I'm going to lead to beat this one. I love her. So the dice on that one. Yeah. Yeah. Because I just believe there'd be brutal or it'll be a great movie quote. Yeah. So she's a good woman. And funny story. I met her in the gym and I was actually timid on approaching because she was front squatting more than me. I went flying. And 150 pounds of girl, 140 pounds of girl. And I was really nervous about emotional. So somebody was like, go portrait. Ask her. I'm like, do you see this more than evil? I'm like, I don't know. She's going to go for me. So yeah, I did her. I was a her name and we had a young and left that dot. And then she ended up sending me a demon. And it's going to be like, so you're going to ask me or you're just going to be a pussy. I was going to check out a paid first. The, like, yeah, do you want to go out and the rest of this is your after that? I love this woman. How hard course is this? Takes you like, what is wrong with you? Yeah. Yeah. The shitter get off the pot and just be, you got my name and left it at that. Oh, that's amazing. That is. She's still training everything. Yeah, streams of west coast, lift hard. Yes. So yeah, that's awesome. What's, what's your take on social media? You do, you do good at put yourself out there as a body builder. Your social media is very, very pro body builder. Like, which I, I, I guess what I'm trying to say is like, I'm not the type of guy that likes to show my real private life, you know, I don't quite often. I mean, some people are more comfortable posting like me and my wife going for dinner and me and my wife, you know, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, me and, you know, me and my friends and I, I sort of some reason have something that kind of holds me back with doing that a little bit. I mean, you got to do some of it. But you keep yours very pro body building based, obviously, is that totally on purpose or you kind of just like to kind of keep a lot of it, you know, off? I mean, I feel maybe I can hear this, but I feel I think personal family time and personal time with your close one. It should be, it should be that only. I don't think it should be shared to certain extent because it's memories that you're cherishing with people you love and not everyone in the world needs to see that. Obviously, you know, you know, there's certain events that may be posted, but you know, if I go my way for a coffee or if I go somewhere with my brother or my family, I'm not going to, you know, take the restaurant or, you know, hey, guys, look, I mean, it does need to be that. So I feel that should be kept prior to a certain extent. And, you know, certain things I will post in my personal life, but not everything. Right. Right. I think it's great that you have a thought process with that because as someone who's watched long enough and seen how this going in my entire career was made based on the fact that I was like, come into my house, let's go. You know, but I think that that's awesome because you're choosing to do something that could limit your reach. Because one thing that I would love to see that I've thought about with you is I now know you better from this hour we've been on this podcast than I do from you're in all the social media I follow you. And I just think that there's a, there is a certain level where you don't have to let people into your private life, but I feel like if people knew you better, they would follow you even more because I don't think that someone at your level realizes that you're not human, especially to a lot of the fans you got, you know, yeah, why mean because you have a physique that, I mean, you have to understand I know that your chasing the top of the mountain, but like 99% of people cannot look like you even if they had all the drive you do and everything else and something that humanizes you and makes them go, it has more of an effect than people realize like when I was growing up I, and I was getting ready for my first big show I followed Fulad and he used to do this is back before Instagram and all that. He just had a blog that he would keep and he was getting ready for a show when I was getting ready for a show and he would just say little things he was doing like wasting money on dumb shit or and I just made me go you talk about that money on dumb shit. And, but he really like a connection with him where we both like cars when we're deprived of carps exactly not not good things that we have in common but we have them. But it did it gave me like a connection with with a guy who I knew I was never going to be on his level and it made me like a huge fan beyond his physique because I felt like he kind of walked me through my perhaps. You know, if he was having a tough time because you know, most pros it's easy nobody struggles. This is just what we do and he'd be like I want a cupcake. You know, and I would see that and I'm like I fucking want a cupcake too. But it did help me feel like I almost killed the guy at 7-11 yesterday. Yeah, I don't it made me feel like I'm not weak for these things that I've I've liked seeing. Right. You don't I mean? So I mean selfishly as a fan I would love to just get some things to where people know who you are because I think that it would be I think you would inspire even more people than you think because just what you said right there to me was inspire and just like I don't do this because it's a decision. Yeah and I hear that and I'm like that's a great decision. You have a reason behind it. You know what I mean? I think just a little too like that. It's like I just learned a ton about you that is so fitting and I think there's a lot of people also who maybe are putting their personal stuff out there because they feel like they have to and you're like no you don't. If I piggyback off that you know just critiquing your social media right now my personal opinion is we need 10 maybe 20% more dog content and I would be okay that would be good. 10 times I was alive. I didn't even know you own two dogs just by looking at your social media now I just from that alone I'm like oh my god this guy's my best friend. I wasn't even sure if I liked you before. Yeah. Exactly. He's got my boy. Instant following you know. I'll tell you I'll tell you I'll tell you when I let's say I put up let's say I have a good day where I put up 20 stories because I got a lot of stuff going on. Yeah. Anything with my dogs in it sometimes a bike trick get the most likes. No one actually cares about what I mostly do. No. They don't actually want to know us at all what you know I'm doing. The dogs all have like oh 13 likes 13 likes 300 likes 27 shares I'm like oh dogs. I saw window decal guys the other day that maybe laugh there's on the back of this lady's truck and it just said say hello to your dog for me. And that's like that's me I'm the guy that's laying down with someone's dog at Starbucks. Yes. Yes. I feel like sometimes do you ever so this is what I go through I'll meet other dog people because I'm in a building with like everyone on my tower has a dog which was like right 50 dogs in my tower. I feel like sometimes when you meet someone with a dog and their their dogs really friendly I go to a level that they even think is like weird. Oh yeah. I'm like get down like oh look at this guy and I'm like yeah I'm with their dog and I'm like and their dogs all I know like I'm like this is an amazing and then I look up and they're looking at me like we might dog alone you say dog or you look. I'm like there's different levels with the dog people too not all of them to the same. Overly happy dog dog lover. What what else is going on in your you know I know you like to stay home for work and you're with the dogs a lot sounds a lot like me. What about the what are you doing through time are you like a movie guy are you watch over a nice restaurant guy are you hard-core into watching yeah do you watch football on Sundays what what are you doing through your spare time spare time honestly me my coach will go on food tours that is what we do we're on food tours so last when we did it was a burger food tour we went to the four five burger restaurants and one day and just tried burgers eight leg assholes five that's even worse than a bang bang if you ever done a bang bang what's that a bang bang is where you have you that's he's like I was not a hockey so there was there was a pretty caught in the way I was really young yeah yeah a bang bang is when you go to a restaurant have a full on tray and then immediately go to a different type of restaurant have another full on tray okay no I and you got it you got to come up like you got it like and you you each have to pick something so like if you're going to do a bang bang it can get dangerous because the one guy might pick the diner and the other guy picks Indian food so now you know diner and Indian feedback to back that is bad you got to do it you got to do it okay and yeah I never thought I would say this but here it comes Ron I hope to do a bang bang with you somebody yes well hold it now hold it now that's more flipped but I like it does he and I go into Germany do some bang bang no how do you ever think you find I'm just doing the bang bang with Ron this time in Germany what happens Germany stays in Germany it's fine yes it's very disgusting it's actually a Louis C.K. thing but I I stole it so you do a food to I love this that is for you I barely knew you and now I'm like this guy is a spirit animal that's the best thing where if you go to visit dusty he thinks it it's now important to go out like four times in one day to eat yes no there will be four restaurant stops if you're with us I want him to know that like we're going to good places I'm take a very good and at the third stop you're at the third stop and you're like so fries again yeah fries are always a welcome side but yeah fries me on a road today okay I get what we're doing here I would have fries in an Indian restaurant by the end of an expo weekend Ron is just covered in veins though that's that's what we see we see Ron on Sunday yeah I look my best at the airport on Sunday morning yeah that's great yeah we next time I come to Vancouver I hope that you're in your off season oh I want to try this little run of burgers or whatever there is I've never done how much time between like are you are you yeah is it the drive time is that the only time between or are you like just a drive time that's just a drive time really yeah yeah maps this out to make it like do you do a restaurant in Surrey and then maybe one in North Fans so you got some drive time okay so yeah yeah yeah so Vancouver that could be three hours you could better off five hours yeah yeah well Matt most of them Vancouver because a lot of niche burgers and man Vancouver but we see Vancouver it's a really cool dress we're in a weirdo spots yeah I mean there's one time we did a 20k challenge as well too so it's just held the count I remember when you did that actually I felt that just shy 10k was too much it was too much I think but don't get it do they they don't understand what 20k is hard it is hard man it is hard I think the only way the only way I was ever able to eat upwards of 20k is I'm not sure if I ever hit 20 I know I absolutely hit 15 but the only way I was able to do it was I had a coach named Scott Abel back in the day and he used to very low calorie diet so it was like it was hard but then he had these super compensation days where he said he believed it literally didn't matter what you ate you were in super if you were in true super compensation everything would go to glycogen and more and your body with story and trimuscular triglycerides with some of the fats and you could basically eat like an asshole for a day right and that's but your appetite was also ridiculous because you were on such a your low calories so your appetite you know you're you know the growing and leptin and the blood you were just you could you felt bottomless and I remember being able to eat 15k calories several times doing that but there's no way I could do it without being sort of starbed out yeah game time to do it unless you could take like hormone blockers that shut off your appetite or I don't know what they got now they probably got a pep dead for that but yeah yeah how bad was that it was bad it was bad I think my digestion was pretty screwed for like two weeks but it was fun those were the odd stuff and you didn't yeah yeah I was going to ask if it was worth it I love that you answered did anybody get 20 did I think Brian and Brian and got 17 I think got 17 but I think he ended up going home the ordered pizza had her dominoes and he ended up passing out and he woke up and was at his front door cold oh and he was like oh he was like that was my 2000 calories and I passed out that's all I needed to get done oh he is also a lunatic this is amazing yeah you're love him I'll all I'll send dusty and Scott is Instagram they'll both love his content yeah this is fan I'm Brandon here here's here's all some up Brandon he'll love this Brandon loves the government me too and he thinks we should all trust them and they have our best interest at heart I think we'll get a lot of well then I should occasionally I occasionally even inspired to interact with one of his posts and I'm occasionally inspired to go up to him at the gym and go good story good story walk away in story yeah don't you say which one you know how did I how did I do did I give Brandon again I hope I don't do a very long show he wanted he's a pillar of the community and a trustworthy man and good to have at West Coast tank area you can so hopefully he watches this he's that tired of your stuff way off the Richter here so yeah you can use your podcast anymore yeah yeah I want to see you kick some asses here buddy I'm gonna be there you know what I forgot to do here you guys you guys talk for a minute I'll be right back he does this to us just drops us off I don't know what you know what I forgot to do and then he just walks away he's just going to take a piss I got to ask you Colin so when you get to Vegas what day do you weigh in and then what day do you step on stage weigh in or on the Thursday at least the Friday I believe no Thursday certain then step on stage the Saturday okay so you have a little bit of time to kind of fill out a little bit but that's not a lot is it I just realized I didn't wear my couch shirt oh let's go look at that let's go that's an acceptable leave this show and I wasn't thinking I was like Jesus I knew I forgot something dusty and the semi guys is the address I'll send you guys one two I love it that's awesome yeah yeah that prep series that's cool turn turn turn on the back I can't see it what's on the back got to give you the back too I need to give you the back you know to this is gonna be a lot of work I love that made of do this oh yeah that's sick that's all right you see a lot of great marketing right there that's fantastic yeah that's sick you're pretty cool pretty cool shirt so so we're gonna be there I'm a new we'll be screaming for you and cheering you on and what's the schedule for you what you got pre-judging at the expo yeah I'm excited sad yeah yeah and then fun okay so the only bummer about this is that the mutant team dinners Friday night you're not gonna be there oh that is a bummer but that's all right yeah I'm sure you won't be at any mutant team dinners because you'll always be doing the L so that's okay there's that we'll drag into one of the other country ones and then we're good yeah yeah yeah yeah very excited for you um you know I think it's gonna be a really break through experience and it's gonna be a great show and mutants excited for you and how do you feel about mutant just having them on board support yet oh man mutants an amazing company um I'm so grateful to be a part of them I mean there's great people a part of them like yourself Ron dusty um it's uh it's an amazing company I mean I love the whole team and I couldn't see myself even with any other company man I love all their products I use all their products there's no bullshit um they stand by people that train hard um and people that are real you know and and that's that's me so I love mutants I love yeah it's uh very very happy to see well said you will brand it up in on your way to the LMP again dude so thank you man where can people reach you? yes so my Instagram is a calendar be body-building um YouTube it's I if you be pro-calamelson I train at West Coast Island I live in BC for a school I'm your Canada so you guys can find me there and I just want to give a big shout out to all you guys for having me on thank you it was a dream come shooting on this podcast I watch you guys all the time I'll prep um and I just want to give a big shout out to my coach man in pettington my fiancee heart free and uh my sponsor mutants elevate uh both pack jet nor yeah look at you go yeah that's got a mom going well it was awesome having you on man and I'm I'm very grateful that we got to see a little more behind the scenes version because now I know you're a foodie in a dog guy and that's all I need when you're in BC dusty let me know you will eat absolutely yeah absolutely and I want to see those dogs more dog content a little more cowbell yeah exactly hey I'm excited to see this three-quarter back double on stage man oh yeah and tastic poser fantastic posing by the way like top-notch world-class poser um you know it's a lot of people need to watch the people who display their physics properly and um it's a great decision one more question dusty guy do you do any posing coaching I do I do you do you do you okay yes because I've got some classic guys and I was like I need to connect them with you but I didn't want to bother before the Olympia so I'll hit you up when it's done but that could be a game changer because I consider classic just a completely different thing they're like what you help me I'm like no yeah I mean yeah I mean honestly yeah sudden overreact now I love what I do is a job so it doesn't matter if I'm in prep and on in prep I'll get that classic bodybuilding I don't you meant to see you I'm sorry and I don't do any women's classes so it's just classic bodybuilding so I'm sorry yeah I'm a warrior you guy over the day for St. K. Dusty a bodybuilder who works what? and doesn't break for shows which by the way is my pet peeves a coach yeah my pet peeves people are about three weeks off I gotta shut up I'm a little nauseous today I don't know if you guys in a week I'm like if you put it up while you're sick don't know sorry so all right cool I'm gonna connect him with you today for sure that's awesome okay thanks Kelly Wilson everybody headed to his second Olympia three time pro show winner great to have you on the show man I'll see you at the gym okay you guys thank you guys please bye