Just my thought is David's kind of redundant to somewhat similar DHTs. If I were to add in, if I went with Mass in Test or Primo in Test, and then I wanted to add in a third compound, I would probably look to a different family, you know, be it a 19-nor or something that's going to be unique and different versus more of something that's going to be similar, you know? Yeah, I mean, there's a lot of popularity over here at the moment for Test Based with Mass in Primo. All three? Yeah, all three. Yeah. And I sort of see a little bit as Mass will tend to act like a swim rather than an AI, where Primo will act more like an AI, but at the same time, I get what you're saying as well, because there are two very similar compounds that have got very similar planes of oxygen and mechanism. What's up, guys? Welcome back to the podcast with Dave Crosslin. I'm Scott McNeely, and all of our programming is brought to you by you. Thank you for the people from Patreon. You guys left us some questions that we're going to cover today. In fact, Dave, we've got about 30 questions. We're not going to be able to tackle them all. People missed you. You were away. You've been doing all sorts of education stuff. You just were, you couldn't even record yesterday when our normal day. What were you doing yesterday? Yesterday, I was talking at a conference at Birmingham, uni. I don't even know the title of the conference. But I was. So I actually did it sort of. It was supposed to be the coldest, a fast time chap, but it was me and a guy called Martin Chandler. OK. Now, Martin was the guy that really got me into formal hiring, we're talking about. I've already been doing stuff off me on back, but it was Martin that got me into the more academic stuff and the conferences and that sort of. So I've been asked about a guy called Professor Jim and Vey. I don't know what guy called Ian Broughton who's a professor of criminology. And we had a chat about criminology and antibiotics or the criminality of cannibalics. OK. And it was more to this quite a bit of research suggesting there's a link between antibiotics, drug users and committing offenses. I could think that. I mean, it's primarily sort of edged on people who take steroids commit offenses. And our take was no, it's more likely people commit offenses, take steroids. Yeah. So the thing is not to mistake usage with a driver towards criminality. And part of that was looking at right rage. I mean, no, I don't think anyone really, the thing is right away was very much immediate and it was coined out a meter exaggeration. And as a result, academia, particularly the harm reduction section within academia, sort of recoiled from that very strongly and as I know, it doesn't have it does not have. We now know that the truth is somewhere in the middle in the fact, yeah, there are always potential preceding factors, but there is so much anteluridence of people, paranoia jealousy within relationships for a primary around the use of trend. But there's a run-up like certain creates situations as well. And the other big area that seems to create situations is driving road rage. Oh, yeah. So the conversation was a lot. It's not that steroids create aggressive people, but there may be aggressive incidents that occur due to certain antibodies. Yeah. So you might get more of an over an action over something that would be normal for an individual because they're around antibiotics. And the big factors were domestic arguments and riding. But the other thing was that someone who's on antibiotics who's particularly focused that go into the gym, they're not communicating with their peers because they're there to get the job done, you know, headphones on head down, they're training hard. Yeah. Many people would perceive that as him being aggressive. Right. I go to him. Well, listen, listen. We got to move on. No, we got to get our questions started because unfortunately, we weren't able to hang out with you. We'd love for that. That's not going to be on liner anything is it? I don't. I honestly don't know. I had to turn it up 10 minutes before I was on stage. Did my base score 2015 minutes and then I have to fly. So it was all very rushed yesterday. And I'm just about catching up from the two experts back to back. But it's being a portion. Okay. Michael Nagler. I like him. He says I like Scott. How about that? Last is going to fall so count. Don't stop without rubbish. All right. Listen. First question. This is from YouTube. Guys, you did a great job. Leave us questions for the last for this episode on the last one. If you want to take part in the next show, then definitely comment below on YouTube or on Patreon. We've got a bunch of Patreon questions today too. We're going to start with this. What he says, he says, uh, uh, I love Dave's dry humor. I have a question for the next episode. Every compound that I've ever used other than test seems to give me painful back pumps to varying degrees. I tried to reen and balancing my electrolytes in the past. But it's never worked. Just wondered if Dave has any uninsight into this and what would help me? I suspect that, I mean, the normal go to it would be something my Tory, but I suspect that there's potentially more of a function ratio around hamstring flexibility in group tightness. There's just been an exaggerate. It's slightly when he goes on cycle, which is then aggravating a little about. So I would definitely look at running through hamstring flexibility, and make sure that he's good and the bloomability is good as well. Because if those two areas are tight, stress from just walking around gets driven up into the lower back. Yeah, I can buy my weight coming down into the lower back, that's the point with a two meat and that's the point where you start again, that's the back pump. So by ensuring you have good hamstring flexibility, that's planar. Clinically proven to increase Dave's aggression. I agree, completely. So, ensuring you've got good flexibility in the hamstrings and glutes will allow those muscles to move and take a little correctly and pulse of the tension out of the box. Yeah, yeah, I can see that plus we're oftentimes we've gone cycle we're training harder, right? So if you're going to get tight so as and QL stuff like that, it's more likely going to happen on cycle when you're training your hardest. Other thing I think is I noticed early on in cycling, I didn't have my nutrition as nailed as I figured out later and you got to really clean up that diet, you know, if you're holding a ton of extra water on cycle, I'd look at that diet first because I think that we tend to, you know, you are going to hold more water, you are going to retain more sodium, right? And I think that if you keep that diet cleaner, you're less likely to have those issues. You may find that you can avoid having those issues except for when you have a cheat meal, you know, I do think that and it may be even increasing fluids, you know, I wonder how much water he's drinking but can he drink more? Not that old, old, definitely potential contributions, yeah. All right, he's going to do iceman. I want as well. Is he in managing his estrogen legs on cycle? We're just going to keep going there. We'll just dive in here and see what else. Oh, yeah. So I've got one about the Huligans. So I'd love if we have time. Guys, Dave's on a boat today, by the way. We might not have time. We might have to cut this show quick because you got to move the boat. But regardless, yeah, we've got a question about the Huligans. People want to hear about them. What about Elkarnetine? Is there a specific place that you want to take at I.M. That is going to enhance its effects more than others. My quick answer is no. Like once you go, I am, it's going to basically just go systemic, right? Yeah, I agree. Without counting, I think there's two points of using it. It's pre-workout or AM faster for increased fat loss. I think that's pretty much it. And if you're doing it pre-something, I would probably be more tempted to go I.M. and sub-Q anyway, just so you know it's in. And it's in quickly, because sub-Q's just going to lay its absorption. But yeah, I don't think that it's definitely a buzz supplement at the moment. It bounced around for quite a long period. You know, there's something that I'm very, very popular. It's a pretty workout. I don't think there's a huge amount in it. It ended there. If you're nutrition is on point and everything else, you shouldn't eat anything else to increase energy levels on your training. But I don't know. I mean, I think that she smiled, guys. Yeah, I found that it helped me with energy levels, especially like dealing with the post-long bug deal. That was like the first thing I noticed that my cognitive function was better. And so I started using it for that. But I do think it helped with fat loss as well. Victoria is a big fan of it for females, looking for things that are going to be non-anabolic that can help people, especially women that are dealing with glucose regulation issues and stuff like that. She could get into something like that for sure. And it doesn't have to be as high as it used to be. Like we used to think you had to take 600. But I found like 300, 400 milligrams worked for me. I think one of the reasons that it's gotten so popular is because they've been able to suspend it in higher milligrams. Like we only used to get 200 milligrams per milliliter. But now with the amino place, they have 600 milligrams per milliliter. I'm not going to say the name of the amino place. I mean, I've used the alkaline in hard courts. And there's a, I mean, all right, it was dose to 1,000. But there's significant increase in energy levels from with the low calorie deficit with alkaline in place. Because obviously it's making that far much more valuable for users energy. So I think it really comes into its own. The cognitive positives of it are quite well known as well and quite well studied. But I do think I do really like it if someone's pushing hard on a low calories and getting to that point where they're struggling even though it for energy, even though it's still quite how it was a body for. Look at this nice little comment. Remembering Dave's health scare makes me that much more grateful that you guys, the work you guys do together here, thanks for us. From Crohn's Electricity. Hey, what was in this can? What was that? What was that? It's geared off to me, self and get away with it. You know what I mean, it just happened. Okay, oh, here's one for you. So several years later now, we still have people that are just now buying the movie under construction and uh, co-aboy. He says just watched under construction. Dave was an absolute freak. Next episode, can we get Dave's thoughts on pushing max calories when Balkan for pure muscle? I don't care about aesthetics. So the first thing is, I don't believe in dirty books. I've not done it myself. I've always kept my diet clean. I've quite happy to push through very, very high. But I do think it needs to be tight and straight. And I think a lot of people make a mistake in books because, particularly the competitive because they're pre-compared to so straight, that they tend to lax off a little bit in the offseason. It works for some people. Doesn't work for me. I'm naturally a fat bugger in the best of time. So I've always had to be super super tight even offseason with big calories. Having said all that, um, it's not a case of just taking shit loads of food for the sake of it. I know there's, there's been a popularity around the really old school sort of approach with the memory with some sort of pushing that sort of just the loads and train out. I think we'll get you so far. There's no denying you can still make progress in that. Yes, pushing for you guys. I think that that could be beneficial. Are you just need to start getting muscle on? No. In our instance, another example, in Usui, Tub's of ice cream in the offseason, as long as he was getting plenty of protein, and he wasn't too strict about anything else. Yeah. But the mantra, I can absolutely insane maniac. You know, he's, he's intensity in the gym, the duration of his workouts with that, and the calorie burn that he was producing while he was training was insane. So there's, there is an element of that, but I do believe in keeping offseason clean, and I also believe in diets being progressive. Yes. In the same year, if you will have progressive overload in the way you train, be it extra weight, about quite reps, more reps, whatever you choose for that progression to be, you need to be progressive with your diet. You don't want to be going from, you know, a 1500 or a 2000 maintenance, so I'm going to ball less than 4,000. You know, incremental. And just keep stepping it up and keep stepping it up. The thing is, what you've got to remember is you get big, your calorie maintenance increases. So if you're maintaining on 2000, you do a ball, can then you've got back to a maintenance of 2000, you're not going to support the structure of Bill. You should, massively be increasing your baseline calories each time you bulk, because you should be carrying more muscle mass and therefore need more calories to support it. Yeah, absolutely. Oh, you know, if you start up for maintenance of two and a 1000 calories and you spent three years progressively bulk it and get in bigger, you should be sort of 5,000, 5,000, 5,000 maintenance by the end of it. Otherwise, what's happened because if you're not growing and getting bigger and you're not needing more calories to support that, then there's something wrong with your progress. Yeah, so, you know, diet's always going to be progressive, it's always going to be relative to the individual. But yeah, I don't be scared of pushing food high, but I do really believe in keeping it clean. I think from most people that that's a big mistake they make off season. Good generally, naturally lean, you can get away with more shit without doubt. But at the end of the shit calories is shit nutrition, it's shit energy sources. It's not going to do anything any good long term. Yeah. If you're going to push hard and you're looking and maybe a two year off season, because you want to come back with some really extra size, then quality of diet is incredibly important, but don't be scared of pushing them. And I think some people ask out to, well, I think more than some people are scared to eat. And it's a case of, you know, you go up three four hundred calories, you monitor condition, if conditions are not worsening, conditions are still good. You can go up again, if conditions start to soften a little bit, you can even pull the calories back or you can hold until it was sort of progress catches up with where you are. And then push on again, but yeah, it's, you need to be progressive, both in training and food. I would agree with that a hundred percent. And I could say that one of the mistakes I made is that I was somebody who for a long time was extremely active. I could handle, I needed a lot of food in order to grow. It was basically a handicap because I was so active at work. And I would add in junk food on top of my food, but to a certain extent, it became counterproductive because it would slow my appetite down and make it harder to eat future meals. Not to mention, if you eat that stuff enough, you're looking at acid reflux, stomach issues. You know, no matter what, when you're pushing a lot of food, you're texting your digestive system. And then you add like two McDonald's and a medium fry and two medium fries and two apple pies. You start eating that every day, which I did on top of my food. You know, you start pushing your digestion. And although it didn't show up as body fit, I do think they did it. It had a negative effect on me in the long term. Now how about this week? Oh, sorry. I was trying to keep moving because we have so many. Let's up. Well, it's just going to say that you may not get fat, but it doesn't mean it's not coming in your health. Yeah, yeah, exactly. Exactly. In my HDL. My believe it or not, my LDL was fine, but my HDL was always in the crapper until I magically, when I came off, all of a sudden, I went back up to 40. I don't know how that happened. How about this? Can you do something on mast with premo? I can't find anything. Is there a reason for that? I responded to him in the comments. Just my thought is David's kind of redundant to somewhat similar to HDHTs. If I were to add in, if I went with mast in test or premo in test, and then I wanted to add in a third compound, I would probably look to a different family, and 19-nor or something that's going to be unique and different, versus more of something that's going to be similar. Yeah, there's a lot of popularity over here at the moment for test-based with mast and premo. All three. All three. Yeah, all three. Yeah. And I sort of see a little bit as mast will tend to act like a surm rather than an AI, where premo will act more like an AI, but at the same time, I get what you're saying as well, because of the two very similar compounds, so they've got very similar planes of action and mechanism. I mean, I'm not a big premo fan for off season. I think it's a nice compound for prep, but I think off season, it's just a bit too mild from a bite of you have actually encouraged in tissue, whereas mast is a little bit more aggressive on that front, so I think test-decker and mast is a lot of little compound for off season, if you wanted to do, you know, if you're edition in a premo level. Agreed. But yeah, you can start quite you one, and an increase in angregions is always to an extent yield a better result if everything else is on point. But the adulteration that those two compounds combine has on HDL, has me concerned long term. We still don't really know how impact in the low HDL is going to be long term, the research, why it's very inconfllusive. The only real relatable fact I have is that throughout all my bulky my LDL was left, because even though I had a ton of food, I used to boil my chicken and meat and strip a lot of fat out of it, and my actual food intake was very, very lean. The one thing I did to have and struggle with was low HDL, and I went with a block to artery, which is a cholesterol-based problem, so it wasn't a low-high LDL that actually was low HDL. So I do think that particularly in the levels that we see in animal abuse, there is a potential risk for high exposure to mass and premo, but having said that decent LDL management will go a long way to offset it. But there's plenty of guys where the LDL management isn't great, but this time in the master of premo, and there are ones that are potentially going to be struggling in five to ten years. That's the problem, it's five ten years down the line, and how do you reach it in ten years time, just something you get at ten years ago, it's difficult to do. I'm another fan. I've said all along that I like the right tool for the right job, and I don't like forcing compounds that aren't particularly designed to bulk with into bulking periods in the same way. I wouldn't actually look at using decarion of corp, you could do it, but I wouldn't naturally lean that way, like you wouldn't use debil in a cotton actually, because you're going to have more problems handling each other. I wouldn't naturally go to premo as a bulk in agent, because the doses you're going to be pushing to get any real major decent tissue effect from it are going to be quite high, where you could use half or a thread that doesn't just run negative. Yeah, and you're speaking more to a more advanced guy. Now that said, you know, a newer, less experienced guy, you know, maybe a load modest dose of premo and mass in test or just a modest dose of premo in test, you know, I agree with you, it's not the best builder, but if you've never taken anything before, or you only get a couple of things, anything. You're so corroborating. Yeah, so I just want to be clear though, because you're talking about guys that are in the game already, I would agree with you 100%. I don't see premo or mass as being especially beneficial mass builders. I don't believe that all that all steroids are created and equal. I don't think that I think there's been some miscalculations in that. There's no questions. Yeah, go ahead. Nice. I know the mechanisms of actions are all very similar, but that's where I think it ends. There is some very strong differences between different compounds. If it wasn't, then I mean you're going to have a look at the industry. There's no shortage of mass monsters from the 80s and 90s when testing deck, it was very, very popular. Yeah, yeah. You're still probably a big fool in 28290, 300 pound guys, I'm in our stage. Yeah. Anyway, I would say this too. The only time I would consider really adding to DHT's is in a contest prep and it wouldn't be for the whole thing. And that kind of ties into our next question. Hey, what's off guys? I have a lot of people who reach out to Man irregular basis who are trying to more effectively reach their goals. One of the biggest mistakes I see people make is that they're not getting enough protein. And there's only so much chicken breast we can eat through the day, but we can easily add a high quality protein supplement to boost those numbers. Triniatrician has just about every protein powder you can think of from high quality weight isolate. If you don't tolerate lactose, then you can use their beef isolate. Or you can use their pea protein isolate if you don't eat animal products. I literally have everything you can think of. I believe in them for like a decade before they advertised with us. And they never went out of their way to say like, hey, we want to promote our stuff through you. I literally asked them because it's a company that I believe in and at the end of the day, I want to see you guys reach your goals as effectively as possible. So if you use our code, thank you Triniatrician, you'll get some savings, you'll help to support our programming and you'll get some high quality products to more effectively reach your goals faster. By the way, guys, you noticed I'm not putting these up on the screen. I think putting them up on the screen has been not helpful for our ability to monetize the show. So I'm just going to read them. He says, um, close for the next show. Hi, boys. Love the show. Glad to see you back in airing on YouTube. Um, so needing help for a prep cycle, competing in September for the first time. He says, I'm not new to gear and have a few cycles under my belt. Uh, he says, I still don't want to go crazy. He said, what are your thoughts on this? So 400 testy, 1 to 16 weeks. Uh, then 700 pre-mo 1 to 16 weeks, then adding in a little bit of witty at 25 every day, 7 through 12 and then adding in a trend A at 300 per week, 9 through 12. I would assume what, so he's saying he's doing a 16 week plan, but then he's only going to run the win in the trend for for up to week 12. I wouldn't do that. I would run those compounds all the, I would run them all the way into the show. Uh, but you share your thoughts Dave and I'll tell them what I think too. Is he, is he's comprap? Yeah. Yeah, cop prep first contest. I would definitely leave the trend and winning to the back end. Um, personally, I probably only running for the last four five, maybe. Both of those compounds? Yeah, I probably start the trend of week five weeks out, bring the winny into the three weeks out. I don't think winning is particularly long, particularly if you lean. Um, I think it'll have a nice effect from the two and three weeks out. Um, you could even it's it's very old school to drop in jectables now, run into a show and it is also very European. Um, but if you can send about lumps and bumps and things like that, then obviously you could drop your injectables a week out, run in just on the winny. Um, but yeah, I don't see the reason for having it, sort of in the middle almost and then pulling it back out again. Right. Right. Um, I'd also be a little bit concerned of a potential rebound issues from, um, eastern general, progesterone because obviously windstalls going to lower progesterone, um, and it's anti-esogenic as well. And you've got a sort of active unaboying, AI in there and then you pull it out. Um, you may get a little bit of rebound going into the last few weeks, which is far from ideal. So I would definitely run them at the back end into the comp. Um, I think the main difference between me and you is that you would probably run them slightly longer than me. Um, but a lot of that depends on where he is conditionness of wise as well. You know, if he's not quite on point where he needs to be, then you could bring him in a little bit earlier. Um, he's only going to help, but, uh, yeah, I mean a lot would depend on how he's sitting condition wise as to if compound times would extend a lot. Yeah. Okay. So here's what I would do a little bit different. He's got the 400 testy 700 pre-mo 25 every day wind and the trend at 300 a week. Those are both like quitting at 12 weeks, like 7 to 12 and 9 to 12. Personally, I would do 400 tests 400 pre-mo keep it at like a 1 to 1. I think that works really nice personally. And then from there, the trend might go in at six weeks out, run it for the last six. And then the the wind would go in at about four weeks out and I probably take that a little bit higher. So, and by the way, trying to do 50 every other day. So less than he's suggesting. And the wind's surely might go a little bit more like 50 every day, something like that. Just for the last three to four weeks. But I run those things all the way in. We're kind of crescendoing into the show. And really it's all going to be about your your ability to get in contest shape. The condition is really the key that these compounds are not going to make a difference. You could you could really get rid of everything and just do the test and then add some wind strill in for the last four to six weeks. And that would honestly be enough for your first show. Like the guys you're going up against at a state level show, you can get absolutely peeled and barium if you're in good enough shape, guarantee it with just those compounds. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, the only thing I probably change possibly is bringing three more ups, like towards the end and possibly even dropping the test down a little bit just so you've got a more eastern generation suppression set up the otherwise yet. Yeah, I would definitely see where we're at estrogen wise a little ways in and then make some decisions off of that. And maybe again then maybe again toward the end, you know, and see, hey, do we want to make any calls to change? But really, I feel like if we're looking good and we're getting the look we want at that one to one, I'm going to try to change as few things as possible. Because I don't want to risk throwing things off. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. I'm saying I'm saying that there's always the question is it, yeah, I look good. Would I look better if I did this? So yeah. And that's where I have an approach really comes in handy because in our own heads, we're always like, yeah, I always want to shoot for a little bit more. But, you know, of course, the Cito said, I'd rather bring guys in at 97%, 95% to 97%, any day of the week. Because if you shoot for a hundred, you're either going to get a hundred or you're going to get a 105, which is spilled, you know, or bad in some way, you know. All right, good. All right. How about this one? Andrew says, and this is from Patreon. He says, question for the DNS podcast. We'll let you guys figure out what that stands for. Because we don't say it anymore. Anytime, I get above 1.5 grams, told a gear, I have an increase in water intake to nearly double just to stay hydrated. Hydration electrolyte intake is normally on point. Never any problems when on lower doses. But when I get to that 1.5 gram point, plus I'm getting dehydrated every hour or so if I'm not consistently taking in a lot of water, currently on 875 tests, 700 masks, and for you growth every day, just curious what the mechanisms would be behind this, or should I just deal with it? Should I deal with it? It happens my last several cycles. So couple of questions, I'll get on to the mechanism why I'm genuinely aren't sure. I've got a couple of potentials to answer it. But it could be more into cellular water. It could be an increased body temperature resulting in more low level sweat in which is resulting in more fluid loss. I honestly aren't sure. What I'm curious about is, what see, why does he think he's hydrated? I mean is this something he's physically measured with a blooddeny scene, sodium adulterations, and stuff like that, or is this just going on because he feels thirsty, or what is gating that he feels is dehydrated? I mean it's no doubt, there's anabolic to go up body temperature rises, and as food consumption goes up body temperature rises as well, and also as food consumption goes up water transit with glycogen is going to increase as well. So there's definitely a few factors that could contribute to the more fluid. Being exactly dull or as extreme as this sounds, I find a little bit bemusing. I'm not for a minute saying he's not wrong, I just curious as to what the exact details are of what experience is to come to conclusion that he's dehydrated at that rate and needs that amount of extra fluid. And it's his urination increasing when he's up in the fluid because if he's up in his urination is not increasing, then that water's going somewhere. Is there is an eastern gym impact here where he's actually holding water more? So it's not actually getting into the cell where he wants it, and it's sitting subterently. Is that going on? Is that what's happening with the fluid? I mean you can hold water, it's actually being dehydrated still because your electrolyte balance is interacting and not just pushing the fluid into the way he wants it. So there's this thing like that, it's his electrolyte increasing with the water. So that he's making use of that extra fluid or not. So there's I've got more questions and answers unfortunately. Yeah, could it be something kidney related? Is there any kind of additional stress that could be happening? Yeah, because I don't know. The reason I'm not able to depend on compounds and things like little pressure and stuff like that, but if these kidneys were, if these kidneys were starting to struggle, and it's definitely an area worth looking at, then you would see water retention, which is not reported in what he said. That doesn't mean it's not happening, but I'm assuming because he's not mentioned he's getting water attention, he's not there. But is there an increase in frequency of your donation? But as always this goes in this, I don't have anything unfortunately. I just got a lot of little things that my heart helped us. Blood sugar can cause more hydration or more thirst. I'll say. Well, thirst, that's it. It's not dehydration. It's not thirst and that. Is that, is there something there? That's why I was saying, easy dehydrated or easy just that? Yeah, that was the point I was trying to make. You know, easy genuine dehydrated or easy just feeding fist. Yeah. How about this one? Look at that comment. Love the show, please do your cardio on cold day. You're talking about how you had been really busy and you had gotten away from doing your cardio. So, you know, the thing is, I mean, with come down here, I'm still working in the office. I've still working full time, but if I'll ask a bit about it, I've just found out that I've missed an appointment, I was supposed to do a console, missed somebody else yesterday, and obviously I'm not there on the internet. So, I'll be sheet. But, um, yes, I, um, surgery is in two weeks on the fifth of April, um, on that I can't move my left arm above Parallel for six to eight weeks for me. So, um, and for the first week, I can't remove the dressing. So, there will be anything happening that week, and then I'm opening it back on it. Okay. Well, we'll all look forward to seeing you recover. You haven't really talked much about this procedure or anything on the show that was all off the year. So, people didn't really know that you were doing it. Oh, yeah, I thought I had, uh, basically I'm having a nice e-d-fitted, which is a bit like a pacemaker and an auto-de-fib. So, it has two shock mechanisms. One is a rhythmic adjustment, and one is a full-blown boom, as you'd get a facet of panels. Um, each more in because of future measures rather than immediate needs. So, the general idea we're going to stick it in now while I can cope with it very, very easily rather than be trying to fit it when I'm six-yod, and potentially have been problems in that as the e-d-fitted itself. It's only a dead case so many in there for five, six, so it was not a bunch of, uh, I am quite limited movement-wise for the period of time after it's with my left arm, because I have a machine that's been dropped into my left pack with a wire running straight into my arm. Hmm, it doesn't sound like fun. Oh, uh, apparently the full-winded fire. All right, how about this one from Jim McDonnelldown Patreon? He says, I've had some really crazy dreams lately, mid-cycle. Is that pretty normal? Do know how much other Steve's taking? Oh, we can't say words like that, Dave. Why no? Because YouTube doesn't like YouTube doesn't like those words. All right, I'm gonna go. That's that. There they go. That must be what this content is about. Bam. Well, no, because of course it is, all right. Well, how much psychostimulating compounds, but administrative, no. Um, yeah, it's, you get an increasing brain activity through an avoidce. This can manifest in several ways. A common one is obviously anxiety, paranoia, that's all the stuff. But we're also, you can change the way you dream and transgotten reputation for giving people incredibly vivid dreams. And it's just, fact that you know, our an activity is stimulated by the un avoidce and it changes, you know, the chemical signal in your brain. And only that, but how active it is as well. So it affects things. I mean, a lot would depend on the compounds you were using as well. Yeah. All right. So we talked a little bit about, uh, Andrew, and he just gives me, Andrew, and receptors in fact, the other week. A question regarding the fat, Andrew, and receptor. He says, he says, I read that the number of cells that actually store fat don't get less in number. They just shrink. So, uh, gas would be that the AR in the cell, that we, was he saying here? My guess would be that AR would be in cell and not the stored fat. I mean, by that, do you mean like, so, so he, I think I get what he's saying that you have the same number of fat cells, whether they're bigger, small. But if you get more fat, the more fat you get those cells do replicate. You will get more fat cells. Yeah. There's those fat cells doing Tracy. Yes. Yeah. And there are the RAS and compounds that will actually remove fat cells. Um, like label section, well, that's not a compound. But you literally get rid of fat. Wherever you, you get that done, you know. Um, so first thing is to understand how compounds are receptors sort of engage with each other. Okay. So the undergen almost along and it will go into a cell engages with the receptor, uh, deposits, signal. And then it comes out of the cell. It can then go into another cell. It can then go attach to a room and sit and convert to estrogen. It can get attached to a HPG or albumin. It can do a new as things once it's converted to estrogen. It can then go in and attach to an ER or it can attach to a CPSBG again and get moves somewhere else. So this is a continual flow of compounds, hitting receptors, releasing from receptors, hitting secondary receptors, or changing through an aromatized process or changing because of five alpha reductase into DHT. And then here, another reset. So you know, an undergen just going to receptor plug-in, do its job and that's the end of it. It comes back out and it will continue to operate until it dies. So when you have more active fat cells and I'm not 100% on the mechanisms that play here so I know that there are areas in fat cells and I know undergen receptors can be attracted to them. Sorry, undergen's can be attracted to them. But I believe as fat cells diminishes they sort of co-absed. The engagement process becomes much more difficult because you've got a cell which has actually been deflated. It's no longer fat and bouncy and you know, and it quite literally becomes difficult for it to enter the cell. So that's why leaner people need less antibiotics and respond better. But I mean, a lot of antibiotics medically are dose body weight-wise to an extent. Basically, when you look at stuff like anodrol and how that's dose for that's dose of migranvequila, in children, this line of high-dose and females and adults. So there's a lot of antibiotics are dose per kilo weight because that's how they want the effect to work. It's something that blood ricks still believes in across the body of antibiotics, mean not so much. But definitely someone carrying higher body fat levels is not going to have the same response of somebody of a leaner, even if then muscle mass was equal. Because somebody antibiotics are taking, they're not going to get used up by the fat but there isn't going to be as much availability for the ARM muscle. Because somebody's going to be tied up in the fat for a bit of something for a brief period of time. So it isn't a case of it doesn't fact in the states there. And as fat cells collapse and disrinct, I'm assuming on this one I must admit, but I believe that the accessibility then to the AR is compromised as some extent. And it's constantly a renewal process, you know, they're in and out, they moved to some finals. I mean you could have a testosterone into the bloodstream enter a muscle cell. Enter the AR, do this even come back out, get picked up by a rheumatoid, concertoeestrogen, don't go into an ER, link them back out, link it picked away a sage, bg, take to them about the body and then die. Body could convert to G, and then go back into another receptor as DST. So there's only things going on all the time. It's a very busy eye way when it comes to the movement of this stuff. I think a lot of people think it goes in, it walks in and that's it, it's don't it's like putting into a stocket and that's nothing else happens. And it's not the case, it is constantly moving on flow. I had one more serious question here, I think, and then we had some fun stuff. Somebody asked me, they said, Scott, I know that you've trained guitarists before. Have you ever trained a drummer? Are there any exercises I should do or avoid? And he says, edit, are there any injuries that I should watch out for as a drummer? Love the show, keep up the great work. I thought that was an interesting question. I can't think of anything Dave that I would do differently. I can't tell you this, I feel like in the band, any band, the drummer is always the jacked guy. The drummer is the guy that has the sleeveless T-shirt on, you can see his biceps while he's doing his thing. Versus, you know, across the board, most of the time that doesn't include some of your more jacked people. Kevin Le Veroni was a, a guitarist, singer and belief. And Glenn Danzig was a big guy, Henry Rollins was a big guy and they weren't drummers, but I think your drummers are usually the more jacked guy. I honestly, all I can think of is that you would have a lot of repetitive use. I could see there being like four arm, elbow, tendonitis issues like that from drumming. And I just feel like, it just want to look out for that, but there's nothing in particular, I would say, oh drummers need to do this. You know what I mean, Dave? Yeah, I would probably say that four arm stress management is where you're going to be thinking and potentially just stuff like you might need to be a bit more reliant on straps and grips when you train in so that you don't overwork for them, then becomes an issue when you're drumming. I suppose that could be something. The other thing is he's possibly down to your level of experience. That's a very good point, random port growth. Yeah, I don't think that was going to work very well in a drumming environment. Yeah, I would say maybe like, if you feel like you're getting some sort of development, ball drumming, maybe think about the opposite muscles. For those of us that sit in a desk all day, we get a tendency to hunch over like this. And everything kind of tightens up and if you have good muscular church, those packs and even if you don't, your packs are going to get tight. They're going to pull you forward. They're going to roll your shoulders forward so that you're standing there like the monkey look with when your hands are forward. Your hands should be like this when you relax, not forward like that. So we want to make sure that like, you know, being able to first stretch the packs number one, that's going to alleviate a lot of shoulder issues, back issues. But then also strengthening your upper back will help to pull you into a neutral posture. So if you're doing anything repetitive, I would look at how is that affecting your physique and muscular church and what can you do? That's the opposite of that, the opposite muscles to kind of keep you in balance. That'd be my idea. I thought, you know, Dave, we we'd had a fun one, we wanted to hear you told us a long time ago. It's been a while. We want to know about the Hooligans. The soccer, excuse me, the football Hooligans of the UK. In fact, I remember you had a story that you told a long time ago. I can't remember what it was, but I had to do with like a bar fight. Well, I don't think that is prevalent as they used to be, but that there was as much as there was a football league. There was a Hooligan league linked to the football teams. Okay. And certain football teams were notorious for having extremely violent fans, Millwall being one of them. We were particularly now for being violent. Broughford, reference C was never a high division football team, but they were a very high division who begins what? And these, these would schedule events. So on on match day, they would have ranged to me at a certain location and be the 10 balls of living snott out each of them. And it was surprisingly well organized and yet to away from the police as much as possible. I mean, obviously it spilled over into matches themselves at a time, but it was very often and particularly as clamped downs became more severe in people's tagging, banned from football grounds because of who the gannison. They would range distance from the ground and literally having arranged war. Between like, I like this particular, I'm an essay sacker, okay? Because when I say football, all I think of as American football. So I'm sorry guys, anybody on the UK has the Millwall supporters against the Arsenal supporters. Yeah, so these are, you know, guys that are for one soccer team, they're like, I like this team, these other guys are like, I like this team and then they're like, let's have a bloody battle and beat each other up to the pole. They were brutal. They learned just a few swaps. I mean, they were getting one and both of that. I think it's past its peak now. I know when we went into Europe with the football, I think it's the pole, some of the Polish teams, they were next level with who the gannison. And we start, we actually start, I'm going to say I think it's calm down a lot over the last decade, but I do remember there'd be an elite fun being killed. Oh, really? In a football league and clash. And I mean, there's been definitely several guys, you know, hospitalized over the years. But I know, I think it was a Turkish football team that leads, if I'm got killed on. And literally every Turkish football shop in Leeds should have, because they went on the rampage, really, really, really smash it up every Turkish above shop, they could find, oh my god. It was brutal stuff. I mean, they did think nothing of throwing missiles, not actual missiles, but like bricks and stones and stuff. They're posing fans' coaches and when there's Ashwin's Queens went through, people got bricks in their head. Weapons became quite common at the peak of it. It was incredibly fun, but there was also a hard call sort of call to it where they were almost quite straight with what they would allow another round. And they were, you know, they would meet or they would fight, but there'd be limitations in the fact that it would only be their face or whatever it was. But there was not limitations and I wish that they'd do this as somebody. Here's a picture I found, I have some wholegins, look like they're just like tearing everything up here. They were, I think they were like England fans, England had a very bad reputation overseas. Oh, really? Yes, so much so that there was, there was a lot of people found from Trifelin. I've seen that, I've seen where there's like pictures in there, like these are the faces of people that were banned. Like it like this, it says football wholegins banned from every UK stadium and after pre-match brawl outside of pub and it shows these four gentlemen. Yeah, this is like people. I could see Dave's picture in this. Could you guys see Dave in this? Let's people that have received lifetime violence from football grounds. They can never go and watch the scene, this is all ever again. So did you have a story in particular? I want to say there's something about like bar towels or something like that. I can't remember what it was. Didn't you tell me a story of working at a bar pub and you knew the wholegins were coming or something like that? I'd have to take way back. I'd have to listen to like every episode, but you work. I can't remember what I used to work in a cotton pier. It's half of England. Okay. Plants and the sea side result. A collection pair used to do all night raves and to get to the pair you went down like a road that became a little short bridge onto the pair itself. It was like a big, not quite a carpark, but there was a big area from the L'API, and there was all these doors for access onto the pair. I remember Millwall decided they were going to call in on the way back from a match and the police that were focused. So they let the Millwall coach come down to the pier and then they close the road off behind the coach and then just left the olders dormant on the pier to deal with them in the water. The police just sat there and watched as old Elbromans. Wait, what do you mean they closed the road? The police didn't want to have to deal with the Millwall funds. So they let the coach in. So they let the coach come down the road to the pier and pull off, let the Millwall funds get off the coach, but then they close the road at the top so they couldn't get out and left it for all the dormant and five in the Millwall funds. Oh wow. And because they didn't want to bother with it. So if I let the dormant soften them up a bit and then we'll go in and clean up the mess. Yeah, yeah. Geez. But yeah, I've had a few space over the years. It's Bradford used to be quite violent. The roughest, roughest city here the guns were where the football team was absolutely garbage, but they were looking to work quite next level. Now, if you saw who will again, would you know it? Like, because I feel like some some are very obvious, but they're not necessarily. What would be like the standard stereotypical look of a who look in? How right back then? I mean we're going back a bit. So that would be rock porches, Stone Island, jumper. Stone Island, they would be the sort of clothing code. Bench German shirts, that sort of thing. Do these guys look like Williams? Let's see. Level like a bunch of knobs, probably for the glitches. It says how the Hulligan style ended up in hipsters Instagram. So I guess that's probably true. No, they look like they were not real who will again. Yeah, it was definitely a sudden fashion trend. Oh yeah, they have like a burberry add. This is a burberry add and it says that like Hulligan culture influenced this clothing line. Yeah, potentially. Yeah, I mean they were quite organized. It wasn't random, you know, I mean they were quite organized. I had a friend who was in Ireland. And she said you weren't allowed to wear tennis shoes into the pub. Back when she went, this would have been like 2000. Oh, there are a lot of the folks created breastcobs. The thing is, as when you were still in the door, and a group of labs came up, you, you didn't want to mean obviously, but you didn't want to directly confront them. So you're not coming in because you're a bunch of rats. Yeah. So you've Ryan Hughes rules that were their establishments rules that you knew they would accept. So one of them was looking at my train. It's made all we don't have our sportswear, you know, and stuff like that. You were refusing them because of something they done that was an acceptable rule rather than saying we're not letting you in, because you look a dick. Yeah. Because then they got personally insulted by here, and obviously that create friction. So there was a lot of us created dress codes to keep a certain look or style of person out with the venue. Well, we went to beddies. We were tennis shoes, and they let it, we were, you know, sneakers. They let us in. Well, that's changed in the last 15 years. I mean even I remember clubs in 20 years ago, I was starting to run out of trainers in. Because the big argument was that training in jeans in a lot of cases costs four times more than the shoes and trousers that somebody else was wearing. Oh, yeah. Any more? Yeah. I mean, the thing wasn't, you know, it required intelligence to assess someone as a person before you let them in the venue, which wasn't always that readily available amongst the dominant. So if you gave them a set of rules that were black and white, they could follow those quite easily without having to use any common sense. That makes sense. All right. Well, listen, do you have any Uncle Dave's wisdom? People of people who sometimes tune in just to hear your wisdom, Dave. They want to know what you think. Yeah, don't arrange for meetings and then not be that, because then you know, can be dick enough to ring open a apologize. That's good. That's a really important one. I'm a bit sure this week as a bird. I think that is a fair, fair advice though. I'm going to say that. At the moment, these last two weeks have been so hard to take. I'm literally forgetting where I'm going and what I'm doing. Are you getting caught up yet though? Yeah, I think I'm going to about 15 reports. This is the first week I've done clients and actually being on time with them. Yeah. But I've got about 15 reports to do, but I've got to answer more to get them cleared. And then I've got a big core report to do, but that's being put back. So I've got a bit more time about what? Is that the same court case that you're there where like, ampute, there was amps and vials like about lots of them? No, no, that one's still not done the paper without that's gone. This is another one that they've come back and more and have it in some secondary report. Okay. Interesting. No, no, it's not. I mean, they want me to reach through 33,000 pages of foam data. Oh, God. Why you? You're the the antibiotics guy. You're not the foam data guy. I'm going to read the data and look for antibiotics. There's not fucking this one. Why don't they put that in like a text file where you can then just like search terms versus have it? Yeah, well, they do a lot of that, but the problem with that is you you often miss a lot of stuff because if me knew we're talking about something of that nature, we may reference the compound of one point, but a lot of the conversation we probably would just talk in general. Right, because we need to talk in about so we won't keep saying and the testosterone and the needs to be this and it's this price and I can get it from you know, you won't say that in every sentence, would you say once that we can be a conversation and never say it again? Yeah, that's it. So you've got to really read them but I need to have a chat with him and see what they want to do with this because did they want me to read through 33,000 pages? They are going to be paying a lot of money. Yeah, yeah and how was the Arnold? Because we haven't seen you since then. You had the Arnold and then after that you had literally another expo like two Wednesday, I think, or something. So you had to choose, yeah, Tuesday, when we normally record. So yeah, so the Arnold's from a point of view of the next one I thought was very good. Okay. There were a few screw-ups in the broad aspect, remember a few stands that had a few problems with their location being moved or each fuse around some aspects of the show, but in general the athletes were there, the stars were there. It was, I thought very good from that point. From a sales point of view it wasn't the strongest, Friday was good, Friday was actually very good Friday. Saturday was okay and Sunday was absolutely terrible. I think the biggest problem we had was Sunday was that where we were located there was no reason for people to come down that end of the expo because it was nothing going on, event wise down but look who Dave got to meet. Yes, I met just in Rome. I think they were as much as like why are we taking a picture with these guys I was, but they probably thought that you were like just a fan, you know, you're like, yeah, possibly. Yeah, you're possibly. Yeah, you brought the camera to like, why is this man holding a stuffed animal? Let's just take a picture with him. Yeah, like kind of like you did, they did you a favor, I think. But you know, there was from from our standpoint of you the visual the standard self wasn't great because it was just a child standard. But the visual engagement was really good. I mean Jesse James West interviewed us on the Saturday. Okay. That was supposed to be a third minute interview ended up being like an hour and a half and then he came then he came and spent a couple of hours on the stand and he interviewed Nathan again, interviewed Jussleur, interviewed Ramanna and obviously he'd use Zach and then we split him the stand in two of the top stare degree searches in the UK. Remember the guy that did the episode with us when he was looking at muscle memory and yes that's awesome. He came to the stand and he brought another guy who's doing a book on on anabolic's not so much a technical book more just a book looking at the use and lifestyle and that sort of stuff. Yeah yeah. Well they were under central Wales as well so they got interviewed by Jesse too. So yeah it was it was a really good vibe in that way. Staff seems to really enjoy it. We seem to have a good time with the staff. The four mechs was a lot different. We were doing the first day. There was some mixle with what we were supposed to be doing time wise so we ended up working 7 till 10 Wednesday, 7 till 10 Thursday and 7 till, well it was supposed to be one in a morning but we got away about midnight on Friday. You mean 7 in the morning just to be clear until 10 a day. And then we drove through the night to get back so I could get a van back for a rate of what Saturday morning because the higher place had it going back out the next day so we had to get it back so so that was a bit tired. I actually enjoyed before and actually it was quiet in the sense of noise. Yeah could talk. Instead of talking to an end user you were talking to a gym owner or you talking to some of their own 40 gyms or you were talking to another business and so it's a lot harder to gauge how they event when because it's probably going to be two three months before we see the results of those conversations. Yeah yeah that makes sense. It gave me a lot of food for thought about what we want to do moving forward and what we're going to do if we do anything moving forward. So it was very positive in that sense but very tiring. But yeah I mean that I think both events were quite good in a way and we've just just pretty much finished designing the new snond so that should be getting me soon. That's going to be for me. Yeah you see I know you didn't bring the the big tent as I call it the bounce house you didn't bring that to the Arnold because it was just too it took up too much space. You did have Jamie the giant there he is I heard he is an absolute celebrity in the UK now. He did and so Jamie came down a stand on Sunday obviously he's got a lot of financial obligation to a lot of sponsors now so he popped down it wasn't for long at 10, 15 minutes or so but I was just glad he could make it to be honest. But what to let how really well as Jamie is on the stand diamond is one of the other glad he actually has six up to last I mean she really is a tall last. She was wandering past saw Jamie to came over to the stand so we ended up with two gladiators for one on the Sunday which worked out really really well. That's but in the Sunday from sort of one o'clock onwards where we were was dead. Yeah okay it was just yeah it was crap. But I found a new swore which I think I might have to tell you cook. What's that? medieval fighting. Oh I could totally see you doing that. I could totally see you in your wife could practice in the backyard or on your barn. Yeah you guys just get on the roof of the barn and do it. It's nuts. It's absolutely these these fucking lunatics dress up in the armor. They they're just the old Arnold too. Just be the living shit out of each other. Yeah yeah. I saw we saw one guy walking out like holding his head you know. He was like oh. How do we from what we know there was one broken leg? One severed finger. Several inches. When they just smashing ten balls of shit out of each other and he's legal it's like I love this and a five this is a broken division as well. You could totally do that Dave. We got to get your cardio up a little. Yeah but they were saying they were so on the Sunday they were doing 12 or 12. Basically they all got just to get the other guy. So it was 24 people just brain. Yeah that's amazing. Yeah I didn't see it happening but I saw it at the Arnold I saw all the guys dressed up in the stuff in the garden. Like I said I saw one guy walking away holding his head walking out of the expo holding his helmet down to decide he looked like he took a good a good whack to the head. I wonder if there's weight classes or would they put up like a big guy like you against a 160 pound guy? There's male female but over the knot that's it. So Dave you could go against like three guys and you take like a big a big hammer. You've got the hammer already. Bring that hammer and just clear them all in one smack. Honestly it's just mental. I've never seen anything quite like in my life. I said to the guys and someone's the role just as you can't get a hitman in those. He said you can't stop them in the neck. Yeah no no no no. It's just about it. It's out. And I think that's a little safer than the slap fighting. At the Arnold they were doing slap fighting and man those guys really pack a wall up. I'd seen pictures of a dude whose face was like permanently like and paralyzed due to slap fighting. That's that stuff's a mass man. There wasn't any of that but yeah it was I actually enjoyed it. I think it's suffered a bit because of previous shows not being as it was supposed to be. Okay but I think this one is to establish that you know the he's now I'm all running there and they are going to do it right and it's going to be the right people turning up. I mean you know Ronnie was there. Phil Heath was there. Some sort of was there. Obviously you're a process was there. I was there. Yes. How do you shop on? For what? Yeah. Well West Vs and another one who's on their team I'm not sure who that guy was. Obviously it was Jamie. Miss Olympia was there. Yeah yeah. You know there was there was a lot of people and a lot of big names more than we've known. It's out a lot of American rounds that we would only see as well. Yeah America I think the US took an interest and at the mutant booth Ron told me the number one question they got is where's Scott so I'll be seeing you at the Arnold next year. I hope not too but you know it's a small I'll not come I'll won't come over I'll be like a I have obligation to mute. I don't know it was terrible for us I don't think we're going to do it again. Oh really? Well you'll have to well have to connect when we are another and Victoria and I want to come out no matter what like this we she's getting things finished up and when she does we are making a grand tour we want to go to the we'll start in southern England and then we'll travel up do a bunch of stuff in northern England and then she wants to go to Edinburgh, Scotland as I know your wife does too so you may not have a choice to hang out with me we might all be going to Scotland together. Well bring your Alma. Yeah yeah we'll practice in the backyard. Alright guys we appreciate everybody for tuning in thanks for watching Trinutrition.com use our code think for additional savings supplement sourced.ca for Canadians, Strom, Sports, Nutrition we don't have a code for them but if they have like a little note thing where you can add notes to your order what should they say Dave? Oh Richard's tone is back. Oh you're kidding me. He was doing so good. Yeah probably try again some sweets or five year old and she told his Alma. Oh god well I have to ask him about that and of course thank you everybody for Patreon. He was doing some content work some content film and they were grappling and apparently there's one of it baked on. Oh geez guys for another episode. Oh you develop a lot of analysis.com go there get your library done by Dave. We're gonna sit. We're hoping Aberdeen actually can doing some of our and the grind city show. Oh really Aberdeen Washington great it's really cool. Oh a different Aberdeen okay. Yes the real Aberdeen not the copy what? Alright guys thanks for tuning in we'll see you soon. Question for the next show leave them.