It's all about obviously matching what you're doing the gym with how much you're eating and what you will have where you are in terms of obviously you prep and how even loaded or how flat you will be at that given time. Yeah. Now my compound work is generally going to sit anywhere between 8 to 12 maximum 15 reps. In a contest prep I actually bring my repetition ranges down slightly because again, because you don't have the fuel coming in to be able to facilitate higher rate range work. Okay. Yeah. We all know that higher rate range work requires a lot of glycogen, right? If you are already flat and you are limited on a amount of glycogen that you have, doing sets of 15 on a compound movement makes absolutely no sense because you just don't have the energy to be able to facilitate that work. Hey, what's up guys? Welcome back to Think Big Body Building Media. I'm Scott McNaly and back with me is Kuba Chellen. You guys enjoyed that last episode. So we're back. We've got a whole topic today. Kuba is going to lay it on you and we've got a couple listener questions. We've got a training review at the end. If you guys have any questions that you want to have on the show, we're not going to make it like a big Q and A show. But we're cool. Take it a few questions plus you guys commenting in all that stuff. It definitely helps us to boost the show up. So thank you for all your comments. Kuba, they came up with like 500 names for the show for us. I think I should see that and I was impressed. So some great suggestions. But we have still more than happy to take suggestions and we'll let Scott the producer. They kind of broke the name for the show. And then we can go with that. It's funny because back in the day, like you needed a name when you had an audio only podcast. And now people can care less. They just want to see like I have you be pro shares trading secrets. You know, it's all they care about. You know what I mean? Like to get more views. But people know it's up. They see the name. They see your name. And they know that we're talking about training. I think that that it's pretty self-explanatory. So listen, what are we going into today, man? Oh, my, it's an exciting one because today we're actually going to call the training to match your fuel intake. And this is one of a deep dive on understanding what training application you need to take. Different stages for your offseason and prep. Okay. And that's it's in part you're you're starting to die at now. So this is something that's getting really important to you, right? Yes. So I'm actually kind of that's exactly what I'm told about. 16, 17 weeks out. Whatever weeks out I am competing this year and I'm in constant spread. I don't know how many weeks out exactly there. I'm because I've kind of just been stuck into the prep and things are moving well. So I'm not really counting out the weeks. It's just more so about day to day for me. But training on Contest Pratt and matching your fuel intake with training. Now a lot of people probably wondering what do I mean by matching your fuel intake with the training? It's very simple, right? Your training should be reflected by whether you're in a calorie deficit or a calorie surplus. So your training will change all the time as you descend back into a deficit. So the certain methods that you will use in a calorie surplus that allow you to have productivity in certain situations when your fuel intake is higher. So when your code is higher, that in essence will facilitate certain types of training and extensions and intensifiers. So I think we need to start from the very very very bottom and we need to call that off season training and also fuel intake. And what it means having more calories in an off season and what it actually allows you to do in the gym, right? Okay. When you are in a calorie surplus naturally to a point, you will have better recovery ability on the gym floor. Now being in a calorie surplus, you will have an abundance of glycogen in your muscle. So you should never be in a place in an off season where you are flat and you don't have pretty much burst in burst in an ounce of glycogen, sagimus or right? Right. Yeah. Of course. So knowing that, knowing that, this is where you can actually add sag extensions such as drop sets, rest poor sets, Widow makers, set past failure. So every single sag extension that you can think of, if you're a recovery allows you to do an off season, this is your time to actually sprinkle that in on top of your programming. Because you are in excess of calories and generally this type of training requires high amounts of energy and high amounts of carbohydrates. Right. So in an off season set, it's generally where we can afford to play our revolving and increase the training volume, whether it's directly by adding extra sets, right? The easiest way to increase volume or indirectly increase in volume if they're at the directly through sag extensions such as drop sets, rest poor sets and all the Pramage stuff that's more demanding and you would point a bracket of more metabolic work, right? Absolutely. Right. So knowing that, this is where we talk about matching your training for different fuel intakes. In our office and saying, it's basically, you can progress your sets, you can still add those say extensions and you will have absolutely no issues recovering from them, session to session, and being able to have a progressive training block until you reach a point where you need a deal load, reset and go again. However, the game completely changes as soon as you start going into a calorie deficit, because then you are going to go into a place where you are not as glycogen load anymore. You are in a calorie deficit, which means that to a degree, you're not going to be able to stay constant full in the gym. It's just not possible, right? At the beginning, at the beginning of your diet phase, you won't feel it anymore, be a significant bit because you have higher body fat levels. So, you know, cover capabilities are still quite high, but your priority in a contest prep, whilst you are dieting, is staying a stronger possible. We know what build the tissue will hold it there, and I always tell people, right? If you can stay strong in a contest prep and you are not adjusting your form and execution to stay strong, you will stay big. It's literally simple as that. The only time I have ever seen people lose muscle tissue in a contest prep is when the variables at hand wasn't accurate, whether it's the nutrition recovery or training. And they got a weaker. The simple easiest and quickest way for you to get weaker in a contest prep is by adding, say, extensions, drop sets and all the work that requires higher amounts of food to facilitate it. So, this is where the pendulum swings as you start to shift in a contest prep. And the first call, first call, first, first action should take, as you start a contest prep, is pulling out any say extensions. So, personally, the second I start a contest prep, any exercise that I have a say extension program in, and through a say extension, it could be anything, it could be a drop set, it could be a response set, it could be anything that you do to extend that set, it doesn't matter what it is, it's just a say extension, right? It all brings about the same goal. For me, the second that transitions a calendar deficit, whether it's a contest prep or a simple diet, that is the first thing to come out. And that in itself should see a decent enough reduction in volume, which then in turn gives you a lot more recovery ability to be able to stay stronger and even to a degree. At the first portion you can't just prep, you should still see your performance retain, hold or even progress throughout the first portion you prep. If you have all your variable set, and obviously, if you are going to contest prep of the back of the health phase, and you are also introducing some of the special supplements and special source in extra creating, that actually, that actually creating should not only work as a tool to prevent muscle loss, but you should also work as a tool to increase performance. Now, knowing that you are already a calendar deficit, you're not as glad you're loaded, it only makes sense to stick to working sets that are not going to be quite demanding, and not going to be more so biased towards metabolic stimulus and trying to get a pump, because how are you meant to chase a pump or even get a pump to the same significance as you do in an off season when you don't have the food to support that. So, this is where I think people make a massive mistake with training, as they go into a deficit, especially the deeper it's a prep. You have to accept that the pump is probably not going to be there, nowhere near to the same degree as it was in the off season. Yeah, it's a different game, it's a different game. All this by the way, I just want to say to all this by the way, hinges on your training haven't, having already been in a good place to begin with, right? You're in a position where you have the right amount of volume for you, now you pull those set extensions out and now you're able to have that increased recovery ability. But you're, because I think that it is a different topic, so I don't want to get us off on that, but I think that this hinges on already having that foundation, you're not overdoing it. You're not trying to do push-pull eggs six, seven days a week already, because I see that in guys they listen to us talk, and they say, yeah, I want to train like Cuba, but they're training seven days a week. So just to throw it out there, all those things have to be fixed first in order to get where you're talking about, sorry, I had to jump in and say that. Yeah, it's a great point to be honest, because in order for all this to work, everything I'll just spoke about, right? You need to have your set programming. If you do not have set programming, you don't know how much work you do for each day. And your training is, I want to say instinctive, because it should never be instinctive, just that you shouldn't eat instinctively. Yeah, you should know how much work you're doing on each and every single day. And then it's much easier to transition to a contest prep and knowing that right. This session I've had 17 work in sets, and I've got 17 work in sets, I had three or four sets that I had set extensions. Pulling those four sets out gives you a lot more breathing room to actually recover and then be able to continue progressing into your prep. Yeah, because ultimately, there's nothing more to moralize in than someone going to a diet phase and losing strength, losing size. And I think a majority of that really happens through people not managing the training volume correctly and not really managing or matching the training style with the fuel intake that's coming in. And you will see a lot of top pros do drop sets and only sex tensions in even a contest prep. Yes, but is it something that's going to work for you? I've found much doubt it. And could they potentially do better without doing all that work? Potentially. And another consideration is these guys are predestilated, 677 grams of carbon hydrates. So that is probably not applicable to the 90% of public watching this right? So if you have not got a program set first, make sure that you have your program in set. And if you're all working with a coach, he should take care of that. I mean, do you work with any clients at the moment that don't know exactly what they're doing across each other? Or across each other's English session? Ideally, yes, they do. Exactly. Now, how much easier is it for you to manage that training going to prep knowing that you know that a cup is going to take a hit? It's much easier for you to manage and be like right, Steve. Steve, you're not recovering from these sessions all the sudden you lose in a lot of strength. These sessions are the ones that are most demanding. This is the session that we will lower your volume slightly with. Now, in order for you to do that, somebody needs to be following a set plan. This is why I truly believe this is what I truly believe. There needs to be a foundation bill. From that foundation, you then build up your training around it, into an off season. And then potentially be able to progress your stimulus in an off season through additional work, additional sets, set extensions, Resport sets, drop sets, when you're fuel intake, your calories are high. So you build up to almost like your maximum tolerance. And I'll give you an example, right? On my push sessions, my maximum is like an recovery from is around 18 working sets total for my chest shoulders and tricep. Okay. And I can recover from that every five days. Okay. Now, that's my absolute peak. And what that means is the second are going to a contest prep. That's my baseline set. First thing, I remove the set extensions, which then allows me to have more buffer time and allows me to hold that static volume for a little while until I see a slight drop off in training performance. Now, generally, how to gauge that? You will get to a point in an off season, or sorry, in a contest prep, where you will do certain sets. And you will notice that you either lose a pump or you lose performance significantly into these sets. This is where you would simply remove that set and focus more so on the quality on the work in set that you have prior to that. Yes. Absolutely. So this is where people have to always be mindful of what training style they do and how they approach the training in order for the training to be able to match. How much fuel is coming in at that given time? It makes absolutely no sense for people to try to do all these set extensions and metabolic work, which requires a high surplus in a contest prep. It actually makes no sense. And I think that's probably one of the biggest mistakes people make when it comes to trying to hold more so to show in a contest prep. And in turn, I think this is where a lot of people put themselves into a state of massive fatigue and then, you know, having to almost grind through these sessions and chase a pump, which then it's not going to be existing. And it's something that I'm noticed with a lot of guys who don't have a deep understanding that training doesn't always have to reflect in a massive pump, especially in a diet. Yeah. It's hard to do that because you feel like the pump is satisfying. The pump gives us that sense of, hey, I accomplished something. And even though I'm losing fat and I've been somewhat depleted, I feel like I'm scratching my shirt out now. You know what I mean? It's a good feeling and people want to get it. So I get it. I get where they're coming from and I've been there, you know? Yeah, I completely understand it as well. But the last thing you ever want to do whenever you prep is chase a pump. I just don't think it's ever going to lead to any good outcomes because all of that happens, Scott, is people just started doing extra sets, actually trying to get a pump and all they're doing is just depleting more and more. Yeah. And they're not actually getting any quality work, right? And we're both know that now, with all the evidence that's going on and anecdotally, we know that the quality work is what's most important, right? Yes, it's all just the work. If it was just a work that was important, we could let's just snap home and just do press ups. Get a little pump and we won't have to go to the gym, right? Yeah. Yeah. It's the, it's the, basically the novel stimulus doing something in some way that to trigger that growth in it. It doesn't have anything to do with the pump. It's just look at the human body. I mean, if we, if we just say, hey, I'm a human body that's doing some activity in my environment, my body is going to be triggered to produce muscle because because that stimulus was hard enough or, you know, my body recognizes, hey, we don't need to keep this muscle on it. At the end of the day, the body doesn't want to hold on to new lean tissue, you know? It's metabolic, it's metabolicly expensive to have muscle and we would rather be more economical. Our body wants to be as light as possible, you know, it'd be as thrifty as possible. So it doesn't need to have all that muscle on there and really, man, I'm with you that it's just about getting that trigger in your training, which has no relationship to the pump really. The pump is a nice added bonus, but it's not what's going to keep the muscle on. I agree 100%. Yeah, pump is less than a byproduct of what you're doing the gym, but you have to remember that the pump is not always going to be there when you are trying to get lean, especially at the level that you, at the level that's required to be competing, right? Yeah, the crystal of the barricap, you've heard a crystal for right? Yeah, so he actually did a lot of an experiment on himself when it came to, it in a contest prep and a counterman exactly and Chris can, we can probably pull it out from what Chris actually did. And he actually didn't experiment where he did some tests to actually see how much muscle he held throughout entirety of the prep. And his volume is volume over time actually came down a lot. And as a natural athlete to be able to retain them out of muscle that he did, just focusing on training performance, staying strong, not chasing a pump. I think that gives us a great reference point of what we need to be looking at, especially adding a lot of creating on top of that, because we both know having the ability to sprinkle a bit creating on top of this. Only allows us to have much more chance of growing into the show, but also making sure that we absolutely will not lose an ounce of any muscle tissue if we pay our cards right, going into that prep and making sure that the training and the fatigue around the training is managed well. We also have to make sure that we are putting the work in that is going to the base of that because all this that we're talking about right, it is only applicable if you are truly putting the work in the gym floor. If you are not working hard, you can forget about all this that we're speaking out because it's not going to be applicable anyway, shape or form. So we definitely need to make sure we're kind of throw that caveat in there because I think at the moment we've got a lot of theoretical bodybuilding that's taking place. People that people that live in the theory instead of practical world and I get it all the time, so I'm so opposed about training, it's like taking some, there was one comment the other day actually on a poster I made and it was like taking some stress is not optimal. I was like according to these studies blah blah, I'm just like listen. No disrespect, but these studies are complete, there are made on people who have no idea, there are made on people have no idea how to train. I mean, none of these guys are doing remotely anything close to what we are doing in the gym. No. So it's like, this is what I mean, it's like, I don't know where we've seen this shift in the history where people are looking more so for theoretical evidence that don't give me wrong, it should be applied to a degree. They refuse to see what's practical and what we are talking about even right now, it's all practical evidence that I've seen with myself were clients and I've done over and over again, I've made them mistakes and I've seen it happen in my own eyes seeing what happens if I do this or I do this. There's no better study that can be done apart from the one that we do ourself with our own process and we also do our own clients. I mean, with both work probably hundreds of hundreds of clients right, many on the stage and everything else. So we know how this process works and the keys that actually commented it's not even about a middle. It's just a guy that was supposed to do it, right? Yeah, it's like he doesn't have a place. I'll tell you what though, man, here's the thing, I think at least we have this at the channel here. I think the majority of the people that are listening to this show are on our side with this, you know what I mean? And the end at the end of the day, I think it's just a shift right now that's happening. It's kind of a new thing really. You know, there really weren't any studies in the past, so now we're seeing all these studies and I think people want a black and white answer, you know, new people. They want to be told, hey, this is how you do it, this is the way and it's not as what we're talking about, I gotta tell you man, it's not as black and white and it's not as easy and there's going to be variables between everybody. I wanted to ask you though, so you said on your push day, you're doing about 18 sets, right? 18 working sets and you were able to repeat that every five days. So I would consider that to be a decent amount of volume. Probably more volume than my body would be able to handle. I'm probably going to be lower than that. In fact, I'm surprised because I know the intensity you push, which tells me you've got an ability to hand, you've got some pretty good recovery on your side. Just to take this a step further of those 18 sets, how many of those are like a compound chest movement. See, that's a great point because not all volume is created equal, right? So out of the A, you know, concepts, they will be six sets of actual compound work. Okay, gotcha. Okay, and then I had a, I had a, kind of a follow up then. So of that six sets, when we're talking about bringing the volume back as needed as we get further into the prep. Would any of those sets be removed as you get closer to the shell? Well, you'd be doing less of those, because I consider those six sets to be the main meat and potatoes then of what your workout is, you know what I mean? So that is a great question because the way I structure training, right? And it's going to follow on and we've just watched us speaking about, right? It's all about obviously matching what you're doing the gym with how much you're eating and what you really have, where you are in terms of obviously your prep and how even loaded or how flat you will be at that given time. Yeah. Now, my compound work is generally going to sit anywhere between eight to 12 maximum 15 reps. In a contest prep, I actually bring my repetition ranges down slightly because again, because again, you don't have the fuel coming in to be able to facilitate higher rate range work. Okay, yeah. We all know we all know that higher rate range work requires a lot of glycogen, right? If you are already flat and you are limited on a amount of glycogen that you have, doing sets of 15 on a compound movement makes absolutely no sense, because you just don't have the energy to be able to facilitate that work. Yeah. So my preference because my goal is to stay as big and strong as a physical come. I would avoid removing sets from the compound work. Okay. They are straight sets. They are sets to failure, not pass failure and generally done in rep ranges of eight to 12 repetitions in a contest prep. Generally, when I will start to pull the volume away, is always going to be isolation work. Why isolation work generally is always going to be done in slightly higher at range. Higher rate range work, higher rate range work does not lend itself to have the biggest benefits in a contest prep when you are getting quite lean and your food is not high. So my preference in that instance where I know my volume needs to be lowered, I would potentially pull one set away from an isolation work from a chest. Once set away from isolation work on my belt and one set from an isolation work on a tricep. Bringing the total volume down to 15 work in sets, removing some of the removing some of the higher at work, which is going to create a larger demand on you. That given time. That makes sense. Absolutely. So you are still keeping that mean meeting potatoes work in there. That's not going anywhere. If you are lowering the rep range though, does that mean because you are obviously still going to failure? Does that mean you are going heavier when you start the prep than in the off season? Oh, great question. Yes and no. Because when I transition to a contest prep, I already have almost a set point in my health phase where I adjust my rep range as slightly. So because generally when you do go into health phase, your recovery capabilities are going to be slightly lower because you don't have that extra crater going in right. So this is where generally I will go through almost a pre prep phase where I already start to pull my training repetition ranges a little bit lower, more within that range where there would sit in a contest prep. Okay. But food is still quite high, so I don't really remove any extra work last I could still recover from that right. But generally, I will not actually go heavier in a prep. I would prefer to actually, instead of doing a top set and a back of set, I would probably do two sets with the same weight where the first work in set will probably land me 11 or 12 reps. That happens. I will take that set again with the same load and probably hit 9 reps. Okay. Yeah. That makes sense. Yep. That makes total sense. I'm with you 100%. That was good. I'm sad I guess that then. Yeah. I was a great question to be honest. I was a great question. 100%. Yeah. I think because at the end of the day too, then it just makes sense to me and at the end of the day, those are those mean success. That's the really the most important thing. Even if you didn't, if you weren't able to get anything else and even I think you would, you would still probably get the majority of your benefit from being able to still do those. Absolutely. Absolutely. I think that is the meat potatoes of the session, right? That is where we get stuck into the big compound lifts. On my push session, this would be generally either a flat press and an incant press and a dip variation. Okay. You like dips, huh? So that would, yeah, I love dips. When it comes to push work, dips cannot be beaten when it comes to the compound lifts. Okay. I like the dumbbell incline press. That's my jam. I would go as far as to say I've had a love affair with that movement. Like I've fallen asleep thinking about it, woken up excited to do it, you know? Enough, so much so that I made sure I got heavy enough dumbbells for the home gym that I could train from home and have it right here at the house. Got the exact bench that I like using, you know, and it's that's my jam. Let me ask you this. So I don't know if this is completely related, but since we're talking about prep then I want to know, do you change your exercises at all? Do you say, you know, as needed, you go to machines instead of a freeway or anything like that. This is exactly what I was going to go on to right now as the next step. Right, right, the big one, the big one. I'm going to set you now, Scott, as well, big time because I know you love your incline dumbbell press, but unfortunately, as we transition into a contest prep, what do you think would be the first movement for me that I would pull out? You'd fuck be better not. That's all I got to say, you better not. That's what you said, you made it. Unfortunately, it would be the dumbbell press and I'm going to give him a force and reason why and then you can see if you're going to agree with me or not. Right, and again, I probably would pull it out. I wouldn't pull it out if you were so attached to it, but I would change the way you'd lift it slightly. So I'm going to give you two perspectives, right? All right, go in some prep. Which body fault do you think loses most strength and why? I feel like a lot of people lose strength in their pushing movements. And I think that's probably I would say number one, and if I had to go with a number two, I might say legs, but I think that maybe that just has to do with a fuel source issue. Right, a couple of things. Yes, fuel source issue as well. Yes, but I don't think it's as you drop that initial amount of body weight. You lose external racing. So, the heavier you are, more weight you carry, more internal racing you have. So the bigger you are, the more low you will lift, weight moves weight. Absolutely. So the first thing you will always notice whenever you are going to prep is your push work will always take a slight hit initially. And the reason for that is you simply lose stability. You don't have the same amount of body weight to be able to support that sort of lifting. So my first part of call, when transitions are consistent, if you are, for example, there was coach you Scott, in your programming, you've got dumbbells in your push days, you've got a free bar squat or a safety bar squat in your pull day. Sorry, you're leg day. And you've got a just a stiff leg deadlift off the floor on your pull days. Right. My first part of action would be removing the dumbbell work and replacing it with a machine on your push day. Reason why. And machine is going to offer you a lot more external racing, which is that you can lock yourself into a machine. It's much safer. There's no moving parts. You lock yourself in and you have more stability, more safety, especially as you get leaner and as you lose body weight. Secondly, mentally it's going to be less impactful because you've got a fresh exercise to get stuck into, which doesn't leave you of an emotional attachment to certain load. Yeah. Right. And you've got a fresh start there. I like that. Realistically, realistically, if you have been doing dumbbells, you are going to go into a machine and you are going to feel extremely strong in a machine. This is why I think there is merit to utilizing some free weight work in your programming in an offseason setting when it allows to happen. And where I believe free weights are the most applicable is always in programming, deeper into the offseason when you are heavier. And again, we've talked about the fuel source and our training right for prep and offseason and how you should match your training to match your fuel intake. However, your exercise selection should also be dictated by where you are, where you are prep or offseason. So offseason, you won't movements that will challenge your stability because you have a lot more internal stability with more body weight. Right. Go into prep. This is where you will move these movement patterns into movements that are more externally embraced. So, your safety bar squat would then move onto a hacksquat. You're stiff like a deadlift that you pull enough to floor would then potentially move onto a paused RDL which is going to be giving you more bank for your book because then you are forced to use less load and use more eccentric control. So you're reducing load exposure and I think you're increased your stimulus to fatigue ratio in doing so. So, with taking these shifts with exercise selection, taking these shifts with your safe extensions and volume and again, whether you're coming up and down, all this will do is it will improve your stimulus to fatigue ratio, going to a contest prep, which then in turn leads to easier fat loss. That's a muscle retention and potentially even if you do use creatine on top. You will recomp and potentially grow throughout the first portion of your prep. If you do make these decisions at the right time and pull the plug based of the feedback that you get for your body and you are smart with your programming with the training volume and exercise selection and the hands. There's that big sense. Yes, question. So, now, and I think this is important because I think, you know, like I said, people are looking for a black and white answer. So, when you say, I'm going to pull this exercise and switch it to this, you're not pulling that and changing it to something else out of dogma because not wearing contest prep, right? But tell me the reasons, what would happen when we got to the point where you're like, hey man, let's stop the dumbbell press. Let's go to a machine. What are you seeing to make that to make that call? So, generally, it would have done based off. More so loss of strength and that will happen as soon as you lose that first initial 10 pounds generally. Okay. Personally, for me, whenever I use dumbbells in the last season and I transition to a prep or a diet, when I lose my first 10 pounds and I go into any dumbbell press, I feel like Bambianais. Now, just don't have the same. I do. I do. I don't have the same power. I don't have the same stability. I don't feel as safe and powerful handling dumbbells when I am lighter. I know what you mean. But when you go up in bodyweight, it's not a problem because you just get stronger and stronger, especially if you start to weigh more or your squat pounds, you're doing my pressing. It's going to absolutely take off. But I did tell you, right? I was going to mention another thing, right? Which is, if I'm working with Scott and Scott has any men's passion for dumbbells. He wants to keep them in. We probably wouldn't pull them out. I would probably keep them in. Even though we know it's probably not going to be the most productive option. There is better options. However, if Scott wakes up and is excited to do a dumbbell press and is dreaming about it and he refuses and it doesn't want to take out, then I will keep it in. However, what I would then say to Scott is this. Scott, we're moving into a contest prep. You are dropping bodyweight, you're getting lighter. I want to keep you in a free. So what we are going to do now is adjust your set up with your dumbbell work. We're still going to keep them in. I'm not going to take them away from you now. But what I want to do now is slow down your centre even more and I want you to count to two with every single rep that you take in the stretch. Okay, down to the bottom. So you get to the hole. Yes. One, two, drive. I know press. What that will do right. Let's say if you're pressing 160 pound dumbbells for 10 reps. We can pretend that. Scott has been pressing 16 for 10 reps all these offseason. It's smashing out a park. Making that change in the way you performed that lift will reduce the loading of massively. Absolutely. So this way, I'll ask you a picture, Cuba. One second, sorry. Well, so this way we get to keep an exercise that you absolutely love. We get to keep you nice and healthy and productive and safe. Right, the contest, because the load exposure is going to be reduced significantly through addition of extra tempo and the pause in the stretch. If you're pressing 16 for 10, you're probably going to have to drop down to 130 if not lower. And you're probably going to get 8 reps. So this way, your staying safer, your connective tissue is not getting as much of a beating, but you are still getting a very high quality amount of stimulus, which is what we are always looking for. So, all the listeners, whenever me and Scott speak about anything on the show, we do not speak in absolute. There is always something that we will have to adjust based off someone's preference. There is nothing in this game that is set in stone. There is no most do things and there is no rules to this game. However, as long as you are aware that something might be a better option, then we're all good. Yeah, as long as you are making an informed decision about the action you take, and you understand that every action has a consequence, whether you're training or your diet or the drugs you take, then we're good. Yeah, you've also got people that might be training from home like myself, you know, and I do, I'm lucky enough to have a chest press machine, so I could make that change, but not everybody is that lucky. You know, in there are going to be some things that, you know, hey, these are my limitations. This is what I'm capable of, these are the options that I have. You know, I mean, I've met guys that say, don't even have a hamstring curl at their gym. I mean, that's, it's not ultra flex. You guys have everything you need over there, but believe it or not, gym's like that do exist, you know. So, yeah, I'm just saying, I guess that's one other thought too, is like, well, what are the options you guys have to work with? Or we do have a chest press machine, but every time I use it or hurt my shoulder, it's garbage, you know. Now, look, I know that there's probably been a lot to take in with what we spoke about today, but if people have questions and they want us to cover all the questions, what the kind of new separately as well is if we do get like, if all the questions in a off the back of the episode, we can probably do a Q&A episode and cover every question to keep people happy as well. Especially the people that pay you to run a stuff like that, if they've got any specific questions to what's spoken about today, because we've kind of jumped about from topic to topic a lot of bit, but I think, everything was spoken about kind of fell in in like a bit of a time and through it. Yeah, at least for me, my brain tracked for the whole time. That made a lot of sense to me. That's the most important thing, that's the most important thing because look, I want people to take some bit away from this, and I want people to implement this with their own training and with the clients, so that people can come away from the show now and be able to make more informed decisions about what they can do to get a little bit more from the training or whatever we speak about in every phase they do, off season prep, whatever it is. We want them to be able to get a lot of them most from it, so join a little bit of recap of what it's spoke about and always took notes and let's get cracking. I don't really have a recap, but I did want to ask you this, so I wanted to almost apply this to you today. You said you're 16 weeks out, so how long ago did you consider yourself entering the diet phase and have you made any of these changes to your training yet? Oh, awesome question. So, I let me just get my, let me just pull my check in, I'll do check in with myself actually. Oh, don't get it. You have everything's saying, yeah, of course I do, you've got to come on Scott. All right, I treat myself like a client. It's important, man. You gotta take pictures. I tell people that all the time, you gotta take your own pictures, even if you're not working with someone. Otherwise, how are you going to be able to see what your progress looks like and, and I know you, you've got everything written down, so that's perfect. Always track up, I'm a look. There's this one thing that I like and I'm, you know, relatively relative, okay, is definitely this. But that's just one thing. Anyway, right, so my pre-prep diet phase, so, in fact, wait, I'm going to take it from the start. Off season into pre-prep into holding phase and prep. Is that all right? Yep, that sounds great. Can I, can I, can I, I'm at this out for you and go over that, right, that'll make the most centre, right? So, that if the first of July was a start of my final push-up before prep. Okay. That push-up was a 14-week push-up. And it concluded on November, sixth of November, I started my pre-prep diet, which lasted five weeks. I dropped off around 14 pounds in that phase, and then I transitioned into my maintenance phase and holding phase, 11th of December, the holding phase lasted seven weeks, also, at a transition to my prep on 22nd of January was my first week of prep officially. Okay. Jufan? Yep. Right. The transition was training happened in my pre-prep diet phase. Okay. Why? Because you're holding straight-prep phase? No, no, no. I wasn't losing strength, actually. In fact, in my pre-prep phase, I actually gained strength. You did. And I progressed all my lifts. Yes, sir. Why? Oh, you're changing your rate, but you changed your rep range at that point. Is that where you changed that? I've just many rep ranges. I've just been training volume, I actually brought my volume down a lot a bit. And in terms of sex tensions, personally, I am more of a fan of force reps and widow makers. So, for me, I removed all the force reps, all the widow makers, and I also removed sort of the rest process that I had at it. Okay. So, my changes to my training volume started in my pre-prep phase as I started to lose body fat in that pre-prep phase with the removal, with the removing of the additional volume that I had with the rest force sets and the force reps, I was able to progress my lift because I had better recoverability. Gotcha. And, the creativity was still in place at that point with the entire time. Okay. Right. Next step. Maintenance phase started with a deal out. So, I took a deal out there, then I had a holding phase that lasted six weeks. So, during that phase, I actually reset my execution and my load in across all my lifts. So, it was a 20% reduction in load, roughly, on lift I need it. And I basically made sure that everything left was executed with much harsh attempt po, spending more time in the stretch. And basically, my approach was making every single lift as hard as possible. So, with that in mind, I was able to progress my lifts gradually throughout my holding phase. Now, let me tell you to prep what happens in prep of the health phase. Creating goes up from five grams to 10 grams. Okay. When you're creating goes up, when you're creating goes up from five grams to 10 grams, naturally, your recovery capability will increase. Yeah. So, training volume right now remains as is because my training capacity has increased through addition of extra creating, allowing me to take even more progression on the gym floor, last keeping the form standardised. So, what do you think that means now in my first portion of the prep with me actually gaining strength and progressive on my lifts, whilst losing body fat and losing body weight every single week? You could be even growing muscle right now. Yes, sir. Another thing that's quite important. Since I started prep four weeks ago, I have not made a single change just yet to my diet or expenditure. And I am still losing body fat, losing weight on scales, ish, but my pictures are looking significantly different weeks a week. Okay. Yeah. So, this gives you an overview of how you can manage your prep in order to keep making our progress in gym floor, because I have to do this for me personally. Why? I have a massive emotional attachment to training and training performance. If my training does not go well, I will be in a horrible mood, and I will not want to do anything. Because that is one of my source of happiness and it's my passion, right? When you have a passion for something, right? You kind of need to sustain it and need to keep it going, right? So, for me, I need to think about what can I do throughout my off season and then transition into prep and even my health phase and then prep to be able to maximize my time on the gym floor. Now, maximize my time on gym floor. Doesn't just give me what I need mentally, but it also gives me what I need for a physique development standpoint. I allow me to bring a much better package, what it comes to display and if it's a good stage. Sure. Was that a for us? Oh, that was something. No, this is good. I try to take it all in, I try to take it all in. Yeah, yeah, and I think too. This would be interesting. I think this is something we should revisit and I man, I would love to hear along the way the next time we do an installment. I'd love to hear an update and I think the audience would too to know like, hey, what's happening now where things going, what are you seeing and how are you adapting to it, you know? Absolutely. More than happy to do that. More than happy to do that. Next time I can probably cover my training frequency and what I've done, what I've trialed and how my training has been shifting as well in a bit more detail. Look and cover that too. That sounds good. So we had a couple listener questions and guys, if you want to ask any questions, then definitely become anything that you're not clear on too. You know, definitely comment because, Kubernetes, we'd be happy to talk more and end up about that stuff. But one of our listener questions we had, guy was asking us about cluster sets, rest-pause sets and how do they work? He says, I have found them to be very good for my progress in training, but he wanted to have just more insight into how to implement them. Amazing question. And if he has already listened to this show, he will know exactly when to implement them and how. So cluster sets are an amazing tool and any set of set extension, which, again, cluster set is more so going to be a fun way to completely completely destroy yourself. Well, again, what I would implement them is in a place where you are in a high surplus and you are deep into your season. So let's say, what's the first name? It's like user PZ6HS6WI6F. Repeat that. Let's just call them Steve. Let's just call them Steve. Yeah, yeah. That's the. So look, firstly, if you are seeing progress with addition of these set extensions, amazing, definitely keep them in. Yeah. What I would definitely keep them in is always when you are in a color surplus and ideally when you are in a place where creating is implemented or creating is a little bit higher. So where I wouldn't implement it is in a diet phase or a phase where you are loaded, creating to intake and recovery isn't really the best. So always remember, set extensions are great. That are great tool to increase your training volume, but only when your recovery ability allows for that to happen. So food meets the present, untoward agree if you are an assistant athlete. You want to utilize these methods in a place where you are above the physiological range as well. Yeah. So let me ask you then out of the different types of set extensions that we can do, Raspas cluster, sets, drops, sets all that stuff. Do you have a personal favorite something that's just like maybe maybe it's not even like I like this because it's the best for my growth, but just like an absolute favorite of your own where you just get excited to do that one. I would post that with a maker. Oh, yeah. Can you explain to us how a wicker works. Right. So a widow maker is a never ending son. On a leg press reason why. When you get to that failure point, while I do a widow maker is actually rest at the top, but I don't relax my legs. I keep my legs on and I keep the tension of my chords on. I take the breaths so let's say, I fail on 10 reps, right? I won't rack it, I'll hold it, I will compose myself, I will breathe, I'll take three to four different breaths. So it's probably going to be like four seconds, I'll go again. Then I'll take again a few more seconds, go again, go again, go again. You basically go with a widow maker. You mentally break because taking those, taking those rest between each rep, it just allows you to keep going and going and going. So the set end is largely dictated by a pain threshold. This is why I personally prefer a widow maker because it's something that I did when I was like 15, 16 with Tony Mexton and I will never forget these leg days forever because the pain was just incredible. But if you complete that set and the guy or straight away with a satisfied, there's no better feeling in this world than that. My second favorite is a rest force set, I do love a good rest force set. So where I would implement that is, for example, on a, on a tactic. Let's say I've got three quarters of a stack, I fail on 10 reps, I will then take 20 second rest, go again. So that would be a rest force set, right? Where you take the rest and then go again, but go to failure. So it's not so much like a widow maker, we just take in rest to get extra reps and just keep going and extend that set forever. Yeah, I love rest pauses. I would probably take him in that order. I might like rest pauses better because you can do more rest pauses than you can widow makers. You do a widow maker and you're done. Oh, yeah, so I agree. And so the honest, my preference generally is a rest pulse set because if I do widow makers, they, they after them off for me is just not worth it because I just don't recover from that. Oh, I just, I just end up dead for weeks. The first time I tried to do a muscle round, just got Stevenson's muscle around from fortitude training. I did it wrong. Okay. And I was using the the V squat, okay. And in Scott Stevenson's muscle round is four reps, then a six second break, then four reps. Is it six seconds or is it 10 second break? 10 seconds. I think it's four four reps, then 10 second break and you repeat that six times. That's what it is. And I didn't understand that he wanted them to be constant reps. He wanted it. Ah, yes. I've got mine right over there. He wanted it to be constant reps, but what I ended up doing was I would get three reps and then I'd have to pause, you know, and get a fourth rep and then I treated it like a rest pause. So the, the beauty of the muscle round is that he only wants you to fail one time in the muscle round versus the rest pauses brutal because you're, you're literally failing and then you're failing again. And if you do a third part like the DC, then you're failing again. And with the Widowmaker, I mean, yeah, that's like I'm just agreeing with you. I guess because man, you do a Widowmaker and you fail so many times every time you fail, you're taxing into your central nervous system and man, you do that 20 20 30 times, you know, into a set your your cooked, you know. Big time. This is why it's my favorite, but the least favorite at the same time because I know if I don't make it's time for a deal 100%. Yeah. All right. We had a couple more. We had one from Andrew and he says a question for Cuba and you Scott when coaching it athlete who wants to compete, but needs more size. How lean do you think they should get before a growing phase and how lean should they stay. As lean as possible and generally, if someone is willing to take it there, I will take them down to pretty much condition where it would be acceptable for around four to five weeks out. Okay. So that the glutes are pretty much going to be in and even though they don't have much size, it does it really matter. A leaner start point for anyone, even if someone is undersized is going to lead to more growth and more size. Now, if someone gets in that sort of condition where they are surely there. So around four to five weeks out condition, I would then take the body weight up over 25 to 30 weeks by around a minimum of 40 pounds. So let's say this guy finishes at like 170 and then I was easily right is very, very. His glutes are in. If you really wanted to we could push him hard and compete in four or five weeks time. Yeah. From from that point, I would push you up by a minimum 40 pounds and I would I would make sure that he takes off to 10 if he can and again. If he can if he manages it well, we could probably take off to 15 or even to 20 if he manages it incredibly well. What will be a dictating factor for him to gain the 40 50 pounds is adherence on the way up and his ability to eat. So I mean, by that is. Getting to that point with people, it is not hard. However, coming out of the other side, when hungers high and someone needs to stay patient and someone needs to take the body weight up over 30 weeks. That's a different ball game and this is where most people get it wrong. They'll add 15 pounds of body weight in two free weeks. Yeah. Accumely a lot of body fat and this is where that runway for progression is cut incredibly short because I can tell you now Scott, if someone gains the body weight that was that quick, generally the appetite will go pretty quick and they will not be able to complete such on push up and they will not actually be able to get as much body weight on them as they could have if the state more patient and stay a little bit hungry over time. It's tough, especially if it's the first time you've ever gotten in that kind of shape, you start adding food back in and then you start getting that insulin, the blood sugar is jumping up and down and man, it's brutal, but I'm with you 100% anybody listening that's in that position. It is totally worth holding on because you you stand to make the best progress of your life literally, you know. Scott, I'll tell you one thing right. I took two years off now from competing. I've made good progress, but I will never take two years off again. Why? You did it with the rebound, huh? As they've crossed the end. I was eating 900 grams of carbs and I was still, let's start. I was still starving. Yes, that's perfect man. And I was so patient coming up out of the show. It was the most productive push-up I ever had. And I was literally 20, I think 22 weeks post show. I was eating just on the thousand of carbs and I was still eating a meal and I would I would literally feel 30 minutes after I feel empty. That's perfect. But listen Scott, it was probably the hardest thing I ever done. Yeah. But it was the most productive. So as you can imagine, I love prepping and I love bodybuilding or each phase. And with me knowing that I'm capable of doing that now, I will only ever need that third week window after the show. And then I'll be able to compete again, which is quite nice. Yeah, that's I like that game plan. All right, one more question and then we had the training critique. Fitness McGee, he says, is there a way to train for bicep peaks when you don't have genetic insertions for them? So you got crappy bicep, basically. Right. Unfortunately, I'm going to be a better bade news desk up. And you know that already. Unfortunately, you cannot change your bicep structure. You cannot change your insertions. You cannot change the shape of your muscle unless you put oil in it. Unfortunately, right. So what you can do is you can get them bigger. And if you can get them bigger, they will look better. You cannot target a specific head of your bicep to that degree, whether it will make a difference, you unfortunately can't. Certain movements will buy us slightly different portion of your bullet train. But the difference is not that significant. I'm going to tell you now. And it will not really make any difference to the shape of your actual muscle. What will make difference if you really want to change the shape on it. We're both normal. And that will be some oil use which I don't think is in a great option, especially the arms because it just shows and adopting judges like it. Especially when, especially the guys that I've got into front of a diceb, they open their arms and they're closed and nothing moves, nothing changes. That's when you know something is sitting at all. It's not a good look even. Yeah, but you're right though, like more size is the answer. If you have a 23-inch arm, nobody's going to say, Well, you need more arms. No matter what, they know you're doing the Buster Can. I did get that feedback from a judge one time. The literal words he said were better bicep peaks. I'm like, what can I do? What can I do? Right. Scott, that judge should not be judge in the opinion because if a judge looks at a body part and he thinks that someone can actually change that body part. Yeah. Like that's come on man. That's just that's the stuff that a judge should know. I think anyway look that anyone have to say. You know, twist the pinky like this at the top and you know. Yeah. Yeah. And how about this too? You know what the bicep is only a third of the upper arm, right? How about we grow your triceps too to just increase that overall mass. You know, you might have the night have might not have the greatest peaks, but if you construct the sleeves on your t-shirt, you know, you're still you're still going to feel good about that, right? Who was it? Who was it that free-contrast that rolling plant? He had free triceps. Oh yeah. Even when you look at fill-heaf, some of the best arms ever, right? Filts bicep were great, but there wasn't really, there wasn't really jaw dropping. Like a filled didn't really have bicep peaks like running, right? But fills tricep is just not so when you saw, when you saw a filled like a moss muscular or even a football bicep because he's tricep with so hanging, that's what created more so the free-key shape. And as you can see, it's the outside of the head fill-heaf that way. Oh yeah, yeah, you got the fill picture bit. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I've got fill, I've got Dury and I've got Kevin and I've got I've got Jake and soon. I've got actually got Branch Warren there as well. Nice. Nice. All right, listen, we got that training video and listen if anybody else too, if you guys want to send any training videos in, let me know. An ideal way would be to upload it somewhere and then send me the link. That'd be that'd be perfect, especially people from Patreon. If you guys want to send me any video for the show. And I knew Kubo we only had time for one today, but I knew that the barbell row was your gym. So I grabbed this one and I know this guy needs some work on his back too. So let's see what he's got here. Let's go. Oh listen, man. It's actually working. I'm going to get into credit, though. It's actually a very good bow. It's a very good row. I'm not going to lie. Let's see what the last shot's up. Yeah, we're all right back here. You want me to roll it back to any part in particular here? Last. So let's roll back to the first portion of the rap and then the last portion of the rap. So you're going to set. Okay, so here's the start. Yep. Can you slow it down? I don't think I can slow it down. No, no, no, no, no, no. That's fine. Right. But I can't roll it like this. Yeah, let's do it. Let's do it. So the first portion of the rap or the sets. There we go. Right. Let's let him do one more rap. Okay. Now let's do. Let's see the last couple of reps. All right. Let's see. I think that'd be about right here. I'm actually, I'll hit play first and then I'll go back and slow motion. All right. Let me roll it back here like this. And you can see as he's fatiguing and I can tell you too, Cuba. So this guy is somebody that I know personally and he means to grow his laps. His upper back is fine. His upper back is probably I'd go as far as to say good, but where he's lacking is the lat. Right. So if he's lacking a lot, his access selection needs to reflect on. And if you want to grow the lat, I don't think Barbell Robe is the greatest idea. If you want to lift thick a rector and I think back overall, I think Barbell Robe is a great option. So first, let's just break down the execution of the movement execution itself. Not about it all. But do I think he could get a little bit more from that? Yes. What I'd like to see there. I just pause it there. Scott, pause it there. Right. See how his lower back slightly rounded. Yes. So what I'd like to see him do is sit back into his hips a little bit more. Yeah. And basically get his back a little bit more neutral. And how he can do that is sitting back into his glutes more so that he's more so going to utilize his glutes as well as his lower back for that stability and that base of support. Like that. Because if he's been overbored rowing with and I've got to turn for that is a shitty dog posture. Okay. Yes. You see that. You see that. I see it. You mean he's leaving his lower back quite vulnerable. And this is where especially as he's getting deeper into that set, he's getting a little bit more body English, which is it about think a little bit of body English simply fine about what row. You don't want to just stay completely static because they're realistically, you're not going to use any load that's going to do any sort of benefit for you. Yeah. But if you are going to use a little bit more English, you need to make sure that you've got safe posture. So sit back into hips get that lower back a little bit more neutral. And if he needs more laps, why would like to seem to. It's take the bar path and drive it a little bit more towards his pelvis and keep his elbows tucked a little bit more. Again, he's not going to make the movement. It's not going to make the movement more of a lap bias movement as would like to call it. But it will change the lift in a fashion where he will get a little bit more Latin engagement. Yeah. So the best example of if he can watch is definitely done in the eighth stage. I knew it was taken there because, yeah. Oh man, come on. It's it's literally perfect the way he does it and with Dorian. What Dorian does, his sit back and say sit sit sit hips. He is quite bent over. So Dorian is very very bent over and I would argue Dorian actually had less body English than this loved it. So if he can keep that spine a little bit more rigid and then allow us shoulder blades to fully fully work, to retract and he almost wants to extend his rib cage away from his hands going to stretch. And then think about driving the barbell up his thighs and into his pelvis. And then again, keeping that posture and almost lifted himself forward a little bit. I think that way he's just going to get a little bit more from this and look. The difference here is going to be 5 to 10%. It was a great lift. It's not really a lift where we have to break it down in complete detail. He did ask us to get it, you know, get it assessed and this is the points that I think would work well. Now, if he's looking to bring his laps up before he does a barbell then over row, I would like to see him do a more of a lap bias movement. So a single amp pull down making sure that it does target the laps, keeping that upper arm tracking right by his side, getting a shoulder extended rotate and making sure that he absolutely torches his laps before he then goes into a barbell row. Because then if his laps are already completely trashed and he goes into a barbell row, the likelihood of him engaging his laps is going to be much higher because he's already got a juicy pump in his lap right. And changing changes techniques, slightly to what we've just covered, is also going to give him a little bit more bang for his buck and keeping a little bit safe. I'm doing so as well. I think you're absolutely right, man. Well, all right, Koopa. This is a great episode. If people want to follow you on Instagram, I'm going to have the link below. And they probably already are, you know, but if you guys aren't in you enjoyed listening to this. If you've been listening to this for literally an hour now, then you can go and catch Koopa in one minute bite size segments, giving you guys all sorts of freaking advice. And if people wanted to reach out to you for coaching, what's the best way to do that? Instagram or link your bio for my email and general little point to my site where you've got a little box to fill in. And that generally gives me some of the info about them. So perfect, man. Anything you want to leave us with today? That's it. I think we left because a lot already. Yeah. Yeah. Look, if people have any questions, like I said, we're more than happy to Koopa, where do they need? So we are more than accommodating at Big Big. All right, guys. For another episode here, I think Big Body Building Media with Koopa, Chellin. I'm Scott McNally. Guys, we will see you soon. Thanks for watching. Thank you.