So I had put a lot of internal pressure on myself to get it done. So that was more of what was weighing on me throughout the entire prep. So all the outsides noise that really didn't matter to me, but it was just internal of like, all right, can you do this? Can you say what you're going to do? You know, and not prove it to anyone else, but prove it to myself. What's up guys? Welcome back to Blood Sweat and Gear. With Coach's Skip Hill and Andrew Barry, I'm Scott McNally. And today we are joined by IFBB Pro Carlos Thomas Jr. What's up, brother? Welcome to the show. What's going on guys? Thank you for having me all of a man. I guess it was much of an earlier big fan of this. This has gotten me through many of your cardio sessions, many of my meal preps everything. Like this is it, man. I'm very gracious and very happy to be on. Thank you. Well, we are excited to have you man. All of our programming is brought to you by true nutrition.com. You can use our code, thank for additional savings on products like the team skip protein blend. Plus a bunch of other great stuff. If you have any questions about it, many of their flavors or anything, hit me up. If you're in the UK, you can go to Strom Sports Nutrition, get some good house supplements over there. And if you're in Canada, check out SupplementSource.ca. Last but not least, thank you to everybody who's supporting us from Patreon. We've got some Patreon questions that we're going to dive into today. But first, we're going to introduce you guys to Carlos Thomas Jr. Forking in basically, I'm going to say brand new IFBB Pro. We've got a lot to talk about man and we're excited to have you. Like you said, because you're a fan of the show. I always love that man. It's cool to me when we can have somebody on the program that is at your stature because I think you're going to do some cool stuff in this sport. Thank you, Scott. I really appreciate that. So I know that's a start. Go ahead, Andrew. Well, I was going to say, I think, you know, Carlos is one of the freshest, most anticipated IFBB Pro's that we've seen in a long time because he's just so complete already. And when you continue to add more of that, it's going to be kind of freaking scary to watch and fun. And I will say that me and Nate Spier are looking forward to re-match with you. I don't know. We'd see man, but this is awesome. But 14.5, we'll get one of that. Yeah, we're here. Exactly. Yeah, the clock is already on. So, but no, all, you know, in serious this, I am a big fan of been a big fan. I remember watching Carlos at the 2017 Eastern USA, which is a big show for us on the East Coast and in the Northeast there. And Carlos was a middleweight back then. And two to the 17 guys. And if you recall, he won the overall denational as a super heavyweight and a big superweight at that. So, yeah. Carlos, what in the heck did you do over that five, six years? And hold on. What was this red? Are these those pictures, Andrew, the ones we were looking at? Because you sent the two pictures where he's smaller. Is that where he was a middleweight there? I believe so. And Carlos, I think because you went on to do nashals at your correct? Yes, that was it right there. Yeah, 2017. This is a middleweight right here. You don't look like a middleweight first of all. And then how long after that was this shot? 20 to 21, so four years. Okay. That's something that's a great one for us. I was going to say four years. Yeah, yeah, here's a couple of front shots. All right, I just wanted to jump in because I felt like the audience should see that progress as you guys tell the story. I don't know. I just think the camera was closer. Anyway, I haven't looked back at the first time. Anyway, I haven't looked back at those pictures in a while, so it's pretty amazing to see myself. So you know, that's pretty cool. But to answer your question, Andrew, like I guess what happened was around 2019, I started working with Dory and Hamilton on Canada. And he really emphasized the importance of, it sounds silly thinking, looking back at it. But like how important the all season is. Because at doing that time, I was going to, I was getting into my graduate program. And you know, I all season to me was just all season. You know, I get, I just get my meals in. I might have meals off. And it wasn't really like a lockdown period of time. But when it came to prep, you know, I was always like, okay, let's flip the switch. But when I got with Dory and around the time, he really emphasized all season to me. And how necessary it was. And honestly, it sounds so silly, right? Because you're like, well, of course. But when I did make that change, like that's when I started making significant progress. So like, I treated the all season like a prep, right? It was, it no meals were missed. And cardio was done. And the training sessions, you know, I made sure to track and progress and everything that I did. I also linked up with my good buddy Kyle Smith, who's my trainer here. He does my programming alone with Luke Miller. He's out of Dallas, Texas. And so everything just started to click like like, training got better, my eating got better. My understanding of supplementation. So around that time, it just kind of all came to a point where I finally felt like I was, you know, I made a cross that that next level up to embody building. So before that, I know you started to feed in 2014. I think if I'm not wrong, you might have won your first show. Like, please, or do you win your class? I can't remember. So I won my class. It was the, I think it was like the Maryland State East Coast Classic. I won my class and then I went straight to team universe. And I got four fundamentals. And then I went to collegiate nationals. And I weighed just over the middleweight cap. So I was a light heavy. And I placed second there. And then that's when I tore my ACL. And I took time off from there. And then I came back in around 2016 for nationals. And my first ever like big national show in PC National 2016. And I got my ask, sorry. Got my best right. I got my butt kicked. Like bad. So I was, you know, how do you go 16 out of 16? I'm pretty sure I was the last 16. So I was like really bad. And so I came back 2017. And that's where you saw me at the Eastern USA's. And every, we made top five in the middleweight's that year. And then that's when I took time off going to school. Things like that. And you know, starting my career career. I want to point out of that. Eastern's you, you lost a very close overall to Vlad Petrick who is also an I. TV pro now. If I'm not mistaken, right? Yes. Yes. Cool. All right. How did you turn your ACL? I'm sorry. I just, I'm not going to jump in. I just, I'm curious how you tore your ACL because that's not typically a gym injury. That's a, I think we'll go play a pickup game real quick. Oh, bad idea. Yeah. Yeah. So I think it was like already something that was, it was nagging me for a while from playing football. And I took a bad slip and my college parking lot. And the way I fell, it just did, it just, you know, it was something like I knew his wrong because it wasn't, it wasn't like, wow, like this is like a huge pop. But I knew something was wrong. And when we got to check out their like, yeah, this is this is your, you tore your ACL. And I was like, well, damn. Where would we like, we're going to go from here. So we got to get this surgery. That was in a September and we ended up getting surgery maybe, I think the December because I had a way to winter break for, for school. But yeah, it was something that I think was like a nagging injury from football, previously, that just crept up on me. And that was like the perfect storm of the way I fell. And it just went twisted. Yeah. Hopefully you'll be able to, you know, train around it and get your legs back one day. Yeah. You're legs are incredible, man. We're, we're legs always a really strong body part for you. Like even before body building where you a guy that always had like really good quads. Oh, yeah. Yeah. So it was like when everyone, when in high school, we're, when I started bench at my bench, when I started football and lifting, everyone's going benching, benching, benching, benching, benching. Yeah. I admired like running backs like Maurice Jones drew and then at the time, I was looking at like Earl Campbell, Earl old school running back, but he had huge legs. And I was like, I'ma run it back. I need to have big legs. So all this benching is not going to do anything for that. So I was squatting. So when people were benching twice a week, three times a week, try to get a big chest. I was squatting heavy twice a week. And I feel like that laid a great foundation for, you know, when I got to body building. I, I was just a, a squatter, you know what I mean? Like I, I, I, I really trained, you know, my legs hard every day. And I, I, I felt that like if I kept doing that, you know, I was playing football. That eventually I would get those big legs. And I did it, but it came after after football when my legs got a little bit bigger. Well, what was heavy back then? Um, heavy to me was, my, my, my heaviest squat when I was 20 years, 1920 or so was six, 25. Okay. Okay. Okay. No, I still, are you still doing squats nowadays? Or is that something you've moved into other machines? Or what's your thoughts on leg training today? Um, so we do mostly the pendulum squat now, but we still, we'll throw throw in some some barbell squats here and there. Um, I haven't done the barbells back barbell, barbell backs, like maybe like maybe like six, seven months. It's been a while. I've just been doing the pendulum. And it's something that I enjoy barbell squatting. So we'll throw back in just because like it's a, it's a tough movement that is fun to me. You know, I like to, I like to see the weights go up. I like to do drop sets, things like that, push myself. Um, and yeah, it's something that I'll always keep in because I don't have any issues with my back, my knees, my hips. So I can still do it. Well, right now we're just doing the pendulum squat. Do you feel like the, you know, because you hear that a lot like, okay, here's my, here's one of my thoughts though. I wonder if some of the younger people who are watching would be like, oh, well, Carlos doesn't do squats. And he's got incredible legs. Do you feel that that squatting back in the day was the foundation for that? And I, like we can't really know for sure, but let's say you only had a pendulum squat back then. Do you think you could have done, you could, you'd be where you are today without having had that foundation? I think I would have good legs because I was, if there's two things I would go with. I would go on, I was born with a set of legs, good arms. So I don't think those are something that would come to me very naturally. Yeah. But, what they fear not. They say, okay, I think that's the thing about it like this though, because you built such a base level of strength. And while that squatting strength carries over to other movements like the pendulum squat or like the cissy squat or, you know, the hack squat or any other machine. So do you think that, you know, that base that you built, you know, five, 600 pounds? Because if you're squatting, 655 for one, you're doing five, 15, for sets of eight to ten somewhere in your career there, which is a lot of weight for those, you know, high-perchography ranges. Do you think that that really contributed to you being able to get on the pendulum or some of these other machines and kind of fly through instead of kind of getting those baby gains, those, you know, trying to develop strength on that machine. Like you already had such a base of strength that go on. Do you feel like that helped you? Oh, 100%. Like these are like, this isn't something that I've been doing, you know, for a very long time the pendulum. It's something we just implemented in the past, like, almost like even a year. So I would definitely say like, when I developed that base, you know, of lifting heavy loads under and after bar. Yeah, it definitely translated to making it easier for me to adapt to the pendulum versus going backwards and do pendulum to barbell squat. So yeah, all those years of lifting heavy and squatting has definitely laid a foundation for me. So that now we can, you know, take the load off of the low back, take it off of the hips and load it. You know, in a barbell squat situation and focus solely on, okay, let's make sure we get good knee flexion here, target the quad. So now we're getting a little bit more specific with the training, but we still will still go back to some point in time throwing in a little bit of those great exercises because I feel like at some point in time you need to go back to, you know, just to stimulate the body. Yeah. And for the listeners, the younger kids listening, this is a huge takeaway, I think. I'm glad to hear you say this Carlos, because the strength is important early, not only for the major muscle groups before the stabilizers, even your lower back when it comes to the squatting, so that when you do move on and you get more specific and more isolated, that strength and those stabilizers aren't weak. And that is incredibly important, especially for longevity when you talk about things like that just, you know, the hips, the glutes, the lower back, that sort of thing. So, you know, you make a good point with the strength, the power movements being, I would say arguably more important at the start, because you know, you guys, I think it probably seem the same thing as people advance into the pro ranks. There aren't a lot of guys these days doing the bulk of their training with squats. There are exceptions and I understand that. And this is a huge correlation versus causation argument. I get that as well. But I'm just basing my opinion on an observation of what I've seen over the years and not everybody, there's less and less squatting free weight, barbell squatting as people advance into the pro ranks. At least in the open division the guys with bigger legs. You guys see the same thing. 100%. Though I'll tell you what, who does squat? It seems like every workout. Mr. Olympia. Yeah. You guys see the videos with him with him in Honnie. Yes. He squatting five, six, seven plates and then he does walking lunges with like easy three bills on the side. And he's just like he's going for a walk with a barbell on his back. I love that. That's amazing. He's next up. He's doing the strip sets as he's like he'll hit a couple reps. Those strip off the plate. More reps. Those strip off the plate. This is nutty. I had to follow Instagram a little bit more. I got to. I know too Carlos like even though you've gotten credible legs, but okay. So this is where I guess things are going to the next level. From what it sounds like you're not backing off on legs and anybody means. I mean, you what I saw recently you posted that you do more of a him focused day more of a quad focus day. How often are you are you hitting legs now? So I would say up until this. Like fall. That's what I was doing probably like one leg day like quads and ham together. But when I started working with Lou Miller, he switched some things around to my program where I started doing like a ppl type slit and now we're hitting quads say like today Wednesday was my quad focus day and it was one ham string and then on my next. Pull day will do a ham string line leg curl and then super set that with a RdL. Okay. So you're still trying to grow your legs basically is what we're getting at here like I mean you've gotten credible wheels, but I mean I guess what my guess is is you're thinking well now I'm going into the pro ranks and there's no such thing as having big enough legs right. No, I mean like we cut we approach the train session is like if something's good like why I back off with just. Well we'll modify it like we don't have to like again like I'm not doing barbell squats to a Q can anymore, but you know we still want to go in with the intent of. You know doing doing work. I don't want to not. To pull off the gas on certain body parts because it's not in my mentality to do that. So if something's good like my arms, you know why not make him better. My legs are great they can be they can say great. Yeah, what what do you want to bring up what would be if you could say like one thing you'd really like to see improve what would be that for you. Oh the back definitely we've been working that like we've been working that thing crazy. It's the it's been I would say one of the glaring weaknesses on my body. Because I think I've been such an arm dominant person that had to retrain how to pull and not use my biceps and to not. Like to to learn how to engage the lots from you know the beginning of the movement all the way to the end of it. So what we did this year is you know we basically stripped down everything to build it back up you know so a lot of the things where. All right well let's see if we can you know like take I could not go for a 4 plates but you know it didn't see any benefit from it so let's break it down and let's really focus on like you fully opening up your scapula. Yeah, and then retracting it and just working to you know length in length in the last and different angles. So those are things that may be a bit unconventional to my my training before compared to my training before. But they've yielded some results throughout this all season that I think will pay off come the New York Pro so. That it's a question the back is definitely a glaring weakness that we had to work on. Hell yeah I'm sure you guys as coaches have seen that Andrew and skip I you get a guy who has incredible arms I'm working with one of those guys right now incredible arms it's a gift. But then when it comes to back you can also be a curse you know. Sure even an imbalance from say the lats to the upper back is another example to if you have guys that come to you and they're predominantly dead lifters they typically will have weak lats and to try to get the upper back. To get out of the way and not do that work and isolate and dig into the lats it can be very it can be an arduous process it takes quite a while I think what's what's notable here with Carlos and and. You know listeners again can relate to this if you if you start big and you're not doing things right and you're progressing. And you start fixing the things you're not doing right those next levels can be big big jumps if you're not if you don't have that genetic superiority you can make all those changes and you're still going to progress but you're not going to make those. If someone's listening to going oh yeah my protraction reader have heard that before I should look into that more my back's going to be awesome in a year. Probably not you will progress because it's it can make a substantial difference in in your progress in your development. But if you haven't been making great gains all along is not going to be all the sudden this and you put on you know three inches on your your lat with thickness at the same time so. It's easy to strike on this. Don't listen to this if guys you can do it just try give it what have we said. For though take all the back training is that muscle group that is in my opinion. The most complicated to train correctly. Yeah, you can move weights and a lot of people will have a relatively good back and they're not training is optimally as they could. But they don't know that they need to because they're growing then you run into like a situation here Carlos is saying where he's like okay now it's a glaring weakness and I have to take the closer look and then to back off and kind of go back to. And kind of go back to basics lower the weights get into that feeling of the protraction retry and then build from there I got a feeling. With that back's going to come out looking like those legs here before. Before too long it's going to be crazy. I know Andrew had a question I would just wanted to ask really quick though Luke is he the guy you were with at the Olympia did I see you with him there. Luke was there but I wasn't with him okay okay. Oh you're talking about Luke that's that's Luke Carol he. Luke Carol I'm rebel which is okay. Okay that was Luke Carol all right yeah I'm good. Yeah, yeah, Luke's also a great and it. At the oblivious some ownership and that as well so. Yeah, yeah. No, but so I want to bring it back to 2021 because I was I'm always interested in the mindset of athletes especially when like you know like in my case like work when they spirit been like you know. Close to like you know hit hitting his stride and getting that card for so long and then Carlos comes around and we start seeing the pictures 15 weeks out 13 weeks out and we're like oh my god this guy's arms his legs like I can't believe he's be a middleweight so anyway my question was. Well my question is is that everybody I mean almost everybody was pegging you as. The odds on favorite when the show from 12 15 weeks out and we saw it on the message boards on on the Instagram on Facebook and all everywhere radio shows were talking about it. What was your mindset was it was it you know was it positive for you to know that people expected so much out of you was it kind of did it creates a fear like tell us a little bit about that. It's a great question. For me it really wasn't the outside noise it was more internal and the expectations I placed on myself. Because I knew I had a I had a goal I was just turned a turn 30 last May and I was 29 when I won the national's and I said to myself. I said if I'm going to get this by 30 then we're going to figure something else out so I had put a lot of internal like pressure on myself to get it done so that was more what was weighing on me throughout the entire prep was. All right well. You know I mean like you placed you everything I placed it I said that I would do within my life I've done it you know if I said I wanted to go get my the certain my career and a certain city and I got waiting got it. I said I wanted to get my graduate degree I did the test I put it in the work I went and got it I said I want you know I wanted to you know come back and get my pro card and this was the time and I was like. All right well. It's more up to you and you know I mean it's it's what can you do so all the outside noise that really didn't matter to me but it was just internal of like. All right can you can you do this can you say what you're going to do you know and not prove it to anyone else but prove it to myself. So that was more of the battle that I had but I have a really good team around me like my dad you've met my dad before. So we would we would we would we would just have talks and you know and he would really dig into the mental side of it and you know we're heavy on. You know just just the mental game and and and trying to stay positive so having that support system was really crucial going into it. Because I wouldn't say it was like a bit of self doubt but more of like you know I put a time limit on it and but I really loved body building so I was like. All right you got to you got this one chance big talk and you better get it right so it was more of that that I did to myself more so than anyone else saying are he's going to be great. He's going to win all this stuff that really didn't get to me was more of the the press shot put on myself. Let's see that so and no one that you know because I have met your father great off and gentlemen and you've always had a good support team from everyone I know that knows you that they they say great things about you like like any wallick we're both friends with Kenny Kenny was your posing coach. Yeah you're father but I also want to go into. I also want to go into you had a coaching change it two weeks out and if you don't want to talk about this you can just say so but you're working with somebody and. And rarely will someone make a change that late in the game because they don't feel confident with who's directing them you know into the process especially someone. I'm going to someone who's on your level like like someone that everyone's expecting like a show from you know. What was going on with that and what do you know do you have anything to say about that. Yes so. During the time I was like all season and leading into that I was working with a patratory and Patrick's great like he's awesome dude anything I had to ask them or anything like. I had questions he would immediately answer me and we did a lot of good work during that all season and he taught me a lot about. How to properly you know train in a certain way his train techniques and then like his nutrition techniques these are things that I've carried for even after working with him. But around that time you said about two weeks out it was just at a point where my body was really not in a good spot. So you know I just mentioned to him and like I'm going to try to figure something else out and for a few days I was just working on it with my. My buddy Kyle Smith because we're very close and he's he's me every day in the gym and we were putting some things together and and it started to come the body started to come back because I was retaining a lot of fluid. And it was coming off of me so I was weighing around 240 to two weeks out and on stage I weighed 220. Wow. So yeah, so we were right at you call by the Tampa right is that right. I can't remember. I know I qualified at the armed forces in the gym. Okay. And that was in November. So yeah, we were just you know trying to hit the body to calm down and you know just trying to draw some of this inflammation. So at that point I had reached out to my current coach, cash, kidsry and I was like hey like I might need some help. And this is probably like 10 days out and 12 10 days out. Yeah, right around the time and he he was like sure he was like semi some pictures and. I said something over to him he set me to plan and we started getting the work on it and you know I think with him also is he's very positive mentally like he he he. He has this this way of I want to say. willing things into existence. So if he gave me a plan, he was like, all right, I'm going to give this plan you'll drop five pounds. And just from like saying that and then things, then it occurring, you know, I mean, there's this positive positivity that that comes into effect, right? Yeah. And sometimes it's a good one, athlete to just get behind it. And things will happen. And that's what started happening. Not only was the program that he was putting together was great, but also the positivity and leaning into that national thing just started clicking, dropping the inflammation. So that Tuesday before the nationals, we landed in Orlando, I slept for like 10 hours at night. And I dropped like 10 pounds. We'll go up drop 10 pounds. It was ridiculous. And then from then on, it was just kind of bringing in the best packs we can with dealing with the circumstances we were dealing with. Why couldn't you guys lost a few more? So good question. So I wanted to be a super heavyweight. I think I just wanted that to go, you know, with that, you know, super heavyweight and to also possibly when the overall, it was something that I I talked to my dad with. And I was like, well, we're going to be kind of close to super heavy. Should we just go up or should we just, you know, I mean, trying to stay down there, get down there. And he was like, well, you know, go big. And I was like, okay, we just went out there and we weighed in and yeah, we made it happen. And so we went for super heavy and and the rest is as it was. That's you weighed in as a super, but then you ended up on stage four, five pounds lighter, dryer. I think you said you're doing it. Yeah, I'm waiting it in. Yeah, I waited to the end of the night to weigh in. I was like, what's just laid to the end of the day. So I'll play the game, right? I mean, like, where do I think I have the best shot? Where what's going to be the best overall look? We actually talked about this on a previous episode. I think last time we recorded guys about what we do with athletes the day before two days before show. How do we tweak things? How do we plan based off the check in time? What do we feed on? What we have in drinking so that they hit the weight we want. And then we can do whatever we want with manipulations to make sure they have the look that we want. So yeah, that's that's cool. I like to hear these little backstories. So I got to blame your dad. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. You're dad seems like he's a really big fan too. I'd say he's probably your your biggest fan. I got a chance to meet him out of the Olympia. He spotted me. You weren't with him. And he goes, I go, did you see Carlos Jr. You know? And then I, and I'm looking online, I see there's videos of him training with you. Like you can tell me that he is just so passionate for what you do. And I, I feel like that's got to add so much to, you know, just just everything that, all the aspects of bodybuilding to have support like that, you know? Yeah, it definitely does. My dad is, you know, like he's definitely like my best friend. He is my best friend. You know, because whenever I did coming up he poured himself into it. Whether it was track and football, track and field football, anything that I did, he was 100% behind it. And he delved into it just as much as I did, you know? So if I, if it was football he was looking up training camps and stuff like that. And now it's bodybuilding, you know, we're, we're training together or, you know, we're going to different places to train with people to learn about their method or something. And so we're, we're very much a team when it comes to this. That's so cool. So New York pro, who's all doing the New York pro? Thank you for tuning into another podcast here at Think Big Bodybuilding Media. If we've provided value to you today, then please consider contributing to our show. You can help support the show through Patreon. Every $5 helps to pay for the software and the hardware and everything else that goes into making a podcast. You can also contribute by using our code at True Nutrition. True Nutrition has been our title sponsor for several years now. I'm super grateful for them. And I've believed in true nutrition supplements long before they sponsored our programming. There's a bunch of bunch of new guys isn't there, Andrew? I know Nate's doing it. I know Stewart's doing it. I thought Justin Shire was doing it, but we got where that he's out. He mentioned that yeah, the Olympia that he was going to maybe hold off. He was literally like the largest human being at the Olympia. Just every direction. He didn't look like he was dieting any time soon. He was growing for sure. I don't know. You got to walk around Carlos here. When you see him, oh he's a big girl. Don't give me wrong. But you're in shape too. There's that. You could yeah, you could tell Justin was just like he was just growing, like all out, you know, anabolic at that stage. So, you know, if we know, it would have been great to see him in that line up with you guys. This is a little bit of cool show. We had this. Oh, go ahead. Good. Well, I was going to say I'm sure you'll probably have I heard from somewhere that like John Delano Roza was coming back to do it. You know, you'll probably have Justin Rodriguez. We'll probably do it. He's always kind of does the New York pro or those shows. But I think, you know, it's going to be kind of this blending of like the real young or the real newest, the newer pros, again, some of the older established, you know, one foot maybe moving towards the other direction type pros. So it'll be very interesting to see, you know, this crop of young talent all in the stage together. And I say young, but it's, then you guys are like young, but you know, newest, newer I have beauty pros. Because, you know, you're 30, Nate's 35 or 36 now. Stort, well, Stort's really young actually. Stort's only 25. Yeah. Yeah. No. Little bit cool. Well, and it would be cool because everybody, all the people you've mentioned, those are all people that, you know, we like to have on the show. So I'm thinking I haven't in my head. We need to get you guys all on here. Like as it gets closer and here, you know, how things are coming together. That'd be fun. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That way. Right here. Go, go, go. So we were talking before the show. I asked you what you did for a living. What your job was. And Andrew stopped me because I started asking questions. So we got to get back into that. You know, what, what do you do? Okay. So I work for a university, a local university here. It's a university of Pennsylvania. And my title is a research coordinator. But I do more like communications side of it, during for our study. It's called A.Cad, Agent Co. Horth Hall, Simon's disease. And we have sites in America and Canada. And I help with the outreach side of it. And I also assist with the back end of the website, documents, articles, you know, various research materials. So that's more my role of it. I don't really do much with the study, like scientific part of it. But I get the sit-in, sit-in, sit-in on meetings with like really cool, really smart people. So that's always been a pleasure. And I learned more than I knew when I started the job. What did you face, guys? So what did, what did it be? What had have been like not politically correct when he asked you what you did, you said something to do with all the simers I can't remember. Is that, because that's something I would say, but I'm not very professional. So I don't know if that's sensitive. That's why you don't have that job skip. That's smart enough. There's that too. No, no, I love it. That's good. Well, I think it's interesting and something to point out that we have a really good up-and-coming professional bodybuilder that has a nine to five. And I think we've seen the trend is a lot of guys in this industry. They get into coaching. I think they think it's an easier lifestyle because in some sense, your next year, fridge all the time, you can get your business in. But Carlos, tell us a little about, especially when you're prepping, you know, have an normal either college schedule or work schedule. I know you have some advanced degrees. What's that like, in terms of putting it all together? Well, as far as the college, I, that's also one reason I didn't prep during when I was getting my graduate degree. It was only two years, but honestly, it was, I didn't want to take away focus from that because, you know, how you get when you're in prep and you're all in on that. Things, some things can slip and I did not want to, you know, take away attention from that because that was very important to me. But as when I got situated with work and I was able to get a routine going on, like, okay, these are my meetings look like, these are what, you know, the workload looks like and I knew when it would fluctuate, you know, how basically how to good grip of the work. So I am working from home, it's a lot easier than having to commute an hour. That would be difficult, but I've done it before. So I wouldn't have any problem with that, but it's a lot easier working from home when, like you said, when the meals are right next to you. But it doesn't really weigh on me too much. I would say the worst part is probably just, you know, dealing with, you know, meetings when you're, or you're, like, short on attention, doing prep, those little things, but obviously it's honestly not that at all. Once you nail down the routine, it's, it's not that at all. The nice thing about a nine to five job, too, is when you leave, you're done, you know, in an inversed, like, I think, kind of what you're, what I was thinking, Andrew, is you're saying that it's like, with coaching, it's nonstop. So you have to constantly be using your brain if you start slowing down and slacking, then, you know, it's like, your business directly suffers for you know, I know it, and if you're working for someone else, and I'm not saying you slack, but, you know, you can get by. You can do what you need to do to get by and, and then still go do the rest of your life and have that nice separation between the two. There is something really positive about that. There's no question. Yeah, because you got like a schedule, right? Yeah, you go work. Yeah. You clock in at 8 a.m. You're done by four. You drive to the gym. You, you pre-work out someone there. You get to the gym. You do your training. You go home. You're shutting it down for the night where, and I'm not complaining because, you know, I like my lifestyle, I think us as coaches like our lifestyles, but there's been many shows where I'm up early doing check-ins right before I'm going to go get on stage two hours later, you know? Yeah. Mostly because I don't want to get behind, you know, where I've been up at night, you know, 10 to 11 o'clock responding to emails or, you know, talking to someone who's in another country across the world. But, but I do think what I wanted to point out though is that I think a lot of younger guys, they want to get into bodybuilding, and then they, without any even competing, or maybe they've done one show, they want to start coaching athletes, and they think that they're going to jump into this pool of 80 to 100 clients, paying them good money, and they don't think about setting their life up in the sense that Carlos has like, okay, I know I want to get a college degree, I want to, I know I want to get advanced college degree, a master's and whatnot, and then a regular job so that will support my bodybuilding, not necessarily take away from it. So I thought it was just a important point out that like you can keep a regular nine to five and be a good bodybuilder. Yeah. I think the routine makes me even better. You know, I think when you have, when I have like, okay, I have this meeting at 10 this meeting at one, two, whatever the schedule is, I know that I have to to work around that. So I have to get up at a certain time to to make sure I get this meal in, because I don't want to eat at dormitory meeting, even though I have done it, but I don't want to, you know, I want to make sure I have, you know, all these things laid out, you know, so that they can work together, you know, and it kind of he's off his, all to be each other. There's some synergy going on, I guess. Well, I don't think anybody's going to be successful in this, in bodybuilding, you know, competing and that sort of thing without being a highly structured person anyway. If your life is chaotic and there isn't structure, you're just really going to struggle to optimize your gains, your progress, and that sort of thing. And I think we've even seen it in clients where their life is chaotic. I've seen it myself, I'm being honest, when things get chaotic and the structure isn't there, it's just, it's, it's, it's holy shit. And it's a very anxious feeling. It right. And so I would ask you a, a, and do the same thing with the movement of everything else. Do you find yourself anxious, because you're not in that typical, highly structured mode, even if it's just a handful of days, a drive should not. Doesn't it? Oh, dude. I have been to a gym since last last Thursday. And I've, I'm averaging four and a half meals a day, because like, you know, you first, you have two, two, full days of driving, and then we got here and you just want to jump into projects that we had to do, like, you know, getting, we're putting a new door, we had to paint, we had to, you know, install it to you, all the, all the little things, you know, that just take time out of the day. And then I saw it to work at the same time. So right now, the gym is taking a back burner, me being a bodybuilder, quote unquote, is taking a back burner for probably the next three or four days. But your right skip, it is like, it's just anxiety, just kind of eat naturally. Yeah, I need to get back, I only got five meals in today. Like, what is going on, you know? So yeah, I can't wait to, like, I think after this weekend, we are back on our regular schedule up cardio walks, you know, meals on time, regular day, today's schedule, which, which it sounds like Carlos, you have completely adopted that with, with your current schedule and everything. Oh, yeah. Yeah. And like, like, it was saying, the structure is everything. And if you don't have that, I, I feel like it just, you'll fall apart. It's at one point another, you'll fall apart. Like, in my opinion, I know I need it, I know it benefits me and it makes me, you know, better all around, but even within work, but just within, like, you know, making sure I'm one time for, like, scheduling things with, like, if I want to go see my parents or, you know, a schedule time for my girlfriend, you know, I have to have some type of structure where everything will start falling apart. Does she does it live over here, right? I'm judging the states. She's in Germany. That's right. Okay. And she's a good, um, up and coming wellness athlete. No kidding. Yeah. Yeah. Man, I think she'll have, I think she's going to have the same initials before four letters after her name very soon with Carlos. So, I'll be a family unit. No kidding. So, wellness. Carlos and I have the same big, big, junior. That's a time. That's a time. That's a time. That's a time. That's a time. Well, wellness all the way. Well, this year's, like, 30 years ago, skip would have only been a wellness coach. Back. Okay. Bodybuilders. I ate muscle. I've shut out. Yeah. There'd be that it's creepy. Yeah. And so, with the right. So, she's in Germany. How often do you guys get to see each other? That's not like coming over from Ohio or something. That's like, yeah. I was, I was in Germany, March. My first time in Germany was last March and 20, um, 22. And then she came for the summer. And then I went to Germany to go see her compete in November. And then she came back over in December. Okay. No October. Yeah. I came, I went to see her in October and then she came back over in like that December, um, January time. And, and then, you know, we're working on getting her back here. Back in. Yeah. And it's, uh, you know, I brought my wife came in from Canada. And it's not, I mean, that's, she lived several hours away. And that was like, that was difficult. I could only imagine an entire other continent. What was the bodybuilding like over there? Because I know if you got over there, you guys got to some gyms and stuff. Oh, right. So, um, the, the, the Gyms, you trained as more of a, I guess it's, uh, what you call a like a chain gym, commercial gym, gym, but it's nice. It's, but it's really good. Like it's, it's, you can bodybuild out of that gym. The only thing is it's three floors. And the elevators really slow. And the floors are not laid out like, in a way where it's like, all leg equipment on one, you know, chest and back on the other. It's very odd. Um, so a leg day at that gym is, is not fun. But, um, the other Gyms went to, which is really cool when we went to, um, the Frankfurt. It was Frankfurt. Um, and I trained with Tim Bootersheim, uh, really good driver bodybuilder. It was, um, the gym that Marcus rules started. Ooh, cool. Yeah. Yeah. It was a really cool gym, really old school. Um, yeah. It was an awesome place to train in, like, a lot of change driven machines, which I've never trained on before. Um, and it was though, that was the atmosphere of that one was really good. Uh, speaking of chain, where people chain smoking between. I'm just gonna, I don't know. Yeah. It was good. It was good. It's I'm saying it. I'm like, this is a really bad lead. Oh, I'm gonna use it. I love it. I think that's a German. It's a German thing. A lot of people smoke over. They do they still. I mean, I don't know. I don't know. I mean, to get off like, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, you'll see people smoking around like on, like, on, like, like, like, on, like the platform trains waiting because, like, that's just what they do. Like, so yeah, there's a lot of people who just kind of just smoke, but um, it was something to get used to. That was like, I mean, a lot of you just poke around here. Um, but on the cigarette packages, this is crazy though. On the cigarette packages, they have like these disturbing images of like lungs like, again, people coughing up blood. So then I, they're trying to do this. Oh, sorry, my bad. It kind of stopped. You don't like it. So I'm smoking. Excuse me. But it's so crazy because people still buy the packages. I'm like, sure. They have that in Canada too. Yeah, it'll be like, this is a picture of a lung that has cancer, you know, and here's your cigarette. So you go boom. It's so wild. Yeah, they should do that. We found like, little packets of anava, like, you know, like, show a liver that's like, you know, that one worked either. I don't know. Not a lot of the abilities would still do that. It's like, as candy. Yeah. What's the package of? So what else you got lined up for after New York? Where you plan on making a season out of it or are you just going to do one and done this year? Um, we're working about it. Might. Yeah, I'm waiting to see it. Might, see it. Like, as we get closer, Toronto's only two weeks away. Um, and it's like an hour flight. So that would probably be like the most likely show I would jump into. It would be probably Toronto after that. And then we'll go from there. You know, I would have to see. But New York and then, you know, Toronto's right there. So possibly that way. Hey, what other thing I wanted to ask you about was sponsorship because I know you mentioned iron rebel. Um, you know, a lot of our listeners, uh, be it guys that are just getting into the sport or guys that have been doing it for a while. A lot of people are interested in figuring out like, how do I get a sponsor? What would be, uh, well, first of all, I guess like who are the sponsors that you work with? And, uh, what would you advise people to do that were interested in trying to find sponsors? Uh, so I work with iron rebel, my two, my two main spots iron rebel and project AD. Um, so when I got with iron rebel, it was in 2020 actually. And Luke Carroll reached out to me, Luke the Hulk on Instagram. He reached out to me. It was like, hey, man, like you have any sponsors. We haven't followed each other. But he said, you have any like, Clovis sponsors? I'm like, no, no, I don't have any body. Um, and I probably had 9,000 followers at the time. I guess still don't have a lot, but compared to other people. But I had like 9, 8 or 9,000. And he was like, yeah, we want to bring you on. And then it's been awesome ever since like they've been great. People, Luke is awesome. And I love work with iron rebel. Um, so I would just say to that note, we'll just probably be just, you know, working and making relationships with people because I met with Joe Binley of project AD at the 2021 New York pro. And, you know, it's been just something that we kind of cultivated ever since then. And then they signed me at the beginning of 2022. So I had previous relationships with these people and, you know, I just continued to to grow them. And again, Joe was also another awesome guy and project AD is treated very well. So, um, and previously before them, I had worked with my old coaches sponsored brand, Doran Hamilton's brand, AC Muscle. So again, you know, just just another relationship that just kind of cultivated into an opportunity. Um, so for me personally, a lot of my, uh, I would say a lot of my opportunities just came from meeting people and, you know, and call, like I say, a cultivating that relationship with them. Yeah. And you know how to talk to people too. Like, and I saw you interacting with the ton of people at the Olympia. I think that that's a probably a big part of it once people get to meet you and know you. It's like, hey, that's a good guy. Plus you've got a physique on you. So that doesn't hurt either, right? It is a herodol. Um, yeah, I'm not really a social media guy would say, um, yeah, I'm more of a boots on the ground. Like, I love when they send me to, um, you know, store events. I had plenty of events this past summer with, uh, you know, Jake color was there and I got to, like, watch him and how he interacts with fans and, um, you know, that's something that I want to emulate. Um, and I love that because I think, you know, a DM is cool, you know, a common is cool, a tag is cool. But when you really get to shake a person's hand, ask him what, why, how did you get started? Why are you here? You know, um, you know, what are your motivations and what are your future plans? I think that builds a connection with them and then you can, then that's something that they'll carry with them and you'll carry with you. Um, and then you might see them later on down the line. Two, like, I met somebody that I met at the Arnold last year. I saw them at the Olympian. You know, we remember each other and it was a good, it was a good interaction. So this is what I, I love about the sport, you know, building those relationships and people and having it impact. That's cool. That's cool. So with sponsors that's kind of the deal, like they'll, they'll take you in. Yeah. What do you do? You go places. You, I mean, I've seen like, do you like photoshoots and stuff with iron rappler? How does that all work? So photoshoots with eye-revel? Um, I've gone to store events with iron rappler. I've been to like a place in Kansas. That was awesome. Um, with the Arsenal supplement store. Um, my, my, my, my, my good friend Caleb, he owns that with his, with his wife. And, you know, just, again, that was a relationship that like, I met through my sponsorship. And now there are good people that have, you know, in my corner. And then with project ID, they send me to all, like, in these different stores that have like store events going on. So, um, people come through. You get to meet them. And that's, that's all, what I love to do is just, you know, I don't care. You can fly on me anywhere. I'll say yes. That's cool. Do you guys have anything else you wanted to throw in here? I had a couple, like, you know, off topic questions. And I had some listener questions we could throw in and stuff. But uh, I just want to make a comment that uh, I think a good physique without a personality or integrity of useless. But I'm pretty old to. So, the younger crowd may not agree. And I've seen it exactly the opposite where they, you know, listeners and followers and minions, if you will, will support a great physique with an absolutely horrible personality and person. So, there's that too. I didn't mention names got show. So, it's disappointing to see. So, when I, when I do get to meet someone like yourself, it's a really good combination. It's refreshing to someone who's been around for a long time. And likes when there's a good personality and a good person and, you know, your relationship with your dad. And every, it's, it's, it's cool. It's, it's a good story. So, even if I didn't like you, I'd have to. I mean, I would want to be supportive of a guy like you, Carlos. Very cool. Thank you very much. Appreciate that. Let's get going. Yeah, and you know what, you hear people say you're like, like, like, like we just did that interview with Terrence. And one of the comments was Terrence is such a good guy and he's really good for the sport. You hear people say, this person is good for the sport. And I think that's, you know, like, that's what it comes down to. You know, what are your motivations? And you, like you said, you're like, I want to be able to meet people, build relationships and basically create positivity. That is that's good for the sport. You know, that's, that's what it's about. And I think that's fantastic, you know, there's not a lot of humility in the sport either. So when, I know when I see it, it's refreshing. All right. I'm going to throw into question here. I had, we've got a bunch of stuff. You know, we're all going to do a Q and A after this. But we've got one that I want to throw in here because I, I want to get everybody's opinion, but I wanted to make sure that we got Carlos and on it too. It was about training partners. If I could find it, let's see, here's a trend question. Here's a trend question. Here's another trend question. Here we go. Here it is. Jason says, question for what's what and gear the pros and cons of training alone versus with a partner. I realize this is subjective, but I'd like to hear gut responses from you guys. Thanks for the excellent content. So we'll start with you on that one, Carlos. And training with, probably I would go outside of that and say just training with my trainer. He doesn't, he's not a training partner, but he trains, he trains me. And I just, I like, I prefer that because around me, it's hard to find a training partner. So I would, if I had to choose between those two, I'd opt for training alone just because the pool around me is not very deep with people that I feel would, you know, want to take the intensity to the levels that I try to take it to. So I would opt for training alone, but preferably I would love to train with my trainer. What about you guys? I think a trainer like, like, you have is kind of like a training partner. He's just not doing the sets, but he's giving me that motivation. He's giving you that support. He's making sure that on that ninth rep, maybe you get it, maybe you don't. He's making sure you just barely get it with you doing all the work. I think that's a really good relationship. And I could tell just when I see you guys together, you guys have a really good relationship. He's got your back in every sense of the way. And you can see why he's been crucial to your success over the last couple of years. But in terms of, in my case, training partners, I've had training partners probably for the last five or six or seven years. And I've gone through a lot of them because, you know, with our sport, people come and go in terms of the attention or their, their motivation to either compete or or whatever you want to call it. You know, someone's into it for two years and then life happens. They have a kid. Whatever it might be. So, I've been blessed to have some good training partners. And I think the reason why I like them is because you're connected with just that one other person or those two other people. And what I see a lot of times is people that train by themselves. Even though they were in headphones, they got their phone with them. And in between sets, they're scrolling, they're doing stuff like that. And to me, I think that's an intensity verister. And some people can turn it right back on in between sets. But for me, I want to keep that energy in that intensity and that mental focus up for that whole time. Even if you're trading, you know, jokes or whatever in between sets. It's very different than like sitting on a bench for two minutes scrolling, oh, it's time to do my next set. And I have no problem. Like, if my friends or my training partners are, you know, picking off with like their phones, I'll just snack out of the hand. I'll be like, bring that shit somewhere else. You know? So I do think there's pros and cons to it. But I like it, you know, in a sense that you can motivate each other. You can, you know, as I get older, maybe I'm getting a little weaker in certain exercises. They're getting stronger. It'll push me to try to make sure that I'm keeping up in a sense. And also, like, I think I told you, I took a younger guy on a couple weeks ago, trained with us. And we did a crazy leg workout and pretty crazy like workout. And, you know, while he's pukein, I'm not pukein, but I'm sitting there like, you know, okay, this could keep up. Okay, good for him, you know? And it'll push me though. And it made me work harder than I probably would have worked that day. So I do, I do think there is something to say about training partners if you find the right person that matches intensity. Yeah, you know, it's funny that I have similar thoughts about it as you do and your my thing is it's too fold. I can't find a training partner and I would, if I could, it'd be awesome. But I can't find a training partner that is willing to deal with my limitations after training for almost 40 years. You know, I'll start next time. I've been like, it doesn't feel right. I'll go to an algorithm, something else. I don't have to explain it to a training partner or justify it. Now, if I have someone follow me around, I love training with my wife when I used to love training with my wife, God love her. When she was very serious and her because she would literally just follow me and I didn't get argued with, I didn't, not argued. But wouldn't be like, well, let's do this instead and I don't want to do that because there whatever for whatever reason there's limitations. But the other part is important to me too and that is this. And this isn't right or wrong or I'm, you know, my approach is better than anybody it's just my thoughts on it since I've come into it since I was 14. I came in by myself. And to me it's such a me thing. I don't know if it's control. I've never worked with a prep guy. I've never worked with an attrition. I've never worked with a trainer. I just want it all to be about me. And I know that sounds bizarre or very narcissistic but I just want total control of everything. If I want to change something, I change it. If I'm running behind 30 minutes, I don't want to have to rush or feel rush or that I'm holding someone else up. The last one, their times are all trained at a different gym. I think most of you guys have you know, membership's to three or four gyms or you know, access to different gyms. It depends on the equipment that is there. Try to get a training partner to meet though. It might be a backwork out the following week that I want these two exercises instead of, you know, the two that I did the prior week. I need that control and I need that flexibility. So there's no way that I can train someone unless I'm paying them a lot of money to follow me around. And I like my money so I'm going to keep it. Well speaking to like, when you like, you know, back in the day, like, did you have a training partner or was it more of the same spot itself? I have trained with training partners and I'll say this. In almost 38 years, I can think of four that were great. And luckily Jimmy was a great one. But I was being paid for that very, very well too, but we clicked so it worked. But there were times, he'll tell you if he was on right now, he'd be like, skip never showed up on time for what I'd be five minutes later. If you know, I andrew you guys know, I'm always running behind it. Used to blame it on the four kids. But now that they're grown out of the house, I don't have that anymore. So there were times where it worked very, very well. You can get in three, if you have two training partners or three of it, that would that's ideal, because if one seems to be dragging his assors having a bad day, you're still feeding and then the two of you are chiding him to get back like whatever that is, that's not important. Get back on and there's more of a bang bang. And here's the funny thing. If I'm by myself and someone works in me, I work in with them. If they're stronger than me, it does take me up a notch. Yeah, sure. I will push a little harder. But I always pride myself. I'm never going to be the biggest guy I never have been. Never going to be the strongest guy. Never have been. But I do want people to recognize. I don't need the attention, but I want them to recognize, you know, what that mother fucker might be outwork in the vast majority of people in this gym with solid mechanics. I want to convey, I know what the fucking doing and I want to be respected in that sense. So I, I'd like to think I do that, but like I say, I can step it up when I work in with somebody. So it'd be nice. I just, it doesn't happen. It hasn't happened in a long time that I've had somebody that I can click with that it actually fits in works. I feel like for younger guys, it can be a good thing. Especially if, if you connect to somebody who has a little bit more experience than you, there's a little stronger than you are, you can learn something from them, you know. I think that there can be a lot of benefit in that. I think that I've kind of looked at it as like I've gone hiking by myself and then I've gone hiking with a friend and when you go hiking with a friend, you kind of keep the pace up and it's like you keep it moving. I feel like a good training partner can help you with that. I do like three people with three people. I think it works good because that way somebody's always on the machine usually, you know what I mean? It's like, or whatever I do. If you have three people, then it's like once one person's done, the next person goes and it just keeps that pace moving versus you have to be careful with two. If you start talking, you know, then it's like one, two little break and little break turns into a big break. But I've learned a lot from having training partners, but yeah at this point in my life with where I'm at right now, I just, I go out there into the rest of the basement and I just train by myself and I get it done, you know what I mean? One thing I'll say is I train with clients, so like people that I prep and so they're about the same mindset. If you know what I'm saying, they're body builders, they're not or like like my two training partners often Vermont, you know, one of them's a young often coming classic body builder and then the other one was a natural body building champion several years back and so he still knows how to push, but I also want to point out something funny. So Nate Spear just sent me a couple of back shots and they look pretty good. So I took a screen shot of my camera here to say just be like, I'll get back to you in a few and he goes, Carlos, you traders. That's great. I look forward to seeing you guys get on stage. That's going to be awesome. If we could do it, I would love to get both of you on the same show. Go ahead to head podcast before the New York throw. It's something that I don't know. Yeah, you could pull some like Arnold mind trick games kind of thing and then Andrew, you could be like, lose dad, you know, something, you know, you guys could do that. I wouldn't do that. No, no, no, no, no, no. Anyway, this has been a lot of fun, man. You mentioned your sponsors and know you're not a big social media guy, but I'm going to have your your link to Instagram down below. Is there anywhere else that you want people to follow you reach out to anything like that? Yeah. So I do have a YouTube channel. It's just my name Carlos Thomas Jr. But I'll be posting more content for the New York throw on there as it goes. We go along throughout the prep and yeah, if you are interested in any supplements or clothing, check out, probably a date and then I'm rebel. The code is just my name Carlos. Just Carlos for both of them. Awesome. We appreciate Carlos and Carlos planned for project AD Carlos 10. Carlos 10 for project AD and then just Carlos over at Iron Rebels. I'm actually wearing some Iron Rebels sweats right now. Dude, I think too. I'm already really. And shorts. Yeah, I realized it. Yeah. You kid me. These are good pants. I've had them for like five years. I think they stopped making them. They're like a jogger. It's got like a fitted black jogger. I don't think they have them on the side anymore. But if they did, I would suggest everybody goes. Sorry, I just had my elite FTS stuff on. I got a lot of stuff. I'll send you some nice. Yeah, they make good stuff. Bodybuilding brand right now. Yeah, I know me too. Stereotypes. They're true. Right. Well, it's like half my clothes are granite clothes. You know, teacher, it's that they just send me. And then all my pants and shorts usually come from Iron Rebels because they are so comfortable. And they're not expensive. You know, they're very, you know, economical in terms of pricing. And they're comfortable. You wear them with Jim. You can wear them sitting around the house. When I leave the house, you know, it's, it's cool. I like the Iron Rebels. Like the beach huddies. You know, the real thin beach huddies. You know what I'm talking about? I've got like three of those in two of them are the same color. But I just, I like that so much. I got another one. So, whatever. Anyway, guys, we appreciate you tuning in. Go follow everybody. If you want to reach out to Andrew for coaching, you can do so at BodyBerry.com. Reach out to skip at teamskip.com. You can hit me up at McNallyDiats and Gmail.com. And of course, check out our great sponsors, true nutrition, uh, true nutrition.com is our title sponsor. Use our code, think for additional savings. Uh, and of course, strong sports nutrition. If you're in the UK, in supplement source.ca for Canadians. Thank you, everybody, from Patreon. By the way, that question we had was a Patreon question. We'll get some more of those in our next Q&A. We'll see you soon, guys. All right. Carlos, this has been a pleasure. I mean, we'd much appreciate it, brother. Absolutely. Thank you guys for having me on. I really do appreciate it. Again, big fan of all you guys. Andrew, skip. Scott, thanks. And like these guys, this is awesome. And thanks for coming on. I would love to come back on any time. Awesome. Awesome. Any time. We, we, we, we, we, we do. We do me a favor. Uh, text me one of your favorite stage picks. Uh, um, it doesn't have to be this minute, but sometime between now and tomorrow. Uh, and I'll use that as part of the, uh, the cover picture that we put together. And then I'll send you all that after it's all set up. I'll send you a link in the, in the pictures and stuff. Awesome. Thank you so much. Thank you, brother. Carlos, picture over by you. See you, man.