So if you don't understand, like pulling like this is wrong, and understanding that I can't get my head, every time I pull my head, rocks, it's like, no pull through yourself. And rock away from yourself, pull through yourself. So I'm always emanating forward. I'm not rocking back and pulling to me. This episode is brought to you by Mutant. Go to immutant.com and use my code Bigron20 or... You can use my code Dusty20. Hey everybody, welcome to It's Just Body Building Episode 159. Of course, our producer Scott McNally. DustyHands shot on myself BigronPartlo. And on the show today, Big Mike VanWick. How are you doing your beast? I'm good, I'm good, how are you guys? Good, doing great. We got to remind everybody to like, share, subscribe, comment, and... Bring the bell. Good job. There you go. We got to get on the bell ringing train. And we appreciate all the support everybody. So let's just get right into Mike VanWick. We've had people asking to have you on. You're killing it on TikTok. You're out there, pure, having fun playing with all the toys, training some of the Canadian boys and helping them out. And I'm just, uh, how are things going for you, man? They're good, man. I'm thinking about literally shaving my beard off now. I'm looking at top good Dusty's beard as well. That's great. Yeah. It's like, why am I even growing this? It's not gonna look like that. Yeah. I'm like, good. We're gonna put your face lower Dusty. This is a hides. Yeah. Okay, there you go. Wow, there's a very short list of things Dusty's good at. And beard growing is one of them. Now I'm good, I'm just like, I've just been training people when I'm fun. I'm actually staring on the barrel of a hip replacement surgery. Like 12 days. So pretty okay. Okay. Hey, you know, you know you did the work and we're a true lifelong athlete when you got to get your hip. Yeah. Yeah. That's a real bad diviner. Everyone should strive for. Yes. Bit of a place. So up 42. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. So I gotta give everybody a recap. Mike Van Wick is the 2009 Canadian National Bodybuilding Champion. That's where you got your pro card. And you were a one and doneer. I saw a couple of guys come over the years. You showed up once. One to show. That was it. What was I let's start with the start with the pro bodybuilding. What? What was the pro bodybuilding like for you? You came on so fast and know you you you you you tore your peck pretty quick to like, look and back on all that stuff. I mean, you know, you came out of a football background. What's what what was the bodybuilding thing like for you? And why do you want to help these guys now? Well, I think it's just going back to like being the one and done thing. It's like I had I've never had a chance to speak to you personally, but like I had a lot of motivation in my career from you. Like Ron because like I was I came back up to Canada and like living in the states. I went to school played football there when I came back up here. I get into bodybuilding and obviously I wanted to like attempt to be as good as I could be and I was always like I was always like I was coming up in Ontario and I was doing well on Ontario and stuff and I always had like my late coach Darren who runs met. He he like you don't know it because you wouldn't know it, but like you were like a massive motivating factor in like one how hard I trained and to like what type of condition I was trying to get in and like size I was trying to put on right. So it was a big there was points where like I really did not like you when I didn't even know you. But I mean in the nice in the nicest way like I was just like yeah who the fuck's this guy that they're talking about and I see like there's like back in the day like there was obviously you know like Instagram was in its agency and like there's Facebook I guess but like it wasn't like now you know I mean like we're getting like update picks and all this shit like every two fucking minutes and it's like I would just see like little blurbs about like in muscle mag or something about about you and like how you'd one the dashals a year before maybe not didn't win the overall one super heavy because of ever and I was just like man like I'm fucking like scas a monster the fuck. You know what I mean I just like I remember like serious I remember I vividly remember being like maybe three weeks out from the nationals and I was posing with Darren and he's like runs in a fucking beat you when I was like what he's like you're not fucking conditioned enough man he's gonna fucking know condition you and they're like he's like we can't play a size game is wrong and I'm like okay so fucking tired me I don't know what do we gotta do here like tape garbage bags to me and I walk around all day I don't know what the fuck I'm supposed to do but like yeah it was a big like I remember walking by you backstage like is that at that theater I think was like an underground kind of locker room I forget like yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah and I remember walking by the room and I suck I saw you and Chris stand there because you see when I was like oh my god I hope I could well yeah I like I hope I just look good up there you know I mean that was like but he was like but I one I when I one I was like I don't I'd still like I can remember the feeling I was like I really thought I was just like hearing I was like fuck oh no man you're awesome you had you you you had a crazy back yeah you had this crazy thick ridiculous back and and I remember I thought that was the difference was as your back was I didn't know if you were like one of those football deadlift guys it came out of football with a crazy back or something I wasn't sure but I remember thinking like oh we're very comparable I mean you the funny part is you beat me by one point you remember it was for the time I was not coming in there being like good I'm the man I was just like oh boy this is no it and it was good it was it was good for me too because I was you know looking back I wasn't ready to be a pro I mean you know I and I'm glad I didn't turn pro that year because you know what it changed my whole life but but but you came in stole the show and Darren all over what a great coach like like how did Darren help you well I met I literally I came back from the States to be with my mom because you kind of have an extra will hear so I moved back to Toronto and I just need I was like bouncing I was bouncing it like a fucking two night clubs and like being a meadhead like five nights of the week bouncing people and shit and I was like I need to get a job that's kind of normal and I was like and then my buddy he was a pro too his name is Lee or he lived in Toronto he was like oh I know guys the personal trainer manager at extreme fitness and he's like Bill higher you because you're big and you work all right so I was went there and the person that I actually did like my assessment with or like my run through fake training session with was Darren and I was taking someone through and he was kind of like shadowing me and at the end he's like he's like what he was like what are you like where did you come from that you just walked in this gym like this is like a change in right and I'm like like good life and I'm like I don't know man I need a job he's like what the fuck did he's like let me like let me train you and I'm like no I don't want you to train me because I saw a shady was doing it was just like very like I came like I don't know if you've received Darren chamber it's very like very methodical I'm like very like it's almost like he's like going through some meditations session and you're just like I'm not doing and I'm coming from like football and then my guy I trained with in the states was like heavy fucking blah blah blah like intense and and then this guy's like slow and smooth and like namaste and I'm like buddy I know I think we're gonna mesh well but then I he showed me some stuff on back and I was like wow okay then let's so I can train together I'm like you're not training me you're training with me I'm not fucking getting trained by someone so I mean I'm trained with me he put on like 25 pounds the or we're not like 25 pounds like back on because you yeah yeah yeah I'm like get back on man I'm like you need to keep up but my boy is like okay okay what are you even doing this whole time here just like lurking in this basement of a stream of it that's yeah that's that came to me yeah we got to this funny I put the coaching up or I put the question box up and I got five questions about your bodyguarding hopefully want to know bodyguard stories are you tired to tell those I don't really tell them to be honest I don't really I also don't like mention to our words for no training okay oh it's like that I was kidding guys I was gonna say I hadn't heard any of these stories personally either so that makes sense no I mean there's there's stories that I can tell with like an ambiguous person that I'm perfect but I was like I have an I have a lot of respect for the person that I guarded I have a lot of love for them so I don't want to like detract from them or do anything that might cause them like oh I sold them so said this and then that's right yeah yeah not that there's not that there's all these like I don't have any of these like stories that would be like woo yeah I mean it's nothing like that right really there's no maybe a handful of instances where there was something kind of odd but it's like the professional the professional courtesy I got to ask though so like are we talking like celebrities or is that what you mean sports figures or yeah like one of the most popular people in the world probably okay yeah I know I know but I will I won't throw the knee there I believe it out yeah yeah what uh you still do you think some in that much digging it wouldn't take you up to get you to figure out who but well everyone and everyone in the question box seem to know but I'll leave it well you do still do you still work with them do you still do some of that or is YouTube is you know I had to I had to take a step back from that like I did that for six years and it was like the biggest one of the biggest things that I were happening to be around that person and to be doing that kind of work and just traveling all over the world and meeting great people that met a lot of really nice people from that just kind of being in that environment but it just had to take a break from it because I have like I have an elderly mother and I have like a lot of responsibilities close to home where I being gone all the time is really rough like it's not it's like I've said before it's like you're being a year visitor in your own life in the sense that I'm living someone else's life and I'm dipping in it out of my own I'm never I'm not present because even when I'm present I could be called to go I could call or leave them for London for two weeks pack your bags or like we're going here we're going there so it's like and it's cold yeah COVID make me COVID really made me understand what was happening with that because all of us know we spent like a concentrated amount of time like at home like and I was I hadn't done that in like almost five years so I was at home and I was literally in my home and like in my family environment and seeing like what's going on I was like I don't know if I can like I can be a way like this anymore just because it's just like now that I see how how much I needed here and like what's really going on it's just like I can like so I kind of like I expressed that to them and they kind of understood that and I kind of faced back into the training I just came to the gym to check out the gym because Dorian I built it my was interested to see it and I saw Antoine me and Antoine have had a relationship for a while we've known each other for a bit and I just it was around when he won the California Pro so I just congratulated him and Dorian I was like if there's anything I can never do to help I don't know what it would be but just ask him like I have some ideas about what you could do with his back because I see what he's doing I see what's off about it but I'm like if you don't want it it's cool but I don't expect you to be like oh but he's just like no that's one's like I want you to show me so like show them some stuff and then the rest is kind of history I never asked for like I never like with all that's beyond let's film this and put me on the brand or paint I don't just like I'm just here like I already make money I already have a job like I do stuff where I'm like you know what I mean so it was just like what it was honestly fun for me like I just if I could help I'd love to help if not then whatever and I started helping guys like Riegen I started helping Quinton and the rest kind of snowballed from Merso cool you think who do you think the most talented bodybuilder you've ever worked with just pure it's a close it's a it's a tie to be honest between Antoine and Q I thought that was both those guys yeah I know but it is like there's there's just something like you guys know you're you guys love bodybuilding as much as I do there's just something there's something special going on with Quinton there's yes you can't deny that if you know bodybuilding you know that that's that's a physique that's like what are we waiting for that to be like are we going to be as everyone in 20 years and be like oh that's all Quinton did Quinton did this remember we're kidding to this when everyone is talking with this Olympia and that Olympia that's like that's what we're looking at right if it keeps on the trajectory if it keeps on the trajectory of the long you know I mean there's nothing really standing in that guy's way but I'm going to go into like Antoine like there's no there's no one that's harder working and there's no one that's like as dedicated as Antoine I've never met them like this kid this dude is like next level like almost borderline scary OCD addicted to this right but it's how he functions and how he how he sells right I couldn't do it because I'm just don't care that much like I'm yet more like go at the flow you know I mean like every like I'm waiting at 1130 and the I fucking tornado or a fucking machine gun will not stop me for me at 1130 and like it's like alright man cool it's like literally will miss workouts because he's missed time to steal like I can't I'm just I'm like okay man you could just eat it after or like you did it now I don't know man whatever works for you and it's working so fuck what who or there's anybody to criticize right I have to ask if to ask what what did you see because you said you could spot something in his back training that was off and I know back for me is something that has been an ongoing thing of trying to really figure it out I feel like back is such a complicated muscle group to grow for a long time it didn't make sense and I see a lot of guys that listen to our program they're struggling with various body parts so I'm almost looking for advice for everybody out there what did you see in Antoine that needed to be changed it wasn't it wasn't necessarily like oh I specifically saw this in Antoine I just see it in everybody okay so like the movement on back on back has become way too rigid and the in the last like decade or I don't even know what the time went to this beyond the square is everyone's locking down now and everyone's trying to like over over contract their back thinking that the over contraction of the back is going to elicit growth what it's the movement of your back that elicits growth and development interesting so yes we need we need to contract our back there's no doubt about that but don't pull it right so I need to pull it roll back and squeeze here and then let this squeeze out so slow and then squeeze back into it it's the same analogy as if I'm pumping my bicep I'm not going to go like I'm going to squeeze here and go yeah keep flexing my bicep I'm going to let my bicep extend and allow the free motion of my muscle to contract them up to contract up again right so yeah I just don't think people understand the motion of their back because they're thinking about it it's like when I try to break down movements and I different from different stuff and I don't know like I mean you guys will toward me say it but it's like when they think about chess like obviously our chess does not open like elevator doors and clothes like elevator doors obviously but in your mind when you're pressing if you start to think like I'm spreading open and I'm contracting in yeah if you start understanding that concept of repress then things start to make more sense because it's like go I don't know where my my my pecans search into my shoulder sure or like I don't know where this this alignment is I don't know how the fibers of the muscle are turning and twisting I don't know that but I know the feeling that it elicits right so it's the same with back like dust he's got a great back too I'm sure like when he picks up weight and bends over he knows exactly how to lock onto his mid back probably and let his latheing without even thinking about it where the most guys don't get that it's like it's so if I if I see my little hunched or I see my little hunched over or my chest is caved in yeah I'm still pressured here in my back so I'm allowing motion rotation up and around my back and up so I'm able to clear shoulders lift sternum and get up through my pole whether I want my elbows down whether I'm open whether I want them flared it's gonna listen different contractions on my back yeah so it's just I don't think people understand that now people have gotten into this whole mindset I did a rant on this the other day like they get these certain machines like we have a nodalist machine here the plate loaded the unilateral pull right yeah it's shit I don't think it's good like I think it's I for teaching for someone who knows how to feel their back it's very good okay for someone who doesn't understand back they're just gonna lean back on the thing and snap this thing and puts four plates on it and fucking it it doesn't even understand that your drive from your back pulse comes from your feet right it's like I have to drive like if I'm doing a barbell pull I don't just snap that bar up and hope that the bar moves I'm generating force through my feet and driving my chest up through and pulling oh yeah and then I'm forcing weight back down into my feet and driving up through the ground and pulling it's the same on a cable pull yeah I'm my hip back I have my foot my weight generated forward almost like I'm in a three point stance and football and I'm rising up through this pull right so people a lot of people aren't aren't moving that horribly it's just their hip positions off and their point of tension's off and where they're where they're originating movement from so a lot of guys don't understand if I'm using my hand to pull something why the fuck am I just swinging my arm like this yeah I need to break my elbow I need to pull right and I need to get my chest up how do I how do I contract my back I pull my elbows I put my elbows and back with his deep as I can and retract my shoulders just like we all do on stage when we hit rear debt when we hit rear lats we all pull up and duck our head yeah and then push and then push our head back through and pull our back around what does that tell you why aren't you lifting like that that's your sport so if you don't understand like what pulling like this is wrong and understanding that I can't get my head every time I pull my head rocks it's like no pull through yourself rock away from yourself pull through yourself so I'm always emanating forward I'm not rocking back and pulling to me that's the problem right just people aren't there's sequence of movements off it's not necessarily that they're stupid or there's something wrong with them it's just like they've had a improper movement pattern imprinted on their brain they can't get rid of it yeah it's a kind of thing movement too you know yeah like I've seen I've seen dusty videos of dusty pulling and seeing them on a weights when you like when you start bent over at the barbell and you snap you pull up people are like that's crazy I'm like no it's not it's fucking wicked as back the fuck do you mean it's crazy the back is crazy what do you mean that's stupid you're stupid like that he's right on like I said before like when dusty picks up stuff guys with really and get really great backs they feel things so they understand that connection where it's like we're other with unconsciously subconsciously setting down my shoulder like locking down on my trap setting into my lap and understanding that my hands letting me go and I'm pulling my hand back so everything else is set down so I'm able to move freely through my extension of my arm right it's the same thing when you if I get over a bar like he does I could never do the way you do in a billion years but like if I stand up with my lock into my scout when I set my shoulders back and then I rock and snap up the full extension just happens to be hitting the ground that doesn't mean that you're they're killing the tension tension still there because it's fucking pushing up through your mid back all the time to allow those arms to swing to be able to even pull that weight right and guys just they don't understand that that's why if I make I make videos and I don't do things this way idiot's do things this way or whatever it is is because I I'm talking to the idiot not the professional guy who like understands where attention is and understands his range to like really rock on like sit on a muscle I'm talking with these kids who like pull down the tricep thing put their head to the side and go I mean like I'm just doing it because I thought you could do that yeah but jikutler knows where his tricep is if you give him a five pound dumbbell he'll literally just be like yeah and rock he'll try to say so connected right you understand that you guys are just like put my hood your push down right and they get to pop my tricep and everything yeah yeah it's like it's you're not doing you're not doing what you think you're doing you're not seeing what's what's really happening right so I'm trying to give when I give people advice or I set them into positions it's like almost like I'm never talking to like I'm not talking to his wrong I'm not talking to dusty I'm not talking to fucking Ian any of these like pop great guys right talking to you guys that are looking up to these guys and you're not understanding what they're doing and you're not understanding that you're there's levels and you're not at that level yet so bring it down and understand and then you can move up you've got to give them to you man you've got to gift it up your ability to explain stuff is is next level I feel like to me that's what is so interesting with like the stuff I've seen of you on YouTube and stay and you know your social media but not everybody can explain things what you just did that's why I had to ask to get your explanation on that and and you make me want to listen to you because I don't want to make you mad that's the thing it's like people are like you're like when there's like you need to just let it go man that people let him live I'm like I'm not even mad yeah like I'm not mad this is just me mad it's really like I'm just like it's just being passionate about something right see end up you end up speaking in a way that you're like oh he looks aggressive it's like no I'm just passionate about it yeah if you want to talk to me about the fucking blinds in this room I'll be like yeah it's a sponge I don't give it shit like right I mean but it's something I care about I'm like yeah man I'm like this is what I really this is what I think I have an opinion on it and I think that like everyone I think people could do stuff better and if I can help them I'd like to but if that comes across like is you're so soft and such a bitch that like oh this guy seems like he's yelling at me it's like change the channel then go to fucking follow up next year go to change the channel go to fucking take talk and follow whoever the fuck's popular there get them to fucking I don't know like these kids are crazy man like it's like the people that get it like I'm sure when you guys say stuff where you have it of pants stuff or you show something the people they get it get it and there's all these outliers these all these outliers and I call them the people who wouldn't be in the gym unless they could record being in the gym they have no desire to be there and then in fact they record the fact that they were there so it's another activity in their life like a lifter to like I went to the gym it's like we would all of us all of us would still be in the gym if there was no smartphones if there was no IFB stage to get on there was no pro shows to compete on amateur shows we just like lifting weights man yeah and that's predominantly what the society's made of is people who just enjoy working out and want to look better the smallest fraction of society is guys like us who have gotten on stage or pros and like this is a bar passion but every guy out there even if he wants to fucking deny it still wants to look better than they do look currently absolutely we want to have like even if they don't want to be a monster man I wish I had like who better biceps yeah even like you know I don't want like big legs but I want some big arms it's like but they want it mid to it right it's like we're just like yeah we mid to it we want everything big I want it all like do you remember the the moment like you you've got a very unmistakable and unique personality and look like you know you no one no one confuses Mike Vanwick for anybody else are you surprised with the amount of traction you've gotten on social media in a relatively short period of time and you know did you did it it takes some time for you to get comfortable just relaxing on camera did that come natural to you I never had a problem like I think really I haven't had a problem being on camera or like talking to people is when I had to be like fake or I had to promote something I didn't believe in like I'm sure you guys have to like this you know workout intro workout is full of BCA's and it's like I don't stuff I don't even know man I just taste like I just take it because it tastes good and they give it to me for free right and if I had to pay for it I wouldn't definitely wouldn't talk of it because I'm having the paperwork so it's like I just never had I never had a problem I think I have an easier time being on camera talking about the stuff because it's like it's genuinely me in the sense of like if us three weren't us four were in a room right now I'd be talking to the same way we just happen to be my phone in front of me right so I have the same interaction as soon as I walk off camera or when I'm on camera like I'm the same person all the time so I just think people have a hard time being on camera because they know they're not they're being they're not being themselves right I don't know if I'm probably myself I'm doing myself every day for my whole life so I happen to have I just happen to have a Laura like I developed a really good relationship of a Laura who films for me and does the content for each knee is like a big three media she's I just get a lot of the word I like her so I don't it's not like I have to like film with someone I don't like and I have to like pretend to have this rapport with them like and literally like come to the gym and turn the camera on let's just go like I don't even have a fucking plan at the time I'm just wandering around like and then she splices the stuff up it makes it looks like I'm organized but I'm really not I'm doing got the duro every up to do you know what the clips are gonna be or does she say hey I've got some really cool reels for you and TikToks and just shows them to you and you're like oh fuck that's oh that's fun it's cool it's cool it's cool it's cool like I just we filmed a bunch of stuff and we filmed like one day a week two days a week maybe one and then I'll we'll film for like over a long an hour of half hour just follow me around or whatever and then show the splices sounds real familiar isn't it yeah show send show send like clips I'll remember like some stuff I said no I'm like I said this to a lot of people when I'm on camera and I'm talking it's like I'm in it's like I'm will feral in old school when he just like he's at the debate he just like he's like what happened yeah I'm littered like that because it's just send me stuff and I'm like and then I like send it to my girlfriend and my girlfriend and I start dying off and like what are you laughing at just like you don't remember saying this I'm like no oh no no no no no no fucking clearly oh my god that's pretty funny I guess I don't know put that one up but yeah she just she does all the work for me like in terms of like splicing shit and put a lot of like I like helped her like a lot of like we kind of work synergistically together in the sense that I want to talk about this I want to show this kind of angle but I just see that when people demonstrate stuff like I have some stuff coming out next week I think it's like I was doing like like this bow and arrow type looking pull from like real delta for cable or you're like pulling down on the cable and I just noticing people are like keeping it way too close to their face like they're literally like and then trying to pull their elbow behind them whereas opposed I'm just dropping down on my forearm right so I told her I'm like people aren't getting that because they're seeing it from this front on angle or wherever you're rotating from I was like film from above it like get an aerial shot so it's like you can see how far the distance is in my arm away from my face on the path that the arm is moving on right just to help it's like to help people understand what I don't think people are showing them that kind of shit it's like we're like the diverging of like a dumbbell press and converging right from above people see you doing this but they don't understand that like when I'm doing a dumbbell press I'm not trying to put my hands together yeah and just squeezing I'm squeezing pecking driving through latsahard that my lats with my hands drift together so they don't they don't bang they're just drifting together because my peck is squeezing across my chest right I just noticed a lot of people are doing that because I'm like start your dumbbells at the bottom and then you see these guys at the they post these videos and they're laying on the bottom they look like it's turtle on its back like they're just like holding the dumbbells and they're like rocking their head up and down I'm like no man that's not it not even close it was just try sometimes there's a lot of times just reiterating to like help the people that are watching be like okay like you're getting half of it but you're not getting all of it right so I'm not as easy as possible I know you know we have a lot of fans and dusty and I come from like the old Dorian days you know why I definitely do come from the old Dorian days dust is a DC guy you know from the from when he started and I've heard that you don't like logbooks no I think I understand I don't like yeah I don't like logbooks for me and I don't like I don't like the I don't I don't have any problem with someone tracking their progress because some people's brains work that way and they need to like it and I understand that I'm like way with other things in my life when it comes to bodybuilding I'm not so it's like I understand if you don't track progress how are you supposed to know if you're getting better but also understand I also have a problem with thinking that progress is equating to weight being raised directly right right so like if if that's your only measure is like oh I looked in the book I'm doing more than I did two months ago while you looked if I can same dude right and like so that's where I have an issue where these guys are just like almost like zombie mode like as long as the weight's going up in the book I'm getting better it's like well you're not man some of you some of you are some of you aren't but it's like it's gonna come to a point where that's also like if we're following that path and there's all these paths to take right that path is literally the shortest path the most direct path to falling off the cliff so like I can only get so strong and then what right and I can only get so strong and then I and then I know yeah honestly something's going to give obviously but then I'm only nominally getting better all the time but like a pound a half of pound like I'm dripping back in my log books and I'm mentally fucked because I can't even do the weight that I did before so it's like there has to be some edge that's a great measure and I always I say that's another stuff too like this idea and I don't have a problem with progress of overload ever progressive I have a problem with progressive overload when you only think it has to do it weight right and nothing to do with stress nothing to do with stress nothing to do with like tempo nothing to do with any other factors of like intensity or de-intensifying something whatever it might be but like if you're not using all the tools you have your disposal or like you're understanding I've all these tools I'm gonna play with these five I'm gonna see what they do for me maybe I'll toss one I'll grab another one maybe I'll get released to a grab another one something's not happening anymore right so it's just I that's when the rigidness of the person who thinks that the log book is saving them is what bothers me I don't have a problem with people logging what they do or keeping structured workouts or following a structured path in terms of programming for training because some people need that shit and there's nothing wrong with it like I need it I need another thing it's like I need it with like tracking my money and I like shit I gotta do for the day if I don't write it down it's probably not gonna get done because I'll just be like oh whatever I didn't do what I do that today well I understand it like that's what I'm saying like I make you make these statements and this is thing on social media where you make these statements or you take a snippet of someone and then I like he hates that yeah yeah he said it no he said it in a 32nd clip he's fucking soil against that it's this number one thing he hates and I'm just like yeah I don't really care that much yes right yeah how tiny part is about it the actual one of the questions is Mike fucking hates log books ask him why it's funny though it's like I walk through the gym and someone's holding a log book I can slap another ear fuck off that no log do you nerd like maybe kick their camera over yeah that was fucking huge that was massive man like all these people that think I have such a fucking problem with triplots I'm like I just have an issue with them being in the way of people who are trying to do their workout and I also have an issue with an issue with it if you're so narcissistic that you think you married more than everybody that you put your fucking tripod in the middle of the gym you can just have your friend film it like I'm filming go for it put it in the corner and put a film it I don't give a shit like it's just these guys I'm sure you like anyone like I said anyone who knows no is what I'm talking about you see these fucking kids of the gym you just like I want to fucking smack this kid like if I wasn't such an act if I wasn't such a fucking like I didn't care about getting a rest of you going to jail I would just watch this hit across the room it's like you don't know how many times you've been like you've been you've been like your life has been let go because like right now the big guys just like it's like the lie you're a lot watching see sees this fucking gazelle with its back turns it's like yeah let him go not that's what you mean what do you what do you find is because for me for example at your same with a logbooks what I run into in general with anything you post is I kind of got away from describing exercise a lot because I would for example one time I literally put it an entire write up of how to execute a rack chain correctly then a video and posted it and I was immediately tagged and 500 of them as if they didn't read a single word they don't or watch the video and I'm and then I'm like okay I don't want to be a dick because I literally I would have to say like that was fucking awful I don't know where you think it's that bad so I'm wondering with with you because because on the flip I mean I do enjoy when someone's close and you're like okay you give them some a good advice they do a tweak and they're on their way it's definitely enjoyable but it's weird because I'm wondering have you gotten better at getting people to at least I think I'm saying some absorbed the information and actually be able to use it because like you said with logbooks people like all the numbers are going up it's like yeah but you had a four count negative a month ago you have a one count negative now your rep range is three inches shorter like you're not stronger you're just cheating your ass off yeah you know have you were done with a fact of that so it works yeah I mean I think that's why I come back to a lot of stuff that I that I say are upset for a while not I do like reiteration videos or I rehash different things because I see because I'm in the gym all day and I'm fortunate enough to like a lot of people in this gym like are starting to like follow what I do and I see the movements and doing because like I know that you didn't see that anywhere else like as your ass is doing some funky shit before and now you're doing this like you're doing this and you're curling in a certain way your bent your head's moving on bench a bit or you're like learning how to transfer weight so it's like when I see the mistakes that are happening in the gym in front of my eyes I'm like okay on now I see like I see where the disconnect is so let's like regal let's go back and reiterate this certain point like you guys are under you guys and girls are understanding this but it's this that like I need this this next part is where we like show them where the transfer happens where the weight sitting or how you're where my chin's going or whatever it might be that's just fucking them up because it's like it's information overload in the sense that like when you put up a video I'm only going to retain what I want to retain could be very honest of you I'm going to I'm going to take like my key points in my brain and be like okay I got it like for sure no you don't like you don't you don't have it man like and it's fine you shouldn't be able to pick stuff off that easily right like if you are cool but it's like yeah that's kind of why I just keep reiterating different things or coming up with ways to make things easier because it's like the formula that I learned in football that's carried throughout my life and I'm sure you have the verb that is like the kiss formula like keep it simple stupid so like it's just dumb it down until it's like so easily digestible that it's just like black I mean like this is it you move this move that boom yeah like you start it off as 10 things and start off as 10 things and that we've like done it down the three things and now we just cruise at that right so in that repetition I think it helps because we do that I think in the package we answer you know a lot of the same questions and I think over time people people get it and you're right man because people it's a lot to take in if you're going to like retool my whole bench press I might be able to remember like you know I'm going to slow that negative down now or something you know yeah then I see that next video I see it again and eventually I think this thing is it does take time so that makes sense yeah thank you guys like and it goes back to like other sports right you guys will play to their sports and like you understand like info ball practice let's say the guys in the pros are still doing the same footwork drills the guys in p-mere doing the kids there's a reason for that like there's a reason why they're doing the rope drill to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to having verb bags hopping over bags hopping over bags change direction like whatever it might be because that should is just it becomes ingrained it's just second nature I don't think about that So in the field when I have to change direction, I change direction. When I on the field if someone does it my leg, I step over them and I run. I don't there's no like oh, I don't know I run. Like it's like no, it's these patterns become ingrained whether it's a boxer and boxing. Like they're jab, they're learning the first day they walk in the gym and it's footwork. Like step with your job, step with your job, step with your job. And you'll do that every day. Won't stop doing that. Like not care whether you're Tyson Furrier, kids starting out. Always going to practice like your footwork and your movement and your jab, jab. Everything comes off your job. So it's bodybuilding's the same. That's why these kids just like just get into the weight and push it. Like that's the fucking worst ignorance should have ever heard. Right. Like it's you're dumbing down something that's like lifting heavy weights is not a fucking joke man. Like you really fuck yourself up. And I have like I've torn my pack fucking fuck myself up like I've done it. So if you don't respect that process and they're standing like you need to set up the same every time. And I understand how to engage here. You lock here. So we've minimized the chance of stuff happening. This is all like very intricate stuff. But to everyone else, look at you. You push the barbell up and down. Cool. Let me try it. Let's go fucking gear but bench. Right. But that's what they've literally done with this new fitness culture is like these stupid dumb-down tick-tock videos. Like you want to work you traps and they're like grab a cable and they're like pull here. Let go. Cool. Yeah. Yeah. I pulled the fucking broke to my face but what are they trying to do with that? Like I can pull a dumbbell up to and do a dumbbell curl but I can do that without even using my bicep. Basically I just bend my arm and pull my hand up. So like I don't have to do this. I didn't have to do this. I didn't have to do this. I was watching a guy at the gym today just happened between sets. And I like to do preacher curls with a dumbbell on an inclined bench just like standing next to it and use that as a preacher. And I happen to look over and I see two guys doing it and I realize they only caught a piece of it because the shoulder is doing this with every wrap. And I'm like, you might as well move the bench. Like and I'm tempted to walk over to be like it helped them but I was like this is going to start a whole me training you think. I'm not going to get there. You're not going to get there. Someone to look this one go. You're going to have to unravel their whole life for them. I want to do that. Really? What about this? Fuck. Yeah. Should not have done this. I have 36 seconds before the next set. But it is interesting because you do see that. Like I mean, just kind of quick glance. And in their mind like you said they're doing it right. They're elbows on the bench and they're moving a bicep. A dumbbell up and down. So it's the same things. You're like, there's a reason I'm doing that very well. But these movements just need to magically elicit the growth of the body part that they're supposed to be for. And we've all seen it. Like guys who like do bent over roads like not yourself literally like wiggle out from the rack and like their whole body's quaking and then like as they lean over you hear the plate plates going. Think, think, think, think, think, think and it's moving. It's not even moving past their main quad. It's like, right slam it down like all. Yeah, it's like yeah, your back looks like shit still dude. I don't know what the fuck that was about like you're just like you're the biggest the strongest picker upper of barbells in the gym. Like, have half that halfway off the ground. It's a practical specialist. You're the strongest. You're the strongest guy to pick up a barbell and water back four inches and then water forward four inches and put that. I thought that that good information which was if you can't see measurable change in a month something's wrong. It's it's a simple fact that I think a lot of people don't look at like am I different this month and last month where and if you can't see it. Then there's a problem. Yeah, I think there's also something to be said where it's like maybe if you're not visually seeing something you're you're mentally and like physically like you're connecting better. It's like right was doing dumbbell curls before and then I learned I took this guy style and blah blah now I really when I do dumbbells actually get a bicep pump. Right, like my dump my bicep is fucking I feel like it's going to fucking explode where his last month the only thing I hurt was my shoulder and my elbow felt weird. Right, really full of bicep pump right, but now I'm just like oh now I understand where my bicep is okay maybe now I can actually start moving some weight and like pushing myself a bit because I understand the muscle that I'm training. So like let's make that connection and if you're having if you're like an experienced guy like us or like guys like our level. If you've always had problems feeling like see your back for instance like we were talking about it's like okay well like let's revamp what we're doing we can always go back to the bullshit. There's no problem. Yeah, we know the bullshit real well. But like why don't we just like understand like let's start stuff in like half reps if you have a training partner stir stuff in half reps where your shoulders. Already locked down in your halfway into a rep where you should be. And let's rock out from the half rep and rock through the last quarter the last half of the rep. So let's get those shoulders down and back which is most people's problems because they're so fucking big up top they can't even get these things to move. Let alone lift their sternum. So like let's get you in a position where you're like you're already forced to be here and then let's slide back through on a single weekend handle more because if we get too far forward this happens again and we'll. This right. So we're tipping all the time we're ripping into us it's like let's just lower the weight and see if we can get like that mid back to kind of like understand that it's supposed to like expand. And then pull back in and understand that that's moving our arm and supposed to like we just pull things and hopefully something happens. It's like I don't not working so let's can compartmentalize it and put it into pieces and then let's bring the whole thing back right. Yeah. The same thing with like pictures and baseball or like a quarter back in football like they'll work on like step step step and turn their shoulder when they're turned their shoulder so they understand like where they're throwing from. Now they're like are they'll cock you and they'll just toss from shoulder. They'll do these like break down breakdowns of like form and then they just put it together through motion right. Like we understand that your followers through like the way the angle of the angle of your arm when you throw your elbows not high enough so we need to get the delivery to be up higher and throw down your down here right now. So we're just going to keep your elbow high and throw and throw so when you put it all together your bodies like oh we throw from a piano. Right and it's a better throw right but everyone's like I got to before. Everyone's equating being athletic to lifting weights but everyone lifts weights to be more of a more athletic. Like everyone does offseason training football offseason training golf guys are squatting as a deadlift thing guys are doing all this stuff. To become more athletic bigger stronger faster. To do dynamic sports but they're not treating the work that they're doing to be more dynamic as dynamic itself. Which is insane. Like course more goes into a back pull than just pulling your arms back just like more goes into golf swing and just going like this with your arm. Right. So it's like beating people understand that is like they just want to like I think that's where like the rigidness came from the stiffness of the sport like just get locked down. And pull and be rigid and crank your neck so hard you look like you fucking are about to have an embolism. It's just going to magically happen. Do you want to be? It's crazy. What about the mentality of all this? You know, being around for a long time we talked about this on the show. I mean we've seen people at the high levels that were just so mentally chaotic that we couldn't believe how good they were. And then we've seen people that had it all together like everything and they're at that high level too and it's you know what what about your your your the people you've coach and stuff. How do you feel about like the mental aspects and what's the most important thing to be a good body builder. I think good. I think you have to have a like a good mix of like you have to be like if you're a well rounded person you're grounded and you understand like I think the guys that take body building as being fun do a lot better. Then the guys who take it as like this is my job and like whatever like you can do should still have that framework. But you should also still be enjoying it because at the end of the day it's what you love to do and the guys who love to do it. Therefore it's not a job. See us we've become like a little obsessive about like our meal timing or how we took our supplements or like how we. Are how we schedule our gear and like where are all of times and so you should care about that stuff because that's all the nuances of what we do right but it's like at some point it's just like you also have to just like be like man I'm. I'm doing what I especially if you're making money. Do you want to support like and you all you gotta do is go to the gym. Like what you would do anyway. I think somebody's like a reality check like this is a fucking cool thing man this is like a very cool thing to have in my life like that I don't have to. The biggest stress of my day is what time I train. Like right and the rest of my day I just like chill out and eat food and like wait for the next workout like see what's on Netflix. I just think a lot of guys are just like get a little too wound up and I think that's why guys who are so wound up and so. And the hammered in the process and like over analyzing and like hyping like everything they do is like. Hyperanalyze and hyperthaut about the almost see these guys like they start to crumble. Yeah. When they start to like when they get closer to the show they start to unravel because something happened. That was off schedule. And it threw them into a fucking tail spin. And they're like oh my god I fucking had to wait two extra hours eat today of fucking a flat I'm shit it's like you're really not. You just think you are and now you're mind fucking yourself into like this fucking highly stressed state where you're just freaking the fuck out it's like. Just like go with the flow man be pliable and like understand that like this this sport is supposed to be fun. And whether you eat your meal at one or you eat your meal at one thirty. It's going to be okay man like everything is fine. It's not that big of a deal if you're not. If you're like having that little fun with with the sport you're not going to do it forever you're going to you know what I mean eventually it's like man this is just not fun anymore I'm going to do something else. Yeah it's like me like all the different compete again I have like I'm getting hip surgery I was torn peck I tore my bicep all the stuff. I still come to like still the highlight of my day is going to Jim yeah like I'm not doing what I'm doing I'm not going to be on on a stage ever again or maybe post it up to fix having the world be like oh he's ready five weeks here he comes like. It's just like no I just I really like being here man and I enjoy working out and I like fucking playing around with different angles and half the time I'm working out now I'm like working on stuff thinking of people that I work with that problems and I'm like how could this be easier for them. Like where am I pulling from what am I doing like down to my toes that's making this smooth for me and making it really rigid or just tougher them like might not teaching them right. So all that I'll think about stuff like Antoine or think about stuff for Quentin or different guys that I train like stuff for having problems with like and that shit gets me excited more excited than I ever got competing on my own. That's cool man. I enjoy helping these I enjoy helping people get better or feel parts body parts they never felt is like way more rewarding to me than I am. The wording to me than I then for benching five plates ever was. Yeah. If you could go back and tell like the Mike van Wick that had just turned pro. You know what I mean if you go back and show the fuck out. Enjoy it just just enjoy life man. The right turn pro and I'm like oh this now this is going to happen this is going to happen I'm going to go do this and I'm just like not that shit happened man. And I was so distraught when it didn't that I was just like a miserable fuck like. Just I shouldn't have done this guy fucked me it's because this guy told me that and I'm playing it everybody I'm just like relax man. Like if maybe if you relax and you weren't such a fucking stress bag maybe I wouldn't have popped my pack. Maybe if I wasn't an idiot and before I went to the Olivia expo because I'm stupid in my mind I'm like why don't they shoot all my juice now. So I in my mind I'm bigger at the expo. So I'm going to jam fucking five CCs and each thing like in my shoulders then I'm going to hop on a plane. And my fucking shoulders going to blow up like a balloon and literally I can't move and then literally I can't move the fucking thing. So then I go off the plane I have a fucking I have a fucking flu that I got when I landed literally got on the plane landed sick. And then I go to the animal I go to the animal breakfast next morning like you still want to do the 200 pound I'm going to blow something. Oh yeah that was the decision right there that altered everything. Like the number the real thing that altered everything was that I I went in the cage I was all fucked up I put all this hot rub on me. I think Sam Bird power to do give me some fucking hot rub I thought my skin was melting it was so fucking hot I was like having a panic attack. Just to get my shoulder like moving enough right and I'm like like get up there and I did the 150s and like they don't they didn't have anything between the 150s and the 200s. So if you wanted to do 150s again to warm up and like of course stupid stupid answer yeah I'll just go 200s. So I'm like fuck it I don't want to waste my energy so I fucking kick them up I kick them back I kick them back and I dropped one. I've never dropped a dumbbell in my life ever I've never dropped a dumbbell on a kickback even to this day. I dropped the fucking thing on the right side like if that isn't divine intervention being like do not do this you're about to hurt your spouse. Yeah and then my head I'm like in my head I'm like oh fuck it it's my belt that's the problem. So I take my belt off like change something and I literally fucking kick out the scoops of the right when open. I'm like in my head I'm like why why didn't I just leave it there why didn't I just leave it when I dropped it. I actually remember I was walking I was like running to the bathroom from the mutant booth and I came around the corner and you were standing there and you had like an ice pack on your shoulder or your pet or something. And I go hey Mike how's it going and you turn to me and you had like this look a shock on your face and you go I just tore my peck. And I was like oh fuck sorry to hear man like yeah I remember that the best the best is that I I popped it I pulled I tore the muscle off the muscle so it was a muscle rupture I didn't pull the tendon off. But I had a hole in my chest. So I'm like immediately when I dropped the dumbbell I grabbed my chest is like fuck and like I can feel that there's something wrong. So this I figured who was I think this Bobby field is like with animal back in the day he's like just a crap roast stretch it this dude grabs my arm. Or just back and start pulling on it. Oh my god. Oh he gets torn man. He's like no you'd be flying you just stretch it out. I'm like. I was torn then you just tore it for me so thanks. Oh my god. You got to love animal though God bless him fucking great guys always trying to help out. I always trying to help out. Oh man so chill the fuck out. What about the the actual state of pro bodybuilding right now? What what do you think of I mean pro bodybuilding's been through a lot the last couple of years? What do you think of you know where we're at? I mean I'm I'm just a fan of the I'm a fan of the sport I'm not a fan of the judging. I don't think anyone is this point there's a lot of weird shit going on I think. I won't get into that because I don't want to talk shit and get people I know in trouble. So it's like it's just questionable shit going on right? It seems to be getting more and more political as we go and I don't know what I don't even know what the agenda is. Because I don't the design even makes sense as to what the agenda could be. But it's like when you're when you're trying to like for instance like quitting on the weekend quitting on the weekend. Got beat by Andrew Jack there's no question Andrew Jack would be saying. There's a fucking freak. The Quinton will be at that state one day right but it's like you have to understand like if you guys are going to promote the sport and we're going to get the sport back to like the Ronnie days the Dorian days. Even the Phil Heath I guess you could say days like where there's like a raining champ there's like interest in the sport there's someone that transcends the sport. Where like people know who Mr. Olympia's you don't even follow bodybuilding right. Like you've got to start looking at people that are going to do that and create that pathway for you and there's guys like Quinton just like Andrew Jack there's called these guys coming up. You're not doing a good job of promoting them. There's nothing like being done to like to push these guys and show like this is what the sport is looking at. Especially if you want to like a guy like Quinton or like Andrew like tiny waste. Fucking crazy shoulders crazy taper like beautiful physique it's not like they're not these blocking monsters anymore right that everyone's complaining about. We're like turning into there's real freaks out there that are just beautifully aesthetically pleasing right and you're promoting like you're promoting little midgets we're like. And like yes and that's like well what are we are you wanting everyone to just go to classic and not give a fuck about bodybuilding anymore. Well that sort of seems like to me it's like they know that the money is in classic because the average guy thinks in his mind he could be classic. Because they perceive oh it's just not like it's big but it's not that big. It's like have you ever stood beside Chris Bumsted you fucking clown and you know how big that guy is. You know how big that kid is like that's not normal. You know attainable by you in your little gym shark outfit in the gym like. Some of those poor guys like you have some of those men's physique guys at that level like their monster. You know dude backstage at the Dallas show this week. The men's physique guys we're getting ready and I was like damn I saw I've been looking around. You know what it's like it's like inviting when like you see like the six foot four hundred sixty pound guy and he drops down to that weight class and he's just like this monster who just pummeled people. And he's just not supposed to be there like why are the fuck are you there how are you that weight. That's what's happening with these like men's physique guys are like I could do bodybuilding but fuck that. I was put these shorts on and fucking. Like they're upper bodies are insane dude. Yeah, they are. It's like you're just a fuck you're a full girl in Olympian in more shorts. It's like I thought it's just like they're the circumventing the weight right there's like I'm not getting there. I'm a fucking kid. I had a client that said the same thing Mikey is he's newer. Spend about two years bodybuilding and he said. I'll he wants to pick a division I said what do you want to do like I don't care about what you're made for what do you prefer. And he said well I want to be realistic I can't see myself becoming rammy but obviously bumstead is attainable and I was like. Get the fuck out of here. What is that is that but that's the thought process like he was dead serious because it's not 320 pounds of sheer muscle that it must be no big deal. I was like I'd do that. Oh best of luck to you dude and I'm gonna raise my rates if you pull that shit off so. Fuck. What about your favorite pro bodybuilders? You know when when you were a bodybuilder who did you look at and go man that guy fuck that's like the killer physique. I love I love dronny and I love durian. I like fucks wheeler a lot too. But like Ronnie and durian were my. I still think Ronnie's the best bodybuilder ever like I'll be yeah I'll be good with anyone. I don't think we'll see it. I don't think even with the talent we have coming up like I hope I'm wrong but like it's really going to be hard to find and that like that again. I don't think we're going to see that again. One of my good thoughts. Yeah one of my main thoughts is weekend looking at for example the men's physique was. You know there's this big long line of like 25 guys and I looked at them and I thought how many fill he's. Have we lost to this division. Yeah exactly. And we might like my dream I never dreamed of. I'm trying to your potential. Train to your potential I told those people all the time especially women like. Oh I wanted to be keys like we have a bigger body. Or like you have fucking amazing legs are you in great development why the go to wellness. Go to women's for the firing you limiting yourself why are you putting yourself in this whole like because you want to fit into this stupid category which completely fucking useless at the end of the day. And like so fucking subjective and political that fucking bikini division like. What do you think it's tough? You're comparing beautiful to beautiful laws when they're beautiful and that beautiful one it's like. All right like I don't know like anyone up there could win. Yeah because something like you're like it's not like when big brownie walks on stage. You're in terms of 20 tons of muscle you're like okay yeah that guy was. My man. What was I looking up before where did this guy go for it? It's like when the edge girl walks out you're like oh pretty. Oh even prettier. Oh nice nice but nice tips whatever the fuck it is like you're it's the same shit. There's no differentiating factor between these people. But at least if you go to wellness as a woman like wellness is crazy man. Those girls are fucking crazy those pros. All right that is crazy development man like some some of the best bodies in pro and pro bodybuilding are in wellness and women's like women's physique. These girls are crazy man like with the level of conditioning like the level of development. It's stupid like and you're gonna tell some girl who has that potential. Yeah just stay at bikini. It's like no just go do what you're meant to do like do not throw yourself back. Don't be afraid. Do you get do you get like I guess what what what what do you think when you hear someone let's just say a bikini competitor. Talk about it as a career. What's your main right. Because there's because where's the money right. Yeah do what. Only fans then yeah. Good business. It is good business. The things that people don't realize is if you haven't made money in 24 months you have a hobby not a business. It's very simple. That's every business if you if you attempt a business in 24 months in you're not in black. You don't have a business. And then you have to approach bodybuilding the same way doesn't mean you can't keep it being your hobby. But you better figure out what your business is also. I'm sorry I say to everybody I'm like these bodybuilders and these competitors and girls who figure girls bodybuilding amateur kids get a fucking job man. Get a fucking job start a business whatever it is something it makes you money where you're able to do this thing you enjoy as a hobby and it doesn't make a break you. Like have income you're in the gym an hour a day two hours whatever it is. Do it when you have time work and make money and hustle the other fucking 23 22 hours of the day. Whatever you have that you're not sleeping like why the fuck are you thinking this is going to lead to something. You're not even if you okay even if you your top top guy you sign a fucking $10,000 a month contract with whatever brand. Do you really think that's enough to sustain you because you're not getting that for life. You're getting that for a year or two whatever it is and you're going to blow through that. That's not a lot of money in this day and age. So what's happening you're not saving every penny of that. If you were getting that 10 grand and you had a career a job and that 10 grand was just banking itself. Cool. That's like nice little extra income on the side right but if you're relying on that to live that's going to move quick man. That's going to be gone. But these guys don't they don't see like it's like they don't see and it's like they don't see past the front of their nose like they just want to lift and be good. It's like what you can do that and have a job. It's possible. Like. There's a million people doing it. There's a million average people like us or whatever like just going to work and then going to the gym after and look better and fucking our healthier and more talented than these kids who spend their whole day in the gym. And then the rest of their day making stories on Instagram about their self-encoupling. It's like. Because they're just doing it like it's a part of their daily routine. It's not their life. It's it's madness to me. I don't know where this came from where they told these kids like oh yeah there's promise lance here like you go and turn pro in like it's entering the fucking NFL draft and you're getting a fucking. You're getting a signing bonus from the Buffalo bills like. And you're you're entering your little your entry level contract is a million dollars like nothing. No, that's happening. Your life doesn't change at all. Actually, you got a crazy car. You get the. You get the whole to fake. You get the whole to fake card up that you wanted to creatures with it. And like you should hold up being like this cost me money. I didn't make me. I paid for this and I paid the edge of the show and I paid for my suit and I paid for everything a hotel room. Everything cost me money on this journey. But I'm so happy to be here and look out for our outcome. It's crazy man. Nothing about it is beneficial to you if you're at a limpio level cool you're making. Shit on a money if you're winning the Olympia. But again, how long are you going to be mr. Olympia for? And there's guys on stage at the Olympia that have no contracts. They're there on their own dime. Yeah. Yep. You know. What you mentioned obviously Darren Oliver. You know coaching you when you start a body building who else have been your main and. You know, you have been your main influences to how you. You know, think and train and you know, even your mental approach on a day to day. Like is there someone out of body building who's a mental influence on you or. You know, are you watching Gary V. videos all day long? You know, like, who do you who do you like? Like who do you kind of get credit to help and you. Uh. I don't know. I mean, I draw inspiration from a lot of different people. I draw a lot of inspiration from people like in my personal life who I'm. We're successful and like successful business man owned like their entrepreneurs or their. Guys who own different restaurants or. Prindolph and different businesses like see their work ethic and I. I kind of like. Understand what it takes. So I try and kind of emulate that in my own life. So it's not really like I'm not looking at. There's no one like that I could name that you guys. Oh, this guy. It's just people around me. I'm blessed to have really good people around me that I. I have a lot of love and respect for and they teach me a lot and show me. Like how to be and just kind of molded me and I've always been strong. I did myself so if I get something in my head and. I just that's what it is. No one's really convinced me otherwise. So. What about. I got a bunch of questions about what's Mike's first tattoo and what's his newest tattoo. My first one was my first one was stupid swirl. It was in the middle here. That wall tattoo shop. And the last one I got I think was. There's the skulls on my head like the background. Around the doubles goals on his skull. Scales on the skull. Weird. When did you started decide you were going to like really go with the tats. What you know how much of a brand new. Between tattoo one and tattoo 100. I knew I was going to be covered eventually. It was just a matter of income. It is an expensive little hobby. For a more covered. I get it like in my mind. Oh, look at me. I'm making money now. I can actually afford this. It's a flex. That's a flex. That is funny. Instead of buying a fancy watch. Just get more tats. Let's fuck that. It's. And it's valid. It's not going to keep you warm at night. What mode I got to do? I got these forever. Yeah. What mode of A2? On a day to day basis. What mode of A2? I just I want to be like. I want to be able to take care of the people that I love. I want to be able to provide for my girlfriend. I want to be able to provide for my mom. I want to just be able to like live a good life. And hopefully, on 100 dogs one day in a beautiful home and out in the country, be far in a fuck away from everybody. That's about it. I mean, I don't have like these grand delu- I don't want this. I want that. It's just like just be happy and be able to like take care of the people I love and not struggle. You know what I mean? And help people along the way. It's a pretty basic. I don't know what I mean. I think it's a pretty basic. I mean, dogs you have now. Four. There you go. Okay. What are the words? It's just dogs. I have a bully, so like a pitbull. And then I have a French Bulldog, a pomeranian. And my, uh, I have a big house. So my mom lives on the main floor of our house. She lives on the ground level. She has her own. Every area in stuff she has a puggle. So we have four dogs in her house. Nice. So it's a packed place. Fucking zoo in there. They got it. They got it's like spread out nicely. So you don't feel like there's just dogs everywhere. But the pomeranian runs the house and the other two just sleep all day. Tell us about your t-shirt launch that you just did. I see you're wearing one of them. Yeah, yeah, I went well. I just, I ended it today. I think we sold, uh, it was like almost 1,300 t-shirts. Nice. It was pretty good. Yeah. It was like a third drop. So it's just fun. I mean, I enjoy, I enjoy designing stuff and I design. I don't design all the t-shirts. They're all my ideas and I get people that are far more talented than me to bring them to life. Because I, I mean, useless when it comes to that. But I'll be like, I want this and like this. Like, and these guys, these people, I know who I hire. People that I know like, a Laura, they just kind of make it come to life. And then they think I'm nuts because I say these things are like, they'll say, I mean, things that I'm like, that's not it, man. I'm like, I could go with dude. I'm not in your mind. Like, fucking be a little more elaborate about what you need here. But I'm like, no, I'll put the put this here and there. Then this and that and it's kind of like this poster like this shirt. And like, so it's a fun process. I actually have a lot of fun to learn. I'm like, I look, I have our designs ready to go for like probably two more drops. If I wanted. What's the bubble over? What's this shirt about? Which one are you? What's the back say? Oh, that's good. The back is like, yeah, it's like, I don't know if you can see it. It's like people in the game. Oh, it's awesome. Oh, yeah. So it's like, so who's the scientist guy? So who's in the lineup? There's a scientist and like a bro and like, yeah, there's like the fucking scientist guy, the fucking power lifter, the selfie chick. And there's a fucking, I don't know what the other ones are. I figured they were, I wanted to look at it. That's great. I'm really open to these shirts. Yeah. Yeah. I'll send you guys some. That's sweet. Yeah, that's the shirt for me because I love that movie. That's fucking awesome. Yeah, yeah. I was watching that one day and I was like, this is going to be a good shirt. I have to actually go guys. I'm late train. I'm late to train a client. Yeah, I'm just, we got to let you go. We only ask for an hour and you gave us an hour or 15. So we really appreciate your time buddy. And, you know, how can people reach it? Just give them the real quick basics here. Just reach out to me on Instagram. Let's see, let's go. Let's see. He's going to play probably. Okay. I'm sure they're here. I'm sure they're doing all you have links in the description, guys. Yeah. I'm like, does change it? I'm happy to see the dusty film better. I was following along when you were going through all that metal drum. Oh, sure. That shit that happened to you, man. No, it's really awesome. I'm happy that you're feeling better and bigger than ever. Figure that all business. Appreciate you. There's a pleasure, guys. Thanks very much, Mike. Thank you, man. But there you go. Mike Van Wick. That's fun. He's busy as shit out there appear. He's a real good guy. I remember competing against him. And like I said, it was a real tight battle with us. He beat me that year and took home the pro card. I remember just thinking, fuck, that back double by set. He just had those real thick lower lats that came out of his hips. You know? And I thought, man, that guy looks like he's been like deadlifting or doing something football. You know, because I knew he came out of like he was like a lionman, you know? And um, just a big dude. He's like my height. He might even be a little taller than me. Like he might be another inch taller. He's a really big guy. Like, you know, when a guy that side shows up in shape or like, oh, fuck, he's big. Like, yeah. Takes up a lot of space. So, and of course, when I knew him, I think he only had like one arm tattooed. You know? And then I remember I saw him in the gym and he had like he was covered in tats. And his joke was he's like, yeah, I had to do something to make sure I didn't do something dumb and get on stage again. That. Dennis James did says the same thing. That's why he got his both his arms done. And his pack is like the kept me retired. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Well, we want to remind everybody like, share, subscribe, comment, and and ring the bell. And ask questions in your comment for the next episode. Yes, for the next episode. Okay. Thanks everybody and remember it's just bodybuilding.