Mike was not someone you wanted to really mess with. Okay. Okay. Mike knew how to throw him. Like he knew what he was doing. Yeah, yeah. He goes, wait a minute. You guys it's not like when you turn pro you can just get anything you want. We could the same stuff you guys get. He's like you take what you can get. He's like for the USA's all I could get was this and this. And that's what I use and use this much of it and this much of it. And then when I did the Olympia, all I could get was this and you know and then you told us, I remember he said, all it takes is one guy at Vanis to get busted and everybody screwed for like three months. Everybody welcome to it's just bodybuilding. I'm your host Bigron part low and of course I got dusty handshaw and the producer Scott McNally like share subscribe comment and yes and remember I'm eating.com get your ice of surge get your all in and everyone should get on the gear. You got your big greens in your mind FK2 get in there 20% off dusty and big ronor your codes. Okay. So what do we got today? We got Mike Madarazo. Yes. Those 90s legend from Boston. And this is from over at the Mr. Muscle YouTube page. He's got a bunch of these little documentaries if you guys want to check them out. The work has ever seen a giant on stage and in the hearts of everyone who followed his journey with monstrous arms and a presence who couldn't ignore, you won over the crowd without ever needing a single tide. But behind that big smile was a story packed with tough choices, painful lessons and power. I don't know his story. You're gonna meet man behind him up. Grab your free workout and come along because this ride goes way beyond body. The arms on him were crazy. I'm sorry. Raw humanity. Mike Madarazo was born on November 8th, 1965 in Boston, Massachusetts. As a boss to grew up in a working class neighborhood where opportunities were rare and everyday life was tough. From a young age, get a learn how to be strong. Not just physically but mentally too. He didn't come from money and didn't have anything hand-a-damned. He was just a regular kid trying to find his place in the world. Inspired by movies like. Raw man, he was really into boxing. He was he. He connected with the grit, the grind, and then never give up attitudes. I'm gonna jump forward a little bit here. Long for his time. We'll be getting his don't mean small dreams. Mike was not someone passionate persistence in the guts to change. You wanted to really mess with. Okay. Okay. Mike knew how to throw him. Like to knew what he was doing. Yeah. Yeah. This was we known as the Mecca of Bodybuilding. Home of the legendary Gold Gym were all the icons train. There he dove headfirst into the pro circuit. In no time he was surrounded by champions, photographers, top magazines, and life-changing opportunities. This is a big for a kid from Boston monster. He was like great. That means we're drained. That same year, Mike made his debut at Mr. Olympia, the biggest bodybuilding stage in the world. Just being up there among the giants was already a huge deal. He placed 16th, but his presence made waves. Can't remember what year he turned pro. But because of the energy he probably probably missed a lot of times. It's not like the power of the power. It's just for the power and same developed. Two muscle groups that would become his trademarks in the years to come. Arms and cat. What's it like apart from other athletes? Was his Rob power combined? Yeah. Those arms are incredible, man. He wasn't the most symmetrical or the most aesthetic, but man, he was unforgettable when he walked on stage. 91. 91. You guys said it's just over 22 inches around 56 centimeters. And his calves were so massive. They looked like they were carved out of stone. His calves were incredible. And his standard when it came to those muscle groups. Yeah. You think there's a specific muscle group that defines a bodybuilder's presence between 1991 and 2001. Bill's arm is completed in seven Mr. Olympia Contests. That alone shows how respected and consistent he was. Even without hitting the podium, he stayed competitive for a solid decade. Something very few managed to do. His best place in came in 1998 when he ranked nine. A huge accomplishment considering how insanely stacked the lineup was that year. That was the peak of his career. Being in the top 10 in any global sport is something to be proud of when you agree. During his journey, Mike got a tempting offer to join the WBF World Bodybuilding Federation. New Lee created by Vince McMahon. Yes. And Guy behind WWE. The organization promised high salaries and a more showbiz approach to bodybuilding. Moderatoz was offered $100,000 a year double what he was making at the time. It's a pretty sturdy bet. He chose to stick with the IFBB. Okay. Where he saw more tradition and real respect for sport. That decision showed Mike was in it for more than just fame. You wanted to grow within the traditional circuit to prove himself against the best. No shortcuts. No flashy contracts. That move made his image even stronger with fans. People saw him as a true warrior of the sport. Someone who couldn't be bought. It also earned him deeper respect within the bodybuilding community. Yeah, that was a big deal. What the time. Do you remember that consistency? You remember people talking about that run? And his connection with the crack. Yeah. Vince McMahon trying to post everybody and take them over to what happened down a little quick. Yeah. The guys that jumped ship were like, oh well, let's see how this goes. But they're screwed. This doesn't work out. They're never coming back. You know what I mean? Like, all went over there. Aaron Baker was one of the big ones who was like really good. And you know, like a bunch of older guys that were kind of like Mike Quinn. Okay. And Tony Pearson and Jim Quinn. Oh, Jim Quinn went too. Yeah. And yeah, there was just there was a bunch of guys that went over. You can brave enough to try them. Of course. Yeah. Yeah. Stream gains made him ignore a lot of important. A huge arms. Erients athletes warned him. Yeah. Training with bad form will record body. But Mike didn't care. He'd rather lift the heaviest weight possible even if his technique suffered. And for a while, that actually worked. His arms blew up. His calves became legendary and the gains kept coming. But in the long run, that kind of approach always takes it to a really foreshadow heavy training. Mike also used substances that are common in pro bodybuilding in a ballic steroids, growth hormone, and diuretics became part of his routine. Years later, he openly admitted these played a major role in the health issues he faced at first. Everything seemed under control. But the constant use mixed with brutal workouts and a poorly planned diet slowly started wearing his body down. If you'd add a heart attack, I think. In 1990, while prepping for the Arnold classic. Oh, yeah. It was diet. I'm sure it would look like overloaded on diuretics and potassium. Stuff that helps you dry out. What can be super dangerous if abused on the day of the contest, his body gave out. It's a veer cramps on stage, lost partial vision. Oh, God. And how to be rushed to the hospital. It was a wake-up call. Something was serious. And they were all using loop diuretics as a journey to go. Yeah. Until then, Mike thought he could handle anything. But right there, he realized he wasn't invincible. Those harmless diuretics nearly killed him. And a worst part, he wasn't alone. Lots of athletes were risking their health. Yeah. There was a bunch of guys that period of time. Mohamed Beniz. He's ahead died from diuretics and stuff. He's got something to change. Yeah. He wanted to keep competing without the show. We just had the months of video. He'd be getting clean up because of diet. Monitor his supplement use and pay more attention to how his body was responding. It was the start of a much-needed shift. But even with the changes, some damage was already done. It was about entertaining. It had to be a lot on here in the show. It did one more Mr. Olympia. But this time, the result was disappointed. 21st place. For most, that would just be a bad year. But for Mike, it was a sign. Maybe his body was asking for a break. Sometimes the hardest fight isn't pushing forward. I didn't realize he went all the way to 01. I remember that. The tiring wasn't an easy decision. But Mike knew that keeping up with the grind could come at a serious cost to his health after he did top. He decided to turn the page away from cameras and bright lights. He went searching for a fresh start. He moved to Modesto, a quiet town in California, a total shift from the buzz of Venice Beach. There, he found a comor, more grounded pace of life. Far from the spotlight. Mike took on a regular job working as a bail-bond. A simple stable gig. It was like going back to his working classrooms. Deep down, he'd always been a regular guy, even with all the fame. So what does your sales bonds mean good to like arrest you if you don't? Is outside of things. So accepting your new reality isn't always you. I wouldn't want to face like Mike. Or does it does a bail-bond's been come to take their house? You should put your house up for someone and they skip. You just say he was a caveman and barely touched a computer. That helped him keep his peace of mind. He didn't care what people were saying about him online. He lived in the real world. He spent his time focusing on his health and reconnecting with what truly mattered. Nowadays, that might seem like a radical move. Yeah, Mike had a few good years there where he looked pretty damn good. I mean, USA is when he was young. He won the USA. He looked incredible. Yeah, you know what I mean? But even far from the stage and living a quieter life, Mike couldn't escape. I can't remember what Yuri died. Dream. I think we'll find out here. In December 2004, his health took a serious hit. He was diagnosed with heart failure and had to undergo emergency surgery. A triple bypass. It was a dream. It was a real sad. But it was the only way to restore blood flow through his blocked arteries. At the time of the surgery, Mike was only 38 years old. For someone who'd spent his life building strength lying on an operating table at that age was a harsh wake-up call. Still, he kept his humor and faith believing it was just a bump in the road. So I think he died of a heart attack in 2014. Okay. The issue wasn't insurance. Get regular checkups. Don't wait for the problem. Yeah, he was all clogged up. Eight of someone who had learned the hardest way possible. Skipping tests, ignoring cholesterol, and living in extremes had cost him way too much. He shared that during his competitive years. His diet was totally unbalanced. He'd eaten to 15 pounds of red meat a day. With no fruits or a dead. He even avoided fruit. I'd have to add up a little bit. I'd be a little exaggerated. Yeah, biggest issue wasn't the food. It was the chemicals. To him, the real enemy was invisible in silence. I feel like people are allowing that around. It's really interesting. Mike's no scoundrel. He might just go around more about my ability to go, you know, and how if his words were wrong on us. He wasn't trying to watch the sport. But people literally just try to warn those just getting started. He said he would have rather lived like his grandfather. So I met Mike a couple of times. No kidding. Yeah. Yeah. And he was funny, man. He had a guess posing an Edmonton that we drove down for. I was like, we had to drive like five hours to go see him at one of the supplement stores had him in the mall. Yeah. And he went and did a seminar. They rented like the movie theater for the seminar. So like, you know, he just didn't have a movie screen was behind him, but we were just sitting in like the movie theater and he had like the little stage there. Yeah. And he just had this like really informal seminar. We sat and he answered he talked for a while. It was really good. And then when the seminar was kind of over, he said, okay. So you know, all questions you guys fire away. So people start asking questions, you know, and there's questions coming. And after a few minutes, you know, and at this point, we're all like, I think I was like 20 years old or something at the time. Yeah. So we're all sitting there. We all kind of got some, you know, we want to ask him the good questions, right? Because this is way back before like, you don't get to talk to anyone about this stuff. Yeah. Right. And then, you know, there's a couple bunch of us monkeys kind of looking at each other and then finding my goes, okay. I know there's some of you here that we really want to ask me like real questions. So feel free like, okay. Yeah. And so everyone kind of looks at each other. And then the hands just shoot up like 10 hands go up. And the first question was like, you know, how much test you take or something like that. Yeah. Yeah. And he and he just got into it. You could tell he was just waiting for the gear questions. Because he was shopping. And as soon as someone said, like, how much test you take, he's like, well, you know, blah, blah, blah, and he's started talking and then everyone's like, oh my God, he's actually telling us. And then so the hands just like don't stop everyone's like, you know, how much out of our do you or, you know, and he's like, yeah. And it was funny because some of his answers were like, in hindsight now they're funny because someone asked him like, what he, you know, this and that and he's like, he goes, wait a minute, you guys, it's not like when you turn pro, you can just get anything you want. We get the same stuff you guys get. He's like, you take what you can get. He's like, for the USA is all I could get was this and this. And that's what I use and use this much of it and this much of it. And then when I did the Olympia, all I could get was this and, you know, and then he told us, I remember he said, all it takes is one guy at Venice to get busted and everybody's screwed for like three months. He's like, you know what I mean? Not like certain items. Like the guy who gets the G. H. Right. Something happens to him. And like there was like 50 pros at Golds. I was like, fuck. Yeah. And so he just said, like, you know, if you ever wonder why one year at the O, when he guy looks really great in the next year at the O, he doesn't look as good. He's like, he's like, it's not all the same every year. It's not like, so it's just funny. And then I remember he, he had a sweatpants pulled up over his calves a whole time. Okay. Because his calves were so crazy that everyone just wanted to. So I remember someone said, show us your calves and he's like, everyone wants to do the calves who just pulled his sweatpants up and he left them up the whole seminar. And then he goes, well, you guys probably want to see some shots say and everyone's like, yeah, so he, he peels down like he's not really gasposing, but he just peeled down like he just dropped his pants down and hit like a few shots and and he was like offseason, right? And he had this NPC tank top on underneath and it was like cut off. Yeah. And, um, and I remember I just jokingly was like, oh, by that tank top off, yeah, you know, like have my grand arousal tank top, you know, like, just be cool for like back to air something. Yeah. And you know, like, because some guys collect like jerseys and stuff, so anything was a big deal. I was just like, I just jokingly kind of said, like, you know, there's, you can't collect a jersey for bodybuilding, you know? Right. Yeah. I was like, oh, I have that tank, I got by that tank top off. He only goes, no, man, he goes, hey, if I give you this tank top, will you, will you wash it and where we're, will you train in it? Yeah. And I go, yeah, and he goes have it and he just threw it to your kidding me. No, so he just threw me his tank top and then I caught it and I realized it was soaked. He's even like sweating the whole seminar. He's like sitting there sweating at this sweatshirt on. Yeah. So when he peeled the tank top on and said to put it back on me through it to me and everyone's like, oh, and like caught it and I realized it was soaked. I just kind of stared at him like, well, you can wash it. I'm gonna wash it. Yeah. So I can't remember what I did, but I kept it and I washed it and it was like I used to wear it under my boat neck shirts. Yeah. So I have the yellow, the yellow NPC tank top on with the boat neck shirt over top and every, but the only problem was it wasn't, I couldn't just wear it as a tank top because Mike used to crop all his tank tops. Yeah. So it was cut way too short. So it only, it was, it was only for under the boat neck. Okay. You know what I mean? Yeah. So, but it was just so crazy. It was just so funny. And then that would have been like 92. Okay. So then fast forward to 96. My first time at Gold's Venice. Yeah. And I'm in the gym and I look up so this is like four years later. Right? Yeah. I look way up where the bikes are and Mike's up on one of the bikes. Okay. And I go, oh Mike might arasms here. And I was like, I'm gonna go up and like, say hi and just like bug them afterwards, right? Because he's on the bike for all. And I was doing my sets of strain and I kept looking up and I'm like, I still up there. Okay. He's not going anywhere. And I, you know, I'll finish doing, but he was doing back and I finished doing back and then I went up the stairs and as I came up where the bikes are, he like turned and looked right at me. He goes, hey, how you doing? Like I'm walking towards him and I go, good. And he goes, you're the kid from Canada. You're kidding me. And I go, yeah, Ron and I like kind of stood sideways and shook his hand because he was still in the bike. Yeah. And he goes, I gave you my tank top. He still have it. Damn, he really got this. Yeah. And I go, yeah. I go, I didn't think you'd remember. He goes, I remember everybody. Oh, dude, that's cool. And he goes, yeah, yeah, yeah. And then he just started talking, I mean, you think what you're doing down here? You come down to get discovered? And I was like, no, just on a holiday, like just to kid on a holiday, you know? Yeah. He's like, yeah, blah blah blah. And then I remember he said something like, don't make too many friends around here. There's place to each up. But like, they could bust an accent. He's like, yeah, he's placed in each up. He was just funny. And he was like, such a nice guy and personable and totally remembered me and he was like, yeah, I think he's behind that he had. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, there's been a few people that really impressed me with like, you know, he was like a good dude, real good dude, you know? That's cool. And I heard some great stories about him like he was a real boxer. He boxed like for years and years. He came from like a family of boxing, I think. Okay. And I just heard like you didn't like cross a line like there is a line. And it's totally reasonable line. But if you cross it, Mike, my arousal punch in the face. And there's a few people that told me stories about Mike, like sometimes people at Golds, I mean, you get some crazy people in there that don't didn't know their boundaries back then. Yeah. Yeah. It's good. It learned them. Oh, yeah, you learned a quick mic around. And he was a big dude like, you know, as like, you know, you say 510 to 50 or whatever. But like he had like big midsman. And you looked at it when you talked to him, his neck, you were like, God damn, how hard would you have to punch this guy in the head? Because the neck is just so big. I give no, like the neck, you just be like, I would not want to ever be in a problem with this guy. Yeah. I got a little training footage of him. This is a short little clip. Some arm work out, stuff from 93 here. It's classic, you know. I'm going to the training. Training with this gun. I'm. Kind of a plan, a little kind right now. I'm just a little stretching out of your mind. I can't do nothing. Is it a good fun? I don't do it. What an accent. You don't want to see where. Look, you want to see where. Don't you? Yeah. You can tell he's a character. Just from here. He's a little character. Yeah. So this is the arrow and you were there, Ron. Yeah, man. This is right around that's that mirror. That's the famous mirror back then. Yeah. That's the stairway and that's the cardio up top there is where he was. Okay. I got top above that gold sign there. Yep. Yeah. The non pumped look. Yeah. What year did you say you were there? 96. 96. Okay. So few. Yeah. Three years later. But the gym was pretty much the same. Yeah. Had to be a same cruise. Some more of the exaggerated measurements. I'm a little. That's 21. I'm 20. I'm bigger now. Look at that valetio belt. The zebra stripe valetio. Aw. I didn't get one of those now. Yeah. Hey, what if they still have the zebra stripe? I feel like they should order an old valetio. Yeah. Training arms. Old VHS TV. That's amazing. Yeah, it's a shame, man. Like I said, I didn't know a lot of his story. And I knew he had an untimely passing, but I feel like we know better now, you know. Then I guess the guys did back then. We should die at Reddix. Yeah. And your right Scott that early 90s is when like like, I mean, obviously, they've been around for a long time. People have been using them for decades. But that early 90s, everyone was going hard on the loops. Yeah. Like real hard. But it also, the like, I mean, yeah, there were some terrible stuff. But like guys, well, that was the problem was the loops. The loop dioratics were such a hit and mess that you'd get someone who would look incredible. Yeah. And then the next guy would do it. Need just whole year were going to shit. Yeah. Like my whole lady is not you. Yeah, I mean, you ever go. What? That water jug. That's very difficult to drink. I like. Yeah. Yeah. She was the company president that would be 300 pounds. Ranging very big. What's up, David? We're going to have a drink. I'm going to skip forward a little bit. Oh, there's not a lot to do this. That's a string tank. Or didn't tank that was ever gets any more of a string. It would just not be there. You're just not wearing a shirt. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You guys here's a here's a question. Have you guys ever gone to the grocery store in that level of tank top? One time, one time after training. And then I never did it again. That that string of a stringer. Not like that. No. I never were stringing quite like that. But it's closest I had ever gotten, you know, and I just is not my not my style. Not my favorite. I think that's the earlier like when you're smaller. Yeah. I went out and wear stuff like that. Like when you get routine for a time where that. And then when I got really big it became largely shirts, you know. Yeah. Yeah. I think yeah. I might have gone to the grocery store in a tank top just a couple times when I was like really, really close to a show younger. Yeah. You know, just kidding. You don't want to do that. No, and then he realized it's a hassle. Yeah. I remember doing my tan on Friday. I was going to take a round. There's 200. I'm in a pile. And I stress the tape. So I always play free. That's the day I said I was well done. But I think that might be my pain. For a guy in my height. The 23 inch arm. God. Yeah. He's wild out. Clean walls were at Venice back then. Yeah. Yeah. I just seem so bare compared to what you used to now. That's the bicepinator. That's what I use. I love that. Yeah. Brains got in that in his garage. Mike. He was popular. He always had a lot of fans lined up to meet him and he's one of the summer. So like I said, the mess. Me right now was already there. So I told him to jump now. He's doing stuff for show. You know, classic. And I basically try to go and go and go and go and go and go and go. So Mike is a guy. This is I can't help but think this. He wouldn't have made much money from bodybuilding. He might have had a weater contract for a while. You know, he was a magazine guy. So he might have been paid for a while. And but but he would have been the type of guy that would have really benefited from what we have now with the film is in the Instagram because of the he had a personality and he was funny. Yeah, you could just in this little you know, the way he talks to the camera. He's like totally on board with the whole, you know, talking to the fans saying, you know, you guys want to see arms, right? You know, like some guys didn't make his name video to. Yeah, some guys didn't quite get that, you know, and Mike and you look now and you're like, he would have done pretty damn good now. Like he would have been able to make more money. He would have been more well known. He would have been able to get himself out there and talk to people. And yeah, you know, it's because this sake of all those guys that were really good, like the vicious competition even get a pro card back then. But then they get lost in that like I can compete with Flex Wheeler and Chris Quorumier and I'm not going to ever be those guys. So now I'm like 20th at the Olympia 16th at the Olympia. And the money is just it's hard, but nowadays Mike would have been far better off. Yeah, you've been for sure. You know, who wants to listen to him talk about arms, you know, like, he would have signed up. Yeah, he'd have his own like calf ebook, you know, I know. Yeah, yeah, he would have gone through all that whole phase of ebook phase or the ebooks. Yeah, they still do a man. Oh, no, I know. YouTube channel, you know. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I do my own calf ebook that gives me some ideas. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, no, I know. I know. Is it good? I'm a thought about Mike for a long time. Yeah, you know. It's cool. It's cool to learn a little bit more about it today too. I also stole a signature line from him. So there's there's two things I write on my photos. The one that I write the most is train like hell. And I stole that from Paul Dillett and he wrote that on a photo from he once. And and I still use it all time. But I also stole something from Mike. He wrote on a photo. He wrote sickness for thickness. And I wrote that on a whole bunch of photos sickness for thickness. And I was laugh a little bit when I write it on a picture. Because I know an else knows where that comes from. But I stole that. Mike wrote that on my picture. And I was like, I remember looking at it going. Oh, fuck yeah, sickness for thickness. And then now actually it's a little joke with dusty nights. What I write on the ladies' pictures. I write train like hell for the guys. And then if this is like a lady, I write sickness for thickness. She doesn't she doesn't know it's just for her. She does now. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, thanks to Mike. That's classic. You know, you got to take a little bit from where you come from and give it back to the world gentlemen. Roll it through. You know what I mean? Yeah, so thanks for that Scott. That was good. That was memory lane. You know, I said I learned a little bit too because I didn't know a lot about him. I knew his physique. But I and I knew it was untimely the he passed, but I didn't I didn't know much about his story or that personality, man. I want to see more of his stuff now. You know, yeah, yeah, he also knew like I remember at the seminar. He was telling some stories. Yeah, but we were all just jaws hanging open. He didn't give a fuck. He just let it all out there. That like he's like, yeah, you know, we used to go to this guy's house to get gear and he was like sketchy. And he's talking about guns laying everywhere and the guy also sold pot. So then you're like, oh, there's big and back then, you know, like we've a super legal right. Right. Especially in the States. He's like, yeah, so you got to sketchy dope heads coming over to get their weed, but then you want your gear. You're passing him in the hallway and you don't know who and he just told me how sketchy it was. I'm not coming over anymore. You got to come and meet me like, and he's trying to like get his gear dealer to like come and meet them and I mean, we're all just sitting there like, oh, and this story had a seminar. Yeah, the seminar. We're like, keep him coming. Yeah, yeah, yeah, then into people like, like, don't ask questions. So I ended up just sort of talking. Yeah, no. And he just didn't care. And then he told a story about some guy like trying to rip him off at a deal. So he like punched the guy out and like, he's just sitting there talking. Everyone's like, I can't believe this is happening. Yeah. You're expecting like, you know, while I do three sets, you know, and this is something with the store. The supplement store owner sitting right there. He's like exploding. He's like, look at it. The crowd. Like, is this okay? So that's a great time. It's pretty it's in, you know, in the morning. I take 10 grams. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But if you open your mouth like that, you're going to get shut up. Someone's going to shut you up. It's amazing. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No, it's like one of the greatest seminars I ever went to to be honest. That's what you know, how do they get better than that? Yeah. You know, tough to beat. Yeah. Okay, gentlemen. Remember, like, share, subscribe, comment, and bring them. That's right. Remember, I'm meeting them. Calm 20% off. Avoid people. Get your all in. Get your ISO surge. Get your mind. FK get your big greens. You need that one gram dose of spirulina. And everyone should get on the gear. Okay. Thanks, gentlemen. It's dusty. Codes. Yes. Yeah. We're on dusty. Use them. It's just body building. Reacts.