Those are knee raps either. Those are just like their strong sleeves like they're not wraps Yeah, the strong sleeves are pretty snug But yeah, but it ain't a wrap inside and closer to the same he is so Just the muscle is so dense and I know the back has changed a little bit But I mean everything else he looks like he's a fresh prop all this is I remember this Jesus dude. Oh, yeah, that's it. Is that the UK that's a British ground pre done when you're Regiment alone out there, but he that is so impressed with those legs Jesus How would he do today? Imagine him in like the you know we just saw the 2024 Yeah, imagine that like how would this answer do that Hey everybody welcome to it's just body building reacts We're back with another reaction I know you guys love these every time I talk to a listener they go when you do it another react and I'm like When we think about it. We don't care about your show. Just not three actions. Yeah, you know Take a bunch of the show So here we are Reacting we got some three items today. I believe we're gonna look at yeah Remember to like share subscribe comment and Bring the bell Yes, and remember I am mutant.com get your ice a surge get your all in and everyone should get on the gear Quit fighting it. You're gonna wind up on the gear eventually everyone knows Everyone You're already you are you know what nobody cares that you're not Because yeah, you're up here Yeah, yes So definitely and dusty and big wrong are your coats. Okay What it got first what are we looking at first Scott we had three things in the queue. I think should we go to that big squat for shouldn't we? That was a good one so yeah, let me just let me do it to be honest. This will probably be the first time I saw it Ron and Dusty send stuff and I just say oh, that was very nice guys You just keep playing on the internet. I got to get back to work. I'm working over here. Yeah, one of us has to work. That shows To us not so much. No, it's is pretty crazy. I only saw it in passing so yeah, let me bring this up here Me just second here. So this is you know I got to meet this guy at the Arnold for like five seconds We were wrapping up at the end of one of the days and Kyle Curvey He came just happened to be by the booth I shook his hand. I'm like oh man your huge I talked him for like 10 seconds I would have loved to have chatted with him for a lot longer I wish I would have got to photo with him but we just had to quick little hails ago on good to meet you blah blah blah And then I see this video come through my feed and he just does some crazy shit his I have to be pro 308 world record raw world record world strongest body builder his huge And he came came through my feed the other day. Let's just watch him squat. All right Kyle Curvey No music looks like the gyms of that gym. Yeah, there's not even a kid you see a kid with a mop. Oh, that was all the way down to Three now this is eight plates Bull Angry at these plates right now. Yeah, I Love hearing the metal yeah, there's a lot seven but seven plates Seven plates yeah look at those Very good No spotter seven plates in ten reps knows yeah back and out of a like and you know those racks It's not not a bodybuilder rack where you just crash down if everything goes wrong. Yeah. Yes That's crazy Yeah, I know he's very strong He does a lot of squatting but this this power with seven plates Yeah, 75 or 10 with no one around I wonder what he gets up to like if he's just also Cranking these out with like intensity I wonder if he's gonna want to go for like just a triple or something Those aren't knee wraps either those are just like their strong sleeves, but they're not wraps. Yeah, like the strong sleeves are pretty snug But yeah, but it ain't a rapid sign in close to the same Yeah, those are a man as yeah, that was a wrong He's at least as tall as me That's a long way down to he's a big guy. I just sent you another one. Let's look at this one. All right Oh, I don't know I'm ready. I love it. Yeah, no, no Scott Scott's a pro. You could we got this we got this Boom 800 pounds on a buffalo bar All right That's a lot of this okay eight hundred pounds look at the racks see the racks drop in Yeah, I like that look at that 800 pounds Wow There's a lot of no around yeah Like just because he's a crazy Crazy numbers like where does that where does that go like I Mean You know you got world world level power lifters you got strong men doing crazy squads like that yeah, I mean I mean he let's say bodybuilder. I mean he is a bodybuilder like he is a bodybuilder. Yeah, you know So that's why it's so mind boggling to me. I got to see his pictures. I'm gonna I need to go stock his Instagram here you guys can you guys can join me Cree many here. Yeah, yeah Yeah, I want to see what his physique looks like so oh come back Completed so now one of what he did there. Yeah, what did you do to hurt himself? Oh, yeah, okay, so it's never give up If you love everything no matter what okay a year and a half ago I broke my leg God not even able to walk determined to come back to cement myself is one of the strongest people in the world Oh, you done that wow That is the actual we wild he's strong as fuck like that's just You know there's I mean you can train for strength But then there's his certain people like yeah, yeah, you can't train to be like that That's just a mutant of every in every way. Yeah, I got questions. I got questions How strong was he in high school like I got questions and okay? No based on his base high school wasn't that long ago He looks like there is a falling said there there is a James in the middle of one of the Yeah idea So like you know he's leaning back a bit but he's taller than James by several inches. Yeah, he's big dude But that's but yeah, it is Let's look at a see if we could see any of the physiques. I just want to show like you know show some respect for The crazy shit going down in the gym There's some wheels that can lift some serious weight and I imagine this is after he broke his leg He's got those legs back, you know, yeah, yeah, man There's yeah, there's a little freak you know, this is a little more Physique stuff lower. Yeah, go lower. All right Well, I saw a video where I had no shirt on you look pretty lean over here This one I know little lower little lower. Okay, let's say you look kind of off season you there like he's gonna He's full blown. He's gonna lift some serious weights, you know Okay, I see we're getting we're getting back it like going back into the shreds here now There's a couple more coming all right You're going to be going okay, we're getting three plate lunges on the turf and stuff there is like a few That's you know what I mean, yeah, you know like he's got some muscle on a big guy Yeah, yeah, we're gonna try way over 300 pounds There's side chest Since I chest go up a couple What was that oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Dude yeah, yeah, so I mean, you know looks like a 500 pound bencher. Yeah, yeah Anyways, just wanted to give that dude some props because He seemed like a real nice guy when I met him and I see a shit and it's just kind of like oh god You know, I like the stuff where as many things as we've seen you still go oh Damn yeah, yeah, yeah, I'm I'm more impressed Scott with with a 675 for 10 and an 800 for one yeah, like that's just something obscene because even when you watch it back like the eighth rep was tough and he was like I got two more Right yeah grinding out the grinding the grinding with no spotter Yeah, I don't know if there's anyone's alive in the town based on that video Is that your home gym it's enormous why are you there alone? Yeah, yeah If you're the only guy in the world do you still squat seven plates? Do you still bother? Apparently he does yeah Yeah, yeah, occasionally you 800 okay Yeah, I got something I wanted to bring to the table here so I told you guys I was really impressed by Barnett and I thought he almost looked as good as he did at the Arnold will you sent us over on our our chat This comparison picture of Heim at the 2018 Arnold Classic to the 2025 to Trich pro and I'm like oh He might be better here He's what I'm saying Look at the glutes yeah He means so Just the muscle is so dense and And like and I know the back has changed a little bit, but I mean everything else he looks like he's a fresh pro Yeah, like yeah everything's awesome often Rounded just grand it hard Look at that. She wasn't another one. He's 42 Yeah He's 42 and so when we were I didn't tell you guys this on the regular program I mentioned it to Ian at the show So he he when he when he won and he got to take the mic for a minute He was like hey guys, you know it's like really good to be back He said you know I took some time away from bodybuilding. It's all about family and he really did a great job Like thanking his family. He's like I wouldn't be here if it wasn't for my wife watching our kids He's like I've got a 15 year old at home and He's like I've got a 15 year old at home and a seven year old at home and a three year old at home and A six month old at home of Victorian. I looked at each other and we're like he's not firing blanks at this size Nobody is Yeah, so that's the thing man. He's a genetic phenom. You know what I'm saying not only is he jacked, but he's He's in pregnant as a wife over and over again. Yeah, what we were on here Yeah, he's got the runny genetics Do that He looks good here man. It was cool to see him. I mean, I'm excited to see what he's gonna do next for three dude that did a cycle and became sterile There's an Olympia level dude this to guy 10 10 illegitimate kids the family five It is Yeah What it is For for genetics and drugs right you know, yes, it's like some guys take drugs and they become really good other people not so much Yeah, hey Victoria's told me like some of the most elite women that she has worked with like they don't lose their periods They're like they're still they're still at it Right, they do they're just like yeah, you know You know, maybe I lost it for a month that we're going into the show and then after that And you should have it the month of the oh yeah, and then I got pregnant three months later, you know Yeah, well hey remember lendemary yeah when she law I believe it was her last Olympia where she didn't win And then she found out after the Olympia that she was pregnant was that lendemary was it You know that yeah, I think it was I think it was I think it was I think it was Lenda it might have been another top woman pro but that was like a thing and I because I knew the person who who was helping her okay, she's like yeah, she didn't quite get in condition and then after the show It's not as she's pregnant She's Kids already fucking jam yeah, yeah, it's already cost some money. Yeah, right That's been there All right, so I can't remember which woman that was but My like that you'd named one so that we can get torn apart when you're wrong So that's always good. Yeah, it's okay. I'll figure it out We don't lead with not knowing we lead with a name and then say but it could be wrong. Yeah What's how it's done? That's how it's done Lenda is somewhere reacting to our idiocy This you could do a reaction video to this Yeah, yeah, never know. That was never know So we've got something else special from Instagram for you guys Because I don't know about you guys. I can't get enough of NASA Now I don't think that this is an actual like truly official NASA page But I think it's yeah, I think it's a fan page but it has 95,000 followers on it And it's got a lot of stuff so I thought like man, let's just see what NASA is all about here because he never failed. I'm not you don't I mean Oh, I love NASA so much I Can't hear anything You can you get it louder? I don't know if we can play the music so I'll just turn that off here. You got a little Nasser motivation video. See when blow that up. Oh, we can't hear oh See talking more Yeah, it's just music. I don't hear anything. Yeah, because there's nothing to hear. There's just there. Yeah, there's like background music too And just showing him oh Oh, he's doing behind the neck Crushing shit. Yeah, yeah, this is before we worried about Repson reserve. I'm pretty sure yeah, or the perfect form of hitting your muscle The I will say that seeing him alone does not do justice to how massive he was I can get you stand Well is when you're like oh Okay Oh, I miss the selection of trained You missed what the workbook weren't the gym Well, yeah Nasty That's really nice. So that was a great That's a fan page you're on yeah, well, that's when he went Arnold. Yeah In versus Dorian. Yeah The waistline there. Yeah, yeah, he was awesome man. He was incredible I used to just love listening to him talking his videos because it was so like It was just it was funny because of how absolute he would talk about things Yeah Like I With him oh, yeah, you know, we were he's the best I don't know what talk about No, it's a stupid one. I'll ask me these stupid questions. Yeah, I do not so stupid question George Yeah, amazing This is great. This is great footage. They put together here So it's like just some fan video. Yeah, yeah, I think so. There's more That's right. It's talking about the lot. Yeah, yeah, and that you that he's a pie up post workout Yeah These are the best Easily one of my favorites back in the day yeah He's incredible. I see what else is page it's more and one whoever anyone who ever got to talk to nasser You know The way he would look at you through the glasses. Oh, we talk great did that show with him Mealosh and we're where where is this one? I want that right there No, down okay Not that one. I don't care about that One oh my god, that's me. Oh wait. That's me, los Yes, I don't even recognize him. I swear to God. I feel like that's what I've got in his head He's got some rasta breeds in those bears that matter he's a pass Those are Serb Deathfly has nothing we'd I think he's like holding it right there that's a ball in the sand Yeah, that's funny That's amazing Amazing oh I like this one. I'm here. It's a classic outfit right there. You know what I'm saying? That's a real NASA That was pre-judging. That's yeah, he's got the leather he's got the brown leather belt bag Which was kind of like the dread that's like the dress set belt bag. That's going out. Okay The nice brown leather one You got the tall socks But push down tall socks, but push down we haven't like we're getting back to the tall socks But we haven't gotten to the push them down thing yet. You know, yeah, right? I'll be the next stage Yeah, who's this over here? Look at that. Who's this guy? You got your NASA head on and everything You had the same looks run. He's where the same pack Oh, yeah, sees it same pack on yeah, that was that gold's gym I put that on my page and I this page much must have reshared it. Okay, you comment him right there. I can see it Oh, yeah, that's an after the 2020 at gold's gym. No, no 2000 2000. Oh 2000. Yeah, that makes more sense Yeah, she's sick. Wait a minute But doesn't math out no so I'm 20 I'm 24 there. I'm 24 there. Wow. So Joll 25 maybe yeah, I was getting ready for show But I had a friend who gave me that hat because he was friends with NASA yeah And so he gave me that hat and I had it for a while and I never wore it because it was yellow And I don't know where yellow hats, but I just had it and then when I found out NASA was gonna be at the gym I wore it to the gym that day and then I had him sign it nice that's almost and when he saw it he was like Oh, where did you get that hat? I told him who gave it to me and he was like oh, okay, he gave him like multiple hats. He's like oh, okay So it's kind of funny because like he's like I didn't make that many of those. I know who has them. No kidding. Oh, yeah Yeah, it's cool. So it's awesome. Good times. I like the You got the towel on your shoulders look to right there. That's a good. Yeah, the old gold's gym towel. Yeah, that's good one. Yeah What's this NASA in a fish? NASA got a fish here. Good old days. You got a bear NASA got a fish I get all of my food from the sea This is my meal It's my life every day. This look here now. So good. Wow. Yeah, damn suspenders on the gym shorts with the gloves You obviously admit mid workout Nothing makes it so you can wear that to the gym because he's covered, you know, yeah Yeah, he's a good to have no net to rule for no net rule. Yeah, the 90s even the freezing Yep, 2020 yeah The gloves man Damn Damn and then he always had the like the look at him in a suit was just something else Yeah, you know I'm sure the whip. Yeah, I train very hard for this competition and I be I really big and full and We see who is the the Olympia. Yeah, I feel like I can be Marcus's flat top in that picture Oh, yeah, you can't it's got to be Marcus. There's no it's not Marcus Let's see only person that could be that's possible. Yep. Yeah, that is quite a sick Is it great pay it? Just go see yeah, this is best the interview right there Yeah, with always where is it? Oh, is the interview? Oh, yes, this is the best got the volume up here. Turn up Oh, they have it He said he's who you look up in the sport. He's like I don't admire anyone. Yeah, they cut it they clipped it out for this Oh, no way. Yeah That look right there. He looks like a cartoon character of a mob movie or so or you know mob cartoon He'd be great in a mob movie. Oh, yeah, oh, yeah fantastic See what else we got here. You know, he need a good bathroom fight with him versus a main character Oh, look at here he is with Dave Oh, man I Was at the black fan he always had the fan you pack you kept the drugs close. I mean here the wall it that's a mirror No, no, I saw the mustache in the thumbnail. He don't have a sand. I was like oh, that's yeah I've got to be some ear Very wrong sometimes Very proud of that mustache still though nice workshop whoever you are yeah Well, there's him in Chad look at him in Chad. Oh, yeah. Oh, oh, that's amazing The chad of the fan he packs on yeah, oh wow that's like god in 1998 96 97 yeah 98 round there. That's a good one that's believable Yeah, we need more horrific bodybuilding fashion again We're gonna stop doing what the rest of the world does they're working on it. I'm telling you every time I've had any The younger guys come over to train with me. They're all wearing pants like they're wearing nearly pyjama pants to train in so we're on the right Guys yeah Or super short shorts. Yeah, one of the two One of the two Yeah, you would know the thing It is one of my favorite fashion one of my favorite fashion things just because it's kind of like oh We're going out of our way to do that because I you know I'm I'm older I've seen all whole bunch of fashion stuff that we just went out of our way to do yeah, but it's the the girls wearing the tights With the oversized shirt, but then they tuck the back of the shirt into their bra Okay, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, and I'm like I get it I understand but we appreciate it looks like yeah, but to me it look like your shirt Accidentally got caught under your bra and you haven't noticed yet. Oh, yeah I mean like someone accidentally has toilet papers stuck in their pants Like yeah, I just want to go up and pull it out and let it fall down Say you got you girl like yeah, but of course I just leave them alone because I don't want to we you know Yeah, be really weird if you did you know you don't why are you talking to me touch the members yeah, I don't touch the members Yeah, don't touch the members Ron Do you guys remember this? I was telling me yeah You guys remember the roll you were just messing up roll the sleeves up thing. Oh, look It was absolutely yeah It was good oversized with the roll. Yeah, these are great. This is great This guy's gonna get a bunch of followers. That's a great page already has more followers than our channel does So maybe he should share our stuff. You know what I'm saying? He's a yeah Yeah, look at that. Who's this over here? I'm a Paul him and Paul. Let's get shot Oh, that's that's definitely from an NPC catalog. Oh, it's looks like it it It definitely is yeah, you know like a photo shoot. They're doing an NPC photo shoot. Yeah, you can see the grain it was like a picture of the magazine itself I think yeah, yes Fantastic got some classic. He's a fantastic Yeah, this one his pictures have never seen Yeah, Ronnie, but him and Ronnie Would that be a nice Crazy Oh, he's shredded glutes Got any good We need a denim shirt. Oh, no, what I thought I'd do and I thought about you know I think the only guy that we're a denim shirt would be Evan I think Evan could definitely do it. I'm sure I feel like if he hasn't even sent Ronnie Yeah, he might he probably has a denim shirt. I think a debit Evan has a denim shirt in his closet You put it on before you forgotten your John deer, you know, I'm in You know some guys can pull it denim shirt. Some guys can throw a denim shirt on and you see them in it and you're like I believe you Yeah, you don't say anything. We're fine. You want to denim shirt on? We would give you crap for the whole hour. You know that right Right, you're like you don't know how to fix a carburetor Yeah, you can't hang anything on a wall. You can't find a wall stud You can't do a knock on any kind or even even while hey pair it paired with the gloves You've got a landscaper Yeah Right, which is put the gloves on that you got you got a guy running a landscaping company. He's an entrepreneur at that point Yeah, you know You look mad and I'm sure the crash out. Yeah Just freaking out cold. I never looked like that during naps Yeah I still think from the front he was Unbeatable of that oh yeah, well that that that pose Nobody be some of that pose on that day. That's crazy Yeah, that's where he's built He's never been in this show. All the years yeah You know the ridiculous arms on him and everything. Yeah Oh, he was a So when did he first first turn pro like 93 94. I think he turned pro Okay, and then his last good show. I think was like 2,000 Around there was kind of when he kind of was like the end of his end of his good running So he went hard man. He was only pro for like seven years really six seven years Seven years like that freaking dude, you know like that's oh that's a lot of freaking muscle right there Oh, man and he is to He was one of those guys like he was almost always ran her pounds and yeah Like you can three weeks out from his show and he'd almost be three in her pounds and you'd be like Don't you have to get your weight down? He's like I've not of water on me. I'll just pull just pull the water Yeah, like he was one of those guys like really you know that's how he did things and he stayed heavy He never got light You know how about that throwback shot right there Scott right there which one yeah Oh, that one right no no the kid Yeah, wow 85 that's like the Nick Walker you're like the Nick Walker set up. Yes. Yeah. It really is This is where you know it's in you like all the things are there, but you just still can't believe it He got that big he loved the same style of glasses back then too You know what's that? Yeah, it's like the exact same slow Same glasses. Yeah, they just look smart because we got bigger. I mean he looked great here too You know not quite as big this is crazy. Yeah, that's really beautiful. That's earlier when he yeah, it's beautiful physique Yeah, but would we remember him today? You know what I mean if that's you know the buddy became I'll remember the massive NASA Remember the guy it looked like this Right Doing that and of course we remember this this is NASA Yes, we would NASA is this might be one of the first things I showed you it might look like this is possible that depends on the day. Yeah, yeah, yeah, that's When your arms look big doing extensions yeah This guy's got some great channel here great great Instagram Yeah, ages knots Well, we got there we got the shirt back with the weed with Joe With that no the damn shirt. Yeah, yeah Well, it can also be a dress shirt Yeah, lots of sleeveless one. That's a sleeveless one. That's a casual denim. Oh, yeah, the short sleeve. Yeah, yeah Were there friends you could ton it down for that meeting Where that to like a flick where that to like a football game or something like that you ton it down. Yeah, yeah, oh Holy buff These are bananas. I'm not gonna go scroll this page after this man Oh, oh size oh When with this bin you guys when do you think this is? Ah, that's probably one of those grown pre-shows You know if you look at the funny background Yeah, probably like you know, they used to do like a dozen shows after the Olympia and a Europe and they just like compete every night for like two weeks Yeah, it was awesome just because they are Yeah, you never know who's gonna win because everyone could just be like completely off randomly because If you like the show went a show went a yeah, they do like the Belgian Grand Prix on a Monday night Yeah, they do like the like the Spanish Grand Prix on like a Wednesday night right? You're like Jesus like so You know, they're all just trying to look good for every single night. It's just the craziest schedule and that's what La Veroni He excelled at right? Yeah, because he kind of looked great all the time so he was You know The guys that had to like pull a lot of water for his show is harder for them because they didn't know what like what are you doing? Yeah, oh yeah, the motorcycle era Who's the other dude? Is that art art out would no could it be no it's that it's a King calling who's on the other bike? He did do shoots with kings or could you but it doesn't look at his face a caption say it just says rare photo of Nestle on a bike Oh, yeah, I wonder who that other guy is yeah flip flops. They were definitely not actually Oh, yeah, you don't ride motorists and flip flops do you dusty No, no, what about crops? Yeah, there's a steak we do you have put you have a lot of you got to put in speed mode right sport Yeah, yeah Oh, this is I remember this Oh Jesus dude. Oh, yeah, that's that is that the UK that's a British Grand Prix that one year We're German alone out there. You're gonna dry Yeah, that's been a lot oh he's really good there. He really is Does it safe this is a German Grand Prix? I can't look because I have it blowing up right now. Oh, yeah, yeah I just that background I I can't remember I think it's uh German ground that is so impressive with those legs Jesus Yeah, dude he was such What was blown out how would he do today? Imagine him in like the you know we just saw the 2024 Imagine that like how would this NASA do then? Well, I think what was awesome. I mean his waist doesn't seem like super blowing out. You know like some of the guys You're like oh, you know back in the 2000s waist for blood like his waist looks tight to me. So it doesn't have that knock on him No, he had a couple years there where I mean the clinton that he had clean lions on him and deep slices everywhere and And no later on like the last couple years that delts and arms kind of melded together in a weird kind of way Like they just got less Jimmy less heavily. Yeah, they were Jimmy you know if I was he was pushing it But I mean this version of him looks crazy so good, you know he'd be he'd be in the mix. Yeah Oh, yeah, I think that's what that's probably is good. Just we're gonna get today. I think yeah, no, I mean it was good That was good. Those were awesome. So yeah, it's uh I like clicking it Instagram stuff everyone else lives their life on Instagram So you know if we react to something that you like let us know if we react to something you you're glad you saw Let us know if you think there's something that we need to look at send it to us. Yeah, you know Let us know what you like better tune if we pick one video and just watch whole thing or if we do a few like you know Get the get the feedback. Yeah, you guys tell us you know what I'm firing up to do? What's that? When they're fucking squat so heavy today I'm gonna get a jam. I'm just gonna squat so heavy I'm just gonna 350 15 15 for six maybe really really You know maybe maybe one I'm gonna tell my spotter to stand I'm still tell Brandon to stand like 10 feet behind me So I feel like I'm all on my own like out of the frame out of the camera frame, you know Let me run in be ready No worry. I'll get proof Yeah Leave it you will believe it Okay, see remember Like share subscribe comment and ring the bell Yes, Scott when are we doing a last five minute crew t-shirt? That's a really good question in fact. We had a listener ask us we should get on that after I finish my taxes about that Perfect yes, and if somebody out there wants to design a last five minute crew Shirt and send it to us for free. That's we wouldn't we wouldn't be hurt by that Yeah, wouldn't be hurt. Okay, you would know you didn't know an ass would Yes, okay, thanks everybody Haven't excellent Monday Well, I guess it's Wednesday Saturday or so I can't tell you when this one's coming out. Yeah, we don't know have a great day have a great day Probably gonna sit on this episode for two months until we're out of something and then you release it anyways Something for the job of a one Okay, thanks guys good to see you again and uh Remember it's just bodybuilding reacts you