If you had to walk around and spend your life trapped in the body of a current pro, Rieging Grimes would be a pretty damn good on the pick. You had to just spend your days strolling around the mall looking like Rieging Grimes. I wouldn't be upset by that. But not be upset. You had to just look like Rieging for the rest of your life. Could all this hair for crying all of a sudden. Full head of hair. Yes, it's feet tall. Yeah. You know, how tall is looking just six feet? Yeah, he's like six. My six foot half in. She's like my height. I don't know. Those hands on him. That just quarry with how I'm strings. You know, good. Hey, everybody. Welcome to It's Just Body Building. Big round parlor here with Dusty Han Shah. Is that Dusty? How hard is it? I'm Dustin. Mark Dusty. I'm Sean Dustin now. It's very dusty. You can't shop. I'm great at the feet too. And of course, the producer Scott and Sally Sameltscott. Same old Scott. Same old. There we go. Not any better. No upgrade. There you go. Not smarter like me. Yeah. And remember everybody, show sponsored by mutant. I am mutant.com. Use Code Dusty or Bigron. Go to I am mutant.com. Get your all and get your ice of surge. And everyone should get on the gear. Okay. What's going on? Dusty first of all. Oh, yeah. Take share, subscribe, comment, and bring the bell. You almost took away the only thing I have. I was so distracted. But you're so smart now. I was. You're still want to bring the bell. I was distracted by your brilliance. The bell ringing was a monkey task we gave you. It'd be happy. I still have that in me. So what's going on? Dusty has Spectacles. Yes. Spectacles. So the thing I wanted to open up with before we even touch on the New York Pearl is the amazing response we had for arguing why it was okay for Derek to win the Pittsburgh. Is that even what we said? I thought we just talked about the show. I thought apparently we were okay with it. Gaining either way. Ah. And that was close. Apparently we thought it was close. Apparently we thought it was a tie score. Right. It was. Which it was. But I wanted to point out reality hurt. And he's anyone who absolutely hates us for this reason. There are many. I mean, go watch Tyler Manion's breakdown of how they did it. Oh, and by the way, what I love that he did for those of you who did not see it was he was saying, oh, everyone was saying politics. Yeah. And he said, Nick has the biggest fan base in the world. Yeah. If we were doing politics, wouldn't Nick have won. Nick wins. And then he said also, isn't it a better story leading into the Olympia if Nick beats Derek? Right. When insult injury, he also said, I had Nick winning. Oh, where he go. And he said he was okay with it. And he said, oh, by the way, last year, Nick and Martin New York pro had Martin winning. Huh, and Nick won. Right. So that's what I really just thought. And he broke it down, posed for pose. He explained which pose he had which way, which poses he thought were a freaking coin flip. And he could totally find. He said there were only three poses that he thought someone won unquestionable. Oh, right. So I really urge you guys to go watch that because I think that he did an amazing job. And it's an I'm retired and I make really bad decisions in my entire career as far as I know what I want. I don't need to kiss ass. Go watch it and tell me you don't have a better understanding of how it went down. And the fact that your bias or your life, I mean, listen, I too thought Nick would win. And I have bias in the other direction because I was seen up. But I, to me, I was like, it's just too much. I think part of it is just people want their person to win, kind of like sports teams. Like I don't care what happened. I want the wings, you know what I mean? Yeah. Like when you say I hate me, you don't like 39 years. I've wanted the wings. I think one thing, I think with me, like I had a bunch of guys asked me like, what do you think, man, you think I ripped off? And I was like, eh, I don't know, let's close show. And they were like, yeah, they were like, oh, we were sitting on your wall. Yeah. I'm like, well, there was talk crazy guy that commented, who's about to get blocked? Because every time he commented, no, leave him. I like those guys. Leave him. I don't know. I just like, you're on the line. You're leaving talking about the powers that be, first of all, don't care about our show. They even know we have a show? No, probably not. And secondly, like, I think, I met that age and I've seen so much bodybuilding where I just don't care who wins. Like people were like expecting me to be like, oh, I know. And slept since the show. It slept inside decisions. Yeah. And I just like literally they announced the winner. And I was like, okay, well, actually, I remember you text us and you go, good show. That was a good show. Like, I have no, I don't give off. Who wins the shows? Like, I'm not emotionally invested in any of these guys. I think they're all awesome. My eye on. And then another thing too is I've been to so many freaking shows, man. Unless you're like, we say, unless you're sitting at the judges table, your opinion doesn't matter. That's true. I mean, what's the difference? And was that as close as it gets? Maybe that was one of the closest decisions we've ever seen in like the last 10 years. I don't know. We don't know. It was great though. I just don't care. After we took heat for our take on the show, which we said was close, where they always said, I got annihilated for saying that I thought Nick could win the Olympia. Oh, yeah. Yeah. I liked that. Which side do you want here? You already got 31. He's top 31. He's top 31. And he's an age group. I didn't say he was going to win the Olympia. I said, I think I have more faith that he could win it now than I did back then. That city was extremely dangerous. I'm so I watched that. I was like, okay, people just like to argue. Yeah, I know. The only thing that matters is hockey. So, you know what? The only thing that makes me happy about that whole debacle is that we got a lot of clicks and views. Oh, yeah, that was good. But we don't even try. We just accidentally say the odd thing once in a while that fits all the algorithmic stuff. Oh, this is God. Look how many views has got us. We just said something like not even controversial. Maybe I should watch the show again now that I have to try to do that more often. Yeah. Maybe I'll see it better. Yeah, we should try. Yeah. So, let's chat some new York pro. See if we can upset some people. Oh, I've got the lineup here. Actually give me a second. I did think there was much upsetting a New York pro. I thought that was pretty much the way most people thought it was going to go. See something unpopular around. I don't understand your support that day. Who's? I was. I thought he was better and Pittsburgh. You know, it was great actually. Um, I'm a friend of the gym who actually really knows bodybuilding. Okay. And he text me two things. He was like, Nick is smoking this show and Bonac will not go away. Oh, no. Yeah. And I was like, yeah. You understand everything I was watching. You know, if there's one more thing to say about the New York pro. What's that? If you had to walk around and spend your life trapped in the body of a current pro, Regangrimes would be a pretty damn good on the pick. Oh, absolutely. Yeah, to just spend your days strolling around the mall, looking like Regangrimes. Holy shit. I would be upset by that. But not be upset. Yeah, to just look like Regan for the rest of your life. Could all this hair for crying all of a sudden. Full head of hair. Yeah, yeah. Tall. Yeah. You know, it's a how tall. Good looking just six feet. Yeah, he's like six. He's like six. My six foot half in. She's like my height. I don't know. I don't know. It just just quarry with. Oh, I'm strings. You know, big everywhere. Beautiful structure. You know, I do watch. I do wish this day. And would be darker. That would help me. Yeah. I guess you could. Good. Can I put it up? Yeah. Great fact double. And a tank top all day. I wouldn't be a large walk around with them. Yeah. I just do wear my fancy watch. My fancy designer clothes. Yeah. I heard Jordyn's every day was Nick better here, guys. Yeah, I think he was a little better. I saw the back double comparison that was side by side. And they only know again, there's stage lighting differences and all that stuff too. And I thought he looked a little bit like I thought it looked like he had better oil on at the New York pro and his hands were popping more. But again, you're not sure if that's like stage light pop and whatever. And I thought that he was slightly better in New York and then bone act is just like bone act. I think he was better in New York also. Yeah. Yeah, he might have been a little tighter. Look at that back. Oh, four. How 3D it is. Like, I don't think of Bonnet because being like, oh, dude, he's got a crazy back. But we're standing next to Nick Walker who's a mass monster, right? And look at the three dimension that Bonnet cares on him. Well, plus you can argue now that Nick has the best or one of the best rear double ice ups in the sport. Yeah, the hamstring. The hamstrings are the craze. He is the biggest, thickest, craziest hamstrings. Look at the adductors. Yeah. I actually liked watching when Tyler put up the videos. He did the videos of them posing him and Derek. Yeah. And you could see when Nick would turn out the leg and squeeze the ham and then he'd hit the adductory. You actually watch it come out. Whoa, up close. It's like, slide to the middle. I just immediately think treadmill must suck for you. Yeah. And that adductors just hang in there. He's not flexing it. It's just, just, tensing the ham kind of pops it out. Yeah. Yeah. But Bonnet is so, yeah. He was awesome. Terrence, cannot even better. And so did. What was the second place guy? He peeled out of his head. I love that. I love that shot in Nick with the three rings. Oh, yeah. Yeah. That's awesome. And like, so happy for Nick. Oh, you know, obviously you want Nick to be in the Olympia. You want Nick to win shows Nick such a, like, I don't know, Nick's a great guy. I was a great guy. I was a great guy. He's always been nothing but awesome to us. And, you know, of course, hello to Nick's mom and Nick's dad. Yeah. They're always great. They stop buying. I'm sure they're just extraordinarily proud of him this year. Yeah. You know, he works real hard. So, I mean, I'm a fan of all these guys. You know, like, that's the thing when they see like, oh, you pissed off about this or that. I'm like, I don't like all these guys. They've all been really nice to me and they've all been cool. Like, they're super cool to me. Like, I last time I talked to Derek. I was sitting in a burger and he came up and sit still beside him for 20 minutes. We just chatted and last time I saw Nick he was super cool to me. Like, I haven't, you know, it's just, I just love seeing these guys put on such a crazy show and show up looking like this and take body building to this level. And, you know, bone act too. Bone act's an inspiration to like, yeah, everybody. I think what's great now. And we've discussed this a little bit. But for me, coming into body building in arguably the best era. And seeing the Ronnie Rain high. And, uh, he says hi. He saw your head. And, uh, Lisa was behind you this time. She's cut off. The, uh, I had that moment when they started to retire that I was like, oh, body building's over. It's, it's gonna, I mean, let's get it. It's gonna fall. Yeah. And I really do, even when Phil was winning, I felt like it wasn't competitive. So it didn't, it felt like a fall then. Um, and now it's back and I'm like, we're in the new, that era. Yeah. Only even better because we're going to the Olympia saying, there are at least three guys that could win the Olympia four sure. Yeah. You know what, too. Dusty that's kind of cool about this era is I feel like in say like the Ronnie era. Everybody was trying to be as absolutely full blown big as possible. Because they knew they had to keep up with Ronnie and they were trying to play his game. Versus, I feel like now we have so many different looks. Like, bonnicks playing his game. Nick Walker's playing his game. They're explaining his game and they're all coming in looking the best they can for themselves. Versus, you know, trying to be the best at something else. You know what? I think if Nick was competing in Ronnie's era, he would, and this isn't him. If I was in this camp, we'll, we'll re-frame that. So it's my fault. Okay. I would push him for more size. Oh, for sure. You're not big enough. You're not big enough. Dude, and his image would be Walker in that era. Yeah. But his physique would be worse. It could be because you can't, he doesn't need, I mean, I have no idea his dimensions, but he looks bigger now than he did before. And I think it's primarily because he's pulled in his midsection. The taper looks wider. Like, our his shoulders actually wider. I don't know, but they sure as shit. Look at it. Yeah. But I know. Okay. So on the opposite side of that, I'll say that the midsection wasn't as important back then either. And I think that yeah, there still wasn't element of like even if you couldn't be blocking that control. But you couldn't get blocked either. Like when Ronnie's stomach got big, it got bloated to the front. Yeah. But if it had a front double-wise up, it was still shoulders, lats. Yes. You could play the game, though. Like, I mean, look at Branch. Branch didn't have, by the end didn't have like, you know, slim proportions. He was an Arnold classic winner. Yeah. He was as nasty as you could get, you know. And I have to say that if it wasn't for being around, like, it's almost like Ronnie and then into fill that like, jay was there. There's all those really big, big dudes. Maybe Branch would have been prettier if it wasn't for, you know, the era. But what he had been branch, you know. Yeah. Yeah. I guess just definitely changed the sport. I'll go to see it, you know. You know, it does change things that changes your approach. But I love what's happening. And it's got me back to excited. Like I've told you guys many times, like, I'm going to the Olympia. I'm going to watch the show. And there's been many years and people are going to be mad. They're wrong. And I have went to eat instead. Yeah. I appreciate that. Yeah. Like, or we could go eat when everyone's at the show and get it out quicker. Yeah. Yeah. And watch them all, you know, and now with the 4K feeds and stuff. Yeah. Yeah. So, but we have some questions. I threw up a question box and I knew you have some too as well. It's got, um, I threw this up this morning without even asking you guys. I saw this. So, I just did it because I'm a good friend. And I don't mind your stuff on my wall dusty. You also, you also, I put up a video last week. Scott about the new mutant stuff. Oh, I didn't. I went ahead and offered the non white sauce people use wrongs code if they wanted. Oh, that was nice. He is fun. Really loud. He don't like white sauce. No. All right. So, I'm going to just kind of roll down these without even paying attention. What makes a great training partner and who have been all of your guys is best ones. Well, I haven't had many over the years. I spent a great deal of my life training by myself. But I relied on the community at the gym. I was very much like, that's my gym. I trained it for. Those guys will always be around. I can get spots in the late press in the hack. You know, can you, can I take you to me a force rep on in Climbed dumbbell? He had no problem. And everyone knew how to spot me and I'd had everybody trained out of spot. I was just a U-trained. Yeah. So, I was like, I was very much like that. So, like, to crew back at hardcore gym and Emmetton back in the day. I was there for 13 years. I mean, those guys were awesome. And, you know, like, a lot of the gyms I trained out over the years. And I had some fantastic training partners for some short periods of time. You know, like, I, my talk to about my friends, John and Nick and Australia. They taught me, like, you know, half of what I know and that was incredible. I trained, one of my best training partners ever was my best friend Scott. He trained with me for a couple of years straight when we lived in Emmetton. He wasn't a bodybuilder. He just was like a Nat toley Natty, like, go out. I'll go to the gym with you. And he was like, it was all about me, right? Like, I was doing my first couple of nationals. And he was just like, I'll train with you set for set. And I'll spot you. And it was just fantastic. Because it was all about me, right? There was no. He never ever said, I want to do this. It was like, we're doing this. We're doing this. We're squatting. J.K. Like, you know, so it's great. I trained with a guy named Dan Fedlock who won the Canadian Nationals in 2004. Those, those, that was like a real crazy era where we were, you know, I got real big. But I think I first time ever hit 320 and was training with him. And that was a good time. But it was only really like one year, you know. But I had two training partners that were for long periods of time. One was a Natty guy named Force Gavans from Emmetin. He hired me. He never competed. And wound up winning a bunch of natural shows and getting his Natty pro card. And he was fantastic training partner. Natty hardcore set for set, wrap for wrap, train to failure. And then my current training partner, Braden, Braden Palmer. You guys follow Paul Pomp Tree. But he's, I mean, he started training with me. We'd like, I think he weighed like 220. I don't know. And now he's like he hit 280 this year. Yeah. Right. And so I like to live like, curiously through Braden, you know, when people say Braden's getting huge, I take it as a compliment because I'm his training partner now. Yeah. And you know. And that old like that old line, like, I sort of like that old, that old samurai saying like, When the student is ready, the master will appear. Right. He's the student will become the master. Hmm. And it's cool. Yeah. Yeah. So Scott, first half because he ignored half of my question or the question, what makes a good training partner. What makes a good training partner. I would say, somebody who's going to be, when we've talked about this in the past, I think number one thing is somebody who is going to be consistent and somebody who's going to be on time. Somebody who's ready to get plugged in to do what we do. All those things. Yeah. Those guys were all those things. That's what we mean. Yeah. Generally somebody who's going to do what I want to do. That makes very good training partner. I mentioned that a few times. It's kind of part of it. Yeah. And I'd say that that really sums it up. I can think of Matt Karny. He was he worked for Pepsi and I worked for seven up. And he was like, hey, look, I talked to him once. Okay. And like I did a store that he was at. And that was it. Talk to him that one time and then like a month or two later, I get a phone call. And he was like, hey, this is Matt from Pepsi. I got your number from your manager. He was like, I told him, you know, I wanted to try to get a hold of you. I was like, hey, let's up. He was like, you know, I want to do bodybuilding. I was like, oh, okay. We'll come on out to the gym. And I was training for at the time competing. And he became my training partner for an extended period of time. And I just like, he learned how to do bodybuilding. I put him on a diet. You know, he learned how to do bodybuilding by working out with me. And then it was great in prep because he'd like do cardio with me too. And like when I was dragging ass, he knew it. You know, and it was cool to have somebody there that through that like the whole prep. So it was cool. And then eventually he wanted to do a show and he did a men's physique. She planned to, you know, do a men's physique show. That was cool. And it up having an issue and it up getting a freaking merseh from an in-growing hair. Like on his inner thigh, like two inches from the voice. Like in a way up there. Oh yeah. I don't mean mine. Mine away. Yeah. And he ended up going into like Ivy and it biotics, hospitalization. And that was it. So he was like, yeah, and I can do the show. That's a methicillin resistance. Staff of caucus, your reas. Oh, got that. Don't get that. Grand positive bacteria that are genetically distinct. The glasses on the first or that. Yeah. And I trained with Shelby for Shelby Starns for about five years. And that was before John Meadows was putting out his own plans. So we, we were doing John would send his workouts. He would write him up on emails and he'd send him to a select handful of friends and say, hey, here's a back workout. Try this out. Yeah. And so we're doing the like the Meadows 1.0 workouts for the first three years. And then it became JPs workouts by like 2016, 17. And then we kind of did a merge of like doing it. What Shelby wanted to do, which was like a combo of Meadows and JP stuff. Right. I'll tell you what, when I did the JP stuff, Dusty, we were doing more dads than ever. And unintentionally, my traps and biceps were the biggest they had ever been at the end of that season. Eight out of pounds. Eight out of pounds. Eight out of pounds, sir. Yeah. Yeah. Jesus. No, I thought that was a great question. I won't go into the list because I've been very fortunate. I've had great training partners since I started bodybuilding. I just always, because you know, I'm a bullshit, right? Yeah. When I found people who I think knew that before they came in, yeah. Yeah. And they knew what I would want need expect. And I've been really, really fortunate. One name that a lot of love viewers will know. I trained with Ryan Humsson for years. And it's funny. He's a big YouTube personality. Makes a shit ton of money on there. And what's funny about it is I used to call him the mutant. Because he didn't speak really. Really? We were training and he barely would talk. But I will tell you this for for those who are that know his humor. He's very like dead pen. And I saw splashes of that. In our like, we went out to dinner one time after a show. And Nina, my ex wife sister, told the waitress, hey, don't put whatever on her food because she was allergic. And dead silence and Ryan goes, are you actually allergic? Or are you just full of shit? And I just lost it because I was like, the guy who doesn't speak right in for the waitress just rails her out there. So it doesn't shock me that he's cranking out in that style. But, I mean, obviously Tommy Matt, I mean, the list goes on and on. And the big thing for me besides like you said Scott being consistent and showing up was leave your shit in the parking lot. I don't care. And you're here. Well, you can bring that in. Oh, I'm sure what you meant by that. But your personal life means nothing inside the gym. And those guys brought it. And I think I think as long as you're a little twisted in the head, you'll be fine. So now we had a nice run there. Up next. Let's see here. Sorry, my page disappeared here. Mm-hmm. I've got to tell you when I'll ask a little bit later. Here's a good one that we can run through quickly. Not a question would be a cool topic to cover. Making money in the bodybuilding space outside of competing. And everyone on this channel is doing that. Yeah. Well, I mean, I'm very fortunate enough to have an endorsement. Deal with mutant for, I guess, technically the 14th year. Yeah. Wow. Which I don't take for granted. I don't take that lightly. There's, let me interrupt your real quick on that. Because it's important. Why? Why do you bring value to mutant that they've signed you for 14 years? And I mean, before you're a pro during a pro, long retired. And the reason I ask is because I see people losing sponsorships all the time. Why don't you lose yours? Well, you have to try to make yourself valuable. So you have to ask yourself, like, why would you have value? And so, you know, if you have, let's say you had 200 clients, and they were all using the product. Well, that adds value. Sure. I don't have that. I have a smaller number of clients that keep a smaller stable of people. I don't force them to use the product. But some of them do. So, then I think, well, how can I add value? Well, the podcast, this podcast adds value. I'm reaching a lot of people representing the brand in a positive way. I try not to be a dickhead. I try not to be rude to people that shows. And I try not, you know what I mean? Like, you're always on the clock. That's one thing people don't get is when you're in the public eye. You're at a show. You're at an event. You're in an airport. You're always representing the brands that you have endorsement deals with. You're never off the clock. If I'm at the grocery store and some kids say, hey, you're up 300. I'm on the clock. You're also on the clock if the kid doesn't say, hey. Yeah, I'm also on the clock. You know what I mean? You're watching you and you're watching us all in public. Yeah, I'm good. Yeah. And I'm not just representing mutant, but now I'm representing my gym. Right? I'll be wearing a hoodie. People in downtown, people around town know I'm one of the owners. So when I walk into a hardware store and I'm asking the guy questions, he's looking at my hoodie. And I know that some of those guys at that particular hardware store know that know who I am. Like you're always on the clock in some way. And people don't think that way. And it's a big element to it. And it's not that you're just, you just have to realize it like how you behave, how you carry yourself. At all times affects your value. And then of course, you know, my gym sells their product and we promote their product. And I try to add value. So now, you know, there's a lot more to it than just like, have you seen my Instagram? Like, my Instagram's not amazing. I have 50,000 followers or whatever, which isn't like nuts. But there's all these other residual values that I bring. Also, too, like, on all the shop owners. I get along with all of them and like all that stuff. So there's, there's more to it than just like, look at the pictures I post. Did you see the workout real I made? Yeah, the real surface basics. Real surface people think the value is in that real surface shit. And it's not. It's in relationships. Yeah. I like that. So, hey guys, we gained, speaking of like, following some stuff. We broke 35,000 subscribers for the channel. This past week or so. Awesome. And we are getting more subscribers and effort. Like, we, I figured out some stuff and things are really kind of tipping in our favor. You know, knock on wood, algorithms, change and all that. But for the moment, we're cleaning up really well. And I have to say, thank you to all of our listeners and all of our new listeners. Because if we're getting that many more listeners per week, that means that there are a lot of new people watching this right now. Who might not have ever seen us before. So thank you guys for being here. Yeah. And if you are a new watcher, make sure to go to the very beginning in watch for our episodes so that if you're not impressed now, you'll at least know it's way better than it used to be. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Just to see the scale of him, I know it's still not great, but it was really, yeah. It was easier. It's far more impressive. Far more impressive if you see the first couple episodes. Yeah. He just watched from now. It's not that you've talked about. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, here's a good one. How do you strike balance between bodybuilding and life when something you need to be thinking about this at some level, meals, upcoming training sessions, etc. For most of the day. Bodybuilding is very simple. You don't have to dwell on it all day long. Like, I always try to tell people, it's like when you open up like the music window in your on your laptop and then you just minimize it. So it goes into the corner, but the music still play. Yeah. That's all bodybuilding is for like 20, 20, three hours a day. It's just software running in the background. You can be thinking about, like, you do not have to think about all your meals. Just eat them when your timer goes off. Yeah. It's mindless. It's mindless and mind numbing most of the time. Look, it's the most boring repetitive thing. Yeah. If we can do it. There's so many things you can accomplish while your bodybuilding. This whole like, I can't do that. I have meals to eat. It's like eat them in the car. They take one minute. Yeah. Like, yeah. That's my mind. There's not much I can add to that because I think that that's the, that is the magic is you shouldn't be thinking about them. I'm not cheering. The extra food together, especially if you're, you'll burn yourself to yourself too. You'll burn yourself to death. Yeah. I packed my food in the morning when I had the stores and I did exactly what around said at a time that would go off. And I couldn't always answer that timer because I was busy. But I said, okay, well, this food will all go down before I go to bed. And when I get to the gym, whatever time because that's the other thing people ask, like, when do you train? What's the best time when you can? And then you go, and then you do what you need to be done. I think it's really overcomplicated for no reason. Like, it's not harder to eat, chicken and rice than it is a cheeseburger. So I don't know why we're talking about it. We don't have it prepared, right? Like, well, that preparation is everything. I mean, you know, the only thing that I would say does change that you just brought up is I used to always, I'm talking about this in the show. I would ask when we were leaving somewhere. How long do you think we'd be gone? And she'd go three hours and go, okay, we'll call it six. And I'll bring two meals just in case. Yeah. That's it. And you know, and it was never a big issue. I mean, sometimes if we're out shopping and she's in the mall, I'd be like, I'll be back in 10 minutes. I'd walk to the car, I'd eat my meal, I'd put it back, I'd walk back in. Where are you? Quick tech measures. Show up, no big deal. Hey, I'll throw in one other thing. And that's just that if you're not there yet, let's say, or maybe you fell off that maybe for some people getting back on track or getting on track, it's easy. They just flip a switch and now they're on. And if you're not there, though, and you do feel like you need to work into it more, then set up real easy goals to reach. Like for me getting back on track, I started putting together some meals that were like real easy to eat. Like four ounces of chicken is much more racist. I knew I'd be able to eat as not a lot. You know what I mean? And then that way I just knew like, okay, that's prepared. I can go to that in over time. I built that consistency and then it evolved and then I could grow that. So it doesn't have to be perfect out the gate. All it has to be is better than it was yesterday. And if you can do that each week, you're going to get there, you know? Very true. Very true. Oh, here we go. This is a little bit different. From what you've seen in the experience in your lives, what has brought you true happiness, and what do you think others can do to achieve it as well? Hmm. I'm going to do a real generic answer, but I think it's the most true one. Having purpose. Yeah. I think if you live a life without purpose, that's why you're not happy. Yeah. Like when I look back at times where things weren't as smooth as I wasn't operating the way that I felt I had value to myself, to others, whatever that could mean. And as long as I'm living a life with purpose, I'm always satisfied. Yeah. I don't like that quote, Jordan Peterson a lot. Like he says a lot of stuff, but when I hear him talking about how important it is to bear responsibility, I'm like, oh, that's something I've instinctually figured out. Like if you don't have something that you're responsible for, that can really lead to a lot of stray decisions and people getting way off track. And the things that I'm responsible for that I know people count on me for really give me purpose, like you said dusty. And time me to like a reality of how I must behave and what I must get done. And you know, when we got the second dog, it was more responsibility. And I found myself like, like, it kind of fell myself kind of thriving on it. I had this extra responsibility going on. And I was like, I like this. And you know, having the gym and like there's things that I'm responsible for at the gym. And I don't want to let my partners down. I don't want to let the members down. And having like, you know, things that are always important that you have to pay attention to that gives you purpose and that kind of ties in with what you said. We want to, uh, I made me think we want to get a dog. Well, we want a victory as dad to get a dog for that reason, you know, he's right lives alone. He doesn't have a lot to do. And you know what dogs can save old people for that. I mean, very reason, you know. I liked all of that. And I mean, gosh, I mean, I all add one thing and that's in for me. It was really important is I have to make sure that I am not looking outside of myself for happiness. That if I try to tell myself like, oh, if I get this new gun, which, you know, I'm going to want to get it's like, then I'll be happy. I can't misconstru that in my head is that that's going to make me happy because I'm never going to get happy from that or from a relationship or from a financial, you know, goal that I'm reaching happiness has to, and I know it sounds cheesy, but happiness has to come from within. And that's the number one thing that I had to learn in 12 step because that's what addiction is. We're looking for something outside of ourselves to make it happy. So yeah, yeah, I got to watch that one. That one's a big one. My, that was actually my dad. He was always buying things big things, motorcycles, cars, houses, whatever. And he would get the new thing and he'd get that boost. And then it was no longer a new thing. Yeah. And he'd get another new thing. And this isn't meant to like twist this to a sad story, but I mean, he eventually was unhappy man. The company said, he could not understand that it was, those things were never going to do it. You know, so I think it's enormous to step away and realize I said at all the time, like if I lost everything I have financially and worldly. The things that that I have that are unbreakable, we would be fine. Nothing would change. The trucks would become some beat up whatever it'd be fine. We'd live in a place nowhere near as nice. And in the grand scheme, it will make me happy. Okay. There was this in the rug. First thing that I really tied the room together. This, it, it'll do it. It was such a beautiful rug. And it was like this white being really tied to the shade. And it was like, I saw this rug shopping and it was like early, early in recovery. And it was more than I could afford. But like if I saved my money up, I could get the rug. You know what I mean? And I realized like, man, I'm obsessing about this rug. Like I'm thinking like, oh, you know, I just, I'd be so happy to the point where like I need the rug. You know what I mean? But I caught myself. I never bought the rug and I'd go to the store and see it sometimes. But damn that's a nice rug. But here's the reality. Had I bought the rug, it would have eventually gotten, it was white by the way. Wait, right. It could be garbage. Yeah. No, I didn't know how to take care of stuff. I still hardly know how to take care of stuff. You know, I think flame a little better with Victorian, less feral. But yeah, it was, it was a little bit less feral. It's slightly less feral. I love that word. That's phenomenal. Yeah. What's the, yeah, quick and question you had Scott? Oh, so I wanted to ask you guys, I, I looked him up. I can't find this company. Maybe you guys know about it though. So we talked about it company last week. It says, you guys, another US based company that is making retro remakes is premier strength. They are making replicas of a few flex leverage pieces in not-alist, explode pieces. They look really rad. You guys have seen those? Yeah. I, yeah. I have, I follow them on Instagram. I have them on Instagram. Oh, you do. Okay. Yeah. So they've done, they've done some of those pieces. I'm not sure how big that company is. Looks like a, like a smaller outfit. But they may be, I, I don't know much about their stuff, but they might be making good stuff, you know. Okay. I did want to throw this in real quick because it came up. But, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but. Oh, damn, it was a textured, um, Duke message me about the mega mass equipment. Yeah. And, uh, he said that his gym has a piece and it's been broken down multiple times with the, Oh, no kidding. So that's kind of back to what I said about the, the volume of use. Yeah. I don't remember where he sent her. I'd read the exact thing, but he sent that as soon as he was watching the show. And I was like, ah, that's right. That's bad. Thanks for people that know. It doesn't mean it's not great for your own home and stuff. It's like, yeah. When I first wanted to get a treadmill when I was younger and had my place, I went to the gym and the owner and I said, hey, can you order me when those life fitness treadmills? He was like, for what? I was like, my house. And he was like, why do you need a life fitness treadmill for your house? I was like, what's a good treadmill and I need it. He's like, those are designed to be used 20 hours a day. Yeah. He's like, how often, how many hours you're going to put on as a well? In an hour, a day, and then both. And then it'll probably like hold laundry pretty solid. He's like, you guys don't know what this word is. Most of you, but he goes, go to Sears. There are $500. It'll be fine. And that for you people now, that's go to Facebook marketplace. Yeah. You're in a box. You'll be finding your house. Because I got a club model, life fitness treadmill in my own home. From life fitness, I paid $500 for it. Another thing, too, is people buy that people just all the time. They buy cardio pieces and they get them home and realize they don't have the voltage. No. They've got the 240 or whatever, and it's supposed to be the one. I don't know my voltage, but you've got like the industrial power out that. Yeah. So you have to call an electrician. Yeah. That was a real expensive. Yeah. I did have to pay somebody to bring it into my home, too. So it's not like it was just $500. Yeah. Yeah. It's not like $500. Yeah. It was worth it though. I love it. Can't let. This is, this was directed to me, but I want to get your guys as a version, too. When you were running your stores and training at 4am with an itemized task list, cover each hour of the day, how do you manage recovery to avoid mental burnout from the combination of training beyond your feet all day, manage the work of the business and the owner. My schedule is ramped up lately and is similar to how yours described. I feel my recovery starting to slide. I prep and carry all my meals and hydration is good. However, between parenting, having full-time employees, five am training, starting to fall behind, I have pretty awesome coaches overseeing everything, but your experience with am training, running your business, having to make lists every other day really resonated with me, asking us to jump up client. So my answer in this is not sexy, but it's a truth. We didn't think about those things back in the day. The managing recovery was never a thought. Worring about overtraining, never crossed my mind, worrying about not sleeping enough, never crossed my mind, because I had things that had to be done and that was the end of it. So I think the biggest thing is you do what you have to do and you don't think about it. If his schedule was as busy as mine was, there was nothing to think about. There were however many hours in the day. This is the things I had to be done. Okay? I mean, I'm sure if I could go back in time because I also used to start with the sleep. I'm sure I would have been better if I could have made myself sleep. I'm sure I would have been better for had more time. I honestly think it would hold even marginally anyways. I think we way overthink those things now and you just get done what has to be done. Use your time as well as you possibly can, but not I mean, the answer is you just do it because it's all you have. My friend Travis put up a story the other day and he said, Overtraining is bad. We're worrying about overtraining is way worse. So yeah, it's a little one second. I got to pull something up that I had to read because I think it's way too valuable to be skipped here. There it is. I'm going to read a little train by JP. Oh no, take a little break. This one is fantastic. To get into this, I didn't ask about range of motion or rep ranges over and over. Those questions didn't exist 20 years ago and didn't need to because they were people who had the size I wanted. So I emited what they did and guess what? It worked. We didn't ever talk about fatigue ever. I'm so insanely embarrassed for you. If you mentioned fatigue management to me, to get to this, I set lift targets really fucking high ones. I knew that if I could overhead Smith plate five plates aside, I would have bigger delts than anyone else. Oh wow, it worked. I knew that if I could get my stiff legs to eight plates aside, I'd have bigger directors. Oh wow, that worked too. F and funny that. I focused an entire amount of work and didn't give a shit what I felt endured to reach those lift targets. I cannot express how much I hate this app now and all the complete utter wank that I read from people with no muscle advising people with no muscle. Band these shit combos from your mind and focus entirely on work. It's a small person thing to find 20 ways to distract themselves from the fact they are too much of an effing pussy to go after hard sets and set huge lift targets. I don't care if you're an ad either. If you guys they did it. They set piss take lift targets and built a shit ton of muscle doing it. We didn't talk about not doing the work because motor unit recruitment declines as a set goes on, F off and just do it and do more of it. And Morgan and tell you so bad that you can't get out of bed. So practical advice instead of just calling you all a bunch of useless kinds. Whatever you lift now for four reps, you must get that to 12 reps, ASAP with zero change in form and then by this time next year you must increase your load on the bar by 50%. That is doable. I promise you be a savage and attack your sets, but all of this insane noise out of your mind. Or we're trying to get big here or we're just going to be talking about it. I read that night. Wipe to tear. I put a comment that got like 200 likes. Did you? I put that's an absolute unit of a comment. Because absolute unit of a part of a part of whatever. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's good. But seriously, I mean, I think we should briefly cover it because What we just said, like you never even thought about those things. I never said like, oh, I'm soar today. What should I do? It's like that. Yeah, yeah. You try likes. There's that. Yeah, it's like day. You do that. Yeah. And there was all sorts of stuff like today's Hack Squad day. And I feel kind of like, there's a little thing here, but I saw just warm up really good until it goes away. And then I'll hack squat because it's Hack Squad day. Yeah. It's a little more warm up. You know what I mean? Just like, yeah. And just putting stuff out in your mind, which the putting stuff out in your mind thing. I really relate to because there were so many times I remember doing that. Like, don't think about that. That's noise. Like that whole thing. You know what I mean? Mm-hmm. And just getting to work and chasing lifts, chasing lifts. Like I remember chasing leg presses and chasing hack squats and chasing barbell rows. Chasing in climb dumbbell presses. Like you're looking at the far end of the rock and like, oh, fucking get there. You know, and just that super, super aggressive stuff. You know, I think there's benefit to those things. Like there's benefit to recognizing, you know, the, like, more sleep is going to be benefits. Because I can say there's times that have been like, you know what? Looking back, you know, I had a really tough time in that prep or that client did, you know, in 2015. He had a really weird sleep schedule because of his job. I bet that it had to do with his sleep. And I know that now, you know what I'm saying? So I think that there is, I think, benefit of knowing those things. But it doesn't mean that you need to, yeah, like, you know, be paralyzed by it. Yeah, you know, and I think you have to not train legs today because they're sure. I think one of the main problems is like, I would go to bed because I'm like, I'm going to bed at midnight tonight. I have legs tomorrow. Yeah. But let's say I had a bad sleep. Let's say I went to bed, toss and turn, couldn't get to sleep. Wannapult, only getting six hours. Got in the morning. I didn't dwell on the fact that I only had six hours sleep. Yeah. It didn't cross my mind. Did you check your HIV? Yeah. It didn't cross my mind. It's like, today's legs. I'm moving on. Yeah. Moving on. I still have rep totals. I still have rep totals. I still have rep totals. But I think what the problem is, is guys are now getting up and looking at their app and going, Oh, I didn't get the sleep I wanted. So maybe I should adjust my data to die. And it's they're not putting that shit. Like the value of putting it out of your mind. Just overcoming the nonsense. Overcoming the nonsense. Don't don't take all this shit in all the time. It just crowds up so much of your space. What's funny is, um, I feel like we, we have too much data now. Yeah. You know, you're sitting on it. We don't have to analyze it to wait like, over analyzing it. So I had a client. They're doing the set now. And, uh, I said, how's the steps going? And she goes good. And I said, is it hardest, it used to be? And she said, no. And we're in prep. And I said, okay, I want you to kick it up to a level where is this hard as it used to be? Yeah. And she goes, well, what level? I said, whatever one makes it as hard as it used to be. Yeah. And I was like, it, it, it, you should want to get off before your time is up. Like you used to. That's what I want. And she was like, so is it like a heart rate? I'm like, no. Hard as it used to be. And I really think that that part has gotten lost because it's a normal, and I'm, I'm not faulting it for asking. It's good questions. But I really do think that that's a thing. Like, Ron and I agree on this. Cardioshity, there'd be easy or hard. Right. Those are the two options. So if I want to be hard, if it starts to get easier because you're getting more conditioned, yeah, make it harder again. Whatever that means, you know? So the data is definitely slowing people down in a lot of ways. In my opinion, because like you said, Ron, you just never really thought about it. You're like, yeah, okay, well, here we go. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It doesn't, all that stuff doesn't matter. We're going to cut them more here. And the number of times that I beat my Reptotal, even though something that, some didn't go perfectly that week, I still beat my Reptotal. You know what I mean? And you pile up those wins and you realize like, just smoke through the shit. You know? I always found those days where the most rewarding days. Yeah, yeah. You get done and you're like, honestly, I didn't want to be here today. But I had to be. And I got going. And then next thing, you know, it's a killer workout. Yeah. You're like a new PR on Hacksquat. Yeah. There you go. It just clicked through, you know? Hey, Georgina from Patreon. She said that the IFBB rules states that anyone on prescribed TRT to keep test within physiological levels is unable to compete in a natural contest. I was surprised by this and think a lot of people are unaware. But you guys think seems to be unfair to me. Yeah, I mean, that stuff is sort of changing over time. I mean, you know what I mean? I mean, I think there's certain leagues now. Like aren't they allowed TRT and UFC now? I don't know. I've no idea. Like, I'm not quite sure, but I know that stuff is all kind of evolving and changing. I wouldn't be surprised if that eventually changes. But I mean, that's just the rules. Yeah. I mean, you know, a lot of 90 people aren't. I mean, I got my own opinions on Nadi. People doing Nadi shows that are used in like every peptide under the sign. Yeah. Yeah. They're running all this other stuff. It's like they're basically steroid free. Yeah. But using like insulin and growth hormone and, you know, all the peptides and even sight and mole, I'm want a thyroid prescription. Yeah. Okay. And then there's also there's natural and then there's unt, and then there's tested. Yeah. You know what I mean? Which I've heard people say is like, tested is an IQ test. Yeah. You know, who can pass it? Pass it. Yeah. Who can do math, you know? Yeah. Yeah. You're good. Good one here because I think that's I think this is great. Can you discuss the times BCA's may still be beneficial? I use them every day. So I'd say if you had to pick a time where there would be more the most likely to be beneficial, it would be in a calorie deficit getting ready for a show while you're training. I would leave out all the other words and just say while you're training. There you go. I'm going to get all the amino acids from EAs. I'd take that's why I get on. I'd get on the gear. The way the waves change are actually the ones that are made for extending your workout. Yeah. You get your workout to be not of the same doses. Okay. So that's why meeting continues to make them. Yeah. Because the the fat has been to go straight. Yeah. You don't need to branch chains. First off, we'll start a step further. You don't need any of them. That's a point. Right there. Because you're eating. But guess what? I eat it even now. Plenty of protein in a day. And I can absolutely tell. Like I finish a school like ECA of the BCA's. Every single workout. Yeah. And what I noticed, it's the same thing. It's funny enough that people don't realize this. But the reason that salvation called their product extend when it came out. Bernstein, just because that's the idea. Yeah. Good morning. How long you can train at a certain level of intensity over a long amount of time. Yeah. Whereas a lot of people, how they feel in the beginning of their workout versus the end isn't the same thing. You can actually, in a great way, a test it's got. Is if you're doing your cardio and I don't recommend using it for cardio. First off, but for you to get a feel. Sip on it during your cardio. And you'll see that the the end of your cardio is not any part of the beginning. That's not what it should be. You don't want anyone else to hear that and think it's a good idea. I'm just saying for you to test it. Yeah. It doesn't. You just won't slow down. So I have a difficult. I think I'm a unique person when it comes to this. Losing can create an insulin release. And that ends up giving me low blood sugar. And I figured that out because back in the day when everybody was all on E, you know, BCA is I would use them training. And I would go hypos at the end of my workout or into my cardio. So right. Yeah, for me, I'd be afraid of going hypos, but I know you mean because I did use my fair Share of them. So I wonder what the dosing is because I know E, BCA is you're getting usually like what 2.5 grams of looseen and 1.25 of isolucene and valine. You're 10 total. Yeah. So yeah. Same ratio. Yeah. So that would be 5 so double that. Okay. Yeah. So you would I wonder how much you'd have to take of E. You probably have to take like 30 grams of E a a's to get that done. So all right. Do you have anything else that we need to cover? Think of one more just because I'm hunting for one and then we'll call it a day. Should we put I think we're going to put this up a sort of first. Okay. And then put the other one out next and we didn't even tell people that that was like a memorial day weekend special. Whoops. Now they know. Just this is true. I wonder if I got something in Patreon here. Yeah. See if you got anything. I don't have anything that's like a great. I got this signature. I don't know how to. So he's from Patreon. I feel like I owe him. You know what I'm saying? But I'm not quite sure what he means by this. I'm just going to tell you. It says question for it's just body building and it knew Patreon subscriber by the way. South side iron. He said check out South side underscore iron under a side underscore Columbia on Instagram. He says question for it's just body building men's physique. Replace the board shorts with the square cut out cut trunks that classic started. Let's be honest some of these guys are walking around at 250. It's time to let the board shorts go. Then he says rename classic physique classic body building. Keep the current trunks and have a short and tall class significantly increase the weight caps and put pressure on the judges to reward the classic look over the open looks. Lee Haney was 511 225 on stage in the current. Five 11 cap for classic is two 19. Why call a division classic when many of the big names in classic guys wouldn't be able to compete in the class. P S then he said check out the South side iron Columbia. So he's saying just redo the whole thing basically. I mean I think what they're what they're trying to do. Yeah, is they're trying to control the height to weight ratio. Because I do and I understand we said I've got a couple clients that I really wish they had 10 more pounds. Because their frame could hold it without losing that look. In my opinion, I like what the IPB is doing because if not what blurs the lines and confusing people is. You can be within the height and weight ratios and you still don't have the classic physique at all. Yeah, you know, and yes, there are outliers. I mean it's it's hard not to say that some of the top guys. I mean what would we say Jamie Christiansen's physique should look like to be a classic guy. Six. Six. Six. I mean he would but he's still tiny. Yes, you know he yeah, I mean it's got all the things that would you could argue classic but I think that's the idea behind it being classic physique and not classic bodybuilding. Because if not he is a classic bodybuilder. Yeah, you know, I mean Tony Freeman would be a classic bodybuilder. Basically if you were just a small waste. Yeah, and everything else billows out from there you could call yourself classic. I don't I don't think they want to blur the lines anymore than they already are because as it is there's classic guys that I know if they wanted to cross over. Could be great open prozers. I mean men's physique. I've seen some of these guys. They're not hiding their legs. They're covering them. That's the shorts that are there. They have them. Yeah, those guys can bodybuild. I can see getting away with getting rid of those trunks or getting rid of the board sharks and going to a more classic. Trench sure. I do. If we were going to get something. I don't just agree with that. We give him that one. The question that I becomes in mind in my head is how would they present their legs posing the way they do. Yeah, you know, I mean I don't I'm sure there's an answer but it would change a lot of stuff. Yeah, I don't disagree. But I'm one of the few I shouldn't say few but I love the classic physique look. Yeah. I don't love the way that they are told to present their look. I don't like the little hole move around the hands look ridiculous thing. But the physique. I think I'd rather have some of these guys classic these these men's physique then the bodybuilders. Just walk around. They look nuts. Yeah. Those guys are getting laid nonstop. Yeah. Not the Dutch were a lot of people. But you know it's true. Oh yeah. That's all. Oh, totally full of stuff. Yeah. Mine are too, but they're gosh. Yeah. Yeah. They're just on that note. Great episode. It does seem I've also got something here. I have some. I have some BCAs. I'm going to boy. I'm going to make sure I don't go hypos. All right. Great. That's the best one. I'm going to make sure I don't go hypos. I'm going to use these on my next workout. And I'm very curious. I want your breakdown. All right. Is that it? Our work here is done. Dusty is so much. Look at you. He's got the glasses. And run. Just take the whole thing. He's different man. I know. I know. I saw a thing that where they said that they said if you wear glasses in the US, like our society, our culture, you are instantly thought of as being much smarter. Like it's just a fact. You're thought of, but they also, you're instantly less attractive to these. I couldn't go further in that direction Scott. So it was worth the trade. Welcome to the worst. The trade. Oh man. That's funny. I'm trying to more than enough things that you can cancel me back out on the. Yeah. You can do a lot of stuff with glasses. That's a good. A good removal take. Yeah. You're going to do. Yeah. I'm not doing those now. Yeah. No, I think of, I think of the opening scene for CSI Miami when David Cruz so it always kind of take his glasses off and drop the final line. You know what I mean? The worst like one line in the universe. Yeah. I have a friend of mine who has a crazy story about meeting that guy. Really. He has a connection through the film industry and he happened to go to the. He was a little bit dinner and David Cruz so was there. And he wound up sitting next to him. And he thought, oh, it's this cool. I'm sitting next to David Cruz. All right. And they're chatting away and and they. It was going pretty well. They're that of a Nick and everyone's laughing. They're talking away and he's talking about movies. Yeah. And then and and and David had told some stories that sort of led my friend to feel a certain way about how he viewed his characters. And they'd been very comfortable in talking freely. And he's like, oh man, like, like, see us. I'm my amy was like great. Like it was, you know, great. That what a like what it you know, you must have been fun plan like such a cheesy character. You know, like you got to deliver like the cheesiest lines and I can't even the big hit. And you know, like that character, like in any other context would it just been like utterly ridiculous. And like how did you feel about like how that character was written and like just went kind of what a little too comfortable. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. How like how like cheesy lines were and how it deliver was just like a certain way. Yeah. And David just changed and I wrote that character. Oh. And then he like left. My friend was just like bullshit. And then he was just like, oh, yeah. I think it's great. You didn't know. Like everyone knows that. That's the first thing I said to him. But he brought it up like those were the worst. He seemed shocked. He seemed like, what are you talking about? And my friend was like, oh, shit. Yeah. Like, oh, yeah. I'm just kidding. Yeah. I have to say quick thing before we go. I am watching. First of all, my bland has been amazing. Oh, Dave, Dave crosslands been watching. He told me it's so good. Yeah. My bland is awesome. Dusty. You'll love it. And then also the studio. The studio. Watch the studio. Seth Rogan's new show. I like Seth Rogan. It is absolutely fantastic. Seth Rogan plays a guy who winds up as the head of a movie studio. So it's full of camiose. Okay. Because everyone else in it is real. Right. Right. He's like the head of a movie studio and he's a kind of bumbling. Because he's like throwing this job. He's like, oh, my god. I'm the head now. I ought to kind of out of nowhere. And everyone else is a camiose playing themselves. Fictional versions of themselves. It is shot. That's so to 30 minutes. They're super high-paced, nonstop. And we are completely absolutely. We think it's a best project Seth Rogan's ever done. Wow. It's fantastic. Wow. And it's fantastic. So watch the studio. You'll love it. And that's my TV review for the week. We're still finishing White Lotus. That's a story. So fun. Act like Shell. Yeah. Before the last episode, you in Victoria have to sit down and you have to place some bats on who's going to die. Because you know someone dies, right? Yeah. Oh, my god. Season two was epic. That's what a great ending. We can't. I don't want to give it away for anybody. But that was epic. Such a fun show. Yeah. How far in are you to season three? We're we're getting there. We're at that point here. So here's our evolution of a TV show. We start burning through him hard, right? And we're like, oh, God. We don't have many left. And this is the last episode. So he's low at down. So yeah, we start. Well, we're going to watch something else tonight. So we kind of back off a little bit. Before we know it, I can't even remember what was happening anymore. Right. So it has Sam Rockwell showing up yet. Sam Rockwell. I don't know who that is. I don't know. I don't know actor's names. It's an actor. Yeah, it's an actor. He shows up in delivers an amazing monologue. So we're at the point where. So her son, the the massage therapist son. He is just about to get in town. Okay. So we're like, I think two thirds of the way. Two thirds of the way. Okay. Okay. Okay. Well, you'll look up these guys. We're watching TV shows. All I watch. So yeah, yeah. Shorten egg. Sun is in that. So that's been. Yeah. Patrick sports and eggors and it is getting. Yeah. And I've been looking at it because they have. They have scenes like a him at the pool. And we've been trying to like, I know. You're analyzing the structure of this. It does he look like his dad at all. He's got the arms. Like he does. Yeah. He's the same height. I've met him. I've met him. So he's like the same. He's a tall guy. Broad shoulder. Yeah. And I think you could have the arms. If he would fill out. And I like how they've got him like making protein shakes. Yeah. He's in the fitness. Yeah. Get him a little pre-mo. Some deep on the office. Yeah. Yeah. A little pre-wise in Thailand. He could go get some good stuff. All the only one. Yeah. Yeah. I thought they'd write that in there. Maybe makes it trip to the pharmacy. His sister at one point is like, we all know you take steroids. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Well, look up Sam Rockwell. All right. Amazing actor. And do you let me know if he's shown up here? I don't know. I think he was he was he the friend of the friend. Yeah. Who lives in Thailand. He watched that episode. That was the last episode. Oh. That was the greatest out-of-left field monologue. He starts talking and Emily and I are like, oh, he's shit. He's like, so what have you been up to? Well, just let me tell you. I'm not gonna rap it all. Just delivering it like it's nothing. Nothing. Yeah. Amazing. Dusty will love it. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Thanks. And I guess in real life Sam is married. You know the three girls that are on the girls trip? Yeah. Yeah. One of those is Sam's wife in real life. Okay. All right. So she was cast on the show. And as they were writing the show, they were like, oh, well, Sam Rockwell. It could fly out and do a cameo because he's wife's already on the show. And then Sam, I guess, had input. He's like, I got a character if you guys. And he had like, he did that. He did some input there with them. They were like, oh, Jesus. And then Sam had a lot of input on that model. So he like, Sam Rockwell, somebody then I assume. Yeah. Well, he's Oscar winning. He was a tombstone. He was all he was. He was a moon. One of my favorite sci-fi movies ever. Okay. He's been in a calm, amazing list of crazy Oscar winning. Movies. If he looked up Sam Rockwell, he's just an absolute ace of actors. Yeah. Yeah. Victoria started talking during that scene. And I was like, because it was right at the beginning of him getting into that. And I was like, no, hold on. That's a good song. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, yeah. No talking. Long now. Let's go the bathroom. This is unacceptable. Yeah. Okay. Yep. Okay. Thank you very much, guys. Remember, it's just body building. Like, share, subscribe, comment. And. Check out. You got to. That's what my new one. That's your new one. I can't come off and then use them as the bell. I am mutant.com. Good. I am mutant.com. Get your right. Search get your all in. And never want to get on the gear. And the BCA's. Yeah. Don't forget the BCA's. Okay. And thanks for all the questions. All the Patreon, all the YouTube questions, everything. We love it. Thanks for keeping us in the algorithms. And remember, it's just body building. Okay.