on the American military looking at testosterone supplementation for soldiers from a point of view of elevated levels. So, birds, the holders. Yes, super soldiers. 200 to 250 milligrams per week. Tren, trent, lots of trent, that's a secret. Oh, dude, I wouldn't want to fight soldiers on trend. Would you? Mm-hm. You know what I'm saying? Like, if you had your choice, if you had your choice, there's like a bunch of soldiers, and they've all got the same guns as all these other soldiers, but the other soldiers are on trend. I don't want to fight the trent soldiers. You know what I'm saying? What's up, guys? Welcome back to the podcast with Dave Crossley. I'm Scott McNalean. All of our programming is brought to you by Evalbloodanalysis.com. You can get your labs done by Dave if you're in the UK. And hey, listen, if you're on cycle, you should definitely be getting your labs done. So hit, Dave up. We're brought to you by Patreon. Thank you guys for your support over at Patreon. You guys are the frickin' best. And you get priority on all of the questions and everything we are brought to you by trentetrician.com. Use our code, think over there. SupplementSource.ca for our Canadians' great deals that change week to week in StromSports.com. Go to StromSportsMetrition if you're in the UK. Get some good, cycle support over there. Mm-hm. Don't you... Strom, US loan, Steve, it's a day. Oh, yesterday. Oh, okay. Well, check them out in the US too, guys. You can do that. How about that, huh? I'm not sure of any links or anything, but I saw a post from Rick saying that he had launched in the US as a... Well, there you go. There you go. They've always had a great line of health supplements in great stacks. So I think this will be really good for, you know, companies like Revive, they need a little competition and it's good to see Rick bringing that to him. So listen, we got a bunch of listener questions, Steve. We, yeah, what's that? No, no, you just say they need competition. You need a little competition, you know? That competition man drives the market. You know what I'm saying? Sometimes. Mm-hm. We've got a bunch of listener questions. We've got a main topic today, which is EQ. Is it going to be the new Primo? Now that Primo is not available anymore, and at least for now. And of course, if you guys want to take part in the next show, then comment below. Guys, the show has been doing fantastic. And I have to think all of you for commenting. Even the people who've commented who don't like us and said that we're terrible, we appreciate you guys, because you're helping us to do our thing. We're terrible. They're not wrong. No, no, no, no, no, no. We're not wrong. We did have a guy who, again, who was like, I, I, I supposed to listen to this guy breathing into his microphone for the next hour. Good job. Yes, you are. Yes. No, no, no, no. Next question. Oh, and we had somebody called you out about your car too. So we got a gear head. So we're going to have to talk about that one today. But let's cover this thing with EQ, man. So what's the deal is, you know, let's first talk about it. You know, everybody kind of ditched AIs, right? Like going back in the history of bodybuilding when I was younger, everybody used to ton of AIs. They thought it was like completely innocuous. No issue, right? And then they realized, oh, man, maybe AIs aren't a good thing. And there was a big push, especially from TRT people, to not use any AIs. If you're running huge, super physiological levels of tests, you gotta have some sort of estrogen control to some degree, at least in a lot of cases, not everybody, not across the board. But now the new thing has become pre-mo. They're like, man, I don't touch AIs. Terrible for you. But I'm going to run a gram of pre-mo. Problem being man now, pre-mo supply has been temporarily halted. So what's up? Yeah, both pre-mo must seem to be thin on the ground. I think things might be improved in, but I don't think it's going to fill it down to the grass roots for a while. Yeah. And EQ has shown to have anti-Eastogenic effects. What I find, and this is not research-based, this is just literally looking at bloods. So I accept that there is always the caveat that the person may not be using EQ. But what I find is that it's anti-Eastogenic effects seems to be extremely varied. The one good thing about EQ from a manufacturer point of view eats liquid. So it can't really be replaced from source with anything else. Obviously a lab can, but anything is suspension. Right. And fire out the door, but the supply up end of it, EQ will turn up as a liquid. So if it says with a powder, you know, it's EQ. You've talked about the raw material. Yeah, the raw material. So it's start as a liquid. So at least there's some assurances there to a small degree that the labs can go, well, yeah, it's liquid. It's most likely going to be EQ. But yeah, I've seen the East Asian response to be incredibly varied, ranging from what would appear to be a slight increase in East Asian, but nothing dramatic through to nothing at all, down to absolutely destroy the East Asian levels. Beyond even the stuff that I see from Primo and everything out, it does work. It seems to be an absolute led jammer. I don't seem to have any indication of those to affect or anything, it just seems to be really wild and really varied. Whether that's driven to impart by drug quality, I'm very easily be, but beyond that, I have no real idea. I know one of its metabolites is an extremely effective AI. But it's not produced from what I've seen in significant quantities to really be the driving factor here. So, and I know there's been discussion around it, possibly lowering a one and I've been more of a different effect on the over-eachogens, which then somehow has a role over effects on you too. But I'm not losses to what is really going on with it and why there's such a variance in people so it's effects. Well, listen, man, if so, let's look at just testosterone. And this is just me kind of free ball in it for a minute. Not everybody converts the same amount to estrogen, right? So, you put somebody on 200 milligrams of testosterone, one guy's going to have high estrogen, one guy's going to have low, one guy's going to be in the middle. So, it end-dht, the same, right? So, all these conversions are going to be independent of each person. I wonder if there is something to that. If there's a metabolite in aqua poise, it does function as an AI, maybe some people are better at converting to that than others, you know? It's just how the range of effects is so dramatically different. Yeah. I mean, off, your example, 200 megapest. Yeah. We can see normal estrogen, we can see slightly low estrogen, and we can see elevated estrogen. But the scale of range is not super dramatic apart from a very rare occasion of as the estrogen super high with somebody at that solid dose in. Sure. So, generally, the estrogen is quite predictable. You know, if it's going to be up, yeah, it's going to be up, or it's only going to be 20% of both upper limit. Yeah. Whereas EQ stuff, it seems to range from nothing at all to destroy an estrogen on a gram of tests. And then there's also a variability in this. So, I'm the same as you, as far as what I've seen. I've seen some people that their estrogen gets leveled. In other guys that it seems to not touch them, I think then two, one of the variables is that not everybody I work with is all using the same doses. You know, we may have one guy who say does really well with testosterone. And let's say that he's been using 875 per week. We add in 300 EQ. I wouldn't expect that 300 EQ to be a drop in the bucket for reducing estrogen from 875 test. You know, but on the other hand, maybe if we have another guy who's doing, say 300, test 300 EQ in 300 mast. There's a possibility that he's going to get hammered. You know? Yeah, I mean, obviously dose is always going to play significant facts during it. But I'd even look in all these, and there's a myriad of variables, the levels seem to swing very wildly. Yeah. And it's an odd one. I don't really have an answer for people I'm afraid. I wish I did. Have you been supposed to clever skull about it? No, we haven't talked about that, but it would be a really great topic to dive into. As a matter of fact, I'll text him after the show and see if it's something he'd be interested in looking into. It is. It does seem to be incredibly varied, so I would be really interested to know what clever skull things. Yeah. All right. Well, listen, like I said, we have a bunch of questions. And now I know you're not presenting this information as this is fact across the board. But you sent me a couple of cool texts earlier today about estrogen and red blood. Thick, thick blood. So what was that all about? You had a few studies that you were looking at. Yeah, it's sometimes right or wrong. I'll have a daft idea, and then I'll just wonder often see if there's anything to it. And sometimes I just not even a daft idea, it's just, oh, I wonder. So I was wondering whether Eastgen had any driving factor in blood thickening. We know testosterone increases in the global. We know that, you know, this is obviously. Um, does Eastgen, did Eastgen have any impact? And so I started to have a sniff around. And from what I can see now, first thing lets bear in mind that these studies are even animal models over in women. I haven't found anything in males as it stands. And I'll say the reason I just haven't found anything yet. And the general finding was that low Eastgen potentially promoted blood thickening. OK. And elevator Eastgen was at least neutral if not reducing off hemoglobin. Um, but there was a very strong sort of caveat to a whole that, you know, things like iron levels players significant role. And obviously in the female studies, menstruational cycles play a significant role as well. Sure. So it was by no means, you know, deaf and a ball pretty much every study suggested the elevator Eastgen was either going to be neutral or lower blood thickening, lower hemoglobin levels. Um, and it was, like I said, very early findings. I was just sniffing about. So I just fired you free over that. I just stumbled across that were a load more than I was working for. Yeah. It's interesting. It is interesting. Yeah. I'm going to take a little bit deeper and see if there's any more. I doubt I'm going to come to any real world conclusion on it. But though the female studies, obviously, there was the issue with iron and menstrual cycles, the animal models didn't have that problem. Yeah. And the animal models support the same trend. So is it happening? I can't say is there enough there for it to go? It might be. Yeah. I think there's definitely enough to have an interest run. Oh, that could actually be a factor here. Hey, you know what? Because I just jumped topics. I figured we jumped to that. I just wanted to mention that and then go into our listener questions. But you know what I should have asked Dave? I should have asked this about the tests or about the EQ scenario. So if somebody wanted to figure out, it does estrogen work as an AI for me. How would we go about in experiment with that? Because I feel like a low dose would probably make sense, right? Depending on what your experience level is. But if we have a lot of guys that aren't doing a lot of gear, let's say they're running their cycles at 3 to 500 milligrams of test per week. You want to find out if EQ works as an AI for you. What do you think an average dosing would look like in that range for that amount of tests? Well, the first thing would be you'd need to run the 3 to 500 for about 5, 6 weeks. So the U.S. peak plasma and therefore peak estrogen conversion. You may have historical stuff that you can use as a baseline for that. So that might help. Sure. And then I'd probably start with maybe a 50% ratio. So like if you're doing 500, then maybe 250 of EQ. And then the anti-SUNIFICs get to be quite rapid, I would suspect. Really, you don't think that the aqua poise would have to build up to get that. There's obviously going to be the peak plasma point that again is going to take 4, 5 weeks and I get that do. But at the same time, it's going to be active within 24, 36 hours. Your body's going to metabolize and it's relatively quickly. So you've got something out of your head now? I think if you have to two weeks of EQ saw a no Apple drop in estrogen levels. So I know, but I'm saying 20, 30 points. Then I think you're on to something and then it would be a case of running it for the 4, 4, 5, 6 weeks and then checking again and see where it plots out at it for plasma level. 20, 30 points in your scale goes to what 150 in the U.K. Yeah, yeah, roughly. So if you're going to 150 and we go to 40, then maybe 5 to 7 points. If you saw that kind of drop in the U.S. 7 point drop in a couple of weeks, then you know you're on to something. Yeah, I would say so. Yeah. All right. I just figure we should give them a take-home. You know, having you could potentially, if you're concerned about estrogen in the short term, you could run something like Nova Dex as a, just, I mean, war retention and all that crap. Yeah, it's not great, but at least we know that goes once the estrogen is sorted. Obviously what we don't want is guy, no. Yeah. I'd be happy for a baseline of Nova Dex just to protect against that until because it's not going to lower these levels. Yeah, yeah. All right. So you're going to be able to see the actual effect on the estrogen without Nova Dex, still keeping you safe from going up. Yeah, I think that makes a lot of sense. Guys, I got to take a break to do the whole lecture, subscribe thing, but I also want to say thank you to you. The internet's kind of a weird place, at case you didn't know. And I'm glad that we've put the community together that we have. I'm grateful to read your comments. In fact, I know a lot of YouTubers that don't read comments. I read all of them and I try to get back to everybody. So if you comment, I will see it and I'll try to get back to you. Also, the like button is absolutely free of charge. You don't have to pay anything to hit it and it does help us out of ton. It's not going to like push us into your algorithm, but it will help other people to hopefully find the show. So if you like our stuff, please try to help us out. All right, so listen, like I said, we do have a bunch of listener questions. We'll dive into those and let's see. So I know Dave too, you're going to be away next week. We're not going to have a show next week. I'm going to be away. You're going to be away. You've got to think you're doing. You're doing a thing. Are you allowed to say what you're doing? Yeah, yeah. So Jamie, the giant Jamie Jahale, Jamie Christy and Big, what a lovely name he's using. The diet. Yes, the giant is doing a charity golfing event in aid of prostate cancer awareness. Okay, okay. And we're going to go with Van. Now he's playing golf from effectively seven o'clock in the morning till about 10 o'clock at night. Okay. So he's doing four 18 round holes of golf back to back. Wow. Yeah. Um, that's going to be one saw back. Um, so we're going to do blood testing. We're offering the prostate tests at our normal price, but we're basically donating all the profit to the charo. Are you doing like a finger in the bomb right there? No, just a blood test. You're trying to. I thought you're doing like a finger in the bomb test right there. Don't bring your fantasies into the show. Okay, it's just no need. We're going to do a finger in the bomb. Me might what he might want to after the end before. That's a golf. Ha ha ha. Just to wake them back up. Oh yeah. Just just to see this any feeling life. Yeah, so I mean, where in March, it was counselor awareness months. So we did free prostate cancer tests all through March. Okay. Um, and so this one, we're just going to be donating the profit to the charo. We're going to be that 10 or two issues of four hours. So you're not golfing. That's what you're telling me. Are you golfing? I am with Billy Connally on the golf thing. Who's Billy Connally? Billy Connally is a Scottish computer. Billy Connally is. I either. Now, I might know him by face or something. I don't know people, famous people and stuff. He's he's comedian, a Scottish comedian. Okay. And he says that golf is a good walk ruined. A good walk ruined. Okay, yeah, I could see that. All right, I'll take that one. All right, so questions. Oh, yeah. This is interesting, man. He says, uh, oh, no, this is a different question. Sorry, there's there's one somewhere in here about removing his test. He's saying it's saying we're moving his testicles. He's using debol instead. No, we do that on our own just by taking gear pretty much. Um, yeah, but we'll find that one using debol for his extra. Okay, so he says, tried 10 milligrams of debol per day to my 750 tests and 600 EQ. But I got sick every time. Can people, are there people that just could not handle orals and can I try Winnie or Anna draw instead to see if that's any different? Hey, would help if we have some clarification on what got sick means. Good point, you know, what sorts of sick? If you talk in dodgy stomach, it's probably just the oral stress on the stomach and that's going to happen with all the oral. Yeah. And if it's, um, if it's, um, a number form of sickness, then I don't know. So, someone's just asking a chat about the details of the charity. Oh. In case I want to donate, so I just want to update you so you can put it in the do-borey diggy finger underneath. Okay, and that will be out in time too, because we're putting this this will be out next Monday. Yeah, this is Tuesday. We're doing it. Yeah. All right, cool. So it would be just in time then. All right, let me see what else we have here. Yeah, and I wonder, man, um, what does that mean sick? If he feels like, like, really, like, he's dealing with, I'd also do man maybe look at your labs to see what's actually happening here. I mean, no, there is, I would be surprised that this is a stretch, but there is the potential of the extra on the bike load. This is too much for his immune system and he's already dealing with something. And he's tipping over the edge, but I think that's a stretch. Obsthetist movement would be just the orals. Yeah. Which means you're going to get probably the same effect with any oral. Um, beyond that, I'm obviously, but I don't know what it means about sick. It's very difficult to be more clear on it. At the end of the day, if he's only talking to him at the ground doses, I think he can just try it. No, he could just try it, but I would try and rob a few tablets of a friend, rather than via full-tole, if you'd just having the potential that they may both be useless. Yeah. All right. Let me see what else we have here. We've got a bunch of stuff. And like I said, guys, you're welcome to comment with your questions. We'll tackle them on the next show. A serious question. I've been diagnosed with hip dysplasia. Um, about 10 to 15 years, two young to be eligible for a hip replacement. I love training, training. It's my mental health reset in coping with life mechanism. What could I run long term to help with the joint issues that won't wreck my health before I can go to get the operation? Do you guys, I don't think there's anything that's going to particularly help. You might get a little bit of the deca. Um, a cushioning effect, right? Well, I would just said, more, you're looking down the line of anti-inflammatory desire. So maybe TB 500 something like that's going to help with some information in the joint. Yeah. Um, but actual metabolic wise, I don't think there's, I mean, building muscle muscle in the area will support the joint that's for certain. Yeah. Um, but as to any specific compound, it depends. I suppose I'm what's getting aggravated at the point if it's attendant. And then you tell me, yeah, you're like your TBs and BPs and decara are obviously going to have a slightly positive effect there. Um, if the pain is something else, then no, I can't see it. I could see there being tendon issues. So I, I had, uh, my rot-wiler had hip dysplasia. And yeah, I'm familiar with it in a dog's, but not particularly in people. Basically the joint, you know, it doesn't enclose the shell. The shell is the shell. The bone. So it's open and it can just slip right out, which I can only imagine how freaking painful that is. Um, I think that, man, I know, you know what they recommend for animals is water therapy. Because it doesn't, you know, it takes the weight off of them. So if they can exercise in water, that's helpful for them to be able to stay as active as possible. I wonder man about getting it done privately. You know, Ron Partlose talking about getting a hip replacement. He talked with Mike Mike Van Wick who had both of them replaced Mike was like, listen, I'm just, I just went and paid out it for it out of pocket. Because Canada, the health system there, they're going to like have him wait forever and all that. But he just was like, you know, screw it. This is important to me. He paid for it. Uh, Scott Stephenson had both of his hips replaced. But that's an expensive procedure. I wouldn't imagine. Yeah, it was like, I think 10 grand or something like that. Oh, no, as much as I thought it was going to be over that, so be honest. I think that's, I think that's, I could have just honestly, Dave, I thought that's what it was. But I may have just made that up. Like, I may have literally just thought that sort of wasn't set it. I don't know why, but yeah, somebody else might know better. Um, all right, got a bunch more, um, okay. What's the best thing to do for raising your age, DL? DL obviously plays a role. Yeah. I'm going to drop. So good HDL sources. Avoiding compounds or supplementation with state supplementation, I mean, stuff like that. It's that upper tick of the HDL aggressive. Yeah. So pre-mode, mass, the DHDs in general. Um, and then obviously A-dex. Uh, there's a number one aroma seen is obviously much Jennifer on lipids to that health. Good HDL sources in your diets, eggs, or the fish, avocado, healthy fats, uh, and then supplement wise, eye preferred krill oil, uh, just because the eats, um, fossil lipid base of its absorption is much better. It's bioavailability is much greater. Um, citrus burger more. And you can do something called pollin therapy, which is one of gram of a liposomal vitamin C. I'm five grams of lysine at twice a day. Okay. Cartering will bring those numbers up. I don't know how beneficial that is, you know? I've seen huge jumps. So when I was, you know, on off cycle, nonstop basically, uh, while competing, my HDL was like stock at 25, man. Like just prick and stuck there no matter what I did. And when I ran Cartering, I was able to bring it up to like 38 within six weeks. I've seen very impressive improvements with Cartering. I'm still on the fence with the cancer stuff. And I, I, I, I get the, you're dedosing arguments and everything else. We have this every time the word is mentioned. Right. Um, and I agree. Yeah, you know, that that's the study dosing was way way in excess of what you'd see or use. But it still makes me just start a little bit unprehensive. Yeah. All right. I can respect that for sure, man. Especially when we're now talking stats of one in every two people, getting cancer at some point in the life. It's, uh, you know, those, those odds are pretty real. Yeah. There was an interesting thing Victoria was telling me about with animals, dogs, dogs being more likely to get cancers. Uh, and then humans and, and or excuse me, dogs were more likely to get cancer now than they were in the past. And she said that they were looking at the relationship to past decides. And that dogs have a greater exposure to past decides than humans do. And, and I guess that that was a factor. So do they though? I guess. Yeah. I, I don't, I didn't see, this is like in passing during a walk. She mentioned it in our name. Yeah, I'd see. So obviously animals, animals like dogs going in fields and stuff is not really commonplace because remote will ground air, most farmers will shoot the focus. That's also bad for their health. Yeah, but I was saying that food exposure for a human to pesticide treated foods is probably pretty high. Yeah, I don't know. Is there, does the FDA or FDA and the US do we have different regulations? I don't know. And then we do have like everybody's doing long treatments here. So, and you know, in the suburbs and we have a little signs don't you dog walk on the lawn? Yeah, I don't know. I just, I just got me thinking that it's their exposure greater than humans. I don't know. Right. How about this one? Um, which would build more muscle? A total of 500 milligrams of gear being 500 tests or 250 tests and 250 pre-mo or mast. Test. Yeah, test. 500 tests and three I use a GH versus 250 tests and pre-mo or mast. That's still say test even more with the GH. Yeah, I mean, I think the GA if you exploit the increase recovery, I think you'll see better progress with the GH in play. If you don't exploit and cover you may potentially just see less body fat with the GH in play. But to me, I, you know, this, this whole unaballixer equal products, fuck off. If they were they would never have developed the alternatives in the first place. They were in a stop for one. Yeah, exactly. And I know for a damn fact from personal experience that in the case. So yeah, no test definitely tests on those choices, test I personally think. My scale would be test test and mast test and pre-mo. Yeah, how about how about 250 tests, 250 DACA versus 500 test? I think the deck in my edge it. Little more. But I do think the dosing couldn't be a fact to hear. How about 250 tests in 250 and a draw per week? Obviously, and a draw split up orally per day. So it'd be like 35 or something. Say federally. Oh. Basically taking that 250 test replacement with 250 draw. So the, well, to be fair, I think that's an unfair advantage because 25 total test is going to give a greater unaballixed than the 250 and 50 and of our day. I'm sorry, Oxford 35, obviously, daily for this simple reason is that's 35 milligrams of day over a constant 500 milligrams of, you know, over a day in the weeks now. But the total plasma level of animal lakes at 500 milligrams of test is going to be way above the total because the out of the oxy is in and out in a day. Yeah. So you're not getting a compound in effect? How about 250 test? What? 250 trend? But having, oh, that would definitely more on that one. But having that, if someone can maximize the strength gains from the, Oxford, sorry, from the, yeah, the opposite, yeah. Yeah, I'm getting fucking mixed up today. Then you could actually see a progress, this a little bit greater than the chemical advantage, just because the fact that it's significantly going to increase strength on its own. I'll take that. I'll take that. Here was that question. I just started 300 mass 300 pre-mo. Think it about pulling my test and going to 20 milligrams of debaul a day. Any thoughts on how long I could handle this cycle? It's interesting, huh? I think you run into eastern general problems within six to eight weeks. In fact, probably sooner. Too much? No, not at all. Man, what about the metal estrogen from the 20 debaul? Pretty good. I don't think you see enough. Not against 300 mega of pre-mo, 300 mega master. Oh, you think you're going to block your conversion? Because you've, you've not only got the AI effects of pre-mo, you've also got the receptable looking from master as well. That's quite a dose against 20 meg, 20 meg, people. I know it's daily, but I still don't think you see enough. Yeah. I'd be interested to hear if he does it. I let us know. I think we've got combo, you'd potentially run into low-eached Chinese use on free-and-read mega tests to be honest. Oh, I think that's possible. You know, depending on the individual, yeah? Yeah, that's all that individual sensitivity. Stuff is shared as well, but yeah. Yeah. I work with a guy who, he's a guy who was dealing with like super-hyper-electin. Got that under control, but at 140 tests, his estrogen is at like well over 300. And he, which I wouldn't necessarily even issue with, but he doesn't feel great on that. Like you, he's like low-lebito, stuff like that. We are going to try leaving the test where it is and adding in some pre-mo. And see how he does with it. Thankfully, he had a stash of pre-mo so he doesn't have to rely on trying to find a new supply of it. You know? Hmm. That's your numbers, you know, 150 being top-end. He's at like three something. And it's just feeling off to him. Having you tried your glucone? We've messed around with that. Nice, something I think? Yeah, he's, I think, meeting, he's got an interesting situation. You know, sometimes there's those exceptions to the rule. Oh, always. Yeah. He is definitely a, like a far exception. In fact, I'm even kind of thinking with him. He might do okay with like 300 pre-mo 300 EQ 150 test. We're going to find out that we're only going to add in one thing at a time, you know, with the test. And is he, is he so free-negative from the high-eachage and or is it more of a number three and a number three and a number three? Yeah, no, yeah, he doesn't feel, libido is low and he doesn't feel great on it, you know? Something's, something's off for him. And it's, it's been a long-term thing for him. So we're trying to get to the bottom of that. All right, what about using a statin to control LDL during the cycle? From a point of view of theory and effect, yeah, would, it would work. You know what, I don't understand. We completely honest with you because I, I'm hesitant to use drugs if we don't need them. And I'd much rather, we've talked about it. You've mentioned it numerous times day of a people-heading scene the show, where like between your cycles get that cholesterol into a good place, knowing that it's going to get adulterated on cycle. You know, there's that aspect and I, I've been able to find good success with that overall to the point where we haven't needed statins. One of the side effects of statins is heart attack and stroke if you come off of them. Now, is that a side effect because your body's, your cholesterol gets, like, crazy after you've come off of it? Or is it that you needed a statin because your cholesterol was so crappy and now it's going back to what it was, leading you to have a higher risk of heart attack and stroke. Me, don't I, man? There are people that genetically will suffer with elevated LDL irrespective of how clean their diet is. Sure. So there is that element, port. LDL being a major problem from metabolic use isn't something I genuinely see if diets in point. The main issue I see from metabolic use is the reduction of HDL. Yes, and a vowel increase LDL and certain unavikes will have a more impact on raising LDL, but most people will control the LDL with their diet. And I'd have pushed something like Reggie's rice or nice, nice. So for someone, my brain, I mean those are disrespectful to the person who's asked the question in the slightest, but my brain or my legos is, is this just because you can't be asked or in your diet? Because they said, someone to genuinely avail the LDL problems that they can't manage through diet and basic supplementation, I find to be very rare. I have had a few people that have been there, but in general, most people can manage it quite well, we just have an adhesive diet and those that have problems, ED issues, usually because their diet's not where it needs to be. Now, I'm not saying, I'm not going to start with a pedal and say, your diet should be perfect, you should manage it with diet, because the drug is this, the drug is there and the drug does low LDL and if you can't be asked or in your diet out, then yes, you could medicate some of that risk away by using statins. But statins aren't the safest compound on the planet, either, they can have quite a substantial list of side effects and issues with statins is quite common. In fact, when people are prescribed, statins, very often they may have to try three or four different ones before they find one that they can get along with. So, you know, it's not without these problems and I would start a considered it maybe in this case the cure could be as bad as the problem. When really all you need to do is sort your diet out. But at the end of the day, he's still your choice to drug does low LDL and if that's when you use it for your option is there, but I would definitely ensure you are well aware of the negatives from statin use before you make that decision. Yes, okay Francis Doyle Francis Doyle sounds like he's from the UK. What do you think? That sounds like a... Oh god knows you young some weird names. Yeah, yeah. Like what? Oh, you sound like you should be from Ireland as Scotland, McNally. McNally? McNally. Okay. Francis Doyle says at 54 and thinking about doing a cycle of test at 400, master 400 with a oxy, deba and anovar. Oh, all of those. Would this be a good cycle for mass and strength? Any help would be appreciated. I say pick one and that's a lot of orals to be given in there. Pick one of them I don't sign up to this a little bit of everything approach that some people do. Some people swear by and say that you know particularly orals 10 of this 10 of that 10 of that is a really great compound. I prefer to just stick with one person. But each to the run. I would be more leaning towards test maths and some MPP with with this age of 54 or personal. Yeah, like that. I like that a lot. Yeah, I'd probably go 300, 300 and maybe 75 MPP three times a week as a star. I'd be a bit reluctant on the orals. It does depend on how the effect is up at height. But and also we's not given as an endorsement on the orals. So that's the other question there. Yeah. Or any information on what he's done previously? Is this a big jump up? Is this sort of in line with what he's used to doing? True. If he's asking us like I feel like if you've done a lot of gear, you're probably not asking us should I run 400 tests and 400 masks with an oral. Do you know what I mean? Like you already know. I bet you that he is newer and in that case, yeah, I think I think even just dang man, just 300 tests or 400 tests on its own would probably if that were the case, would probably do a lot for him 400 tests and 400 masks. You do a lot with that too. Yeah, if it's not given first cycle, then we'll go back to what we always say. Test is best. Yeah. Watching the podcast is always my favorite way to kill time at work. So does that mean he's like time thefting is that's the term for that. We're helping you. You're just you're most be shit. This is fitness with Chris by the way. Good man. Fitness with Chris. Thank you for watching and your boss deserves every minute that you are your hard worker you deserve to get to watch the show at the job. He says makes my Monday or Tuesday 10 times better. Hopefully looking forward to seeing Dave getting my blood's done at eBay at fit expo this weekend. I'm not there. I'm at the PC at Universe in Whole. You love the pleasure of my wife. Did you just laugh at him? He was like, hey, I genuinely like the show. I want to come out and really meet you Dave and you're like, ha ha soccer. I won't be there. Is that what you just did? Yeah, I'm baso. You're going to meet Mrs. Crossland. This is much natural. Yeah, she is. Unfortunately, we've had to split up because we've got the PCI Universe on the same weekend. So I am in old for my sins. Though I am speaking of physics on the morning. What are you doing? Speaking. So basically, this is a bit of an eye. We've got to Charles going to bolt into physics with Simon, Charlie and a friend of us. They're taking the trailer. Okay. The trailer hire companies, rugers today and say the big trailer we normally have. We have to have a smaller one which might mean I might have to run to bolt and drop some stuff off because the mine are having enough room. Okay. Then I've got to go to Hall to Hall Saturday. Then I've got to come back to bolt and Saturday night. Take the stuff out for me or Saturday night. Then I've got to speak of physics on the morning. Then come back to Hall, finish off at Hall, then from Hall go to the lab with the blods and then come home and then Monday we're at all flex in rover. I stopped listening Dave. I'm going to be kidding me on this week. I stopped listening like four minutes ago. I just want to be. Is that, is that you think that's why that guy called me to see you next Tuesday because I say stuff like that? I agree with it. It's old enough. No. That sounds like a lot though. I was being kind of a jerk. Yeah. So I will be there some day morning to do a talk at 10 o'clock but I am literally running straight afterwards. So I do apologize for my absence but you will have my lovely Veda. You'll also have the joyous Zach on Saturday. Zach, how long will be there? Yeah Zach, I come with it and he's got his new diet in ebook out as well so I'll be up there. I'll be jumping them down about that. Is he bringing any ebook out? No. Why not? Because they're a handful. Zach's kind of a handful too so that makes total sense. Yes. Oh Dave says, please learn milligrams. I'm a bit of an outlier as I'd also add, please learn ester weights. 300 milligrams label test E. If correctly dosed is only 200 and 10 milligrams of active compound once the ester's cleaved off. Pretty much everyone is dosing their cycle wrong. You're doing it wrong guys. All of you. You're doing it wrong. I'm surprised this is never popped up as a subject on the show. We have talked about ester. It has and every piece of research ever done in the world is done on total weight as to where it's not considered when you're talking about antibiotics research at which is why we don't consider it. Yeah no you just know man you know you just know you just know like I'm taking 300 tests. If that's not doing what you wanted to do then guess what you do. Hope that that's you take 400. I didn't train. Yes, the trend. All right. I'm deeper. E 2 should convert to E 2 but it doesn't impact us. I'm using it now because mass disheartening it. So there was part of our main topic that was one of the reasons we had a number of people that were saying stuff like that. Linus Wilson says I think folks need to escalate doses slowly with blood work tracking at least total testing E 2. Big swings will likely result in big side effects regardless of the compound. Also you are just breaking your finger by pressing the elevator button as broader exercise jumping from 150 milligrams of test to 300 milligrams of test right away may not be necessary to make gains 200 might be good for the next three months. Technically right technically no I'm not so yeah I'm not I'm not disagreeing that I don't think a hundred 150 increases particularly significant when you look at blood plasma because if you say in that basically you're doubling you're circulating levels. So I'm not sure that a 50 milligrams is going to be that dramatic. It would depend on the individual now in point their diet and training is. I definitely don't think you need to track total test unless you've got concerns about the quality of the drug I think that's overkill you can do it if you want but I do think it's overkill. I don't think there's going to be any real knowledge gained from that you know you're dosing off your total milligrams is device to relate to what experiences you're having in the way of progress but knowing your eastern genie's handy for correct management definitely yeah I would say that from a muscular point of you 50 to 250 is not getting yield a huge amount but it will probably be beneficial in how you feel I think you'll get dramatic changes in how you feel but that's off of 150 to 200 yeah going from 150 to 200 yeah that's okay yeah and that's just assuming that everything else is managed correctly yeah so I think you'll probably get an impact in how you feel significantly but I don't think you're getting a huge impact in muscular changes and another thing is that when you start getting into higher doses the increases are much less impact in so for argument change between a thousand and twelve hundred is really noticeable or in this case between a thousand to a thousand and fifty would be nothing you know drop you you wouldn't know you wouldn't you might get that just simply by not measuring correctly a couple of your shots through the way you know so you know as you get into the higher doses the terms to see significant improvement due tend to have to be a little bit on the higher side yeah yeah I think you're right it's interesting Dave because you know years ago um people people were I feel like we always had the there's the attitude a lot of people were like hey hold hold on hold your horses we don't need to jump up that fast you know like guide us 500 and it says okay right now I'm gonna do a thousand you know so they're so they're yeah but you know now I almost feel like this may be in my personal opinion and this is just based off of experience too there's there there's nothing to tell us like oh no when you're doing a steroids cycle you need to increase from 150 to 300 in order to get enough like there's but I can tell you out of experience that you need enough of a jump to elicit that you know good super physiological blast like could you do better I agree with you man I bet you that if you'd always run say like you always did one fifty you know for whatever reason let's say one fifty puts you in range and now you add 50 and you went from a US you know 900 range to whatever you're slightly outside a range now you're probably feel better you probably will get better performance you for a while you know but I don't know if that's gonna be enough there's that minimum effect of dose conversation you know and I guess everybody's everybody's different and everybody has their own perceptions of what it takes but I I just in my experience and when I say my experience I'm talking about coaching full time for the last decade and five years before that's a 15 years of experience seeing people transform their physique literally thousands of individuals and I would personally say and just my experience with those people and myself I don't think that going from 150 to 300 to create a super physiological effect is crazy talk by any means in fact I would say that it's you know health wise I don't see there being much difference maybe you might need a little bit more management you know going to outside of that normal range doubling your dose maybe your estrogen is going to be a little bit higher than it would have been you know it 200 but it might not even be a problem for you I just yeah project tends to do his doses on milligrams per kilo anyway okay so it's weight driven with him and he prefers a high TRT or 200 300 anyway so I'm not sure on that from I think the problem with all of this is that the nature of people involved is in this really years extremes sure so we go to extremes and both ends and what tends to happen is we go extremes one way and then that triggers a cowherd for ends up being extreme in the opposite way and I agree that you want to be using the minimum to get the job done always the minimum to get the job done but I also think that you know going from a 150 dose which for a lot of people is going to like you say put them at top into an actual range or just above going to 200 is going to have the same negative health wise as going from 150 to 300 but you're going to see a much more productive cycle at the 300 dose and you are at the 200 dose yeah yeah that's my personal opinion anyway I decide with that I could see I agree with that man it's it's like the yeah you know when we've talked about like an of our see or a low dose of any or a 510 milligrams that yeah you're going to see a performance benefit but you're you're not going to see the muscle growth that we're looking for out of that super physiological the because that's a thing man is that we're looking to build this up to a drug like level you know well that's the other thing is you know what are you expecting what are you happy with you know if you're wanting a few pound of muscle then then crack on that's fine yeah if you're wanting you know my my biggy scales and my biggy cycle was over 50 pounds better light it is a lot and it it was painful doing it but at the same in lots of different ways but I bet that's growing like your own sex sites injection sites food train in the whole lot just that rapid weight game as well but so you know it a lot of it is as well what are your expectations what are you looking to achieve because there are people that all you can't gain more than something pound of muscle you have no you just got trained out you're funny it's you know that you can achieve more than people realize but it's safe isn't it we're not a failure if we have all these these nice rules the mean we don't have to work out and we don't have to achieve anything and we could still be clustered from Kristen. Bullocks. Bullocks. This Dave says, Bullocks guys a couple more here I didn't think you could donate blood if you're taking antibiotics at least in the UK that would disqualify you from donating blood now. Yes that is correct but any injectable drug user even tattoo is going to disqualify from donating blood but there are services where you can have a blood let which is the same thing and the blood is destroyed not use for anything. Also there's this little thing called mine that you can do. Scott please actually you know what in the UK now they start doing finger prick hemoglobin checks. Oh they do that here. If they're high they won't let you donate. Yeah they do that here too. So yeah but you can do I mean evildozy but I would not be anyone there are plenty of what this is the do it as well. Skip got turned away one time so I got turned away because my hemoglobin and it was too high and they told me now you get out of here you gear user they didn't know maybe they probably knew. I was a figure at the time. Skip got turned away because in the U.S. if you're donating blood you're not allowed to do that for therapeutic purposes. And Skip is a talker so you get him if he gets up to the register at the grocery store he's like oh and how's your day and blah blah blah and he's like I don't even care what her day is like I don't even care but I just been sitting at my house working on my computer all day and since so he starts it was kind of my skip accent. So he gets to it's close. I can do a if you give me time I can work into a good skip. Anyway here's the deal he is getting his blood drawn right either taking the blood out and he starts opening his mouth and he's like yeah you know so my doctor told me that I should come in and do this because it's good for my health and you know my numbers are a little bit hot and they're like oh wait you're why are you here and he's like yeah you know my get my blood numbers down. Hey well let's see if I don't have the blood's usable it's still donations so what is not on you got to do it out of the goodness of your heart only if it's for medical purposes for health they can't do it so she said oh I'll be right back and then she came over with somebody else and they pulled that knee right out of his arm patched him up and they're like we can't do this you gotta go home mid mid blood dump. That don't make any sense to me it's all. No yeah yeah you're not allowed to here for therapy it purposes. If the blood is viable what differences it make around the reason the blood donation benefit they have blood stock you benefit you get rid of some blood I don't see the issue I understand the issue it bluts too thick because he said not viable for use there's a donation sample but if the blood's viable for donation I don't see the cause it makes any fucking difference good. Yeah I think it's because it's a medical perpetrator like I think it yeah I don't know man you know whatever yeah but that's the deal just don't tell them that's what it comes down to. Oh we had one more good question here Dave says okay better update that transmission I'm not sure Dave knows as much about power to rear end transmission ratio as he does about injectable juice the power he's talking about will vomit a stock transmission in the street yard sale parts scattered everywhere. Right so quick rundown the engine is currently sitting at about 586 on the crank okay roughly got 17% power drop to the rear wheel through the drive train when the pro charge goes on it will be sitting at around high 7s to 800 crank and about 650 rear wheel okay the transmission in that truck is a ZF8 HP 70 that will handle around 700 rear wheel. Okay so it will take the power at that point granted it is going to be close to its limit I'm not going to be hard launching for very obvious reasons the car is not going to be the truck is not going to be set up for that type of driving anyway however the transmission is then on the cards to be rebuilt I have somebody in mind but it's just finances willing so yes I am aware and I have done some research and I have spoken to the powers to be the specialise in Dodge Rams basically what I can put through it what I can put through it and what my limitations are with driving but the engine build and the pro charge said it should be good that around a thousand crank if I want to go there maybe slightly higher under drive chain is in no way capable of handling that. And you did tell me before we've talked about it off the area like I don't know a lot about this stuff I'm just learning you want to talk to people that know more than you know. I'm deliberately keeping the ties I stock but I don't want to do a conversion to like a down or a T rear end or anything like that so I am going to be upgrading the shafts, UJs, ring and pinion and diff but again the real problem is when you are hard launching I'm these truckies not going to be launched hard at any point. Logging hard does that mean like ripping it off the go? Yeah because it won't grip there's no way over that back actually it's a big deal. So the idea is to have a car that will perform from sort of 50-60 mile an hour rolling. Oh okay okay you could always put some sandbags in the back Dave. No I'm not bothered about that I've kind of a car if I want to make sell the right heart. You just might be fun man just like like, like don't hit somewhere no. That's how you wreck transmissions. Yeah oh I could imagine man I could imagine. You got yes if I was a valid point but it has been considered. You got any advice for us today? You think Uncle Dave's wisdom? No nothing not nothing not acting I'm sorry I'm so Dave was at the dentist today guys. He literally came straight to the dentist he was like alright mate I'm home. He might even use those exact words because he's British. No I haven't got any doves advice. Okay I haven't even considered it at the moment. Well you'll have two weeks to think about it now. You got weed off playing golf but you need a giant. These off playing golf next week. I still a golf car. We totally totally do the show next week if it wasn't for Dave. But Dave won't. You know he told me you were off and then I was I because I actually got to be Dave's. I thought it was this week I couldn't do it and I realized now it's next week. Yes so I'll try to do something guys I'll put out and ask me anything. We'll do we'll do a live ask me anything the following one day so I am weak from the time you guys are seeing this so ask us got for his beauty regime and then do the complete fucking opposite. The opposite of that all the things ask me about how I like grew up and lived in my life to get where I am today I would probably take the first 25 years and do the opposite of all of those things. I just got lucky you know right at the tail end just kind of swung around you know and I did okay I'm still here you know things are not falling apart but it could have gone either way so yeah definitely I like that idea. I have some Dave's advice I've just thought something. Oh did you? No. All right which got for us. Caffeine drink as much caffeine as you can. Lied to your doctor about your hermaticrit. Get your sh- All these things. Caffeine. Oh were you going to say that drink caffeine? Drink caffeine. Oh I thought this is going to be like a legit thing where you're like guys you need to stop thinking about you know you need to not do not do it. No it's just a legit thing drink caffeine it's good for you. I thought it was going to be like guys you got to really cut back on your coffee and taking there's too much caffeine being used throughout the world there's this many kilograms of caffeine. Oh I'm just saying you're heart. Well she called the coffee guys we like yeah we love you as a matter of fact and we appreciate you tuning in as always leave us questions and comments for the next show tell us how we are wrong in every way that we are wrong we appreciate that you know helps to boost us up in the algorithm but we do appreciate you guys tuning in and hanging with us especially if you got this far into the show. It's a matter of fact Dave you know what CUBA's been doing on the show at the period of management. Oh yeah oh we could have gotten a man about it. It's just my statement. God what is CUBA being doing. CUBA's been saying like hey if you listened all the way this far through comment with a specific word to let us know that you saw this far into the show because not everybody watches the whole thing not everybody gets this far though by now they would turn this off you know found Fuhad or something better. It was a body built in the amount I don't know yeah Fuhad or something else. Watching crazy chat videos and you saw it. You can see that there's calling somebody out he's calling out you know Mike is her tell again you know they got to check that stuff out much more important. What's one word is Mike still being bunkers as he calmed down oh I don't know man I don't follow that I think I think it's an act anyway I don't think any of that's real you know I mean yeah maybe it is but it's also like it's a you know it's reality TV you know what I'm saying yeah I don't know comment with the word bogus bullies bullies oh no don't say bullies you know what dude somebody wrote boobies and so YouTube will automatically like take something that they think was not supposed to like like it was just a spam comment and they'll not show it and then I have to go through and find it and approve it it's like the it's weird man I don't know how about yeah say bonkers bonkers. Well they think that's a weird comment then. I don't know they might do it who knows with these freaking people. The earth is flop there you go. Okay one more thing did you ever hear the operator syndrome? I told you about that special forces video I it turned out not to be a great video wasn't mercy acting too for us but this guy was talking about how in the military in the special forces people they're getting more in line with prescribing TRT and recognizing the need for testosterone replacement in the military and they're starting to get more on board with that but they have a term for those high speed dudes that are you know just adrenaline overload in low testosterone they call it operator syndrome. I believe cops get it too. You know when you think something and you think I don't know whatever I read this I'm sure I've read this or heard this but you may have just made it open the dream and you had to be like when I said that hip surgeries were $10,000 you mean like that yeah I'm sure I read a piece on the American military looking at testosterone supplementation for soldiers from a point of view of elevated levels. Super soldiers. Yes, super soldiers. 200 to 250 milligrams per week. TRT. TRT. That's a TRT. That's a secret. Oh dude I wouldn't want to fight soldiers on TRT. Would you? You know what I'm saying like if you had your choice if you had your choice there's like a bunch of soldiers and they've all got the same guns as all these other soldiers but the other soldiers are on TRT. I don't want to fight the TRT soldiers you know what I'm saying TRT. That's right. And a side of halo. Yeah guys we'll be back. Leave us questions for the next show we appreciate you. David are you taking any new clients right now? I am yes. We showed you mentioned earlier in the show. Yeah because by this time we've only got three people left. I know well that's we're putting the weight on them those three people need to sign up right now. Yes I definitely have coaching space available at the moment. Bill is course is starting. More than well bed scores is starting pretty much straight away. So people are jumping on that as well if they want. All right reach out to Dave guys we got it as Instagram down below hit me up. McNally diets at jameel.com. Go to strom sport nutrition and check out strom in the US apparently also go over to truetutrition.com. Use our code think over there get yourself some protein some creatine and everything else they've got all your basic body building supplements as well as supplements sourced.ca 4 Canadians like I great deals it changed week. Thank you to everybody from Patreon and Eval blood analysis guys. Go over and get a thumb in the bum over at Eval this next week with jamey giant and Dave during this prostate screening guys we're another episode of podcast. Drugs and stuff we'll see you in the next video.