Hey everybody, welcome to It's Just Body Building. I'm Big Brown Part Loaf. Of course, we got Dusty Handsha and the producer Scott McNally. Remember to like, share, subscribe, comment, and ring the bell. Yes, and remember, I am mutant.com. Go to I am mutant.com. Get your hardcore ISO, get your MindFK, and everyone should get on the gear. Remember your code's Dusty and Big Ron save yourself money, get it delivered. Right to your house, super fast or delivery super fast. If you order it today, you might get it tomorrow. That's how fast it is. So it's your doorstep. And then what's the best part, Dusty, what's my favorite part? You don't have to see people. You don't have to talk to them. Nothing, didn't it? How's it going? How's your workuping, I saw it here. No. How much is left for help? Yeah, no loosing. Yeah. Yeah. What do you have to have? Any of those chitter chatters. Hey. Okay. You know, I have my that age now, Dusty. You know, I minimize the talking. Yeah. Okay. I love it. Very happy. I just love how stuff so easily deliverable. I have to make one admission before we get going on the show. I have, I like to pride myself on being someone who doesn't waste money. Right? Like I buy what I want, but I don't waste money. Sure. I kind of had an incident the other day I was very stubborn about my groceries. And I like to get my groceries. I'm not getting my groceries delivered like those lazy people. I'm getting my groceries. Right? I take pride in my supermarket walk. I got three aisles. I'm a machine, systemized. I'm on it. I like to clear my supermarkets. A nice place for me. It's a positive place. There's a lot of, you know, they got to calming elevator, cover tunes going where it's the song you kind of know, but it's not. And you know, you see a lot of, it's how I stay in touch with the regular person dusty. I go amongst them. Right? At the supermarket, you're amongst the normies. You're seeing what's going on in the real world. Well, I was out of some stuff the other day and I didn't feel like we were in the house. I was like a 830 and I just realized I'm out of peanut butter and coffee. And I need both of those things in exactly 12 hours. Badly. So I got to do a dash. Got on the door dash, dusty. I don't get out. I just disappointed. I got on the, are you disappointed? I thought you might embrace me for this. I got on the door dash. And I didn't just get the peanut butter and coffee. I thought, well, I'm doing this now. Get another bag of rice. Let's get some more bread. Let's get, I need some, you need some yams. Emily needs some vegetables. Let's get a little bag of those smart sweets that she likes. So I get some extra points when she gets home. She'll sugar free candies. I'll pay back. And I just wound up next thing you know 200 bucks for the groceries in Door Dash. And wow. A big bag, two big bags delivered to my door. And I think that it's like, he was with Steve. Yeah, there's too much dopamine from not having to shop. I think I might have got hooked. The first taste should be, I think they usually give you this count for the first taste. First taste. First taste is free just like the other things. Oh no, this one's on the house, but I'll see you tomorrow. Yeah, I know. And now what I really fear is that Emily sensed my weakness. And now she's like, I could stop on the way home and get egg whites. This pretend I forgot and Ron will door-dash them. So I'm worried that I may have created a monster. I had to get a good system because if I was Emily, I would like come home. I would be like, oh, get none. You had a pause first though. Like she's like, take your shirt off. She's getting my feet are so sore. I'm so glad I'm home. What a long day. Yeah, preamble. Yeah, hmm. Hit you with those things. She's also not wearing a shirt now. And she's on the couch. Comfortable? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Just dinner ball. Yep, yeah. And then she hits you with, uh, yeah. You don't we need egg whites. I forgot to get egg whites. Yeah. And you know what that also means. It means two things. Either Ron can be a good guy and go get them. Or. Right. Now you're done. You're now you're forgetting that by that point in time. I'm already in a tank top. Yeah. And I got to go socks on. So there's no, I'm not leaving the house by 9pm. That's down the elevator to the car. And it's a whole lot. It's in the runs of parking lot. Yeah. No. And because now it's so close that now I have to have that do I drive or walk to bait with myself. And that's another five minutes. I'm not having this. Hey, just the heads up guys. It looks like comments are not coming through for us. But we are getting comments rolling in. I'm seeing them because I went over on my other computer. And, you know, just a thing. So just the heads up. We got people we got people watching hang in with us. Oh, and we did have a thing. And you guys, are we all checked for the Olympia? Are you guys, do you guys have your suitcases? You got your clothes laid out? Like how's that going? It's going great. I have to pack a little extra because I'm getting married on Thursday. Oh. Yeah. Yeah. Getting married on Thursday, boys. Little heat, open, no one's invited. Perfect scenario. It is the, it's a, I know it is. I've done it. Yeah. Yeah. It's a great situation. We're amped up. We're going to day early. We're going to day early on. There's day just a two of us. Nice. And then it's Olympia time. So what do you think for this weekend, boys? That is going to happen. Is it bad that I already know what's going to happen? What's going to happen, Dusty? I want to, I want to speak in that way when I'm wrong. Everyone can come up. No, commitment. People respect commitment. I've got to go in here. And then they'll attack you and flame you for the night. Yeah, of course. Yeah. But what's that? What's he's, what do you commit in two Dusty? All right, here's my commitment. This isn't really a hard commitment, but I'm going to put him in order. All right. I have Nick winning the Olympia in Samson getting second. Boow. Boow. Whoa. Whoa. That's my call. That's my call. And I desire this greatly because the most important thing to me is to be Nick's mom's favorite podcast guy. Because after listening to Nick on our show, I'm slightly afraid of her and I'm hurt for it. Yeah. But no, I actually have a, I don't know, I got to feel. He just every time he posts a picture and we've all known Nick for longer than everyone else in the Nick. And every time he posts a picture, I have to stop and look at it. And I'm just like, what is happening here? Yeah. And then I went back and looked because people were putting them up. The New York Pro. And I looked at Nick and I was like, I still have him winning. And he's better now. Yeah. That's my take now. Obviously the, the part that could take me down is if Samson is peeled and remains full, then then I feel sorry for everyone else battling for second. Yeah. That can be a big problem. A big problem. A big problem. Sliced and holds fullness. Okay. That's a good prediction. So you got Nick first. Samson second. Yes. Who do you got? Let's, do you want to go three, four, five or just three or just four? What are you going to commit to, Dusty? Let's just go all in. Let's just go as big as we can. Let's go all in your picks. All right. I'm going, I'm going hot in third. Okay. Faith. I'm going reasonable. I'm going Derek and fourth. Okay. Four. Fourth. Current Mr. Olympia goes to fourth. No. No. No. Yes. Four more. Going to fourth. I'm just thinking he beat Nick, but Nick's. Yeah. So yeah. Okay. And fifth. I'm going bold here. This is, I'm taking my shot. I'm Jordan Hutchinson. Whoa. All right. I hear that. Look in freaking nutty right now. Yes. And I know that's a bold and part of it's just that I want to see that. But I, I don't know. I haven't seen him next to those guys, but I just, I think he's going to stack up well. And if I'm wrong and he does terribly and gets seventh, I'll be okay with it. Okay. Okay. Well, what about you Scott, do you want to go next? Well, I'll tell you what. I'm going to pull up. I took a poll this morning. We have, uh, I jeter. He's older. He's older. He's older. I want your answers. Okay. I'll give you my answers for this. I'll just get back to my answers too. I respect the question. I don't want to get the audience involved. You know, this is about them after all right. Right. So over at the YouTube page, I put up a poll this morning. I even got pictures out. And it only allowed me to pick four guys, right, to, or make four selections for this poll. So I added Samson, hotty, Derek, and Nick. And I said, who do you guys think is going to win? And then I also encourage everybody to comment with their top five. So here's what we've gotten so far. It's only been out for a few hours. 494 votes so far. We've got Samson at 45% Nick at 44%. Hotty is 6% and Derek at 5% people think that Derek is going to be out of, at least this grouping, the bottom of the pack. So I think they're right with you, Dusty. Man, that, you know, I've just heard, you know, so many things about what Samson's doing. I don't think that he's going to show up. He knows that he knows that he could lose this. He knows that he can't beat anything. I don't know what he's going. Yeah. He has to be his absolute best. Samson has some of the most incredible shape out of anybody in this lineup. Yeah. I think that, you know, I love Nick. I'm the biggest Nick Walker fan. In fact, the three of us had been Nick Walker fans since before it was cool. Back in the, back in January. Right now, in the whole world, Nick is the freak of freaks. Oh, he really is. Yeah. Oh, he really is. I think so many times that the freak of freaks doesn't get it to the pretty guy at the Olympia. I've seen that with guys like Branch Warren, for instance, like he's come in absolutely light, freaking out. Oh, no. I don't know. Classic any day of the week, you know, but you come to the Olympia and the way. Yeah. They, they end up going with the guy that looks like Samson. So I mean, God, I don't know. But if if Samson comes in, absolutely peeled with that conditioning and he has that fullness, it could be him all day long. That said, I think that Nick is going to show us his absolute best. Nick's not going to drop the ball on this. And no matter what happens, Nick Walker is going to have a freaking awesome presentation. Like this, this is going to be, like, I think that there is going to be more excitement in the audience when Nick comes out to pose than anybody else in this lineup. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. I think a lot of people forget one thing that like, you know, when you think a psychology, right? You think the psychology of the athlete, I think this is very, very interesting because Samson has this Samson psychology. I mean, I don't know, Samson really well as a guy. But he's dealing with all the criticism that he wasn't, you know, perfect, Mr. Olympia. Like you could have been very conditioning. You mean what I mean? Yep. You know, the old last year, but everyone's like, wow, it's conditioning. It could be better and he could be better and it back could be better. So he was also a lost yard old. And then he lost yard. There's that. Yeah. So he's dealing with all that. But I know that Samson has great people on his team. Yeah. That drive him to be his very best. I know that he's a smart guy who's fully aware of all of that. And I think he's going to be his very, very, very best. I think Samson's psychology is going to drive him to get better and be his very best. That's just what I think is going to happen. Nick, the interesting with Nick is people might not be thinking he has missed two Olympias in a row. Right? How aggressive must he feel to get on stage? He must be chomping at the bit. Oh, yeah. Like, like, race horse just can't wait to get up there. I can't imagine how he feels after missing two Olympias. Those two things to me, that's like the perfect NFL game. You know what I mean? Like, like the hungry as fuck frustrated as, you know, just cannot wait to get up there guy versus like the champ that knows what he's got to do. I just love that battle. And I think Nick is going to be, I said he's a freak of freaks. I think he's going to be freaky enough to be top two. Yeah, that's a, yeah. At the end of the day, Samson has the best structure of all those guys. He's got the best frame. He's six feet tall. 20 for in charms, 20 for in charms. Well, not like he doesn't have big arms, but Samson's front relaxed. Some of Samson's poses the shape of his physique. The way he looks in some of his poses. It's hard to beat that man when you're that guy. You know, like when you just said about the branch versus J, yeah. Yeah, I got one more hot take. Hold on a second. I got one more thing on the head in. Check this out. I don't think, and this guy, correct me if I'm wrong down the road, guys. I don't think that hotty or Derek will ever reclaim the Olympia. I'm going to say that right now. I'm going to say that right now. I'm going to say that right now. I'm going to tell you how to call in the future. I just don't think it's going to happen. I'm going to buy statistics. So yeah, the difficulty of winning, then losing, then winning it back. I just statistically, there's a lot of things stacked against them. I'll leave it in that. So here's my take. Hotty is always absolutely incredible. And he's not winning. Right. Yeah, it's not like he missed a little bit. Yeah. He's not showing up. Always glutes aren't quite in. It's never. It is always like, oh my god, hotty is perfect. Third. Right. Yeah. Because of that, I don't think he's going to win again. Everyone else would have to be off. Right. And then Derek, if he shows up looking like the Arnold, whoo. Now we're seeing this. Yeah, insane. Now we all look stupid. We need everyone to be 95% and him to be 102%. I think, where you're sitting with him to reclaim. With Nick and Samson, I don't quite see as like difficult of odds. Do you know what I mean? That's what I'm saying too. That's where I see it. I agree. 100% need to keep going. Look, I gave five. Oh, I need five. So I'm looking at the list here. And I'm looking at the list, by the way. I left Andrew off. So what's that, tell you? Yeah. So when I look at the list and you're talking about fifth, I'm looking at these names. And I'm thinking, you know, the only guys I can really think are going to pull a fifth here. If I'm being really honest with myself is Andrew Jack could pull a fifth. Martin could pull a fifth. I don't know. Like, I mean, you got Bretton there. We haven't seen him all year. Obviously, like, somebody's got Jordan Hutchinson. Like, Dusty said could be the Dark Horse. Bearer's to Bonnie. Yeah. Yeah. They, they lose unbelievable. I mean, Regans in the show who can be 12th and be the prettiest guy in the whole show. Or he's still the physique I would want. Yeah, still the guy would want. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I can't get guys like that. But when I'm thinking alike, who's going to come in and be in that top group? It's, I still can't get away from there's Bonak, Martin, and Jack. I just think technically statistically those are the, that's your top five and there's one of those guys. And it's hard to get around it. But I would like to see some new guard. You know, new guard's great. Yeah. So what about you Scott? I need your, your, oh, God. Fifth. I mean, I guess I know you're, would give, give us the third fourth and fifth since you didn't say that last. I feel like it's a toss up between Howdy and Derek if I were to go with, I mean, God, I told you guys before that that, Derek that we saw at the Arnold Classic was potentially the, if not the one of the best body builders I have seen in person in my entire life. You know, ever, like we are great. See, it's right in front of him. Those side leg shots were ridiculous, right? Like, if we were double, top of that, we're double. We're double in saying, you know, when I see him standing in like a front relaxed, I'm kind of like, I don't know. So the shots I don't like the way he holds them, but whatever. Yeah. I don't, you know, if man, we've seen him, he slipped, I think last year, and I'm just going back visually in my memory banks of seeing him on stage. We were disappointed. He lost that fullness in his legs. And then we saw him reclaim it, right? Three months, whatever, five months later at the Arnold is not like he lost size. He just didn't have that fullness. I don't think he's going to make that mistake again. I'm picturing all these guys in absolutely peeled condition. I still see how to over him. Okay. Yeah, I still see how to over him. And then fifth man, oh God, that's just an absolute freaking dog fight for fifth through eight. You know what I'm saying? Like, all of those places are great throw out some guys to me that I'm not thinking of, we've got Martin, we've got Brett, we've got Jordan is definitely like Jordan. I hear his looking absolutely insane. I don't think we're going to see Andrew Jack be able to, the Van Gogh Jack holds on to a fifth place. It's going to be because of his shape. I predict he's not going to be in good condition. It's going to be because he's a pretty physique. I predict that he is not going to be in the shape that we want to see him in. In fact, I'm a big Andrew Jack fan. I want to see him pick it up and actually win in Olympia. But I feel like just from what I've seen of him, what we've seen of him. I think that he's disappointing people and it's not going to be too long from now before people stop rooting for him. Flat out. That would be good for him. They stopped rooting for Nick. What happened? Yeah, there's that. Andrew's that. I'd like to see one of the nicest people I've ever met pissed off. I think that would be a scary thing. Andrew's like, like, when you see him, he's just dominating person to stand next to. He, yeah. And then he's like the nicest guy. So I always think that that's the guy that like pissed off would be pretty scary. So he is an incredible physique. I really think that he could win in Olympia. Oh, I really think he could. You know, those things, we all said kind of that everybody said the same thing about Sean Rodent earlier on too. Remember them calling him E.O. or saying that he was like, lax a day's a call, smoke too much pot and all that. Look what he did, you know. It's very exciting to be a top five though, did I? No, you have me sort of beat. I'm glad that I didn't have to say it. I'm like, you still haven't said a name. I'm gonna need a name. All right. I want to see Jordan jump up. It would be a lot of fun. I'm glad that I didn't have to say it. I'm like, you still haven't said a name. I'm gonna need a name. All right. I want to see Jordan jump up and fifth. You and me locked in with the fifth. All right. You know why I said him though. And it's not like first off. I haven't seen Martin in a year. Yeah. Yeah. So, so it would not hurt my feelings if he dusted his way into the top three. Yeah. So keep that in mind, everyone, as you're seeing these, you can't help but lean toward the guys you just saw. Yeah. We're at it's gonna be crazy. Martin's gonna be crazy. These things could all be off. But the reason that I get excited about Jordan is they, him and Chris don't miss and he gets better every single show. Chris has a formula, a title that is with all of his guys, but definitely with Jordan. I was just at the North Americans and I can tell you that there is not a coach that is more in for his athletes in the world. I mean, he was pacing at the show. He's coming back after the class, talking to us and I told him it was funny but his guy, I was like, I think they're giving it to the other guy. I was like, I don't agree with it. But I think they are. They just got into winning the overall. But he was just, he's just so in man. It's hard to imagine they'll do anything but skyrocket. So that's why I kind of see that going down. But we'll see if Martin's year away from me seeing him makes me apologize. Like I've had to do so many times in my career. My career of being horrendous with my picks. But, you know, saying all of that, like, and I didn't even put, I guess, Martin in up in that top five that I mean, God, he was over the last year. Yeah, he was. So he's better. You know, he's better. It's like, it really is like, you're setting yourself up to fail by giving these predictions because there's too many good guys. And we're imagining them all in the best shape, the shape we want to see them in. And the reality is going to be that some of them aren't going to hit. You know what I mean? And it's going to become very obvious once they get on stage. And it has nothing to do with, like, how great of a bodybuilder they are. It just happens to do with that one hour of that one day. You know, it's a, I think that's one thing that, that I can't understand because I've never been anywhere near that level is it's very impressive to me that guys who are that good that just stay totally relaxed. I mean, it's all on the line. And we're not talking about, I mean, we're talking about 600 K and an Olympia title. And just being like, I'll be fine. I mean, that's the attitude you have to have for your body to cooperate. And it just seems next to impossible. You know, and then you have cases like you said earlier, Scott, like Branch Warren comes in literally perfect. Just happened to bump into Jay Cutler at the second best look of his entire career. Are you right? Right. The best look. I agree about the mentality. I remember when I was doing the 99 Alberta's, I had to really focus on like winning the title and not just the color TV that they were given away. Okay, couldn't just same. Same thing. I had to just focus on the 20 inch TV. Oh, they give away a TV for real. 20, 20 inch. 20 inch. State of the art. New feet. Yeah. I got a 20 inch TV when I went to Alberta's and my buddy Bill carried it to my car for me. But I had to picture that like I could focus. I couldn't just think about that. That's he'd be that. And he would be lost to make me great. You know, you can't be motivated by by things and financial. You know, those kids watching this with 20 inch TVs in the screen of their car and their phone. Watching the 20 inch TV. Yeah. So you know, you have to really have passion. You have to really, it has to be for the title. You know, you have to think of money. Right. You just like drew my agents so strong there because I just realized that my daughters have 65 inch TVs in their room. It's a room. We have a 60 inch TV in our bedroom because it's the TV that isn't as good as the 55 in the living room. Like the brand new 55s in the living room and one of the bedrooms actually a little bigger, but it's not as good. You know, the walls to have them back then too, but they were those big projection. You remember, you're living room. Yeah. You can hide behind them. Two people, three people to carry it in. You got it. You do have to watch looking for the rewards. So my first overall, they always gave way of sword. Like a full size sword. Oh, yeah. Yeah. I had this whole plan after the show. I was going to win the sword. I was going to cut my carrot cake with the sword. Right. Yeah. Yeah. And this is before Instagram. So it does. And this was just for me. Yeah. And then they just brought me this giant like three foot tall trophy. I was like, we're going to cut that. Yeah. I can't cut a carrot cake with this. The video is a whole show was a waste. No, so that was. I was like, huh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Lay goes. Lay exactly. So I wanted to bring something up before we rotate off. Shonkharita switches full coaching. Yep. Wow. Like weeks out from, and I don't know when this actually took place compared to when they announced it. Good point. We're going to go short time ago. But I mean, looking at that, you know, what do you guys think? I mean, obviously they got great reasoning. Obviously, drew it's phenomenal. But what do you guys think? So Luke was at the Canada. And he was at the nationals in Toronto this year. Luke from the John Jewett podcast. Yeah. Okay. So I like walking to Luke. He's like, hey, where's our chatting? And he goes, hey, I'll show you something. And he pulls out a photo of Clarita. And it's right when John got him. And then like four weeks later. And I was just like, oh, we crap. What happened? And he's like, oh, he was just really depleted. And super flat. And John took over. And now this is what he looks like. And the two pictures were like, what am I looking at? Like, I don't understand how Sean looked like the first picture. I don't know what. Maybe there's just going hard on the diet or something. I'm not going to second guess or I'm not sure. It's anything. Yeah. But the way he looked in the second picture. And John's head was kind of behind him like this. And the second picture kind of like I'm here now. You know. Yeah. And I was like, oh, okay. There it's their Sean. And that's what we're looking at. You know what I mean? So it was crazy. I don't know. Like, you know, obviously diets go through phases. You write down it stuff. I'm not trying to say that. But I'm just saying that. He looks good now. That's for sure. Yeah. That was my first thought. Because I know that Stefan, I mean, he even said like on the show, he was like, I'm always a fan of getting people peeled. And we've seen that. We saw like the most peeled. I'd say the best Sean we've ever seen for sure last year. My guess is that if I were to try to side with Stefan, I would say that he was probably trained to just pull him down hard. And they hadn't got to the fill-up process yet. Yeah. There is. There is something to be said about your coach looking at you in person. I obviously we all do it online. I won my pro-card over text messages. Best look I'd ever had. I think depending on the person also is how you pick your coach. It's not necessarily who's just better, but just who's better for you. You know, I'm sure. And I feel like for Sean maybe having him here, he's already taken care of the training. Why not just give it all to him? Which, I'm really particular with that too. There's only a couple coaches that I will write training for their athletes since because I know how they feed so I can do my job. You know, like I've helped a couple of Chris's clients with their training because I know what Chris does, so I'm not worried. But if you're a coach and I don't, if I don't agree with how your coach does your food, I can't do your training because it'll be wrong. Yeah. Yeah. There is this. So I did realize there'd be a great thing. Yeah, yeah, he's there. So he's seeing him. He's right down the road. So I don't, I mean, I think it's very regularly that they're seeing each other. Because he's in San Antonio and Dallas. I don't know how far that is. But I see John and Sean's gym a lot. What ever that distance is, they're closing it. So let me ask you guys this. I think as from a coaching perspective, you have a literal top Olympian, Mr. you have an a literal Olympia winner come to you at like a month out from the Olympia. And they say, hey, you want to take the reins from here? Would you do it? He don't. I mean, like it's not the ball right. It would have to be the right spot. Yeah. And I would say 90 about Olympia guy. I mean, yeah, I just took an athlete to be the last weekend that eight weeks out. And I told him, I can't have you all the way ready. I can have you the best you can be in eight weeks. But I didn't have you ready. If you're okay with that, I'll take it. But I'm not going to speed this process up and have you lose size because you can to me too close to the show too fat. Yeah. Yeah. Don't typically don't like to take people close to a show. But I just took a natural guy who's four weeks away from natural nationals. He just did our show last weekend. And he looked good, but he just need to be harder. But everything's in the right place. And then he asked me to help him and I looked at his diet. And I was like, oh, you're just your calories are still way too high. Like you just need to diet harder. And you would be. So the physique was there. It wasn't like a giant overhaul. It was just you got to drop like eight pounds in four weeks. Who's got to eat less? Yeah. You just not eating little enough. Yeah. I'm going to have you eat less food and charge for it. Here we go. You know, what do I change? I was like change and I think you're diet. Here's your diet. Yeah. My point is is like it seems cool. I think to be like, oh, yeah, I want to get to coach in Olympian. But like get that throwing in your lap in the last month. Like that's a pressure on John. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. He knows. I'm excited to see. And I think that that's a, you know, I think the part that's impressive to me, which I think most people would think is a funny way to say it is to come off your best look ever and hand the rings as someone else takes balls. Yeah. There's that. Like I actually look at it in reverse. I'm like, you're very confident in this because your Olympia last year is without question the best you've ever looked and you're switching it up, which means you're very confident in this decision. Could that be a hard choice to make? Yeah. It means you, your extremely committed to, it means you're extremely committed to getting better and you don't think you're getting better. Right. Like we're like we're not on track to be better. I need to be better. Right. And that's sometimes when people make big decisions too, you know. I can't see the questions God, it affects my life. Do we have any? I'm waiting for the people to leave questions for us. Dusty. They didn't leave us any questions. So there's that. I just along for the ride. That's fine. I just wanted to make sure we weren't in the end. Very important. Very important. We did have somebody say Ronnie did say back to the Olympia stuff. He did say that he'd never do multiple contests again after almost losing. He said, but hey, technology is advanced a lot and Derek, technology is great. There he is. That technology. Me, I had a little. I had a little technology behind me. Yep. I like that. What about there was another topic, Olympia related, with some of them. There is the whole thing of, did you guys catch has been a lot of talk? I don't know where it's come from, but maybe I don't know where the truth of this is, but a lot of people are like, man, he's not going to be able to make wait. That had been the ongoing conversation. And now there was the announcement that they're going to remasher everybody. And he may not be as tall as he was last year with a different haircut. And that if he were shorter, he wouldn't be able to once again make wait. What do you guys make of this whole conversation around making wait or not making wait? Well, I have personally known many classic guys, not just classic guys, but all the height classes. I have seen a lot of and heard a lot of stories of people kind of sneaking in. Like, maybe the person hiding the man's like, well, another, okay. Yeah, close to no, I mean, seven eighth off. You're like an eighth of an inch off, but it's good. You just, you would stand around all day. You'd be the taller in the morning. I've seen and heard of a lot of that at the amateur level. And I don't, I can't say that that doesn't ever happen at the pro level. I have to assume kind of smiling. Because I remember what Eduardo went through to make 202 one year. Oh, yeah, stripping down naked and wiping the sweat off his body. That was after he, that was after like doing cardio outside. Like he had, like, I think they gave him like 40 minutes to make wait. Yeah. And he came all the way down to like stripping completely naked, drying off. I mean, I think he was ready to shave his head. I think I think wait though. I think wait is a little bit more cut and dry for everyone. We have high, well, if high, big, something, and that makes wait feasible, then that's a different thing. And I remember apparently Steve was standing right by the scale that year. Okay. The acidos said Steve was right by the scale. And he was like, he's not, he's not yet. Yeah. And he like ran another lap and he's like, he's still not in. And he went to wipe the sweat off his body and then he stood naked with the towel around it. Yeah. Guys were holding towel so he wasn't touching him. Man, he was posing trunks got him in. Like he took those off and he was in. Geez. I remember, I don't, I don't think doing that with height. Rough and rough and it was, uh, telling me a few years ago. And it was when it was at Planet Hollywood. And they had to go upstairs to weigh in. And he was on the escalator. He like had a sweat suit on. And he went to the escalator to walk on it the opposite way. And he had to do that for a good chunk of time in order to be able to make wait because he didn't make it the first try. Yeah. Yeah. I wouldn't be surprised if there's a couple guys with, you know, have a lot of hair on their head. Or, um, I mean, I've heard stories of people putting in souls in their socks. So they're, you know, a little bit, oh yeah. Or putting on four pairs of socks. Like I've heard all this stuff. And some of these guys are getting heighted in. They got socks on. I mean, I know they got four pairs of socks on or if we're going to do it. If we're going to do this, if we're going to have this big thing right now, this conversation about Mike Summerfield, everything. Yeah. And let's do it. Barefoot. Everybody smashed the thing down on their head. The absolutely ruthless with their height. Nope. Nope. Nope. Nope. Nope. Nope. Who cares if there's 10 guys on stage teach everyone that we're not fucking around. Right. Yeah. Well, if they want to do it, do it. Right. Yeah. I think the only thing that I, that, that I can do to help is I immediately sending Mike in a version table. Yeah. And wait for his neck. So we should be fine. Yeah. So I know a bunch of guys that are doing, they're, we got these things around. They're strapping these things and doing the stretch thing and hanging up. Side down. And I know guys that are saying that they're getting into their class doing it because they're trying to, they're running from their room to the height. And you know, and hey, good on him like, use your technology as Ronnie would say. But you got to make hype. Yeah. I think he kind of dropped a hammer. I thought that he had room for sure. I thought when we had him here said he had plenty of room. And then who knows, he might, I don't know. Has he even said anything about this? Maybe he's a kind of like, yeah. I imagine it. Yeah. There's a, I was funny when you said he was talking about him. Right. My, my knee jerk was that that podcast and stuff and needed something to talk about and someone just made this up. It feels manufactured. You know, I guess when we, when we had him on, I, I could have swore he said he had room. Yeah. To put on side because I was talking trash. I'm like, what are your bones like bird bones? I can have you because he looks like he weighs 250. I am. I also have never, I've never watched a Olympia hide in. I'm not sure how strict they're being and I don't recall seeing footage from one either. So I don't know if they're barefoot or what's going on. I'm just talking about, you know, the shows I see, right? Mm-hmm. So yeah. Yeah. I haven't had anybody not make it. Have you guys ever had somebody not make it and have to go back and, you know, whatever, hang out for, you know, start themselves for another two hours. Whatever. I haven't had any problems with height classes on that day because we, you know, I get that right, you know, but, you know, I've had people that were super close and wait and they had to run some stairs or, you know, taking animal or do something. So I've had all that before with like normal weight classes, you know, but I've never had anybody with height. I was trying to say like, make sure you know how tall you are and it's not my problem. Like, like, you need to know how tall you are. Like, I'm not owning this. If you go to height and they tell you your five seven and your way over, you cannot, you got to know your freaking height. Yeah. So Dan says they weren't strict last year and he also asked he says, Mike, always were socks. They're saying that you have to weigh in barefoot. Absolutely. But he also adds all be surprised if he does make weight. Maybe Dan knows something. We don't know. Yeah. Well, I don't know anything. Yeah, they're definitely the whole world is going to turn upside down. I mean, I feel like it makes sense to like, let's stir up some controversy and drama. Mike was kind of like the air apparent right from last year. And so everybody's expecting him to do big things. It does create quite a storyline of like, well, what if the guy that we expected to do really well doesn't even show up, you know, what if he can't compete? Yeah, that would be wild. I would hate that because my wife would be very disappointed because she loves him. So I need him to make weight and win right, right, make weight and win. That'd be cool. I'd love to see that. Like a big great champ. This is this is important. You know, when your wife wants something that's completely out of control, you just need the universe to make it happen. She doesn't have a lot of care about bodybuilding. And when she was like on his band right, I was like, ah, crap. He's got a win from now on. So I wasn't I, okay. So I had heard something about or is not going or something like that. But it was like second year. Second hand from somebody else. He is going to be there. Okay. And Dane does have a question for us. He says, who's going to make a bigger splash at the Olympia for their debut. Sassan Brett Ors Rubie L. Who's Chen? Is he the guy from China? Chen? Dude, you're talking to somebody who's so out of the loop. Or Jordan or Jordan? Apparently we won't vote it for Jordan. I vote Jordan. But I also when I've commented on him, the immediate reaction from the fans is that would you say Bellarouze? Yeah. Apparently he's bananas bananas. I haven't seen enough of him to know. So that those two would be my guess. Sassan's amazing close friend. I just don't think he's like he had to really fight to get the qualification. And these are guys that are winning each show they do. Yeah. You know what I mean? And he's a phenom. I just don't think people realize the jump. It's I explained it's to clients. Like the jump between the local level and the national level is enormous. The jump between the national level and the pro level is bigger than that. And then the jump from winning a pro show to being a top 10 of the Olympian is even bigger than that. Like yeah. I just don't know that people really can quantify because when you see everyone in the gym or in pictures, once you're a pro and you're, you know, 250 plus pounds, they all look nuts and tell their next to each other. And then the gap is enormous. You know, I mean, there's not a lot of people that are probably watching by them. But seeing Kai Green do like a regular show. He looked like a guest pose or against pros. Yeah. It was, you know, frightening. So I just don't think that everyone understands what that jump is. And to be in the top 10 of the Olympia, like when I, I said, I, I'd love to see Jordan and fifth. I'm not saying it's not possible. It definitely is. But if you make the top 10 of the Olympia in your first crack, you are a phenom. And you are going somewhere, especially this Olympia. I mean, it's been a long time since I felt like that making the top 10 is like winning. Like if you're on the top three, then four to seven, I mean, four to ten is holy shit. Yeah, just making that, you know, they, yeah, it's incredible. I think of the list of guys that you just, I mean, you know, you're looking at Brett and these guys that we haven't seen on, you know, next to people in a while, it's like, I have no idea what's going to happen when they end up next to each other. So it's definitely going to be exciting. My hope is that everyone is on and that the judges have a hell of a time figuring out. Because there are spots guys that realize like that they're split in hairs for six to fifth. Yeah, you know, it's wild. Yeah, and it really does come down to a lot of times like the conditioning on that day. Little, the little small details that we tell you guys like, oh, it doesn't matter. Those that like do tattoos matter. Like if you have tattoos on stages, like at the state level, no, it's not a matter. But like when you get that far up, little, shallow level matters, pro level for good about it. Yeah, like it's, it's a problem if you're covered in tattoos at the top. Yeah, yeah. Hey, I got a question here. I thought this was something that would be interesting to turn to you, dust. Because I think you knew where I was coming from with this. He said, Scott, I've heard you say that your definition of failure isn't the same as it was years ago. I'm not sure I understand what you're saying. The muscular failure is muscular failure. Once you can no longer move the weight anymore, are you saying that you used to quit the set before the muscle actually failed? Yes. And I think that everyone's definition of muscular failure changes during the career because intensity changes over time. Yeah, it was a kid getting started. I was in pain. And everyone thought I was nuts. And then I learned I was a child. And there was big jumps to go for. And I would say every year or so, if I were to look back, what I thought was failure versus what really was altered. I mean, we were filming, or we were training in the gym one day. Ron, I think you would know this guy as I can't remember his name, but he was, he was down there filming the gym. Apparently this was what he does. He goes to gyms, films, I'm talks about the equipment, whatever. And I was training legs and he's like more people need to see you train. Like people don't train like this. And I kind of laughed because I know it's like 70% of what it used to be. You know, you're muted. I'm still muted. I was peeing very loudly. I don't know where I, I think I got it from meadows, but he put it into words. And I was like, oh, yeah, that's, that's sensible to me. He said that he considered failure a 5% form break. And then he said there's certain exercises where you don't want even 5% of your form to break. But other things, it's very safe to 5% form break. Like he said on everything rowing and pull down, 5% form break is you're still in a very good ability to stimulate muscle, but you're technically failing. And you're saying, yeah, whereas like a stiff leg deadlift, you don't do you want a 5% form break on a deadlift. You know what I mean? So there's certain things he said that we're kind of off that list, but for the most part, you know, like you can't really break form on leg press too much. But you know when you're failing, that's for sure. But he said for a lot of things, you kind of, whatever, the 5% form break. If your form starts to tweak out of perfect, then you're in the mechanical failure range and you're set to terminate depending on your form. And you're going to terminate depending on exactly what you're doing and how dangerous it is. But I still think there's a point of that, Ron, that's mental. Like yes, yes, there is just a big piece of that of understanding. Yeah, because it's like, I wish there was a way to tell my clients a rep range and then have them ignore it. Yeah, I know what happens is you tell them like I want a hard 8 to 10. And at 7 they're cruising and all of a sudden 8, you just watch it get heavy and you're like, that's not how a muscle works. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's you realizing you're almost at the end of range and you've decided it's heavy and then you squeak out the 10th rep. And if you, if in an inexperienced person was watching, they go, that was failure. And I'm like, nah, because I saw the 7th rep. Yeah, that was your brain starting to fail and your body listening to it and following through. And that's the part that I think where I say it changes. I do agree to though that there's, there's the factor of the 5% form break, but then there's also. You know, and Ron, we've talked about this before, like, I used to watch Branch Warren train and I was like, I was about 5% form break. The whole set was 15% form break. Yeah, and yeah, and I would say, in my head and here I am, this chump that could never be on his level and I was like, imagine if he would do that right. How much better he'd stimulate that muscle. And then I saw him train in person and watched the muscle and I was like, he could not have that muscle more lost. So it could shit on the way he's doing it. It's just his connection to his muscle is so much better than mine that there's probably zero difference if he went lighter and did the form perfectly. Yeah, so it's one of those things where you really have to know that side of things too when you're watching because, you know, I am a loose form kind of guy and a lot of stuff. And I would watch Branch and be like, what a waste. And tell I saw him in person and I was like, I'm an idiot. I think one of the main keys is that Branch was standardized. Like everything was standardized. Well, wasn't like side laterals were different from week to week. Right. We're getting four. He could, he'll progress. Right. Yeah, I'm excited. I'm everything is standardized. It was done that way and then progression was just done on top of that. Right. Yeah, at the end of the day like, you know, it didn't get sloppy or as you got heavier. Right. Right. Every work it was the same. You know, he squats for the same all the time. It's you know, everything was done the same. So even though he's done his way, he's still able to progress within those parameters, which is at the end of the day, the key. Yeah. So it's funny you say that wrong because I've started to, now that my knee is better from the stem cells. I started trying to train heavier again on like rose and stuff. And I put like three 75 on the bar to do that stop rose the other day and I was like, well, you know, I can yank him like I always do. And it was just heavy. And then I, and then I looked at the video. It was fucking terrible. Nothing was stimulated at all. I was just heaving it as hard as I could in denial of the fact that I'm just weaker than I used to be. And it's going to take some time. So you do have to get to that point where you're like you said it's back to the standardized because I was like, well, this is significantly less than before. So it should be fine. Whereas three 15, I could do correctly. And you know, my correctly. And then as soon as it was 355 or he'd know, it was 365, it was a train wreck. What about this one guys? We had one from the mountain. He said, from an outside perspective, I think this is the main driver for Nick Walker's development in the past few years. Anger. What was that again? The main factor of his development over the last few years. And you said anger, I didn't hear you. I just, yeah, I said anger. No, I think that my take is a lot different than I think most. I think the main developing factor for Nick Walker is two more years. A lot of people really lean into, I'm going to call out my old training partner Tommy. He's really changed his training. It's, it's, in my opinion, two light, two controlled, two exact. And he's gotten better. Oh, Tommy. Okay, he got better though. So we got better. And I think that in his head he really credited all of the better to the changes. And I think that 50% of the better is the changes in 50% is two more years of doing everything perfect every day. So, and I told him this, what I'll mind, and I will never say something. I wouldn't say, right? Somebody's to let it out publicly. I think if he did half, like a 50% line between what he used to do, and we did last year, and then had one more year, the growth would be better. Because I think there's a line between the two spots that's the sweet spot. I think before it was too far, the laugh now, it's too far the right. If we just come to the middle and have more time, but I think it's hard to do because you're looking and forgetting that you just had two more years of being perfect. And I point that out because next training, it's not light, but it is flawless. Yes, it's beautiful to watch. But I think he's very, very connected to it. I think it's a great decision because he's, I don't think most people realize how ridiculously strong neck is, and he's so strong that it's an injury waiting to happen. So finding a way and Ron convinced me to do this late micro, finding a way to make lighter weight heavy is very smart when you're extremely strong. Because something's going to give, but I really do think, I think that Nick is, his, I would say, Nick's focus and his commitment to being the greatest bodybuilding world is unmasked in the sport. I don't think that anyone, they might be on his level, but no one is more focused. No one thinks sleeps, you know, eats bodybuilding more than Nick Walker. And when you do that 365 days a year for two more years, you get better. Yeah, and then I just think of his genetics too, like where he's coming from, you know what I mean? Like coupled that with his work ethic and that's how we have what we see today, you know? I'm just excited to see him on the stage again, because you know, I'm thinking about the last two Olympians. I'm like, yeah, I keep forgetting whether you're in them. Yeah, yeah, I like his touch of fan favorite, and I say that as a fan, like it's, I can't imagine how he felt not being on that stage because it sucked to be there as a fan to know that one of the absolute best in the world was on the stage. Yeah, I just, I mean as a fan, you just want the best guys up there, so we can find out who is the best right now, you know? And he is that guy, contrary to what Bob and Sean think, Nick Walker is that guy. Do you guys think he'll win the, you know, they have like the people's choice or yes? Yeah, hammer-hody. Those are your two choice. What about, what about worse? I don't think worse is in the mix enough. No, not yet. No, because, and I don't know how we haven't talked about this yet, but I think what he's done is phenomenal, but he has to turn around. And when you face the back on that Olympia stage, everyone who's really on his train will find out he is a long way from number one right now. Yeah, he's got work to do, and that sounds like such a shot, and it's not. No, it's a big stage of the world, you know? It's just that his back is really lacking for that level, and that's what happens. I mean, great guys, let's go back and remember Jay caught their first Olympia. Wow, and it's second last. And he looked ridiculous. Yeah, it was just that big of a show. You're like, oh, you know what I mean? So, if he were to win the people's championship, because everyone loves him, which I understand, he's an awesome guy. But I think if you're talking about the people's champ who's also really in the mix, it's got to be Nick. I mean, I already sent my voting, and they really couldn't. Have you guys ever voted in that? You know how they're like, oh, you can text this number right now. I don't do that for anything. You do that answer. You just asked two of the ladies, these people, the planet, if we actually bid their phone, watch it. No, I do the answer. So I remember the first year, I remember the first year they did it when Hottie won the People's Choice Award. And I remember like, I think I even like opened my phone. I was like, oh, I'm just going to see, but I couldn't get it to work. Like I'd like open a thing and make an account or so I just, there was no. Once there was a second step wrong, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Wrong one of the look at his phone, I go, Hottie, and then have a count. Yeah, that's it. I think take away all the, all the friction. You know, friction points. I don't do them. No. Good to be more like Uber eats. Anyway. We've got like a general diet question here. Leah, she says, I'm trying to help my friend with weight loss. You guys recommend that she suggests keto. No, not off the bat. I wouldn't put anybody on a diet where they're not allowed to eat an entire macronutrient at all. I'm just setting normal people up for failure. Yeah. That's I recommend with someone who's just trying to lose weight. Don't be in a rush to lose weight. Put them on a program that they can do forever. Yeah. Because anything that's temporary is a loss. That's why so many, I'll say Americans, but people lose weight and gain it back because they're on a program. They can't do all the time like, you know, I eat the same foods every day because I like it. Yeah. But if, if it's not those things, then make it easier and make it possible. I work with a lot of gen pot people. And I'll, I literally tell them all the time, you know, they're like, I'm struggling to this. I'm like, okay, let's make it easier. Well, I want to lose. We're not going to lose if you don't follow the diet. So if I'm going to diet a little easier, you're going to lose slower. Yeah. But we're heading in the red direction and you're being successful. Like every day you're saying I did what was on the plan. You know what I mean? It's, it's just one of those things. Same thing like when people are excited. They're like, I'll do 45 minutes cardio every day. And you're like, what you do that in a year? Right. Let's not do that. Can we do 8,000 steps a day? Every day? I'll take it. Right. Yeah. I'm with you 100% on that. I'm going steady. This low in steady wins the race idea that no one wants to hear anymore. Donald, Donald with us, he says, eat less. That's my tip. Yeah. Yes. Eat less. Move more. They're different hungry. You need to. Yeah. Yeah. You know how I told you that I, I long time ago, but I told you guys, I had like, when I was a kid and I got into bodybuilding and I was just toying with it. But I like stopped training for a bit. Got lazy and I got small. And I went over to my girlfriends grandmother's house one time and she's like, Did you get sick? He looked terrible. So she just blatantly calls me out and I was like, Obviously that was the kick in the ass that I needed and I got moving. But I remember like, man, she's heartless. And then we were over at her house again and her cousin was with us. And she's like, she looks at her cousin goes, you need to start like, work and out. And she was like, why? Because you're fat. And then she goes, the first thing I suggest you do is start pushing away from the table. And I was like, Oh, okay. So what she said to me wasn't that mean. Like, yeah. So I had a client who's a Jen pop guy. And he's down like 40 pounds at this point in the last, you know, eight months. Nice. And he said to me that he goes, you know what? I don't realize, I don't realize what my problem was until now. He's like, I was never hungry because I always raising on crap. Yeah. And he's like, when I first started eating this meal plan and I was getting like hungry between meals, I was like, oh my god, what is this feeling? And he was like, I was just at the slightest hint of desire. I would just eat whatever. Yeah. So I never really got hungry. And he's like, now I'm like, starving. And then I eat a meal and I'm like, oh, that's good. And then two hours go by and I'm like, oh, I'm going to start. And he said, but he's embraced the feeling because he's like, whenever I get hungry, I just think this is where fat burns. Yep. This is where my glucogon is up. Yep. You know what I mean? And he's like, he's like, now that I understand chemistry of the blood chemistry and the hormone battle of fat burning and being in a deficit and he's like, oh, it's like, when I get hungry, I'm like, oh, yeah, we're burning fat right now. We're going to be fat. And he's sitting at his job and he's like, I'm getting leaner right now as I'm working. Because I'm hungry. Yeah. He's starting to freak out if you aren't hungry. No, I mean, I said he embraced that hour. He's like, this is like, he's like, I'm Texas. It's like when people think they're burning fat doing a cardio. Right. Yeah. This is when you're growing fat when you're sitting at your desk hungry. Your next meals an hour away and your in a deficit. He's like, I love it. I understand now that this is how it. Like this is what matters. And I was like, oh, good. Like I do another thing, you know, that the whole matters is actually a good friend of mine. He posted this on his Instagram yesterday. So he knows bodybuilding. He always measures proteins, carbs, fats. And he said he was, he started just putting cheese on his meals. A couple meals a day, cheese. And he said he saw his wife put cheese on her meal and he laughed at it. He goes, that was that. Why didn't bother? And she's like, that's a serving. And he's like, that's a proper serving of cheese. And a lot. So he put his food on a scale and then he put the cheese on. And then he put the cheese on. And then he did the math. And he was consuming 500 calories from cheese a day. Oh God. Yeah, it's easy to do man. Peanut butter is the same way. You know what I mean? Yep. Yeah. A tablespoon is not what you think ladies are doing. Big enough. Yeah. I point that out is because people don't realize like the amount of clients I've had they're like, I'm on the diet perfect. I'm like, it's impossible. You're math, it's impossible. And then we start finding out about a little bite of this and a little of that. And a little bit of a round of tables when a peanut butter. And they don't realize it all of a sudden that's 300 calories a day. Yeah. You're going your off. You don't need to hear me. You know, I need to hear me. I said my country. I just think that could it can also be a thousand calories for some people. Easy. Yeah. And that's why you have to watch everything. Yeah. So for the person that asked about your friend like that is a huge thing because it's one bite of this like, you know, my mother used to always have candy dishes in her house. I just asked her to take them out. Because I want to have a bite. Oh, I know. There are two. There are two. There are two. I mean, I was a guy going to walk by M&M and not eat some. I was like, these got to go. I'm like you're killing me. Hey, what about what about this one here? This is an older question, but we never got to it. And it was for it's just body building. So this is it'll show you. This is two months old now. Saddened by the news of Hulk Hogan. RIP Hulkster. There we go. Rank the top three 90s. W W F wrestlers. And if if wait, hold on a second. The rest of the day. And if you put into a body building competition. So I guess they feel like the best physique of 90s wrestling. I would say if you're going into a competition. You gotta be ripped. Right. So the condition kills, right? So you know, you got guys like war lord and, you know, animal from, you know, the tag teams, war lord from powers of pain and animal from the road warriors. Legion of Doom. Guys are a big could easily dual body building show huge traps probably 20 and charms, but they weren't shredded. Yeah. Right. They were like off season bulked up big power of power looking guys. So if you look at for shredded guys, you got the warrior. Yeah. Ultimate warrior. Yeah. The text is tornado carry vinae. Okay. I got a very short window. There's a movie about him now of that whole family. But the text is tornado carry vinae. He was only in the WWE after a short period of time. But he was built like the warrior. Big, beautiful physique. And he got like guys like was Rick rude big enough to do a body building show. He was probably 5% body fat. Your shredd. He was always peeled and Rick rude looked pretty damn good. I wonder if his quads were separated. You know what I mean? Like I wonder if I was like that. So if you had a pose that would be. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. I'm thinking. Those are kind of guys I'm thinking of from my era. Oh yeah. Carry Von Eric. You looked good. He had a point. Can you throw a picture up of him? No. Yeah. Post production if I remember. That'll be a lot easier that way than trying to remember. Right now. It always amazes me how many of those. Like those wrestlers like did we go? You ever hear of Bobby Lashley? He was like 2000s. See that's carry Von Eric. Yes. He looks good. He looked good. Good size on that guy. You know like. I wonder what that guy's on. It was like 1990. They were on the same thing. The same thing you were on but more because you had more money. It was all like veterinary and prop. Yeah. It was like a real birthday. You know, he wanted those bottles that he could kick it around. It's 50 migs a mill. What was a. Was a macho man Randy Savage was he in good shape. I can't remember. He was great. He wasn't quite like bodybuilder. He was obviously worked out in the gym every day. Yeah. He had him listed at 240. But he was probably more like 225. But yeah. Okay. He's my favorite wrestler. I'm a macho man. Mad man. I'm a macho man Randy Savage old school. Macho man with the three stars on his trunk. Do you want to fly an elbow? Forget about it. Forget about it. Macho man. I'm a macho man. Oh yeah. I think in the air. Oh yeah. It's misallus. You're up on it shoulder. WrestleMania four when he won the tournament to get the belt. My highlight of my wrestling life. So wrestling was really popular in Canada. Overall, isn't it? They just have like a big wrestling school up there and everything. I don't want you. Yeah. Well, yeah. Pro Wrestling is in the Western Canadian DNA. And the flying elbow off the top rope. That's the best finisher ever. Macho man. He was the he owned that. It was so awesome. As a little kid, I felt like he was 100 feet in the air. Three quarters away across the ring. Boom. Yeah. I don't think people realize though that though. Like you kind of said that like it's just common knowledge. But for like the rest of us. I don't think that a lot of people really know the connection of like Canadians and wrestling. Well, in Calgary, that's where the heart families from. Okay. So so stew heart legendary stew heart who's passed away now. He's very well could get the order of Canada one day. Post humorously. He's a hero to Canadians and a legend. He trained the heart family in what was called the dungeon, which was just his basement. And the dungeon was where guys came from all over the world to learn how to pro wrestle. And it was hard. You get beat up. You some guys never go back. Some guys pack repeatedly. And then you get into stand. He'd wrestling, which was like the Western Canadian kind of, you know, in the 80s at Stampede Wrestling Toured Around. And then the good guys could suck up from stampede the WF, right? That was kind of the chain of reaction back in those days. So all the hearts came through stampede. Brett. Jim the Anvil Night Heart. You know, British Bulldog Dynamite Kid. The British Bulldogs they came through Stampede Wrestling. Everyone came through there. It was from Canada or came through Canada. And yeah, I knew guys that went and trained in the dungeon and really. It was Stampede. Yeah, I had a friend at Toured with Stampede and wrestled with them. And yeah, it was a really big part of pro wrestling. And everybody in the world who was at the top of the game were like, Oh, you trained with the hearts. Oh, okay. You know your shit. You know how to work. You know where you're at work or you trained with the hearts. You know what you're doing. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Was this kind of a, I knew a lot of guys at era that did that. So do you see a lot of guys like just in the gyms and stuff that like, oh, yeah, these guys are wrestlers over here. Yeah. Like when I would go to Calgary, I told that story about going to train at pro bodies and Calgary, which used to be where a lot of them would train when they were in town. So I like remember seeing David Boy Smith there. And like, you know, I see Brett saw Brett hard at pro bodies. And you know, when the guys were in town, they would when they were in town training at the dungeon, they would go train at pro bodies. Yeah. That's awesome. Yeah. That's cool. I'm not sure even made a documentary about stew. I mean, like a Canadian documentary about him. Yeah. She liked the way I did that by the way, dusty. I just I knew that like if I said something about wrestling, brownwood have like all history. You know what I mean? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Now it's, it's just, it's, it's the great thing about Ron is that he's going to know. He's going to know. So sometimes I'll just randomly text him. Should I even know about just see what he knows. Like, ah, he did know. Yeah. Yeah. If I was ever on like who wants to be a millionaire or anything like that, the phone call. Lifeline. Yeah. I know. Oh, yeah. Every time that's so funny, I've had a lot of people go, can you believe my phone a friend? I don't want to let you down. I called Victoria first. And then I call Ron. Ron. Next. Plus I know if I called Ron. Yeah. He would answer because I don't call people. So he would think I'm dying or something. It'd be definitely pick up. He must be dying. I better get this one. Yeah. He must be dying. Yeah. Has to be. Last time he didn't call he was already dead. I think we have any other questions. You know what though you guys could tell us about your TV shows that you're watching. I always love hearing about that. Black rabbit. Have you guys seen some of them waiting to? Oh, give us a minute. I was talking about that. Dude. The first couple episodes. I had to watch a show afterwards before I could go to bed because the way that these people are ruining their lives like stresses me out. We probably won't be watching that show then. Oh, it's so good. Black rabbit. Yeah. It is so good. It's. Yeah. That's and you know, the actors in it are phenomenal. He got baitmen who can be hysterical or play the role he's playing in this phenomenally. Jude Laws and it. Yeah. This is we've been on fire because of you guys primarily on on good shows, but this one is up there with any of you will not be disappointed around. After you're letting watch an episode and you'll immediately amelial with like this is why I married you. We got it. We've got it marked. We've got. Oh, what do you watch? First. Well, I'll tell you what I'm watching now. We're going to get one elbow drop from Montreal Man. Oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Playing elbow drop on the punch. I can't get enough from the top. You've got to put both fingers in the air too. Oh, yeah. Here we go. Right. Oh, my God. I'm electrified. Oh, okay. This is the rest of his afternoon. That's afternoon. We'll go watch some greatest of much of man hits after this. I'm going to find some. What am I watching right now? We are actually in limbo right now. So we're going to start black rabbit. We got it marked. And we've all we've also got another show on Netflix. It's got Tony Colette. And it seems like she's running like a therapy camp. Okay. That's what you're going to do. You go there and oh, shit. What's going on here? Are these people? Is this some kind of psycho? You know what I mean? Like I like it. Is this? Is this? I'm going to see what the thing is. And shit happening. The newest series. What's your number of the old. You gotta look at that. Wayward. Wayward. Oh, we saw the commercial for that one. Yeah. Yeah, that's what that looks like. Yeah. That looks like a different way. Yeah. Yeah. That looks interesting. So yeah, that's a good one. We've been watching some light stuff. There's a good show. I like called Only Murders in the Building. Oh, yeah. What a great cast. It really is. I don't know enough names to be able to say you can tell of the names, Ron. Who are who's all in there? What are your favorite shows? Martin Short. Yeah. Yeah. Martin Short. Steve. Yeah. Yeah. So Martin Short, Steve Martin. Yes, he's. Yeah. So Martin Short, Steve Martin Selena home has. Merrill, Streep, Tia Leonie. Like Jane Lynch, like what a great. Evilongoria. Renee Zowinger, like just as huge cast of like long time stars. Haven't fun on this. And what do they do? Does it's it's a podcast. They have a podcast. And that's. Yes. So there's like as a podcaster, there's like podcast humor, which I appreciate right now. I have a watch, but I've been told to watch it. are murder in the building and that they end up starting to like investigate it with their podcast and it takes off. Yeah, it takes off from there. So it's a lot of fun and it's the kind of show that you can watch and then immediately go to bed after. You know what I'm saying? You know, you don't even drink a buffer. Yeah, right. We like you don't watch that. And we're just like, oh my god. Yeah. Yeah. We watched Jack Ryan before that. Like that it's kind of intense on them. I want to see the lioness if you guys seen that one. We liked it. Lioness is great. It's more what's his name Taylor what's the guy's name. Sure. Taylor shared it. It's a Tyler shared him whatever. It's another one of his like formula, L. Okay. Oh, yeah. Like it's the same formula for every show, right? You just put it in a different world. You hear the action stuff that guns that they use. Like it's all like right on point. So I want to watch that for sure. There's a nation. You know, you watch chilled maybe. Did you watch the terminalists Scott? Uh-huh. No. Watch the terminalists then watch the terminalists dark wolf. I heard they're both gay. Okay. nominal. Victoria, you're watching. Make note. She'll make no to that. There's a scene in the lioness. It gets the end of season one. Yeah, the scene dusty and there's a scene that is so awesome. It is like you're kind of waiting for it all season and it's tense and then you get it and you're like, oh, the claw that's so satisfying. And there's that amazing rescue and they have to go to Mexico to get that senator. Oh, wow. That's a great. It's like politically. They're not allowed to cross the border with military vehicles, but they're going in. They're going to the end. They're getting her anyways and they just want to get out without getting on the news, right? Yeah. So they do this like covert broad daylight. Fucking go get her trip and uh, yeah, it's rough. It doesn't go great. Show. Yeah. Yeah. I'm going to see one upon the news. You're not supposed to go over the borders and then also end up on the news. Yeah. Yeah. So, you know, and it's a great one. Nicole Kidman is in it. She doesn't, she's not a main character, but she's a very important role character, where she's kind of in charge of this covert black ops thing. Okay. And every once in a while, they got to go deal with Kidman and she's got to try to convince the higher ops that they need to do should this shit, you know? Yeah. That's really good. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Great show. Yeah. We've got that one lined up and at some point we'll get to that. But yeah, we've been keeping it kind of lightly just the light shows. And we watch stuff like you guys ever watch, oh, what's the expedition on knowing? You ever see that show? No. Where he goes in like there was like this rumor of like that the Nazis had buried gold and it was, you know, in an unsunk bunker and it's never been found. And so they have like guys that come in was light are and you know, the whole show is like they're trying to find like pirate treasure from the 1600s. And so it's, you know, easy stuff. Easy stuff that you can just like watching go to sleep. We go dark before bed to make sure that they're doing the server. I'm not allowed to do that. I love you. And I love you. And I love you that. Well, Scott, I'm glad that you made the move coming to the Olympia. Yes. Would not have been proper without you. Oh, yeah, be able to say that. Yeah. Yeah. Scott is coming. Everyone. I'm excited. I'm going to podcast at the booth. But we will all be there. We'll probably do a little some some videos from one and around talking to people, you know, oh, yeah. Do it right. I will get ready to fly out the morning enough because that's what I do. And we'll be good. I'm going to do a few guys here today. Yeah. I come in on Thursday. So we leave relatively early in the morning. So we'll be there like just in time to check in the hotel get to get in and it's slammed the whole time. I'll be there early. I'll be there like Thursday, early, like leave early and then get there even earlier. Like yeah, like I almost like, you know, time tripled. But the time change, you basically land when you took off. Yeah. Yeah. It's got to be able to those things where like I have to check my luggage in and then come back and get it later. Kind of thing. And I refuse to do if it's at all possible, the Vegas is easy. So there's no layovers one shot. Yeah. There. I always mutant always waits really late to buy their tickets, which means when I buy Nicky's at cost way more. So I just book my own and then send the bill. Yeah. You guys are going to book in like eight weeks. I'm going to book now. Yeah. I know what about. Patriot on by the way, guys. Patriot on is paying for my ticket. So thank you guys very much. Yeah. I just because I wasn't going to do it. You know, I wasn't going to go and we weren't doing the podcast and stuff and and you know, you didn't say anything. And then I thought to myself, you know what, I got to make this happen. And because there's a thing, man, like we have a lot of listeners that are going to show up and I want to get a chance to meet everybody got canned. So and hang out. I don't want to see the deal. I don't want to see the deal. I'm just appointment in their eyes when we say you're not there. Because we're not going to be fine. Oh, it's just you too. Well, you're on the team dinner now, Scott. So you're right. Am I officially? Oh, right. Yeah. I didn't hear about that. I didn't we're doing like an awesome. I think I just put you on the list. Okay. I didn't want to impose. So I don't know. No, so if you want Friday night, you know, you're right. Friday night. I'm there. I'm I'm heading down Wednesday. We're landing Wednesday at noon. Okay. And then we boxy around like one and then we go check in and then we go get our marriage license from the Clark County department. Nice. You know, we've got a meeting with our wedding company at 4 p.m. Just to go over everything. And then the next day they pick us up at noon. And we go out to Fire Valley, which is where the red red rock and all that stuff. We're getting in there. And they're going to be awesome. A lot of just us just to just limit right out there. Keep it simple. She bought a sexy little slash kind of sletty little. Yeah. Stuff. White wedding dress. Nice. And she kept it like it's not it's not like crazy. She said it's not quite Nikki level. As long as she's reaching for it, we're good. He said it's not because he was I'm not I'm not quite Nikki level, but I'm a talk. I love it. So she just means that boobs aren't quite you know totally out. Nikki would have him way out. You know, he's got at least good good cleavage going in this, right? So she I said, Dusty, I love that. I got to tell me. Yes, it's fantastic. And so she got a hot little white dress and I've just got a simple black black dress pants black shirt keeping it. I'm not the feature, right? Yeah. And I'm just going to black out this shoes everything keep it simple and we're going to get married and limo ride back and we're done. Nice. I'm going to show you're meeting somebody to show you just letting them know. Oh yeah, we got married. Yeah, just got married. We got our bands ready to rock. We got everything good to go and just keep it simple. And then we're going to take all the money we didn't spend on a wedding. We're going to invest it. Tell. Yeah. That sounds like a great idea. Good time to do that. Yeah. So anyways, that's that's how we can then the Olympia starts. And you know, as I look forward to a rather great standard Olympia. Remember 21 for me Holy crap. You're kidding me. 21 Olympians. Wow. I think I'm 2002 minus 3. So whatever that is around 20. Okay. Wow. Yeah. I haven't been to nearly as many. I started going because it's it's a lot further west coast for me. So I and I hadn't had reasons. So I've done a lot more Arnold classic. But I think it was like 2018 was my first Olympia. And I think this would be like the fourth or fifth time I've been there in my first Olympia was Ronnie 2020 2003. So I can wow. So that was a hell of a way to go to my first Olympia and see that walk out. Yeah. Like oh okay. We had media passes the first time that I went. And there was like a way to like walk into they were doing like the press conference. And victorious with me. We both had passes. And I went to the other doors. And I was like just walked in with people who knew what they were doing. We got like 50 feet in turned to corner. And I realized that we were backstage. Yeah. Like, we're not supposed to be there. Even though you have media passes, you are not allowed to be there. So instead of leaving, I was just like, oh and I just like stood up against the wall and just stood up. You know, people's way and you're exactly exactly just kind of looked around for a little while. And then of course somebody recognized like, oh, you're not supposed to be here. And then we left. Oh, I didn't know that. Okay. Yeah. I had I had a buddy that went to the Arnold and he got back stage. And he was like, you know what? I just started helping. I just started helping. I'm saying, no big complaints if you're helping. If you're helping you said no one said a friend of mine word to him. He started like picking paper up off the floor put it in the garbage. Who's upstairs asked some people if he needed anything. Oh, that's just actually blue. So I could start helping. You know, they needed help. And then someone was like, hey, can you start helping? I got you. And he was back there for a while. And then he's like, I get to get out of here. And he just laughed. They're really, they're really working right now. I'm out of here. Yeah. Yeah. So that's amazing. You know, yeah. Everyone likes helpful. Everyone has to have a spot that. It's a great cover. I did the back stage. I went all the way down back to the very back stage part right before they go on. Yep. You just sit in there watching everyone's lined up. They're trying to look at those little tiny mirrors. They're on the wall. Yeah. I'm like, I don't even know how I got here. But this is awesome. Imagine if you saw someone like tidying up, putting garbage away, taking empty bottles. You could tell me that. Yeah. You would be like, you wouldn't let that guy do this thing. He's obviously supposed to be here. Why would he be cleaning if he wants to. I've told this story. Friends or genius. But I was backstage all day at the Arnold. There's 2000. And I think 20. I think it was that year. So I'm backstage all day. And I had like full access to shoot video and stuff. I'm like in the pump up room and all of that. And then Victoria was off doing some sort of lecture thing for the day. But she was going to come in the evening. And Mike Davies got her back there for me too. So I went and grabbed her and Mike escorted her beyond the point where we then we could get in. So we're walking behind the stage. So there's the press area that's backstage. You know, dusty. And then you walk that long stage. And then you come around and then that's where everybody's pumping up. Yeah. We got around the corner. Everybody's pumping up. First thing you see, there's big ramen just doing lateral races. And he had seen me all day long, right? So the second I come around the corner, I'm face to face with him. Victoria's never been there. And now mind you, we hadn't really dated for that long yet, right? And big ramen he couldn't have done it better job. He'd freak his out. Just gives me a fist bump. Like because he's, you know, he'd seen me all day. Doesn't know me, right? But it looks like he did. But I was like, what's up, man? You know, guys, I got Victoria with me on the eight. Welcome back, Snitch. This is what I do. It's just what I do. Yeah, which is not the truth. But dude, it is so crazy, isn't it? The have that experience, dusty? Absolutely. Plus it's, you know what is funny is after the fact I was like, because if the Olympia, the backstage areas, like a gym, yeah, it's I haven't been back there. It's really, yeah, there's a lot of stuff back there. And the Arnold is really basic. It's like a local level show back there. It's got some dumbbells laying around a couple of inches and that's kind of it. And you're like, I don't mean to sound disappointed because the guys are impressive, but I'm not surprised. This might be different now because this was a year ago, but I remember thinking like, oh, so bodybuilding never really changes. This is what a backstage is. Yeah, you still look at fair pair of 20s. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Bring your own base in a band. I'm going to band where to go. Is that classic at the Arnold notes that classic green carpeted hallway? And what I saw that I knew that from every jacolor video. You know what I mean? Walking down that hallway. You're absolutely miss. Yeah. Classics. All right. All well, hopefully we'll be seeing a ton of you guys this weekend. So make sure if you see us walking around anywhere, stop us because we owe you a thanks for supporting this and for flying Scott out. Yes, absolutely. I can't wait to meet everybody. Yeah, fantastic. I have one thing left to do and I need both of your advice after the show. Maybe you can message me. I need to make a reservation at a restaurant for after we get married and I would have done that yet. Okay. Flex. What'd you say? Go to text flex. Good. You didn't know. Oh, okay. Just text flex. Yeah. Yeah. And he knows every restaurant there. So. Okay. Yeah, that's probably a better move. Okay. And I'm going to wind it by like a $500 stake. Am I? You didn't say that part. Oh, but okay. That I'll give you some spots. You might just do in and out. We're being in and out. Photos with the wedding dress have been cool. There's a great talk of place right across the street from. Or maybe too invest. You forget you're talking to. I'm like, no, I never let's go. Okay. I said what do you want to do? She's like, that's just how the good steak. I'm like. Okay. Amazing. I love it. And that's a perfect way to lock out the wedding. I'll figure something out. Okay, guys. It's Thursday. I know. I know. Thank you very much, fellas. Thanks to everyone who was on the live and looking forward to this one coming out. Our show with a really chemist got did really well. Yeah. Yeah. Hey. A great great bet. Yeah. A bunch of people message me. They're like, oh, I've got to try some of this stuff. They're all excited. Yeah. And also I got tagged. I bunch of people who stayed for last five minute crew and were like, I can't believe you talked about guitars. I love it. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That was pretty cool. And Pat, Pat, one, our listener, Pat one who just competed last weekend. I can gradst to her at our show last weekend, but she was over the moon of both the guitar talks. So, oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I, so I almost clip that out, Ron, and then like put it as just like a separate thing because it was like 20 minutes. You know what I mean? Right. I was like, man, people are going to miss this because they might not stay that long. And I was like, not well, even for the last five minute crew. So I dropped it in the show. Yeah. And almost people don't give a two shits, but there's a group of people that were just in love. So yeah. If you don't like it, you turn it off. You're good. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's it. Oh, wait. You don't want. Yeah. Okay. Thanks. Thanks guys. Remember, like, share, subscribe, comment and yes, and remember, I am mutant.com. Go to I am mutant.com. Get your hardcore ISO, get your mind FK, and everyone should get on the gear. All the guys are concerned. We're concerned about that too. So, you are. Whoa. Save money. Get on the gear and have a delivered to your house. Sheeper and faster. Just think cheaper and faster. That's how you need to know. Okay. Dusty and big round of your codes. Okay, guys. That's it. We get to go Scott. Yeah. We are. Okay. I always Scott was loud. I think he's laughing at me. I just let it go. Cheers, everybody. Remember, it's just bodybuilding.