And back then, the volume and intensity, the idea of the Oscar turned out was absurd. Yeah, they doing three hour workouts. Yeah. And then cardio, you'd get him on the stepman, Oscar would stand next to him on the stepman and control the speed of the stepman while he just suffered. I mean, it was brutal. It's like sending your wife to the mall with your credit card. You know what's going to happen, but it's not going to be good. Yeah, yeah. Hey, everybody. Welcome to It's just bodybuilding reacts. We are rolling fresh. We have no preparation at all. We're going to hop right into reaction video here. Of course, Dusty Han-Shah, Scumming, Naly, myself, big round part. Low, like, share, subscribe, comment, and ring the bell. Yes. I am mutant.com, good. I am mutant.com, get your ISO surge, get your all in. And everybody get on the gear and remember Dusty 20 big round 20 save yourself 20%. Kai Green overkill. This video, this, this DVD, I should say. This was one of what the final DVDs. This was the tail end of the DVD era. Would you say, guys? It really was. Wasn't it? Yeah. Mike Bolsonaro. Great director, too. Good friend of ours. He did such a tough, hard-pomite. He did such a tough, hard-pomite. He did such an amazing job with the. And so what was the deal here, Ron? Kai in Oscar went out to Vegas for the limpa in Olympia. We were super early, right? Yeah. I remember they, so, you know, I can't remember what year this was. You left to refresh me, Scott. But Kai was looking for the win, obviously. He had already been second to fill, I believe. So he was looking for the win. And so they thought, well, let's go to Vegas early. And we'll do like the full camp there, you know, be at home in the in the suffering and, you know, living out of a hotel room and all that sort of stuff. And I think the plan was that it would make him better. But in hindsight, they just completely burned him out. And he didn't have the best showing. Now, I don't remember where he placed. But I just remember that it was seen as like kind of a let down year for Kai. But this video is hard core. Like he trains hard in this video. Yeah. You know, doing all like, you know, the crazy diet, like hard, hard, you know, 2009. Perfection for the 2009. It says 2010 Arnold champ. And it says, yeah, I think it's a 2009 prep is what this was. Yeah. And I think now, let's see, just like, they're just cooking pounds of white fish in that hotel room and you know that. Yeah. They know they just, you know, that hotel room still smells like fish. To the steak. To the steak. Anybody who hasn't seen it either. This isn't like a nice hotel. No. They were like, they're rocking it like they extended stay basically. So. So he just did. He just did the plate for the hour. That was that four plates or five plates. He just benched got. We were too busy talking. Oh, yeah. He just pulled on there. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So he did five plates. Yeah. I mean, he's just, you know. And back then, like the volume and intensity. Yeah. He was going to turn that was absurd. Yeah. They doing three hour workouts. Yeah. And then cardio. He'd get him on the stepman. Oscar would stand next to him on the stepmill and control the speed of the stepmill while he just suffered. Yeah. I mean, it's, it was brutal. It's like sending your wife to the mall with your credit card. Like you don't know what's going to happen, but it's not going to be good. Yeah. You know. Yeah. This was a really, I, this is Ron. This is another one that we had when I had my stores. So like I literally. No. Oh, you've seen this one next to the count. Yes. Yeah. And it's, it's incredible because like you said, I think it's a lesson for people to learn. You know, guys want to get into prep and they want to just like let them, you know, just let it. It, it, it, it, it run their entire life and there's something to be said about just doing what you need to do in the gym, doing what you need to do with your diet. And then just kind of, you know, like you said, Ron, like let it run in the background. Yeah. Yeah. The fact that they didn't let him escape it and the only thing he was allowed to think about for I think it was six weeks was this ruined him. Yeah. Yeah. Burn the mode. I think he's pulling pull your mic in a little bit. I don't remember what he placed in this. It was probably a horrendous like second through fourth. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I know. Oh, nine was that crazy top six, right? Yeah. So Kai fell the fourth that year. So it was really just going to form right. Ranch was second extra was third and then Kai. Oh, that's right. Phil Heath and fifth. Jay color was still Mr. Olympia. So after the two of the Jay smoked everything. And I think it's smoked everybody. And Oscar tweaked something here because he's literally trying to keep up with Kai green. You know, one of the best athletes in the world and do all the workouts with him. I wonder, I mean, because Oscar was a good bodybuilder in his own day. I wonder how much he, you know, progressed. How much he gained until obviously burnt himself out like this. Yeah. Yeah. I just do like one set of every exercise with him. Just yeah. If I did that, that would still be three of my workouts. It's probably normal body. Yeah. Yeah. I also love Kai's the only one that wears a hoodie. And that's what it looks like. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Those are leggings. Those are regular sweats, too. You know what I mean? Arms like last or something else. Yeah. Ridiculous. Well, Kai's like Kai. Kai was like the first person I saw who had normal gas pants on and they were like super tight. Right. And I was like, those are normal gas pants. I think the big, baggy straight leg ones. And they're just like super tight on. So you know what's funny around the first time that I saw Kai was actually in Germany at McFitt. Oh, yeah. And there's this particular one has stairs where you're going up and down. I'm coming down and he's coming up. Yeah. And it's the first time in my life that a man walked past me and I was like, I can't never been to do this. It's like it's a woman. I stopped and looked. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. To turn, huh? Because I was like, I got to see this again. Like my brain and mind you at this point of my career. Like I've seen everybody. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. He was just that freak. And he was completely covered up. And that's what made it so freak is. I was like, you know, I think he was in something kind of like what he's wearing here. Jacket and pant outfit. And I ended up in the pants. And it was like the biggest pair of pants you've ever seen. And they were painted on his quads. And my quads you couldn't tell were in there. When I wore this in pair. Yeah. Yeah. It was really good for my ego for sure. What do you know? I mean, total sets he was doing here. They're in like 30 sets of chest and shit. Yeah. He did that year round. I mean, Ron knows us and we'd be out of town. He would go to the gym. Yeah. And then he would go to warm up for like a time period. You know, 30 minutes plus right. Right. Then go through a full workout. Then do his stretching for an hour. Then do cardio. And then come back. And that was like I remember I came here. What his name was. But you stuff to go with him everywhere. And like he'd say, this is my night. I'll be here for five hours. You're going to have to get you to drive. Kyrown for him. Yeah. And yeah. I remember him telling us about that. And also, Dana and Rob. He was hanging out with Kyle Lot right because they were all, you know, MHP guys like muscle meds under the same banner for a long time. And so they became really good friends. And I remember Dana and Rob expressing many times. They're like, yeah, I mean, you know, we went to the gym with Kai. So, you know, we didn't get back to the hotel till like 2 a.m. Like they would say that like yeah. So, you know, that's just what happens when you go to the gym with Kai. Like that was like a thing everyone would kind of express. If you if you're riding with Kai, it's going to be like three hours at least. Yeah. Back then, tell and maybe four, you know what I mean? And it's just became a thing. Everyone knew. That was because two people asked him one question. So, there's no one. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Just a massive warmed warm-ups. Huge workouts. Tons is stretching just like we were like. Yeah. Yeah. And those pants ridiculous. I wish more people knew how big those pants were to make it. To make it. Because by the way, who doesn't love that time? By the way, those aren't tights. No. Right. Yeah. You should definitely walk this video though. If you have. Oh, yeah. There's so much more to it. Right. He put into this video. Really did bring it to life. I mean, skip to legs. Like skip find the leg workout. Let me see. I think it might be another video. You can stop for that. Please. Yeah. Yeah. You squat real heavy. I can't remember. This looks like it might be some legs. Hold on a sec. Yeah. Ryan Reynolds was a garbage mint mobile. This one actually being the video. But come on. Yeah. All right. I like like like mic's documentary style. Oh, yeah. So much that we are not catching here. Oh, yeah. Find some leg training here though. So this is a great video to watch. That's not that you know, with 2009. So it's not that far removed from now. I mean, you know, it's like 15 years ago, approximately getting there. And you know, with the social media age, I think there's a lot of people now that see this level as like super glamorous. But just go watch this video. There's they're living in like a cheap hotel. Like it's a motel. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's like standing this dump in the foodie's eatin' is just like, you know, those places. What I wish with like green beans on it, like just crazy level of, it's very, very munk like like very ultra sacrifice level sort of stuff that is, you know, like we said, I'm necessary at the end. But makes for an interesting, you know, viewing. And it's like, you know, you know, and living like that. So it's just funny. And it kind of, it's, go ahead. I just, I just get to say it kind of affected the way that like certain vocabulary I might use. Like I might say like, Oh, this last few days, we got to go Oscar ardent level on that, you know, I'm the, you know, I'm the, I'm getting into the show, you know, because they, like Oscar was doing everything. Oscar just had everything in that, like you were saying round. It was just all he had to do was just focus on the body building focus on the body, but you didn't even have to think about the cooking. You didn't even have to think about how many ounces it was. He didn't have to think at all other than the body building and the posing and he spent his time drawing in between. But I go and handle that. You know what I mean? Like just, yeah. Yeah. I'm going to prove that way not to been for the best either. I think it's good to look back at though. The only thing I, I caution you when watching this is, if you're retired from the sport, you probably shouldn't watch it, because it might pull you back in. What do you mean? Because there's something about like nothing, I don't watch motivational things, but this wasn't made to be motivation. It was made to be here's what we are. Yeah. And there's something about anyone who's who's done their best. Obviously, probably no one watching this is ever going to be on his level, but really put everything into something they realize. There is a weird addiction to the body building. And there's something that's going to go far. Like anyone who's done a prep where they did more than they showed up, and I know I have, I've referenced it a million times, my favorite prep because the mental battles and the victories of slain those dragons is just, it's worth it. You know, and it's something you can never replicate in my opinion. Like what he went through here once he retired from competing. Yeah. And actually even when he got, you know, smarter with competing, it's not that you can replicate, but it has an impact on your full career. I mean, when you've done a prep like that, every prep after it feels easy, no matter how hard it is. You know, so I just think it's the part of body building that I like the best. So watching it makes you go, oh, yeah, I should probably turn this off. What's Oscar saying here? Hold on, I rolled past it to get back into the training. Let me roll it back here. Did the quality of competitors coming in here? About much higher than the Arnold. So how do we face new competition or achieve a goal that we never achieved before? But doing things that we had a dummy for, pushing the body harder than we pushed before. So there you have it. It's just all about doing more than they've ever done before that was a mentality of the prep, you know? Definitely worth watching because there's a point in this where he actually does like push too far. I think it might actually be this video or this segment where literally during the workout, they I think Oscar realized we've went too far and he like takes him back to the hotel and he he has him skip cardio for the nice. Yeah, I remember that. Yeah, he definitely was like, oh, so he I think he realized, but it's one of those hindsights where when you look back all the way, you're like, oh man, this was way way too far wasn't that night. Didn't you know, doesn't he's in what happened. I think what happens is he recognized his guys fucked. Websters of F.M. for you. And he, he says, let's skip cardio and then they go back to the hotel and kites and like relaxes and then doesn't kite look at him and say, I can do cardio now. Yep. Yeah, love the time to. Yeah, it's like 11 30 at night. It is. Yeah. Yeah. How about that body master's lake press, too? I want to. I never used that. I missed that journey so much. That gym was awesome. Dungeon gym. So what's he doing all day? I know that's what I'm thinking too. Like how do you get to the gym at 11 30 at night? There it is. This way, certain. Fault part. I remember you catch the breath. When not to a plate, I mean you should get your hands stretched for 50 minutes. When any man, any person, any individual, barks or a journey, you know, in the path of achieving something, but challenges, their best challenges, then in a way to bring forth their best connection with their concentration and most focus. This is what I thought, you know, you end up having to stop and think, why am I doing this? Because at time, it can become overwhelming. None of this is what I expected to see here. Is Vegas Chi's a sanctuary or his prison? There are times when you felt like both. I think the times when they felt more like a prison, when being the times when you might have needed to stop, as they were assessed, you know, who you were and why you're doing this. In fact, you're there in the purpose to exact your will on, you know, a circumstance to bring your will into fruition, you know, to create the reality that you want. So I guess in doing that, in that reasoning you realize, I'm not an president all, you know, and should it start to look like that, you know, may mean that, hey, I need to re-affocus my thinking. Maybe I'm getting away from the right thoughts that keep me grounded in the path of increase. This is a case where even failure is a, oh, yeah, remember they're listening to motivational, yeah, I know, yeah, I know, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, I knew that. I knew that. I just done with that workout, like he doesn't need any more motivation. You got to love this, the first react we've done, where we just kind of watched for a little bit and listen because it was that like, well, that was perfect chunk. You don't speak over that. You're going to ruin what they're trying to watch. So yeah, you got to watch this title too. You know, I really can be better titled overkill. Yeah, yeah, yeah, it's interesting, you know, looking back on it and also too, a good reminder of like what a freak Kai was. Yeah, those, all those memories, all those memories I have, like, of, you know, think of all the proes of ever seen multiple times in person. Yeah, who always looked crazy. Yeah, you know, Kai's one of the guys that always looked crazy. Did matter what he's wearing, doesn't matter how many layers he had on. He just looks, you're just like, he's Kai, like, you just look crazy. Some of the other guys can hide it, you know, and just it just wasn't hideable, you know, and yeah, I would have freaked. So yeah, good times. Okay, everybody, that's been on it's just body building reacts featuring Kai Green overkill by our good friend Mike Paul Sonnella and, you know, dusty hand shots coming, Ali, remember like share, subscribe, comment, and rootin' that bell. Rain the bell. Train hard as balls. There you go. Remember, I am mutant.com. Dusty 20 big run 20 get your 20% off. Get your isle search, get your all in, and everyone should get on the gear. Okay, thanks everybody. Remember, it's just body building reacts.