I think that I've always appreciated about you, Scott, is that your goal hasn't been to tell people things are black and white, more or less though you're exposing the shades of grace so that we can think for ourselves. And that's what we really need to do, is we need to spend more time thinking for ourselves than, you know, I don't know who's saying that out there, but I can just picture somebody on a 30-second Instagram reel saying that, you know, rat studies are useless. And then from there, a thousand people just repeat that and repeat that and repeat that. Let's look at it today. What are the benefits? But then at the same time, what are the drop-acts, too? What's up, guys? Welcome back to Muscle Mines with Scott Stevenson. I'm Scott McDally. Welcome to the new year. This is our first episode of Muscle Mines this year. I'm excited to get this thing rolling back in the past, like last year. It was actually the last episode of a week or so ago. We talked about potential benefits of melatonin and there was a lot of really cool stuff with that. And I heard something, I heard some feedback from two people. And it's something that I had heard before. It was said, rat studies don't mean anything. Rat studies are garbage. You know, they don't, they don't mean anything. I thought to myself, I don't think that they're complete garbage. I understand they aren't identical to a human study. But that said, Scott and I have been talking about it. We thought this would be a really good topic in itself. Who better to explain this than Scott Stevenson? What's up, man? One last year. This is one of those things. I kind of had to make it called the beginning. I think you could go help. You could cheat. I was telling Ectionick Ware. I think that's why I mentioned this, too. Maybe it was you. You could teach an entire graduate class on this topic. Okay. Like, it's an important topic. For instance, in my academic career, when I was going through West Star Rock doing animal work. So I did for year and a half, two years almost. I did research with rats. And by one of the work with you, I put too much of an animal over it. I just, I just couldn't even myself to, because the news animal sometimes inadvertently, and then they have to sacrifice at the end of the country. I mean, it's just, for sure. I could do. But, but you see, especially in the exercise science world, there are many, many departments where you have individuals who are like you've been the same department. You've got basically colleagues, function on the same level, animal research, right research. It was literally that way. University of Texas. Yeah. A university of Georgia. There wasn't anyone doing any animal research, but it Texas, there certainly was. I was in getting Roger Ferris, lab. This is your, this giant ID. People might know about John. He wrote one of the first carbohydrate timing or the nutrient timing books. Years ago, he's now retired. Professor Meredith said University of Texas at Austin. Great guy. He was the second on my master's thesis. He did both animal research and rat recently rat rat's in mice, depending on which model may be the most sensitive. And humans. And there was another guy who, um, by the doctor's, starins, he just did all rat stuff. Basically, with hearts. So, but there's, there's something to that. So you see this and the question that's important to understand are what are the limitations of positive advantages. You could literally do an entire class. This topic comes up over and over again, but the bottom thing I'm going to kind of go into is sort of help folks who haven't, don't have research training, haven't done research, haven't been in that kind of situation. Help them a little bit kind of contextualize that there is a reason why for for centuries, there have been literally millions of researchers who've used animal models for various reasons to study various phenomena in mammals. And then use that as a step to understanding what happens in humans. There's just some stuff you can't do in rats. So to make the statement, once they've been talking to someone else, once they've been in the diet, I thought it was rashed on a pair over to humans. It was just simply that. For a very sort of blanket statement. And it's kind of like, it's kind of like saying, ah, you know, in nowadays, if you only want to get somewhere, um, more quickly, you would have an automobile, or some sort of motorized means of transportation. And it's like saying bicycles are worthless. There's no need whatsoever to ever have a bicycle. There's no purpose whatsoever. Like, what if you want exercise? If you're just going a short way, people use bicycles all over the world in other countries, in other cultures, right? Where they're don't have to go very far. There are people like even in like the big cities, people, there's people who deliver stuff on bicycles. And you can get there faster, right? Because of traffic and stuff. So to say like bicycles are useless, because you don't have a use for bicycle, or, you know, CAs for bicycles. It's like, it's a little too much of a black and white statement. Very few things, especially science, your black and white. You know, it's kind of, it's kind of, it's something you've, you stroke a stroke, a chord with me too. I feel like that's something I see in our society in general right now is a lot of real black and white thinking that, you know, politically, you're either with us, or you're against us, you're either pro this or you're anti that. You know, it's like, and the same thing carries over to bodybuilding that, you know, we've talked a hundred times on drugs and stuff that, you know, there was a time that we wanted to just like absolutely annihilate estrogen. All estrogen was bad. And now everybody's saying like, no, leave estrogen. You need it. It's good, but it's good with an reason. I think that I, I've always appreciated about you, Scott, is that your goal hasn't been to tell people things are black and white more or less, though, you're exposing the shades of grace so that we can think for ourselves. And that's what we really need to do is we need to spend more time thinking for ourselves than, you know, I don't know who's saying that out there, but I can just picture somebody on a, on a 30-second Instagram real saying that, you know, rat studies are useless. And then from there, a thousand people just repeat that and repeat that and repeat that. Let's look at it today. What are the benefits, but then at the same time, what are the drawbacks, too? Yeah. And the thing that it's, it is convenient, it's easier just to compartmentalize things and say it's this or that. Yeah. You go in there's just two boxes, there's no inter, intermediate potential forms of utility for rat studies, what's there? And that's nice because you don't have to think then, you don't have to, you don't have to contextualize, you don't have to see the nuances, you don't have to see the shades of grace. So it's helpful, it's just a normal human instinct to do that to the extent possible, but then you're overshooting the mark if you just do that all the time. Yeah. You just miss so many beautiful nuances of life, I think. So should I bring this up? So that's what? Yeah, let's bring it up. I'm going to pull it up on my end. Sorry if I'm looking up and down because I've got two, that's all right. He's green going here. We've got a lot of happened. You think I'll be all right over here in the corner if you look at us, how I have this set up? Yeah. You think it would be okay over here? Yeah, we may have to move it now again. Okay. Well, I'll start us out there then and I'm going to go ahead and actually I don't even really need to, I can just go like this. Boom, there we go. Yeah, there we go. So again, sorry, it's just like the last one I sort of whip this together. This isn't going to do with my seminars and they're paid on location, what have you order, the webinars that I do. I run through them, literally I haven't even talked through these slides. So there's probably type of those and stuff, so I apologize for that. But I just can't even put the topic. I've actually, I've got it and I'll show people how to find it, but I wrote an article like almost 10 years ago now on this topic for John Meadows site, are you a man or a mouse and it's about animal models of muscle growth. So I want to sort of focus on that because it's just one sort of sliver of research where you can see, okay, are these studies in this area and this arena are they relevant at all? What do they tell us? We could talk about this. You can ask any questions or want to go along stack because if we could talk about each of these slides kind of forever. Right. So this was, um, here's a study, let's see. Let's check. All right, we'll have to use. There we go. Okay. All right. So this is a review article that came out not too long ago. I mean, there are a couple of figures I stole. Just to look at the number of research experiments that are done with animals and the table on the left is the number of antipers, seizures and great Britain in 2018. Okay. And so if you look at, look along the species column there, the left, mice, fish, rats, birds, other mammals, reptiles, all of a while. A total just in great Britain in 2018 of experimental procedures, 1.8 million. Right. So the reason I bring up these numbers is to say, these are just experimental procedures. There's other other procedures that were done that weren't even even experimental. It's just basically developing the models, things that had to be done which you would require approval for. The reason that I mentioned this is that just making absolute statement like animal risk, like there's no value that animal research has carried humans is like, so why are we, what are we making like three and a half million mistakes in a year and just and just it's just great Britain, right? Okay. Yeah. So yeah. And it's a massive number of, we used a lot of rats, rats and mice, rodents are seen off the necksurcized physiology. Mice is used a lot because they're really, really small. You don't have to feed them a whole lot. Of course you can, you can make transgenic mice, you can bring in 100 mice. And they're really eat, they don't eat quite as much space. So really, they're really, you don't have to like, unlike a fish, they don't have to be in the water, what have you. So it's a really efficient and convenient way of having subjects all kind of grouped together. So here is another on the, here. On the right is another reporting in the, the USDA from 2008, 2017 of animal usage in research studies. Same kind of thing we're seeing like a million studies here in 2008, we'll be less actually on research kind of going down, which doesn't, that doesn't bother me one bit. It just means we're probably getting, probably better it, certainly when we can do animal research when not the high point in 2010. But we're talking about millions of studies that are going on each year in all these various species. They use cats and dogs which I hate to see. Well, now that was one of the things that really got me on some Texas, I go to the animal research center there. They are, they call it, like Noah's Arch, see the hogsron there. That was just like this to hurt me. So yeah, it's a big, it's a big deal. So I'm not like, I'm a big, I'm a big proponent of minimizing animal research that's not possible, but it does have its utility. So, so this is the next slide, get into the, right, remember some of the, or a bodybuilding related stuff, come for the, my screen there. So this is, um, here's an animal model, some exercise or just an animal mode. We're kind of, I just kind of threw all these together, so sorry for the kind of lack of organization. So in the upper right, I've got a, I took from a paper from 2019, a rat running behavior scoring system. So this is a thing that's interesting about rodents, it's a limitation, but it's worth knowing this happens. I know in running this also happens in swimming when they do swimming models with rodents. It's, it's a, it's literally, potentially a limiting factor, and it's a limitation, and maybe even a, a deficiency in this type of research, is that you can only train the animals that want to run. So you can score some animals, and this is even animals that, that, these that come from the same litter of rodents, let's say, some of them want to run and some don't. And the way they're, the rodents, training happens typically the treadmill, it's got a shock rate at the one end. So you put them on the treadmill, and they quickly learn that if they don't run, they will get shocked. Some animals just would rather be shocked. So they'd literally just say, I'm not running, they just go and they jump on the, on the chakra and they just, no kidding. And you try to, and train them, not to do that, but some of them will just want to do this. So you can see like there's a non-runner, they'll refuse to run, they freeze the treadmill or they're on the chakra, and we're using the bottom here of, of scored number five, and they get removed from the study. Okay. With swimming, sometimes you put, so you put animals in like a big, like a barrel, a big pale, and some rodents will swim around, that's the idea, is it kind of doggy paddle the way around, and those are good swimmers. And some of them will figure out their life because, of course, they're scared of either human on the surface, it's just like a frog would, you know, a frog or something in a, some amphibian, you come up to them and they die, Bob, and they go under, right? Well, rats will do that, some rats will do that, and they'll like, let just go to the bottom of the, bottom of the barrel, and they'll just sit, hold their breath as long as they can, and they come back up the surface, and they'll take some rest, and they'll say, oh, they're you're again, and shit, and they just, so they go down, they swim down the bottom, and they just sit there, right? So they're not swimming, I mean, that's, that's a stress, but it's not a swimming stress, it's not an exercise stress that we're looking for to stress on the car, you've asked your system, et cetera, et cetera, so those are the non-swimmers. So that's, for instance, something that happens is running, it happens in some of these other studies, in various degrees, but like, it's like the one just below the right there, there's a wrath cat press, yes, that's the rest, that's pretty, it's disjuring, yeah, there's been a couple of these, sometimes they can load weights on rats and train them to climb ladders, so literally climbing up ladders with loaded best on, and this one you can see there's, and I can't probably see, I think, I can do this here. That's my little, and you can see there's a little ring that goes around his neck, and this is a feeding tube, there's a food pellets in there. So he has to stand up and extend his legs, which trains the plantar flexures, the calves, and they have a little weight connected to this ring around his neck, so the his shoulders brush on that, so it's kind of like he's doing a cap, standing cap press, but to wait on his shoulders, and that weight loads him, so you can progress it over, loving this weight, so they get their feeding only if they, this is the ultimate like food reward, right? Yeah, they have to train themselves, they have to, they have to produce effort, and you can train that way, whether with a food reward. Yeah, here's a system with rodents that is interesting, I used the stimulation, I actually developed this system when I was in Texas, I broke the software, really, created the apparatus using a solenoid, yeah, I didn't actually had to figure it out off from scratch, and we would do, we did something with a different, we actually inclined to the headgear here and ran a wire down to the tubular nerve, and then you strap the animals foot to do a unilateral fat press on this kind of pulley system, so that they planar flex, this thing rotates, and that this stuff this weight, and that loads the cast, and you can do progressive orcolo. This was, we talked about this on a previous podcast, they've just maybe in one of those 100 to 100 to choose a, we did, podcast that is what we're knowing, yeah. We've talked about it more than just that one time, but I had never seen the picture, the little diagram until right now. Yeah, yeah, so it's a cool, cool model, mine was a little, little different, but it's based on this, the cool thing when you activate with this, look, East End, literally, so the animals were net-sized there unconscious, when they're getting when they're doing their training. So you just use East End, you turn on the tubular nerve that turns on both the anterior tubular, as well as all the plantar flexors, the gastric name is, the solace and the plantar. So you're all those muscles get trained, and they lift and lower the load, right? Not so much long, it's mainly concentric, which has turned it on, they do the plantar flexion, the turn-off, and then just comes back. What happens because all those plantar flexors are stronger than the anterior tubular, and the front, that muscle gets turned on, the anterior tub, and undergoes an eccentric contraction. Yeah, okay, so those, because it just gets stretched while it's contracting, and you get massive, you get increased protein synthesis there, you get massive growth that way too. So it's just another animal model that's interesting. Here's some, kind of the point here to keep in mind, there are reason why these things are were done, and they have been done. And here's another cool one people talk about the possibility of hyperplasia. So here's the closest thing this is a training study, there was done with cats, Bill Ganyan, and Jose Antonio did this. Jose Antonio still active, people who know Iasus and Jose, he kind of runs a show over there, and he's written some cool stuff on, actually changing the shape of muscle and the really core of hyperplasia, which most probably happens in humans, but the problem with, of course, trying to figure that out in humans is you can't get probably ethically at least take out a muscle and count the fibers, which is something you could do ethically so to speak, in cats, or in rats, or in, way to. So in this particular study, they train these cats to do risk flexion against the loads, and there's a, there's a, a pulley system here, you can see the loads over here. So they would do a risk flexion against this pulley system for a food reward. And this case, they found after a year of training music, a 9% increase in fiber number, and the flexure carburetor, it's also one of the risk flexure muscles in the forearm. The other study, and this is, this is one that people talk Dante, Trudel talked a bit, this is the stretch overload model with quail, and this particular way they did it, Ganyan a lot of these, they put this cuff around the wing, and so on, that's covered up, but they, this is a weighted cuff, so they can increase the weight on this cuff, and this pulls the wing down. I always talked about the equivalent of human would be like holding a heavy dumbbell extracting a dumbbell to your hand, it's your holding at a 40, 50, 60 pound dumbbell all day long, and it's holding your arm down, and they measure the anterior with this historic thigh muscle, but it basically basically equivalent to looking at the upper part of the trap, right? Yeah, see how much your traps grow. And that's the study, Jose, that he'd have progressive overload study given the animals a break in between days when they would progressive the ad weight, and he saw like, it was like a 300% increase in muscle mass in the course of one month. Yeah, and increase in number of fiber, and this is this cool study, where the fibers, the initially the increase in muscle mass, so they had groups of cohorts of animals, things we can't do in humans. So the first group got trained for a week, and they looked at the muscles, what happened to the weight of that muscle is the fiber sizes, and then they'd let the next group was trevit trained two weeks, that's when they ended their training, so to speak, and then went to three weeks and four weeks, so they could see it was happening to both the muscle weight over time, and the fiber size over time. And the muscle weight, so the muscle mass kept on growing over the course of the month. The fiber size initially was what we were producing that growths, growth, and then later on, and the latter half of the study, the fiber started getting smaller. And this is what you see in some human studies, where you have humans that are body builders, that have large muscles, but they have normal fiber sizes, which probably reflects what we saw happening in this animal study, which you can't do that in humans, just let's take the humans, and like you're going to train your triceps, let's say, and who wants to be the, you're going to get randomly assigned to the group who loses his triceps after one month of training. So you can count the fibers and chest muscles just doesn't happen, but this stuff that animal models will allow us to do, and it's important, I think, to recognize this gives us insight, is what might be going on, it gives us some evidence to support the assertion that when we see large muscles in bodybuilders of a training for years, who have normally sized fibers, that probably has to do with what we saw in this quail study, the muscle kept on growing, but the fibers got bigger and then got smaller, so there's more fibers. You can't have fibers at a getting smaller and the muscles getting bigger unless the number of fibers is getting bigger. Yeah, right? And there wasn't water, it wasn't swelling, that sort of thing, that actually goes down after the first little while for training, or the stimulus. So it tells us that that's an adaptation, and I explain this in previous podcast, that would make kind of make sense, and we think about what muscle has to do energetically when it's undergoing like a high volume resistance training session, which is kind of like, but this is a 24-7 stress from experts, constant being stressed. So that's this quail study, and that you see massive, massive growth here. It's way beyond what we could whatever doing a human, but we see a phenomenon there that matches what we see in cross-sectional studies with humans, bodybuilders with big muscles and ever-sized fibers versus untrained people who have smaller muscles, but the same size fibers. Bodybuilders probably didn't start off with really small fibers and they spent 10 years training to make their muscles larger than average by like 50 percent, and their fibers average size probably got some muscle growth in the fibers, some hypertrophy, technically speaking, in the fibers, the fibers grew, and then over the course of time, the continued growth they got was likely due to hyperplasia. Yeah, that makes sense. Yeah, so this last one here is a compensatory hypertrophy, synergistic ablation they call it too. So here we got gastrochneemius, the solace, and the plantyrus, so humans have a plantyrus, not everyone does, but it's a really small, if you do, sometimes people have them on legnarum, the other. But the main cap also the gastrochneus solace, but in rats we got this plantyrus, so you can take out the gastrochneem leaves the solace and plantyrus and left over, or you can take both the solace and gastrochneum often, just take the plantyrus. Interesting, but the plantyrus is a mix muscle fiber type, so you can look at the importance of the differences in terms of fiber type on the growth response. The solace is like in a rat, 90 percent type one, hardly a muscle in humans that's really, there will be individuals who are very endurance, they're gifted for endurance, running, you'll see this, typically those biopsies are taken after also been doing endurance training for a long time, but having more type one fibers is going to give you a greater propensity for being good in endurance type training, but in rodents we see this, especially in rats, that the gastrochneus, there's two heads of the gastrochneum, they differ a little bit in terms of their fiber type or sandwich. Red versus white comes from whole notice and background information, so people talk still about red versus white fibers, or red muscle versus white muscle, well the solace is a very red muscle because it's got like lots of myeloat, woven in it, it's got a lot of capillaries, so it's going to be a lot of blood, you can take that muscle out and look at it. Whereas you've actually got a white and a red gastrochneem, yes, you can see visibly when you strip away the skin, you look at those muscles, the two heads of that muscle on the rat, one is white and one is red, it's kind of pinkish and a more whitish color. So that's where that normal cleavage becomes from originally, what's from the rodent research before you can take the whole muscle out of the human, when a rat you can, you can take it out and weigh it, you know, and you can add a lot of count the number of fibers to look at the possibility of high-to-plasia. Yeah, and you've got these kind of cool situations where you've got almost all of one fiber type so you can see how things differ there. You had a question, I think you're going to say something to you and you're out of it. No? No? Okay, I said, yeah, so this is, I was just kind of listening along. Yeah, so this is a chart from a nicer view, it's a bit old, but these models have been used, like this is the 1990 when this publication came out. So, we're in 30 years ago and these models have been used for decades before that. Yeah, so they kind of compared strength training versus this stretch hypertrophy, which is the rate of quails to compensatory, hypertrophy, or synergistic relation, to exercise induced models like this or this one. This one's a little bit different because these aren't voluntary contractions. And you see in terms of the, they call, they call the response to geography here, that you see the same sort of adaptations in these animal models. In terms of fiber type changes, in terms of the relative amount of growth that you see in humans. So you're getting, you're getting a similar type of effect. You're not seeing the animals, like, or they're getting like two or three times the muscle growth when they're undergoing a seen kind of stimulus. The thing that's interesting is that you can't really do stretch hypertrophy in humans. And when compensatory hypertrophy is compared to exercise in humans, it's, you get a more much more robust growth response. It's pretty tremendous. So 5,200 percent increase in muscle arm, but the muscle mass just weighing the left muscle during this case. So, except there's a nipped a little study that I, and I know I mentioned here a couple of times I think is really cool. So at this point, we didn't know we didn't have anything to, that was comparable in humans in terms of compensatory hypertrophy. So this, of course, again, you're taking out the gastroch, or the end of the solace, and looking at what's left, and looking at the extent of growth, you get those muscles. About a 50 to 100 percent growth over the course of months, right? And pretty much after three or four months, you're getting things to plateau it off. And what's worth knowing how I'm going to mention this? What happens in these animals? They cut, they cut the insertion connections here so they cut the killies ten hundred, or the large part of it, it connects these two muscle, muscle heads to the killies ten ten. And then the animals recover from Q days, and then they just walk around and they regain normal locomotion. So their activity becomes the same. So the overload isn't from lifting, it's from walking around all the time. And they just have much less muscle mass, but they're you, but they have an adaptation, the compensates for the missing muscle mass, and they get hypertrophy, they get muscle growth. And you actually get some hyproplasia there, but they just call it an extra hypertrophy. So, so we've got this very cool study that I found a couple years ago, so excited when I found this. So again, the remaining muscle grows fifty to hundred percent when you do this compensates for hypertrophy, which you're not going to do, you're not going to cut muscles of humans and see what happens. They're remaining muscle, like touch a gas track, see how much your soul is grows. But people sometimes have a killies ten ten ruptures. Yeah, they do. And one way that you can repair that is to take the flexor who loses longest muscle. So that's the muscle that flexes your toe. So it's a little bit any, like normally a little, it would be a muscle here. It's not very big. It comes under your medium-alolus here and goes down so to your big toe. You're kidding me. Like your big toe. Yeah. I never knew that. It was just fascinating that it has that level of circuitry that runs down. I've heard that the foot is the most complex. One of the most complex parts of the body. The hand is even more complex, but yeah. So it's important. A lot of the powers that all across the ball of your foot, so this muscle is here to keep your big toe here, your halix, it loses longest returns. This is just the, there's the hulusus, brevus muscle too. So this is the long and the muscle. So what they do then, in the case where your Achilles or this muscle has been, where your Achilles has been torn through an accident, right? Is they basically, they kind of sewed the two, this end, tend in together. And then they attach the normal attachment here and the hulusus longus and then they attach that at the Achilles. So basically, what we have is this small muscle that has to take over for this muscle mass, which is now not connected. It is sort of partially. But we've got a very, very similar situation to when you've done the clipping here, experimentally, because here we have situation where there was a, there was an injury. So now we got a ton of overload on this flexor hulusus longus muscle. And in this particular study, this is just a follow-up study. And what they did is they compared the good leg. So there's no people didn't have, they didn't have bilateral Achilles tears, which is one side. So they compared the good leg and they're walking basically normally. They did some muscle strength tests as well, kind of bypassed that those Gitos aren't really important for this talk. But they found on average when they compared the good, the normal size, flexor, lusus longus, that it's normal size, with the one that it had been used to compensate for the torn Achilles, about a 52% increase in muscle size. And the max was 104%. And here's an MRI showing this, and I circle this already. So here's the good side flexus longus. And here, this is a really shoddy, certainly. But this is how they do this. I did this for my dissertation. You do a circle, the muscle. The computer helped you make a better circle in process. So this was a doubling over a little bit over 100% increase in flexor. So that suggests very briefly that this, at least this model of compensatory hypertrophy in rodents where we get about 50 to 100%. We've got the same response toography as chimpson refer to it. In humans, when we have a similar situation, where we have one muscle that has to take over and compensate for missing muscle mass otherwise. Now let me ask you a question. Now did we do the rat studies first in that informed us to say, hey, we may be able to do this in humans. Do you know if that's, I would have to think that there was some, you know, that didn't just come up with that one day and say, hey, let's give this a try. I guess Mike, that's my question. Is this based off of having no and through studies and animals that this could be something that could benefit us? Yeah, well in the animals, they just cut the muscles. They don't do any, any tendon transfer. Okay, so this is a tendon transfer procedure that, you know, that that surgeons figured out and probably could go and look, I haven't looked in that literature, go and look and see, I'm just wondering. Yeah, I'm wondering if animal studies had informed us in under, I'm just trying to see, you know, we have animal studies benefited us, had they benefited in this case? I see what you're showing us, though, you're basically showing us that this is something that had occurred a similar type thing was done in animals and we got a similar result in humans is what your telling me. That's a really good question because I think, imagine this. Imagine we do this, we attempt, we know as we call it compensatory, perfectly because there is a compensation. But imagine there was no compensation. Imagine we just, what happened was the animals were just, they were just permanently debilitated, right? And they never recovered. They never, they were normal gate was never restored and you didn't see any growth in the remaining muscles. See, cut the gastroccane. These are the soleis can plant, interest can ever take over that never grows again, or you can try cutting the soil. Like no combination, you see any compensation in terms of muscle growth to make up for the muscle that's been, for the tonotomy is occurred with the tenants being cut. Then I almost 100% positive that the smart researchers, because we pay attention to the land of literature, right? They would have said, well, that's probably would probably be a silly thing to try in humans because the animal research suggests there's no compensation. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. This tended to transfer and hope that the flue, that flexes along with the grow, which it does. But the animal research says that the rodents and rodents are, they're generally they're hardier than human, right? That's kind of the concern is that they can handle shift that we can handle. And that's probably true in some cases. They're just kind of seen, they're just a general observation. They're just pretty hardy. They do stuff. Some of it's, I don't even say what it is, because it's kind of, but animals do things that, you know, like what's the movie Scott, where these guys, like they're on a, on some sort of a flight over Antarctica or and the flight, the, and the, the plane goes down and they end up like becoming cannibals. Oh, I know you're talking about. Was like the soccer team or something? Yeah, something like that. So they're like holy shit. Like people are, animals do that kind of stuff. They add that, they add that. They're people of that. Yeah. They adapt. Like, and they're, they're way, willing to do things that we think of as very animalistic. It's kind of, it turns out, yeah. So they're really frigging hardy. So people, if research had shown that animals being resilient as they are as hardy as they are, they didn't have compensation to this type of, of attempts. And I'm guessing the surgeons would have thought, you know, you could, you have to get these things approved initially in some way, shape, or form. Those research that usually has happened before. Unless there was some rogue surgeon, you know, again, I haven't looked into this, into the origin story of trend and transfers, to see what they, what they did, especially in terms of this. This is different than for instance, the trend of transfer in the hand. Okay. Because the do hand, hand, trend of transfers too. The people who've had injuries from car wrecks are what have you. This one's a continuous loading. So if, you know, if you're going to try to justify this thing and you say, we know that when you do, with the compensating, a purchasing model that animals do compensate with when their muscle mass is missing, blah, blah, blah, that gives us reason to believe that there's, there's potential for success in these individuals. If we try this particular trend of transfer, I think I was getting ready to mention is this flexor loses long and longest tendon. It doesn't have to be transplanted very far. It's very close proximity to where the tendon is cut or which has been disrupted by the injury is. So it's the, it's kind of the logical one to choose because of that. Yeah, so yeah, this, so this is really, I'm very, I'm very, I'm so glad you asked this because the animal research informs us that we have some potential success to be had here in trying this tendon transfer procedure, which is now done. There was like eight or ten subjects to speak. This is, this is just sort of a cross-sectional case report basically. Yeah. But yeah, if the animal research suggests that the muscle just doesn't have the plasticity, which we now know it does, and you couldn't have convinced of human subjects committee that this is a viable study to do because they say, no, you're not going to do that. Like you've been making sufferers through the study and then their muscles never going to recover and they're just going to be, you're just going to put them to a unnecessary pain and sufferer. Yeah, I just figured out to ask that, but yeah, what else we got to hear? We're questions. I'm excited to see where we go with this next. Yeah, okay, so this is from what I put this together for this article, wrote for John Meadowside. So people can find this, if they go on there and just look at my name, they can. So if we look at animals versus human, so with this and sort of a scale of changes in muscle size, kind of here's our baseline, you can go after-feed, there's various muscles there. I think this is just muscles of muscle growth, you're wanting to, there's muscles of after-feed that humans and animals have, and those are comparable to. And then if we look at what happens in terms of muscle growth on a scale of like 50 to 200, and this would be actually 200 plus percent, we had more than 200 percent in that one study that Jose Antonio did. Okay. We've got sort of this, the scale where body-building training gives us slow gains, and if you look at someone who starts off at 160 pounds and they make it to 260 or something like that, they may have doubled their muscle mass, right? Yeah. We're in this 50 to 100 percent range of commenced or higher perky, with animals, right? Resistance training with animals matches what we see with humans, right? Resistance training in the short-term matches the rate of growth and seeing humans. We've gotten out of this cool case study with the tendon transfer, where the compensator or higher perky, basically what that was, in animals was equivalent to what you see in humans, 50 to 100 percent, the numbers matched really, really well. And of course, there's various things that play a role here, and this is important to substance diet, training, and lifestyle, and genetics, I should have probably written this in here, add this genetics to you, so I want to make this point too. It's really good. It looks like a challenge, just scribble with crayon. It wasn't going to say anything. That's okay. Let's go to the TV channel. You get credit for trying. Hey, that's not bad. That's, you know, it's both the mouse. This happens when you do electronic zoom into your signing and only, oh, God, yeah. It looks like it's always, it's redo. Reduce, redo, redo. How can you count on you? I guess it's good enough. So in an e-slim training, you can do e-slim training with animals and humans. I did this actually for my, for my dissertation, we train humans with electroslimulation, at least in the short-term, like an eight-week window. You get about double the rate of muscle growth when you train with e-slim. And you get, yeah, with an isocunetic device, because you, you producing a contraction in a way that your nervous system can. You're overwriting the normal neural inhibition during eccentric contractions. And when you're in an isocunetic machine, the muscle forces that eccentric connection, contraction at whatever speed you set up to do that. Yeah. And there's no inhibition to reduce the force, the amount of muscle that's activated. So the forces are just sky high. Beyond, it can be, to mount how much stimulus, how much juice you have from another machine, it can be harder than what you can physically produce, voluntarily, with a maximum voluntary effort. And you're using less muscle to do that, because you're not fully, turning on the muscle with all the stem, you could probably would end up injuring someone if you tried to do that. I've never gone that or even with myself, it went now that's not smart. That's why the nervous system has this built in inhibition anyway. But you can probably, you can get more that way. And this is what, or what's they in the device, a lot of people were using, especially a couple of years ago. The Dexter Jackson used it. Oh, the new finishing. The new V-machine. Yeah. So that's one form of the stem training people have been adding. You get a different, you get a non-physiological, east-lim contraction pattern that's going to favor activation of motor units during the eccentric that you might not normally activate. Maybe at all, with a given free weight. And you create more, mass amount of muscle damage if you do this without having familiar eyes, the muscle to that, so you get a sort of repeated about effect, you can really destroy the muscle with east and really damaging. That tells you how novel and powerful the stimulus is. So east-lim training, for this, a whole other topic we're flowing into. But the main point here is that animals, this animal research, all this stuff matches really what we have our response to poverty. That's really, really similar to humans. So there is something to say there they're using animals where you can take out the whole muscle and you can count the fibers and you can do things that you just can't do in humans. Yeah. And there's other advantages there too, which I'll talk about a bit too. So more on animal models, people want to read this, are you a man or a mouse, this article that I wrote back in 2013 for John, and this is where this figure comes from. Great size. Yeah. Yeah. Awesome size. So great stuff. I had signed up there to get your, how to skin a bodybuilder articles part one and two. Yeah. Yep. Yep. I've got like, I think 13, 14 articles on there. That's where the, the old carnaging article is too. Oh yeah, yeah. My, my, my, my two quarter, not long ago, just last year, last year in 2022. So, um, so a little bit more, I thought about, do I want to open the can of drugs? Yes. I think we both were saying like that, that this idea that rats don't, they don't apply to humans or animals don't apply to humans. There, there are some differences. So this is a really cool figure. Um, this comes from publication by Shanks at all 2009. They credit James Harris for this. So you can find this figure there and in this. If everyone wants the original studies, I can send those to you. Um, I really get asked for those. Everyone, everyone wants someone asked for a study and it wasn't actually a study I was talking about is a hypothetical, but you want to take an old send me. So this is a pretty cool figure that's really, really interesting. And these, this is looking at bi availability, and uh, so here is the animal bi availability from a 0 to 100%. For various drugs that were under study, compared to human bi availability. And they just grouped this into primates. So, monkeys, macaques, that kind of thing, rodents, many mice, and rats, I thought, to a hamsters in there, and then dogs. And if there was equivalent biolarability, so that's really important for a drug, take 100 milligrams, how much would actually be available to have its, its farm-acoustic dynamic actions. You can't talk about one one action aspect of farm-acoustic, so the body does with the drug. And if it's a one, if it's a one to one, 100% for both, we would be up here, 100% for the rodent. In this case, I'm certainly green ones, that's rodents, 100% for humans. And then the line of identity would be here, we straight line. And for some drugs, this could be maybe where human is. If it hasn't been modified in some, like your humans very poorly biolavailable, in terms of what gets into the bloodstream, although it has probably has some less actions on the microbiome. So, we've got, for some drugs, a very similar biolavability, right? We look at those, they're sort of centered around this line of identity. But then you're going to have some drugs, like this one, where it was any plus percent biolavable in humans on average, and then in rodents, it's like whatever, 2% biolavable. Nothing, right? And sometimes it can be the opposite. So, that's the thing that needs to be examined. When we have a rodent study, and sometimes people will look at these, even this is, this can be the tough part. I sometimes just happen, tap with the melatonin topic, for instance. I notice that it seemed like a lot of reviews were missing on, missing picking up on and discussing important points that I saw to discuss another reviews. And how can they're not mentioning this? So, people aren't going back and doing the full review, and what ends up happening with the topic like that that's been discussed at nauseam. And I see this, I see even sometimes students being taught this in universities, that old studies that are older than five years, you can't cite those for your, for your, you are really like, like when you write something, yeah, like you're like, not at all, even if you want to provide historical perspective, they just don't want any references just like you have to ignore the past. And that is, that is a fatal flaw, as far as I'm concerned, because what I think happens in looking at just this phenomenon, where reviews seem to miss what other reviews are caught up and caught on is if you don't go back and look, but what is previously done, then you're missing some very important factors, and literally like very basic phenomena cannot be picked up on. So, yeah, so that wasn't going to talk about that with melatonin. So, this is just one feature where sometimes it is, sometimes it's not. So, if you want to say that someone could look at this and say, well, look, there's really no correlation here, right? That's, if you correlated all of these points, it's just a pure, basically, a random scatter. There's no, there's no clustering of these points around this line of identity, which suggests that there's a person product moment or other correlation between the animal biovailability of all these different species and the human biovailability. So, someone could say then, there's no application, in terms of biovailability, we can't count on animal, animal, data, whatsoever, to reflect human data. Because, looking at, as the whole, that's, that's true. If you look at this particular statistic, but I refer people to look up the book, how to lie with statistics. One way you can lie with statistics is the whole book, that's the title of the book. But in some cases, for some drugs, you've got very, very similar biovailability, and those cases, then the animal data is very relevant. So, let's go back here to even this, this quail ideas. Like, you can't do this in the extent of hypertrophy, the muscle growth. Here's the stretch overload, right? You get like 200% increase in the muscle size, no matter a month. There's nothing you can do with humans that, that, you know, you could get approval for that. But do that. And who, probably, two, with humans, if you, because you really just have your, your clavocal connecting your shoulder girdle to your, to your spinal column, it's actually a rib cage, right? You probably would like end up, like dislocating or subluxing your spin it, and or separating your shoulder if you try to like lug a fifth-year-old pound dumbbell around your elbow and constantly hanging. Yeah, you know, like if you're sitting at your desk, like you got a type with one hand, because it thinks constantly hanging with these bird birds. So, it just couldn't do that. But what we did get, as I noted with this, that I talked about studying with Jose Antonio, we had this really cool phenomenon where the fibers got bigger as the muscle got bigger and the fibers got smaller as the muscle continue to grow. Huh, that explains something we see in humans, where we can't take out muscles, and we can't count all the fibers, where we see humans with big muscles and ever-sized fibers. Maybe the same thing happens in humans. So even, you look at this, this one aspect, this one feature of response to talk to my, to talk to you, where you've got muscle growth that, way, you see if anything we've seen in humans, there still was a phenomenology behind that where the fibers got bigger and they got smaller, as the adaptation proceeded over time that explains something that when we see, we look cross-sectionally at bodybuilders with average size fibers and big muscles. So, if you throw the, you're throwing the baby out with the bath water, because you just generalize in that way. And those are some examples from the area of exercise science and muscle biology, muscle physiology, and bodybuilding basically that are pretty cool. What do I got now? Oh, here's another, people, I just kind of refer to people. This is the title of a paper that was, I thought it was pretty cool. So there's some problems too, if you look at systematic reviews, this is sort of a review of reviews that there's can be issues that you've got some advantages, and I'm certainly going to have generalized a huge review. You've got some advantages, which you talk about that with the animals, but sometimes that leads to a little bit of sloppiness in terms of how the science gets done. One thing I noticed just in, and this is, you can see this across science, is that the more the harder the science, let's say, so physics is a very hard science, either the particle exists or it doesn't, either you measured it or it didn't. And if you're talking about like particle physics, like a photon's a photon's a photon. Like that's not true of humans. Like a human's not a human is not a human. We've got massive bio-individuality here, whereas in physics, which is kind of the hardest of all sciences, you don't even worry about statistics, lots of cases. So, you need to, unless you're getting into, yeah, then you're getting into all sorts of theoretical physics, then you've got a different story. But for instance, one of the things that was brought up, if you look at toxicology, way that animals handle particular toxins, compared to humans, can be very, very species-specific, so rodents, for instance, they can handle a lot more toxins, even when you're relativized into body surface area, which I didn't mention, I should have thrown that in here, but you can find that I've mentioned this repeatedly over and over again. You just can't say, if you give one gram per kilogram to a rodent, that's the same as one gram per kilogram for a human. Because metabolism varies typically people use body surface area, because there's a relationship between body surface area, which reflects size, but not just mass, and a rate of metabolism. So there are ratios that can be used for comparing mice versus rats versus humans, or hamsters versus humans or dog versus humans. So, and dogs, even when you do that realization, toxicology can be very different, right? Experiminal conditions in humans can be dependent to sort the outcomes. So you can use really high doses, you can do things that just wouldn't be ethical in humans. They don't mimic the humans in area. So you overload a rat and feed them what would be the equivalent of one pound of some supplement per day, and they get cancer after a year. No one's going to eat one pound of caffeine a day or 500 milligrams of caffeine a day. So it's nice in that you're getting an extreme circumstance. We push this to the very limit, and these animals end up with this toxicological profile, but it really doesn't have relevance to what the average person is going to do. But it's a nice thing to know, it's not a benign substance. There are some side effects toxicological issues. I mentioned before, methalologic qualities, so sample size. In a human study, you need to do what's called a power analysis. So you figure out, okay, what is a meaningful difference when we get, when we have x condition for one group versus the placebo group or the control group? Is it 20% more muscle mass or a fifth percent more muscle mass important? Okay, cool. So if you want to have just a relatively good chance, and there's sort of numbers that are being used that are agreed upon of detecting such a difference in your experiment, then you need to factor in how variable you're typically, how variable the response is, so the standard deviation of response, and also how robust your response is. So you want to have for instance a training protocol that produces muscle growth in the first place. So if you want to see something that provides that would potentially increase muscle growth, then you have to have something that produces muscle growth. So that has to be factored in and you can run this, it's basic power analysis. A very simple thing to do really, if you have data from having done these procedures in the lab, and then you say, okay, I don't want to have an underpowered study, so I need to have, Shannon, you have 20 people in my study, because we have massive variability, and we don't have a great training response. Yeah, she's the problem for trained individuals. So shit, we're going to have to, in order and we're going to have a long study, a six month long study, and trained individuals who have at least a year were the training, let's say, which is kind of a common starting point, shit, we're going to have to have a huge study, is that, is that feasible? Yeah. On the other hand, when you've got animals, what kind of happens is like, well, they're all from the same litter, they're basically, they're very, very genetically homogeneous. They all look the same, like they actually do have personalities to some degree, like these are work with rats, they kind of get to know which ones which, give them names, sometimes that sort of thing, but they're very, very similar, so they're like family members are even closer, right? And they're all the same sex, you don't have, you don't have gender or sex issues, and you can control their conditions, control their feed, you control everything that's going on, especially in terms of what condition they get, whether they're the trained group or the non-trained group or they get the supplement, not just supplement, but what have you. So what that means, of course, is that that's really, really powerful, because you don't have a huge variability, and if you have, if you can do things with animals that like, compensatory hyperature, you get this robust response, you get 50, 100% muscle growth in a matter a couple of months, that's awesome. Yeah. So then you can see something matters. You do run into a potential ceiling effect, maybe you're turning on muscle mass, muscle growth, so tremendously, it doesn't matter what you do, right? It's going to happen. And then actually does, and I'll come back to that in just a second. So in animal research, sometimes what happens is they don't do power analyses, they're like, why would they need to? They know they have a robust response, they know they have minimal variability, they got all the features, they need that people pick up on things, so they do, they do six animals, you know, are they 10 animals? A lot of good studies, they do many more, but that tends to be an issue because animal researchers, they don't do that necessarily, because they've been princess doing studies where they didn't have to do it and get away with it. So one's up happening is they have underpowered studies, from going goes back, this is what this researcher did, they went back and look and said, yeah, what you did is find a difference because you had an underpowered study. You didn't have enough samples, it would be like going out and saying, um, you know, I want to find out if men are on average power than women, and you just, you just go out and look at the people who happen to walk past your driveway, right? And you took two men and two women and two men, and you have picked in two short guys and two tall women, like, okay, there we go, women are taller than men, right? Yeah, well, on average it's not true, but you did, you did, your sample size wasn't big enough, right? And you had too much variability because there's going to be lots of women there, taller than men, there's lots of overlap. So interesting the enough, I was going to say, um, uh, in the context of compensatory hypertrophy, which is very interesting, and I've mentioned this before on the podcast. It is a very robust response, and you can look up a guy named Goldberg, we talked about this, I think, in three podcasts. Who talked about Goldberg? Literally, yeah, you take out, you use, you use, you use, you struck a Zodosin and you kill off the beta cells in the pancreas, so there's no insulin. Yeah. The muscle grows just the same, that's right for a hypertrophy. You take out their thyroid gland, you got no thyroid, it's important for metabolism, right? It doesn't matter, you get the same rate of muscle growth, you take out the perpetuity, so now the missing, missing thyroid, now they're missing growth hormone, now they're missing testosterone. You got the same rate of muscle growth, it doesn't matter. You take out all those things, you take out the thyroid, you take out insulin, you take out growth home, you take out testosterone, kind of important for a body of the perspective, and the muscle still grows just the same, because we don't have the tendon transfer studies in humans, where they found some people who were missing their two attorneys, and they're very pretty. They're offered thyroid medication, and they gave them diabetes and let them go with that insulin, but you do this with animals, and you see their same rate of muscle growth, so that's an interesting factor, right? If you look at that, you'd say, well, insulin doesn't matter for muscle growth, which you know from times of other things, testosterone doesn't matter for muscle growth, yes, it does, we know this, right? You look at the other studies, but if you look at that body of literature, those things, you're like, okay, this animal model, it sucks, like it doesn't tell a shit, because it doesn't tell us about those important hormone factors that are important for muscle growth. Yeah. I don't throw the baby out with bathwater, it is important because it actually matches in terms of the reponct response in terms of muscle growth over time. It does match really well with humans, we know this is a tendon transfer thing. So there's things to take, which you just have to take it with a grain of salt, they appropriately size grain of salt. Yeah. So, and then the last thing I'll think I mentioned this in the next slide, you can come up with transgenic animals, you've got this genetic homogeneity, so you can make animals, you know, like animal models of obesity, where they're missing the left and gene or the missing the gene, or they have a defective gene for the left or receptor, right? And those are just, so you mean you've got some people, there's like, I think a family, which we're grossed from France, that lack the left and receptor and they were very obese, but you know, if you really want to say, okay, it's left and important for this side of the other, issues with transgenic model. Like you completely wipe the impact of the left and you can't do that in humans, right? You're not going to find people to do those sorts of things. And you know, someone who, you really, if someone did lack in left and you knew this, well then the ethical thing would be to start treating that lack of left and for their own health folks, right? Right? Right. Yeah, so on the other side, you've got this human genetic diversity. So there's an advantage there and you can have a very detailed sort of non-physiological pathological way of observing the impact of specific genes or specific hormones or specific proteins on any type of physiological response or adaptation. And then you can take some information for that, but no, it doesn't, you can't say that, you know, left in is all that matters for human obesity, that's of course not true. But you do know that if left in isn't working, those animals are very obese. They're just little, they're just round balls of that basically. Yeah, both the OVOV and the DBD, mice. So, so a couple last things, general thoughts. I've mentioned this already animals are, you know, the in-bred species with genetic or about the spelling issue. They're just type this up little bit and now we're going to, when we get to wide genetic variability in humans, this is worth knowing, too, or mentioning the higher arc of scientific evidence. So, you know, you can have case reports, you know, individual observations that, you know, you'll see what you're, could be very, very valuable. This is, this is where some people would put, you know, grow science, just some degree, grow anecdotal reports, right? Okay. This is what I see. When I think of grow science, I think of something where someone has said, this is what I see, and here's my science at the explanation for it, and the science is just completely made up. It doesn't match anything. It's actually science. It doesn't match anything. You learn in school, or in the, finding the scientific literature, they're just making up bullshit to make them sound self-sounds more intelligent or smarter or self-sensored product or whatever. But then we have animal trials. In vitro studies, we talk about these in vitro studies, or things in a cell culture. Cross-sectional studies, and we're talking about humans, case-control studies, where we isolate two different populations of people and compare one to another. So, different populations of people in different countries, or people with the same look at Japanese people who have grown up, first generation, they grow at the US, eating a US diet versus Japanese people who live in Japan. It's the impact on cardiovascular disease, for instance. In their cohorts studies, you follow people, a training hand study, that sort of thing, where you follow cohorts, people in watch, what happens to cardiovascular risk, watch what happens to various things. How important is exercise over the lifespan in terms of preventing the risk of hip fractures in women, or something like that, right? What kind of exercise? We have randomized controlled trials, placebo-controlled, double-blinded, all those are important. And then, usually see at the tip top here, the meta-analyses and systemic reviews. And I do think these are obviously super important. And the thing that I come back to is that these are telling us about what kind of the purpose of science is, can we take a phenomenon studied in a population which we know is relative to homogeneous and say with statistical reasonable probability that if we give this supplement or we have this condition that we're going to have this particular effect or this particular outcome or this elevated risk factor, what have you under those circumstances? And that's something that basically reflects the general usability with which we can that comes from the science that we're going to see this particular effect. This thing's going to happen. So, we know you can look at a meta-analysis that says resistance-training increases muscle growth, right? Bye, whatever. And then you see that's just just a just to call, just statistically significant finding, and we see that over the studies and we see that in reviews and what have you? But there are some people who don't who are non-responders and there are some people who are hyper-response. So these individual randomized controlled studies where you see the individual data and I talked about this here and I talked about this in my why you don't look like a pro-thought. The genetic variability is important. We can see that in these studies if you have any other report to data and we can even see that here in these case control reports. You can see this individual. Any coaches out there, Scott, you know this as well as anybody, not all your clients are the same. Some of them like say where a trend balloon is God's you know it's the holy grail right works great other people note just fuck some up because they can't sleep, they can't recover and they don't go anywhere. Right. So you've got these situations. So this is the hierarchy of science and the evidence but they're also other ways of knowing things. So that's important to keep in mind there's the ethical issues animals versus humans. Tests of outfours, adverse outcomes like the LD50s like what kind of dose is it take to kill up if you're a stand-up a test population or test the test sample we can't we're not going to do that humans right. I mentioned muscle exasperation taking out entire muscle mass fiber counting. You can't do direct body composition in humans. You know you can do a dexa, you do sorts of things but you can't actually tell someone how much body fat they have unless you kill them and do a chemical analysis and that's not worth it. So and I mentioned this to ease of data generation. You can do just you can you can bring animals in and do sorts of pilot studies and these just get your subjects are right there they're available. You just order them your animal show up at your at your they delivered to your door they're delivered to your university you'll pick them up you're good to go. Right and you can you can and they're expendable to some degree. I hate this but this is sort of how things work you do have to get research you have to get approval to do things in the in the university setting the research setting. Sure but humans require much more care and time dealing with human subjects people that you know are sort of keyboard scientists warriors to say I didn't have enough enough people or you had the huge dropout rate. It is not easy to recruit subjects you do so much crazy stuff. By doing that it's a massive output of energy keeping people happy and motivating them etc etc. So you can kind of a broad brush with the animal research some of its applicable something is not depending what you're studying and you're getting more of the finer strokes understanding these phenomena from human studies and then you need to look at the individual data points look what happens to some people some people re-compturing studies they go to training the lose body fat in the game muscle mass. And the people don't get any muscle mass they go nowhere. So you're still not getting everything when you're looking at the epnischististical significance using the statistical significance lens that is typically used and randomized controlled civil controlled double blinded studies because there are differences among individuals and that's what matters for you is what works for you even if the study says it doesn't or does don't. I mean you're. Yeah that's the whole crew the whole pack. Yep that's the yep that's the the suky in the background that's a little sorry the suky in the front here in the little super room. Yeah my nugget career there's the blitzie blue my blitzie bear and this is the fox now. Foxy in the back can't have you fox yep that's nice with the waggy tail you can see is that new picture that's an older picture I was looking I have I've used my laptop I have a one-trick some other computer but this is in our truck camper oh this is right before the pandemic actually when I got spam okay yeah well they still look happy they're still there's still glad to be there with you you know oh what are we doing today dad yeah exactly yeah so all right well listen if you were to sum this up Scott if you were to sum this up into the the elevator pitch um our rat studies useless okay frozen for a little while they're scary I quit the oh came out of power point okay we now I can hear you can hear me all right yep yep all right just a short lip so the elevator pitch how does some rises yeah um don't throw the baby out with the bathwater animal research there's there's all sorts there's all sorts of utility for this the things it just can't be done and to give us insights that we otherwise couldn't have like that that phenomena of fibers being average size and muscles that are larger you don't have high purgifete but you've got a larger muscle so there's so much there but you need to contextualize it so there are it there times when the animal research is is is much less relevant um and there are times when it's very relevant and it depends on what aspect one feature of of physiology of ad adapts or response to mock photography that you're concerned with and to generalize and just say that how do it is phrase animals don't apply animal studies don't apply to humans is just really an over-general over-generalization that is not true when stated in that fashion there's very well can't be some cases when you're like yeah this one doesn't really fit and some of that can be that the animal studies do apply to some humans some humans but they may not apply to you because you're an outlier in terms of that particular feature in terms of that particular response or adaptation so that's the thing to consider and you can always just read the studies and make your own mind up but just to like just throw that away like you're missing out you know yeah it's like you're like the guys like I want to I did I looked at two women and two guys it walked past my drive went all women are taller than a men I'm never gonna date because I want to woman that's shorter than me and they're all taller oh my gosh right you're just lost your whole your whole relationship possibilities because you didn't look look a little bit closer into the in the data and everyone has the ability to do that you can find this stuff as I say again and again on Google scholar on PubMed it's all available it's it's so available now it's amazing so don't undervalue your own own ability to screw dies the research because you can average intelligence person figure wanting to stuff out if they're willing to try you know I should dig back Scott and see if we have if I have the video still for the episode where you talked about learning how to read studies I feel like we could read release that same podcast because that was excellent that was a good two plus years ago now maybe four years ago even you know but I think that would be a that would be a good one that would be a fun one to go back over again just to talk about the basics about here's a study here are the parts of a study this is this is what you can do with it I think there a lot of people wouldn't get a lot out of that yeah and I did that that was a topic on and I can't remember which one other podcast that I did like in the last year okay yeah I've done that topic a few times yeah this is a big one yeah you know so it's out there it's you can leave the horse to water but can't make a great kind of thing yeah yeah but maybe somebody will you know it'll work somebody up the thing is I think and this is our both gas we don't know like there's nothing to call anybody out but chances are and this is this is the issue this is kind of the crux of this is that to some degree we have to have to sort of trust in someone right someone's the expert right and you can't be an expert in everything like I'll just example like I mean unless you're an automatic yourself you got to take your card or someone maybe can change your own oil and you can you know put your tires on or what have you but eventually you're going to have to leave let let someone else be your your expert and make some decisions for you and if your expert is told you something like how that animal studies they don't matter whatsoever that's the thing we kind of watch out for because that maybe very true in very specific instance but the thing I would suggest people to do is to ask that expert for the evidence for that and if they are truly the expert and they come up with that because they have you know a very cheap a very deep insight into that particular area and they should have that information on the top of their head they should be giving an example or explain themselves really really easily you know the believe me just because I said so type of response is one is okay maybe I'll go look into it myself it's kind of like kind of when you go into the car the mechanic you know and they say they're going to give you this estimates like why don't we gotta do that and their answer doesn't make sense like okay trust your intuition yeah you know and go get a second opinion so second opinions are are totally worth it in this area yeah it's funny that's the exact reason that you don't really like to be called doctor doctor scottes Stevenson because you know I think a lot of people don't know that you don't want people to put you on that pedestal of being like just blindly trust you would rather people ask those questions which you know I have a lot of respect for that yeah it's it's so it's a weird thing it's like the fan phenomenon or it's nice it's good to have respect for people and it's good to know what's coming from right yeah but but the doctor thing it it puts I mean I see this all the time you've probably seen this with your clients at the as with my clients and with friends who've gone in and they speak with western physicians and I'm not trying to bash on wet through western physicians just like with every question there's awesome trainers there's awesome barbers there's awesome nail technicians there's awesome mechanics and there's some that aren't so great right and there's some physicians and this happens just because we have a mindset in our society with western physicians and I think just the term doctor that they have MD stands for the joke is minor deity right these are gods and they're and they are to be questions and some doctors they don't want to answer those questions and and they can become very some can they just they just tell you they don't know giving you actually these things yeah so that is I can do very generalize perspective that I've noticed especially in that context with western physicians and the doctor title that just it's just part of our our unconsciousness I think and we we tend to just when you see the doctor thing it's like oh okay this person knows more than you know yeah and then they stop questioning that person I don't know that's like it's really opposite I've said a million times it's like ah now you have a resource for information right and if this person's gonna be it's there a good teacher which is hopefully why you're there to learn from them how you can ask questions they should be able to tell you all sorts of stuff not the opposite like it's just believe me thing it's just the opposite which it should be like ah now I can pick your brain you know be nice don't don't come up to someone in the gym it's right asking questions right um for half an hour but yeah you got a resource and it's been the doctor person but I avoid that just because most people who ask me stuff they recognize that I can be a resource and the doctor thing generally it ends up working against against what I'm trying to and the work towards which is openness and information and and helping people learn for themselves right um well with all that sense got I appreciate you taking the time to go over all this like I said man this is uh something that I think you could specialize in this topic versus anybody else that we podcast with so I'm grateful that that we do have you as that resource and this is this is my gig man I look at the research and I try to make it understandable so figuring out when the reason that's I mean I talked about that prints in the context of end sades and various my articles yeah I've I brought out that you don't always see the same responses right at patients and humans versus rats you got to have to be very careful for that yeah yeah yeah I numerous responses or numerous examples are popping in my head but we'll save that um so there are many cases where I brought that to the four fun and so there's some truth in that but that would black and white world baby fortunately all right guys well for another episode of muscle minds go to bbiobccoach.com and get Scott's book there be your own bodybuilding coach or you can find it over an Amazon it's great book and get the hard cover an Amazon you get the ebook at bbiobcoach.com of course go to our great sponsors turnutrition.com use our code think they're having a new year's thing where they have like 15% off the site so for our life people who are watching here and the Facebook group for think big bodybuilding media you go take advantage of that right now otherwise use our code think helps to sport a programming and you get a small discount with that also strong sports nutrition for those of you in the UK and of course supplement source.ca for those you can canada you get great deals that roll week to week they change all the time of course thank you to everybody on patreon appreciate you guys very much and thank you to everybody who's watching live today. Scott Stevenson most of all thank you to you it has been a pleasure to have another year of podcasting and I look forward to seeing what we do in the future man. Hell yeah yeah yeah to that someone who might listen to someone who's just gonna laugh 2023s our year Scott it's our year baby yeah hopefully nothing hopefully it doesn't come back to haunt us right. All right. I'll speak to somebody said that at the beginning of 2000 and was a 2020 when when the pandemic hit it was right at the beginning of the year and somebody paid for everybody's food at a restaurant and something they did like a news interview about it and this woman was like 2020 is gonna be the greatest year ever and then they kept replaying that clip throughout the whole year. Anyway guys saw something the other day to us and then I realized this is in the context of pandemic. Yeah this year 2022 is 2020 too. Yeah that's just a big hit all over you. Yeah oh that's funny. All right see you guys. Bye.