I have a problem with resting space. If you have resting space and you know it, it's your problem. And it's a hindrance to your life because it makes everyone who interacts with you, question, whether you really want to interact with them. And I've talked about this. It's not actually a good thing. People brag about it. Here at Girls Go, well, I just have resting space. And it's like, okay, it's going to cost you a lot. It's going to cost you relationships. It's going to cost you business. It's going to cost you all sorts of interactions with people. It's going to cost you financially. It's going to fucking cost you. It's not a good thing. Learn to be nice to people, smile at people, say hi. If you have resting space, it's a f*** problem. There, how's my rant? It's good. It's good. Yeah. Stop it. People don't want to talk to you. So what are we? One episode 151? Yes, sir. If it's just bodybuilding, scottling now in myself, big round part, though. Dusty Han Shah is, is he laying on a beach? He's laying on a beach, isn't he? Yeah, I have feeling right now at this moment. Though he does have his phone on him. We know that because he texted us back. Right. Okay. Well, maybe if we need, we could try to do a phone friend. People loved that phone friend when we, yeah. And you had the perfect answer, too. You like you would thought about that for years. You know why they liked it? Well, because I answered. It's real lame if you try it and a guy doesn't answer. And you just look like a fool. That's true. Yeah. I don't know if Dusty's got some. Maybe he's doing something better. An answer in my call. No. He's like laying on a beach, drinking a margarita and iPhone, and we're like, eh, fuck those guys. Yeah. Yeah. Those guys. And then we look like fools, right? That's true. That's good happen. So it's a risk. But we do have editing so there is that. I know. I know. I just would just eat me alive. Yeah. We would bring like 10 times it goes to voicemail. Yeah. We would know. Even if we had to do that. Yes. Yes. Yes. I want to start off. I want to send a shout out to Canadian beef podcast, Robin Strand and Morgan McDonald. Oh, no. I was on their show last week. And it was a lot of fun. I like those guys. They're both great guys. And I just wanted to say thanks for having me on. And even got to talk about music a little bit. You know, how I like when people bring that up. So they definitely knew how to have some fun. And it was a good time. So yeah. Excellent. You got it, guys. Somebody message to us. Here it is. Chris had said to us, uh, get big Morgan on the show guys. They want to see Morgan here. Oh, yeah. So OK. Maybe we'll make that work out at some point, huh? Yeah. I mean, I think I can probably, you know, talk them into stuff. All right. You know. OK. So yeah, we got a bunch of YouTube questions. I know that you said we had more YouTube than you thought we could even get to. What do you think happened? They're just exploded. It was, it was that dusty ask. Dusty did this like real, just real dusty thing. It was like a real matter of fact kind of just in, hey, if you can't, he said something like, in, hey, if you comment with questions, we'll answer him on a podcast just like this one. And the way he said it, I think that everybody was just like, you know what, I want my question on a podcast just like this one. It was a logical manipulator. Yeah. Yeah. I think that's what we've seen it. You've experienced, you've lived it. Yeah. You know, he's talked me into many things. Yeah. OK. OK. But as I got an older and more mature, I've been able to talk him out of certain things. It's also helped. That's what makes you a good friend too, you know. Try and try and, you know, OK. Let's get a YouTube question. All right. So like you had mentioned, we have a ton of them. I wanted to start with this one. I pulled this one out of the group because I thought it, it'd be a good question for really both you and dusty. But maybe we can ask Dusty at another point. But the question was for the next episode, what qualifies someone to be a body builder versus just a guy who lives weights? To be a body builder, do you have to step on stage and compete or does living the lifestyle count just the same? To me, if you go to the gym and casually lift a couple times a week, you're not a body builder. But if you dedicate yourself to the diet and training hard with the results, your after, you can call yourself a body builder even if you're not a stage worthy. What are your thoughts? This is an age old question. What point do you get to be a body builder? Yeah. Right? You get to be called a body builder, call yourself a body builder. So there's different ways to look at it. I could get all I could go pretty deep on this one. Should you be pigeon holding yourself as one thing? Is that something that you want to do? Do you just want to be a body builder? Is that all you want to say you are? Or is body building something you do and something that's a part of you? And trust me, I've been through that full spectrum. I lived those years where that what I was. I was on the body builder that was the only thing I identified as. But I'm not sure that's necessarily the healthiest or the best way to approach anything. Trying to take the labels off. Everyone wants to categorize themselves nowadays. How many groups am I a part of? I feel like maybe I have some rejection of that. I just want to be free to not be forced to always be wrong the body builder. I'm seeing that now as I get older. But I always like to look at body building as an activity that you do. Recreational body builders make up 90% of the market. I have to think. Consumed body building content and body building related supplements and go to body building expos and body building and know who branding career is. Of all the people that do that. I mean, most of them don't compete. And I was just body building was an activity. You could be a lot of things and also into body building and you like to do some body building. I don't feel like that term is restricted or it's only reserved for real body builders. I like that lots of people. I like it when lots of people call themselves body builders. It's positive. There's lots of people who work out and they're fit and they watch what they eat and they're trying to put on some muscle and they want a little bigger arms and they're training their calves because they're both their calves bigger. But they don't want to be called body builders. And that's our fault. That's body builders fault. They should want to call themselves body builders. It should be a positive thing. It should be like, yeah, I'm Joe, the physical therapist and I like to snowboard on weekends and I love to work out and I love having my abs and I want to get my squat up and I want to get bigger arms. He should be able to also, he should be comfortable saying, yeah, I like the bodybuild. But some of a lot of those people don't want to say it. And that's because of the negative connotations. They're body building. They've got a tub of way isolate in the cover. Yeah, they've got a fucking dishwasher pull the shaker cups. You know what, too though? I feel like, also, let's say, let's say this guy who's the physical therapist or whatever decides he calls himself a bodybuilder. I feel like other people might look at him. Let's say he's 175 pounds and he's not a big guy. Yes, he is building his body. Yes, he is a bodybuilder. But I also feel like there could be a level of judgment, too. Like, you're not that big. Like, I could see that happening to him. You know what I mean? You don't look like a bodybuilder to me. Yeah, most people's misconceptions as a bodybuilder is a huge. Yeah, but it's just the huge ones that are huge. You know? But there's, I don't know, I like the idea of recreation. I always use the term recreational bodybuilder. Like, I have so many of my friends who recreational bodybuilders. Yeah. You know, they go to the gym four times a week. They've got their way protein. They take their, they take some meals to work. If they miss a workout because their kids got hockey, they miss a workout, whatever. But they're going to get in their next week and, you know, their recreational bodybuilders are doing almost everything we do, you know? Sure. A lot of them are even, you know, T RTN and buying a bottle of deck at here and there. So they're totally bodybuilding, you know? But just because they're not going to compete, doesn't mean they're not bodybuilding. Yeah. I even look at it. I even like with my bikini clients, I reference them as bodybuilders. You know, they're bodybuilding. Yeah. What we are doing is bodybuilding. It might look different for them than say for you and me. But you know, that still is bodybuilding. I'm with you like 100% on that. I don't feel like it should be like this elitist thing where like you have to compete before you can call yourself, you know, a bodybuilding. Yeah. Before you know what it even means, you know, something like that. I always, I always said competitive bodybuilder when I wanted to be clear. Yeah. About what I meant, you know what I mean? Yeah. Like, you know, I would say, oh, yeah, you know, most, you know, my best training partners weren't all competitive bodybuilders, some of them are recreational bodybuilders. You know, like I'll say stuff like that. It kind of differentiates. That's funny. I met what's his name? Gosh, Zach Khan. I met him when I was in England. He's still a big dude. Like he's still treating me. Oh, he's big for life, man. And his legs are, his legs are back. He's able to squat again and stuff. Yeah. And his training partner, he was like, yeah, I don't train with bodybuilders. He was like, I trained with this guy. I forget the guy's name is really nice guy though. And I turned on the look at him. I mean, he's literally the size of Zach. He was like, oh, yeah, he's like, no, I'm not a bodybuilder. I was like, what are you talking about? He was like, well, I don't compete. The dude was the size of a house. He had to be like, in 260, something like that. You know, he's keeping up with Zach Khan. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, that's kind of funny. Well, you know, maybe he just wants to make sure that people understand he doesn't do what Zach does, you know? Yeah. Yeah. It's interesting. All right. I'll see what else I've got here. Oh, we had this one. I think a lot of people run into this. He says, I'm a former fat ass, making the transition from strong man to men's physique. How worried should I be about loose skin on stage? My plan is to come in with top tier conditioning and hopes that the judges will look past it. I'm completely new to this style of training, nutrition, competing. So I'll be asking a lot of questions. So we'll see you soon. I'm sure you're just. Well, yeah. Thanks, Justin. We love the questions. Keep them coming. It just depends on what the situation is. Like how much loose skin are you talking? Are you talking like some wrinkles on your abs and your lower back because I've seen guys like, you know, when master's titles and all sorts of shit and look fantastic and blow people away in the back double. And so you know, and maybe there are 55 with some loose skin or maybe it's a guy who lost 100 pounds. But he's really only got a bit of loose skin around his midsection and his legs are actually pretty tight. And like, you know, I've seen all sorts of different physiques and bodies, thousands and thousands of bodies. So it's really hard to say. And then other people like, I mean, there's just nothing they can do. They've lost so much weight that there's really no way they're ever going to, you know, get the look there after. And so I mean, it just depends on the situation. I guess you have to be honest with yourself. And you know, the one thing is that when dealing with this sort of stuff and trying to gauge where you are on that spectrum, I think it's important to realize that like sometimes something's just not going to be possible because of the situation you've already been through. Right? So I know we like, you know, we all live by like the, you know, never put limits on yourself and it is possible. So I mean, you can get in the best shape. You could ever dream of getting in and you can get on stage a compete. That is always it. That's always up to you. But whether or not that is going to be competitive or not, I mean, you have to just be realistic with yourself. You know, so I mean, some people do competitions now, specifically just to celebrate their transformation. True. I mean, that happens a lot now. So I mean, and I've also seen people like under certain circumstances be like the most inspirational person in the whole show and people are talking about them because of how like amazingly they transformed and how well it turned out and all that stuff like, you know, I've seen people blow people away with what they've managed to do. So he's never know, you never know what to do it. But you know, it just depends on where you're out on that spectrum. Yeah. And I think too, because I think we, you know, as coaches, we've probably both dealt with this a bunch of times with people. I'm sure you have. And you know, you don't know how it's going to shake out. But there's a chance like give them hope too. You know, it may take up. No, you know, it might. Yeah, I've seen that's a crazy, never give up hope. Yeah, I've seen crazy amounts of skin tighten up. Like guys, once you get the fat out in that skin doesn't have, it doesn't have that pressure under anymore, the more time, more time, like even after that's gone, it might still tighten up some. So there's that time. There's a key. Yeah, time, time's a key. Like if someone's worried about loose skin, they shouldn't be dieting for a show. They should be lifestyle dieting already. Never ballking. Like already always trying to get body fat off of them. You know what I mean? Like it's not like you can just do a four month diet like everybody else. I mean, you got to like diet and then stay lighter for like a year. Yeah. And your skin will tighten up over time. And then you can prep next year and you'll have a completely look. Yeah. But you know, if the mentality of like off season has to be non-existent, if you're formerly obese and you've got loose skin, there is no off season. You're permanently going to be like really eating to be lean and change your body like in that in that respect. And you got to do lean gainer off seasons and, you know, really keep it tight. You know? Yeah. Just a different reality. And I think to the other, like I could say a lot, but I'll just add two little things. One, I think it's easy to just focus on that. And then be like, oh, well, I'll never be able to fix this. You know, this loose skin, right. But not thinking about, well, all the other stuff that you can do. Like I can still have incredible abs. Like you said your legs could still look shredded. So yeah. There's that. And then the other thing is too, I've actually seen people that have been able to tape it, like to pull skin and tape it under their trunks to be able to hide some small, you know, imperfections. I helped a guy once who had a very serious loose skin problem around the glutes and abs. Okay. And he was very hard worker. And he was very adamant that he wanted to do the show. And he was very, very confident. And as I was dieting, I mean, he was getting a lot leaner. And he had a lot of muscle. Like he had the yolk, like he was a yoke bodybuilder. You know what I mean? Yeah. Big legs, you know, big traps. He's a big guy. He's a heavyweight. I think. And, and he told me, don't worry about the loose skin. I'm going to tape it. Okay. And I'm like, okay, like I'm not an expert in that at all. Like I've ever taped anybody's loose skin. He's like, no, no, don't worry. I know what I'm doing. I'll I'll I'll take care of it. Okay. And I was like, okay. So anyways, I dieted him down as like he literally had stradied glutes. And like he was in great shape. I was blown away with how lean and muscular he got, but he had a ton of loose skin. It looked really bad. And then I just, you know, he just said, don't worry about it. And he showed up the next day. Yeah. And I couldn't fucking believe how good he looked with his opposing trunk song. Like the match. He did magic. Yeah. Magic with tape. That's bad. I don't even know. I don't even know how he pulled it off. Yeah. I wish I had more photos. I can't, you know, just to show you. But it was one of the craziest things I ever saw. And he wanted to play, seeing really well. Yeah. And it was like a level one show. But he wanted to do it really good. And I just remember he was like, you look fucking good on stage. Like I couldn't even believe it. It's crazy man. You know, that's cool. Yeah. I guess I didn't know this for a long time. I guess that because they'll do the surgery where they cut loose skin off for people that were exceptionally fat. I guess that's not he'd already had some of that. Oh, no kidding. Yeah. Yeah. I guess that's a high risk surgery because you're skin being an organ. And there's so much of it that's being cut. Like the, you know, the insatiants or whatever are going to be huge. And the more wounds you have, the more likely there is to get infections. Yeah. Yeah. It's big deal. All right. See what else we got here. Um. Okay. Here's a funny fun one I think it was. A question for the next show. If you had to eliminate one of the following foods for the rest of your life. But for the rest of your life, otherwise your face would turn into an anus. I'd deposit for it. Make sure I was reading that right. Would you eliminate pizza burgers or tacos run? Oh, tacos. I've never used for tacos. I said about tacos. What? What? Is that a Canadian thing? I don't know. No use. Whatever. I predict that you guys just don't make them good in Canada. That's not a very Canadian food. Maybe you feel different. We got to make Arizona or something. We got Taco Bell. We have to we have like, you know, we have all the same like Mexican joints. Like we got Chipotle and we got like, you know, all those, all those same places where you go and get the bowls and all that. But yeah, I never ordered tacos. All right. I don't know. Use for them. Never liked them. That was an easy answer. We have so many ways. I don't like really. It's like the messiest food. Yeah, that it is like I just, I don't know the patience for messy food. Like all the pizza and burgers are different story. You know, I eat my pizza with a knife and fork two by the way. Is it really? Yeah. Yeah. I think that's like pizza unless it's like foldable. Like it's a bit pretty foldable. And you know, like you're in a situation where you're out like a fucking event. And you got a paper plate. I can eat it. I can eat it. I can not have fucking, but if I'm at home and I got the choice, I like perfect cuts because I like to make sure it's equal amount of meat on every slice. You know what I mean? Yeah, yeah. I eat to manage. I'm the knife and fork are more for pizza management. Yeah, I can see that. I can see that. We're learning stuff about Ron guys. And then, you know, if you get like a piece of crust that really has no sauce at all on it, yeah, you can kind of like move it and dip it in the other pizza. I never thought about that. I just take a bigger bite. Like, well, there is sauce over there. So yeah, see, I like things to go exactly my way. And when you bite into pizza, sometimes it drags topping off. Oh yeah. And I'm like, well, now that next bite is missing topping, there's been a management issue here. So I like to use a knife and fork because like, I'm making the decision and it's final. That made the cut. Yeah. Ron's pizza management 101. Right here. Here you go. All right, um, we had one about the cardio. So I asked to follow up to Kevin. He says, uh, do you guys have a baseline cardio recommendation for people who besides bodybuilding training are otherwise very sedentary? I asked him what his current goals were. And he said, I'm asking just for lifestyle and health purposes. If you guys have anything, uh, everybody, everybody should be doing at least some cardio. I think lifestyle and health, if that's, I mean, I would do like 15 minutes intervals three times a week. Get on the bike, get on the treadmill if you want. But I'd probably use the bike or whatever. You could walk hills on the treadmill and just go like, you know, really easy for 90 seconds and then real hard for 30 seconds. And then really easy for 90 seconds and real hard for 30 seconds. And just do like do that for 15 minutes because those little intervals are really great for metabolic family. We know all about interval training and spike in your heart rate and, you know, post exercise, cow reburn and, you know, plus if you're trying to get like, you know, the whole like 30 minutes at 110 beats per minute, um, that's going to improve your ability to like walk around the mall all day and not get tired, right? Yeah. But it doesn't improve your recovery after a sprint, right? You know, which is like the real type of cardio like, you know, like if you want to go play with your kids and you want to go like do stuff and you want better cardio, then that's what you want to do. You want to do some kind of interval training because the whole like recovery afterwards is is is, um, the best part of the huge benefit. Yeah. I was going to say the same thing. I was going to say intervals over slow study state for heart. Yeah. Just wasn't already like heart health overall. Yeah. Cardio heart health. And as far as like how much that would be like, like I just said three times a week, 15 minutes, but it could be twice a week or fucking once a week would even be a benefit if you're also training like hard, you know? Yeah. So it depends on what he's also doing, but yeah, I would just say intervals. And then you don't have to spend as much as much time doing the bike, you know? Yeah. What do you do for cardio? Because you stay so lean now. Yeah. I haven't been doing any gym cardio. Okay. Occasionally, I'll get on well, I get on the bike and warm up my legs on leg day. I'll do like 10 minutes on the bike, but that's just to warm up. Yeah. Um, I haven't been doing any in the gym cardio. I was getting on the row, go get go bike once a week and go a few sprints. But I haven't done that in a long time. But I've been riding my bike a lot because it's not raining much here now. It's summer time. Nice. So I got in like six hours of riding last week. Okay. And and you know, let's say I go ride for 90 minutes. I'll drink easy, leader of water. And that's like, and I'll guzzle like a bunch of fluid before I drink. And then I'll drink a whole leader of water while I'm riding and I'll be completely drenched. Okay. I bet soaking drenched. And when I get home, I'm like, fuck, like I lay on the floor. Yeah. Like my core muscles hurt. Yeah. That's like a full body thing you're doing. Yeah. And like, you know, and I'll have to like lay there and stretch my leg out because the inside of my hip feels like, like tight, you know, like it's it's it's hard. I'm like working hard. There's a lot of isometric contraction because you're trying to hold position. Yeah. You know, a lot of core. So it's exercise. Like it's like a major. And I'll be starving to starving when I get back. So you just did two hours on the treadmill and an inclined walk basically. Right. But that's how it is. You know, I can only imagine what that. Oh, by the way, we got a kind of related to that. Here was a comment that I wanted to make sure I brought up. So now's a good time. Does Ron know that the greatest coolest guitarist of all times slash, slash, obviously, used to ride B. M. X before picking up the guitar. There's some cool footage of him on a B. M. X backstage in the 92 user illusion tour. Yeah. Um, I did know that. Um, that's funny that he, he remembers that same footage because I saw that video as well. They did like a VHS like tour movie that they released back in like the the day. And there's footage of slash like ripping around the bus on a B. M. X. You know, and cruising around backstage and I think even like comes off some, there's like a two-star drop. I think even like runs off the stairs, you know. Yeah. So he's not doing like flat land tricks or anything. But he's ripping around on a B. M. X. And I know I watched the, uh, there's a slash documentary that talks about him growing up in LA. Okay. And they like rode around on B. M. X. Bikes his kids. They like lived their life on B. M. X. He was one of those kids. Like came in all this friends lived lived on B. M. X. Bikes and they like, you know, rode around the neighborhood on bikes and they were like, you know, that was how they grew up. So he's got to B. M. X. Attachment for sure. Would you, uh, would you, would let me ask you this. What would you say was their best record guns and roses? Appetite for destruction is still like, um, yeah. One, it's, so it's, it's one of the greatest guitar albums of all time. I would even say maybe top 10. Huh. And it's maybe my favorite record of the 80s behind back in black, which is 1980. It's a very nice 80s. That's a type of 87. Yeah. Yeah. But it's the sound still holds up. It doesn't, like you put it on now and it sounds fresh. Yeah. Like it's, it's, it's really well recorded and engineered and the songs are so strong. Like every song on the album is strong. It is. And that's like those albums are rare. People do, those albums don't get made anymore because there's no limit now. I've talked about this before. But the, the CD brought in like, you know, you could put what 90 minutes of music on a CD. Right. I can't remember. I'm more. Yeah. Well, I'm not talking about M, yeah, but where, so that open things up and albums got longer and then you had more garbage tracks. But back before the CD, you had 43 minutes of vinyl. So your album had to fit on 43 minutes. Huh. Or else you had to do a double record. Yeah. Right. The only way. So if you're cutting an album, you got 43. I can't remember how many seconds. It's like 43 something fit on vinyl. Okay. And so you got to pick like 10 tight songs and bands, you know, bands like guns and roses. They go into the studio with like 25 songs. You know, and they got a fucking wittle it down to 10. So like you get these shit hot albums that are just front to back. Every single song is just super strong. And it's, they're at their peak and they're hungry and they're not rich yet and the axle isn't axle isn't obsessed with making sure there's a piano somewhere on the album. It's just a straight ahead like LA, you know, LA hard rock. And there's also like a lot of punk in that era of guns and roses because they were like playing like with punk bands too. I didn't know. But I could see it. Yeah. There's like a real punk element to them, you know. Like the bass player Duff McCabe and he's like a punk rocker essentially. When he tells a story about when he joined the band, he like showed up to meet them. And he's like, you know, oh, I'm they're like, oh, you're like a punk, right? You know, so it's kind of funny, you know, how we was dressed and stuff at the time. So yeah, that's a great record. When I think about that record, I do that like to me that encompasses like what the 80s. Maybe it's just me because, you know, my attachments to it. But that's like I think about that late 80s era. Like nothing else I can think of really connects that same way for me. Yep. All right. Good question, Guy here. Let's see. Oh, this is one for me. And Ron, Ron can talk about this too. I was thinking about getting a new subcompact. Scott, any recommendations on something ambidextrious because I'm left handed. Before we get into that, Ron, you got something to tell us when I initially, when he initially said he was like a for a subcompact I was thinking like, well, like how big is a Ford Fiesta? Maybe he wants like a yeah. Maybe he will. Maybe he can't do what I mean. He wants out. Do you say, were you going to say car? Yeah. Yeah. That's what I'm looking for Ford Fiesta. So like that, you know. Yeah. That was like subcompact. Yeah, gas is getting pretty expensive, you know. It's yeah. It's a compressed subcompact. And I drive a mini. So I was like, yeah, get a mini. So I got my lock. Yes, the show that I got it. It's, you know, it's in my possession. How do you feel about that? I feel good. I feel like I've done a civic duty. Yeah. Yeah. To get licensed and have my firearm. You're like a step away from being American. Yeah, no, I'm pretty proud. I'm, you know, defending my home. It's cool. You guys will have to get out there and shoot it now. And yeah. I got to hit the range. I'm looking forward to sending some rounds. Yeah. Send some rounds. I get that right. You did. That was good. Yeah. You sounded like you've sent rounds before. Then we go send some rounds later. Yeah. I even bought I own ear pro. Oh, good. Good. Yeah. I just gave me something basic. I just need basic. I pro and ear pro, you know, did you get electric ear pro? No. No. It's not that much more money. You can up great. Here's here's what you can do. And this is what somebody, uh, front of my Peter had told me. He said, now you have an excuse. Those can be, eventually the current headset will be your back ups from when Emily goes with you. And then you can upgrade and get the electric one. Yeah. Yeah. Totally. Yeah. Very nice. I just want to see it. Then I just, yeah. I just wanted to get out there and send some rounds. It'll be good. I'm hoping to go up. I might even be able to go this week. Nice. You know, I might even be able to go this week. Nice. You know, there's this, what, one of my clients has, uh, you know, quite a few firearms. Yeah. And, uh, and, and he, he even said, well, I have to go shoot and I was like, okay, well, at least I got someone who can, you know, take me in. Be my first time going like with my own gun, you know, like, yeah, walking in with my fucking clock box. Yeah. So yeah, I'll make sure and tell you all about it. I know you're excited. Yeah. I am, man. Um, I would say to answer his question, there are a lot of really good options. I have these, uh, I've heard the term, one-to-nine. There are a lot of good, one-to-nines out there today. Fact, uh, minds upstairs right now. Um, clock 43x. I'm not sure if it's amodextrous. I believe it is. Um, but that's, that's a good one. Because nowadays, it used to be that, like, all the nine millimeters, you'd get like six plus one and it wasn't really a good gun. Now, this thing holds 15 rounds with an aftermarket magazine or, um, I know, the sig, 365 XL, that seems that would probably be my choice. So, so what constitutes a subcompact? How short does it have to be? It's, it's a length. It's a bulk length. It's both. It's the length and it's the width. So, with, like, the handle, it's a single stack handle, uh, in, in the clock 43x. So, it's much more narrow. And the handle doesn't stick out that far. So, it's easier to, a lot easier to carry. Um, so just so people understand, a normal magazine, like the one I have, the bullets would be in the magazine, like this. Yes. So, there's a little more. So, the handles thicker. Yep. And there's more bullets in the magazine. But if you want to skin your handle, you have to stack the bullets like this. Yes. So, you get fewer. Correct. Exactly. Exactly. But, uh, because so the, the, the, the, the, the glauque magazines are polymer, it's a thicker wall. A company called Shield Arms came out with a, uh, a metal magazine. And because those walls are thinner, they were able to double stack in that same pistol. So, now, you can put 15 plus one in that clock 43x. So, but I, I'm, I'm thinking, with, with, with, whatever recommend, would you ever recommend like a, a small revolver, is that ever an option? If someone's like, like, what's he looking for? Is it for protection, like, uh, in, in, in what situation is a revolver like a cool choice? They're good for pocket carry, because you, you know, that, that would be easier for pocket carry. But I honestly, because I, when I first got back into guns, that was my thought. I was like, I'm going to get a revolver, it's simple, it's dependable. But with the quality of automatics that they have nowadays, I would say that they're very slow. The revolver would be very slow. And it's going to be very limited. You might get five rounds in it. And, and it sounds like a lot, you know, our president here in the US says you only need one, but, you know, you better be a really good shot with that one round. And you better hope it's just one guy that's coming at you that you need one round. And, and that that first one work. So, yeah, I would say, I'd say automatic is good. But yeah, sig, that sig 365xL, or that clock 43x. I think they're both ambie. So, I check those out. I'm excited for you to get out there, though, round. Let me be good. Yeah, we'll see. We'll see you in some fun. All right, how about this one? Back to bodybuilding. Brume sticks. The twists with the broom sticks will that give you a bigger waste as Chris Asito said on RX muscle that surgeon of prey would do thousands. And none of his none for his tiny waste, great show, mass from. So, I guess his name is mass from the UK. There we go. But you get the point on the rest of it. Yeah, yeah. So, um, no, Brume sticks with certain kind of make your waste big. People are are super worried about making their waste big. And, I mean, some of the craziest deadlifters I know have small waste and some of the heaviest squatters. I know have small waste. And, I mean, this crisp, bum-stead blow-a-s-way stout. Yeah, you know, all these like bikini girls and figure girls are all squatting and deadlifting. Um, you know. So, I'm not, I don't really, that's not really a concern. I think if you're trying to not to blow your waste out, there's technique things that you have to concentrate on, like keeping your core tight. I see guys on the leg press. Just ballooning their guts. Yeah. Like, like, when they go to push, their guts just balloon out and, and they drive again, you know, they're not keeping their core tight when they're driving. And that's like, I think that over time, guys literally blow their waste out by not controlling their core when they're doing stuff like that. You've seen, you've seen what I mean. Think about power lifters. They intentionally do that. You know. Yeah, they intentionally do that, you know. And they do then end up with thicker waste. Yeah. So, um, but you see guys like, like, bumstead deadlifting, he's not, he's keeping his core like, you're seeing deadlifting. There's nothing going on in the gut, you know what I mean? Yeah. He's, it's just a different. You just have to be conscious of what you're doing. And then I think the food and the drugs and stuff play a big role. But doing broomstick twists. No, look at all the martial artists. Like, a Bruce Lee, they're like a thousand sit-ups a day. Yeah. You know, it's um, people need to train their waste. I think people should be training their waste more. I think I got away with not training my waste because the way I trained put a lot of stress on my midsection and I didn't use a belt for everything so that probably helped. But I think that when you have a weak waste, that's when it distends more. Like, guys that have distended abs on stage and all that stuff, I think their core is weak. Yeah. The last thing they should be doing is like, I just, I still can't get behind the waste trainers. I'm just not a believer. Yeah. I don't think they do any favor. But you know what I've heard people say that I know some people have begun it. But some people will say this and then I'm like, oh, okay, I get it. Some people will say, if you use a waste trainer, it reminds me to hold my stomach in. And I'm like, oh, yeah, I hear that too. And it's like, okay, I guess I can get behind that. But I don't see it as like actually changing anything. Yeah. That's, that's, that's what I mean. So there's if something gives someone a psychological benefit, yeah, or it triggers them to be conscious of something, then that's the benefit. But it doesn't mean that the thing is magic or that it's doing anything on its own. I'd agree. Right. I agree. You know what I mean? And that just kind of is like, I think that's like a good way to sort of like, you know, what is it? Correlation doesn't equal causation, you know? Yeah. And yeah, I'm just not a believer that the, you know, I see people training with their waste trainers on super, super tight. And I just think that their core, that just tells me their core is super, super weak. Yeah, could be for sure. Like, you're, you're, you're deactivating your core. Like it's turned off. You've put this center out in your waist. You've turned off all those muscles. So at best, you'll help atrophy your core muscles, right? Which might make you waist smaller. But I'm just not sure that that's a good change reaction to start having a super weak core is never a good thing. I think you're right about this, the whole, the blowing your stomach out thing. And I, I've seen real skinny people who don't ever have to think about their stomach. They get into body building and they don't necessarily have the same core control as, you know, other people. I've seen that happen. Yeah. I've seen it in myself from, you know, having gotten sick and not being able to get like good air in. I started relaxing my stomach. So now that's something I'm personally working on because I would just like to hang out, push the air out and belly breathe. And I noticed I was like, oh, that's not looking the way I wanted to. So something I'm, yeah, personally working on. I, yeah, I think that towards the end of my competitive years, when I did feel like my waist got bigger, I think that the body weight I was at and the amount of abdominal offseason bloat that I carried around was the reason. I, I sort of took it for granted that every single time I died at down my waist got super small and shredded. And I just thought, oh, I'm just never going to have a problem. And just years went by and there was no problem. No problem. And then all of a sudden, like one year, I was like, oh, I think my waist got a little bigger. And I was like, I guess that's eventually going to happen when you're just ramming food and just training so heavy. And, but it took a long time, you know, but I think it was just pushing hard on all that stuff that made my waist bigger. I'm going to make a note right here because I feel like I want to add a picture in post production. I feel like some of our listeners who maybe haven't seen your contest pictures might not realize, like, just that you really did have a very small waist. And I think that it's kind of deceptive because of your size. Like, just sitting here watching you on the podcast right now, I'd be like, oh, he's a really big dude. He's probably very, you know, rectangular shape. I could imagine you would have a thicker waist than then what you actually did. Like, you had a very small waist, which is I think very unique for a guy your height. Right. Yeah, that was like, one of my advantages was that I had, you know, I had like a small waist, especially for my shoulder width. You know, there were a lot of guys that had like bigger arms and all that stuff, but, you know, I, my V-Taper helped me a lot. So, yeah, we can find some photos. I'll send you something. All right. Yeah. Please do. All right. And I'll jump to the next one here. This is from Risto. Risto Sol, he says everyone says that you should be making gains. Oh, yeah. I wanted to talk about this one. While on T RT, on a T RT dose, say you have reached your natural limit, now how are you going to make significant gains with low doses when in the first, when the first reason why you started gear was because you couldn't progress naturally? Well, he's got a good point. Like everyone says you should still be making gains on HRT, but obviously, that's going to come to a limit eventually. I think when people say that stuff, what they're actually talking about is like off-season post-show. The new thing, not a new thing, but that's like the old thing. But the idea that I sort of like is to try to get as much out of your off-season as you can on very little gear, but I wouldn't say HRT, you know? I'd say like, you know, you try to get the most you can out of 400 tests and then you go to 500 tests. Like you try to get the most you can out of that. So I would replace HRT with low-sensible doses of test. You should be able to make gains on low-sensible doses of test, but HRT gains are eventually going to come to an end for most people eventually, especially if you've already run a bunch of cycles. There's not going to be a lot of room. But I mean, I don't know what to say. My best deadlift ever was on 16 weeks of cruising. But I was actually trying to get a better deadlift for the first time. First and only time, I really actually tried to up my deadlift like purposely. Was that also the year that your waist was wider? This curious if we have a correlation here? No, it was just because it looked before that I felt like it was. Okay. What about, you know, I'll just do something here. I think that here's a thought. I think that first of all, I've heard a lot of people saying that on the podcast here recently, on our various shows. We've talked about it on Blood Sweat and Gear. I know Nate Spear had mentioned it. And we get some, oh, we got an abshot here. Well, that's second. I bring this up. Okay, I'm through very small, but I can blow that up. Your abs, is that you? Yeah. I can't even hardly tell. It's a very small picture. Your abs look peeled, but I still don't even think this is the best abshot I've ever seen in you. Your abs are, they just want to hide on my phone. Okay. Guys, I'm going to get another one because you were like shoulder, it doesn't shoulder the shoulder to waist that I know. I just think another one. There, there's a good one. Yeah, that will show us how, let's see if we can blow that up. That shows us, yeah, how small your waist really was. When was this? It would have been 2008. Okay. So I was one of the nationals that I did. Nice. So I was like 250, I think it was 250, five there. Nice. I was going to say though, I feel like, um, so we've had a lot of people say, you know, you got to be able to keep growing in the off season without, without being on cycle. And I think, we've gotten a lot of people who get upset it seems because we always get comments against that idea. I think one thing we have to remember is that when you're not on cycle, you're not going to grow as fast. You know, a lot of people haven't tapped out their genetic potential. I think sure if you have, then you're probably not going to be able to continue growing. But my thought would be is that, if a natural guy can gain maybe a pound or two per year on stage weight after he's been, you know, training for some time. And if we're, you know, for a T or T, a good, you know, dose of T or T, there's no reason we can't still progress. It's not going to look the same. Yeah. You know, you're not going to gain 10 pounds on your back, you know, while a T or T. Yeah. But the idea being that instead, it used to be that we would do a cycle grow and then we would end the cycle and then lose. Like at the very least, you should be staying the same and working your ass off and still eating and you're just saying, and I do think that you can keep growing, especially like I think he was a men's physique guy that commented. You know, there's so many, you know, there's so many factors like where are you on this spectrum of gains already? Yeah, you know, all right, that's my soapbox around. There you go. What about smiling? Do you really get docked for not smiling? I want to compete, but I have no intention of forcing a goof, goofy fake smile. I have really bad RBF, that's thing, bitch face. Oh, okay. I did thank you. Are they going to, are they going to be cool with me giving them a duff's duff stare? You don't get docked. Well, depends on what division you're in. Are you bikini? If you're bikini and you don't smile, you fucked. Yeah. You had judged on your presentation, had to tell your hair, your makeup, everything. So you better be ready to fucking play the role if you're in that division. That's easy. Yeah. Yeah. Like it's part of it. If you don't want to pretend, then you shouldn't even be on stage because it's literally an act. Yeah. It's a performance. Like if you don't, yeah, bodybuilding, you don't have to smile. But I would highly recommend you fix your resting bitch face. I have a problem with resting bitch face. If you have resting bitch face and you know it, it's your problem. And it's a hindrance to your life because it makes everyone who interacts with you question whether you really want to interact with them. And it's, I've, I've talked about this. It's not actually a good thing. People brag about it. Here girls go, well, I just have resting bitch face. Yeah. And it's like, okay, it's going to cost you a lot. Huh. It's going to cost you relationships. It's going to cost you business. It's going to cost you all sorts of interactions with people. It's going to cost you financially. It's going to fucking cost you. It's not a good thing. Learn to be nice to people. Smile at people. Say hi. If you have resting bitch face, it's a fucking problem. There. How's my rant? It was good. It was good. Yeah. Stop it. People don't want to talk to you. I never thought about that. I always thought of it as something. I thought it was like something you couldn't control. Well, you're telling me that you can. You can take the power back. You're absolutely responsible for every single thing you do say and it put out into the world. Yeah. You're own fucking problem. Resting bitch face isn't a good thing. Try to fix it. Thank you. There you go. That was a nice part of it. Try to look like you want to be on stage. Try to win the crowd. Yeah. Jay Colors said you win the crowd. You win the show. Yeah. If you look on like unimpressed and you don't look like you're trying, they're going to be like, oh, yes, guys, not even trying. He doesn't even look like he wants to be here. You got to be a don't have this smile. Yeah. I don't have to fake a smile. But like being engaged. You know, do do what actors do. That's good. You know, this good. You're going on stage. Put on a show in front of people. Make them want to watch you. Yeah. Sorry. I didn't mean to get so triggered. It's good. I liked it. I liked it. You know, I totally didn't expect it either, though. All of us me. All right. Let's talk about some drugs. Yes. How does 500 milligrams of pre-Moth 300 milligrams of test sound per pre-contest adding 40 milligrams of anovar at six weeks out? How does 500 pre-Moth 300 test sound per pre-contest? Well, I mean, sounds fine. I mean, yeah. You know, sounds fine. It's not crazy lunatic doses. You know, I, if that was me, I'd probably be running 500 test 300 pre-Moth, but that's just how I always thought. People like the higher DHT's now. That's like a thing. Yeah. Yeah, but they also have more they also have terrible blood work when they're done, too. So they're that. You know, remember DHT's I think they're just fucking terrible for your class draw. I see it all the time. Was my cholesterol so fucking bad? Well, you've been on pre-Moth for six fucking months. Yeah. You know, so you could be careful with that stuff. But that's a good cycle. Like the doses are totally. I mean, you're not even at a grandma week. So it's like thank God. Yeah. You know, the anovar will probably be a good kicker. You know, contest times contest time. Got to look good. How about pre-Moth or master on? Because it kind of sounds like. Yeah. Yeah. I guess technically master on's probably stronger milligram from milligram. I say, I might probably know more about that than me. You know what? All the stuff like the antabolic ratios. Yeah. I learned all that years ago and then I forgot it. And my thought is is that I forgot it because it isn't something I've needed for the past 10 years. You know, once you understand how compounds work, that's more important than knowing what something looks like on paper. But I do feel like master on his stronger than then pre-Moblin is. Yeah. It gives a more dramatic drier effect. Well, master on also has an anti-estrogen property to it. Yeah. I think that that's why I'm a master in the name, you know. I think pre-Moth does as well. I think that well, I think you'll even get that from like wind stroll to to an extent. But yeah, I go with the I asked it was kind of a loaded question because I knew what I would want to do and I would want to do the master on personally plus. I don't know. I just like like master on for contest. Yeah. People forget that. Dressed down alone, propaneate or master on is an antigen and anabolic steroid medication, which was initially designed to treat breast cancer and women. But is now no longer marketed. And that's why it's called master on because you know, mastectomy and all that mast is the root word of all the breast stuff, right? Yeah. So master on was why it's called master on. It was initially used to treat breast cancer and the antigen effects were just to too much, I guess. So they discontinued it for that purpose. But it was initially had an anti-estrogen effect, which is I think why bodybuilders love it for contest so much. And it makes sense on paper. You know. Yeah. What was your go to compounds for contest prep? Well, it's funny. I sort of didn't. So master on my only interaction with real master on was in the mid 90s would have been like 97 for my first show. Okay. I got my hands on 10 amps of master on how you're up. Okay. I don't remember what the dose was. I think there were 100 milligrams. That sounds nice. And I just threw them into my cycle. I only had a bottle of wind straw and some sustenance amps. And it was a 30 mil bottle of vet witty. The oddron stuff, the good old days. So I had a 30 mil bottle of witty. And I think I took, I think I took three mils a week for 10 weeks. That was my wind straw. Okay. You know what I mean? Yeah. And then the sustenance started early or like 15 weeks out. So I did five weeks to just test and add at the wind straw. Yeah. And then I think I had 10 amps of master on. So I think I added like one every five days near the end. I still have the book. I still have my log book. Do you really? So anyways, that was the only master on interaction I ever had. And then I never saw a master on again at all. Really. Until literally like, you know, the early 2000s or the late 2000s, like 2007, 1989, underground master on started showing up everywhere. Yeah. And I never really bothered to use it. I don't take I use master on really for any of my shows. No kidding. But but since then, master on like, you know, there's some underground labs that have really good reps around here. And there's some master on that's been fantastic. I mean, seeing a lot of my clients in a lot of people use it and fucking, you know, was great. So yeah, I sort of missed master on. Yeah. I just caught the tail end of the real stuff and then it didn't really pop up again for a long time. So I mean, you can do a contest prep with a lot of different compounds, obviously. And you could easily replace that with Duat. Like, yeah, okay. Yeah. Winstrel. Yeah. Winstrel was like, like, I made sure I had good Winnie for every show. Okay. Okay. And like at least the last like, you know, eight weeks or something. I need good Winnie. And that turned into Winnie tabs when good Winstrel was no longer a, you know, affordable or or, or, or, trustable. You know, I never used any underground, injectable Winnie. So I was any of the water based stuff that was underground. I never ever used that because the risk of infection to me was just too crazy. And the shots were always terrible and it just sucked. Yeah. So I just switched to oral Winstrel after the real stuff dried up. Would you put Winnie in front of trend for your own contest, perhaps? Like, as far as priorities go, if you had to pick one. Hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. I mean, I'm probably wrong for certain things like maybe you can bigger chance your prep, you know, maybe you come in bigger on trend or whatever. But I'm just saying there's lots of shows I did with no trend right the early days. Yeah. But I used Winnie for almost all of them except for my poverty prep in 99. I didn't have any Winnie. What did you have for that one again? Just sustanine and a bottle of clan. And then my buddy gave me a handful of Halo tabs. Oh, yeah. Like a handful of tabs. Like 18 tabs. I think it was. Yeah. So funny. I never took a lot of Halo, but I liked it a lot. And then right, I ended up getting this little bottle about like that big. These little tiny tablets came in and I opened the bottle up. It was supposed to be like 50, which was like way more than I needed. And the bottle was filled to the brim. I was like, this isn't right. And I dumped it out and counted them. There was like 253 tablets. And it turned out to lab measured them by weight. They would fill it and it would weigh a certain amount. And that's when they would know that that was heavy enough. And the the machine wasn't calibrated. I found out because I got new new the source. And they just, you sent a bunch of Winster Halo bottles out that were just like filled up to the brim. If I could just fill in over and slap that cap on. So I liked that. Got like three more Halo that I ever needed in my life. It was a lifetime supply for three people. That's funny. Yeah, more Halo than you'd ever want. Right. All right. Let's see. It could have been like GH. That would have been better. I'll take that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, I wanted to say thank you to everybody because Dusty couldn't remember. He was thinking of a natural sweetener monk fruit. And these are just a few of the many, many people who messaged us to tell us monk fruit. So thank you to everybody who commented to let us know. I FB pro. Corey, who is that? What was his name? Oh, B. B. So Corey. So that back up I just caught that. Corey Curtis. And Kathy Jackson below him is a nice B. B. Yeah, so there we go. There you go. Damn. Look at that. I got froze listening. I just think that's cool. I just think that's cool. It's a cool thing. I agree. Okay. I have either of you guys experienced immediately post contest that certain foods taste differently. Example, after my last show, anything sugary did not taste very good. It was strange. So that's interesting. It makes me wonder if there's some psychological adjustment happening, which could be a good thing. Yeah. You know, like, you know, maybe they're just having a version now to stuff that's super sweet because you're just not used to it. But that's actually good. You don't want to like, it might be healthier for you to not override that by bombing yourself a sugar. Like, you know, throughout yourself. Yeah. It may be it's good. Like, let yourself not eat as much sugar. So I think wrong with that. It's better for you. You get more sensitive. There's that. You know, like your taste buds. You know, like if you don't eat carbs or you don't eat sugar and then you eat like an apple. It's like, oh my god, this is the sweetest thing ever. But if you're eating like your turts all the time, it's just an apple. Yeah. And another thing is, I don't really like, I think it is probably the bodybuilding and just being organized and all that stuff. But like, I don't really like messy food at all. I have an version of messy food. We learn that everyday. Yeah. Yeah. But this is always in my life. I get if and it's been worse since bodybuilding. But like, if, if they're like, yeah, we're eating and everyone's just like pile and food and fucking eat with their hands and just sloping everywhere and it's not because everywhere. I'm just like, I'm just going to leave. Yeah. I just don't like, I just don't like messy food. I want to sit down. I want to eat. I want to be tidy. I want my plate to be clean when I'm done. I don't want to have like a bowl full of sauce left. Yeah. You know. So I just, yeah, I have an version of that. So I kind of, I'm sure some of that got worse from all the contest diving, you know. I bet you're eating such like, you know, I just don't like a ton of sauce now and I don't, you know, I was getting sauce on the side and then I can do my own sauce, you know, one of those guys. Hey, I'll give you a bit of people watching that think I'm fucked up. That's okay. That's okay. We'll play it up. I have a pro tip for you. Next time you eat tacos, I didn't know this, but apparently Americans eat tacos wrong. And I guess what you're supposed to do is you have the taco in your hand. We generally take that food and we bring it to our face. What you're supposed to do is bring your face to the taco. To the taco. Did you know that? It would totally make sense. It does, doesn't it? Yeah. That way you don't. So the Mexicans are the ones that are laughing at the people who don't know that. Yes. Yes. I saw that on a cooking show. That's funny. So there is a taco place that like, I don't hate tacos. I don't want people to walk away thinking that. I'm just fucked this guy. A lot of things. A lot of things I had at tacos. But I recommend the pink taco. Yes. It's, well, it used to be at the hard rock in Vegas, but they've changed the hard rock now. It's a virgin hotel. I don't know if the pink tacos still there. This is the actual taco place you're telling me about. Yeah. The pink taco in Vegas. It's great. But I would always get the like doldgerown like fajita thing. So I could just pile the chicken and rice and do up the wrap and just those are good. Yeah. Gorgeous. That stuff. Yeah. Yeah. So I do that. All right. I had another important one. But I actually, when you said pink taco, I hit my keyboard laughing. And now I let's tell my questions. It was a good one too. I related to, hold on, give me just a second here. There's a smiling question. Um, there's all those questions. Okay. Here it is. Um. All right. Okay, guys. Here's an important one. When you take a gym pick, is it cheating to slightly adjust a few things before you post it? Maybe sharpen the image, adjust the contrast, highlights or exposure? Do whatever you want to your picture. You're a free man. You don't need to make any excuses for anybody. However, I do think that there's a huge problem with people deluding themselves by filtering the shit out of their pictures and then literally believing that that's how they look. And that's like a psychological, a deep psychological issue that has to have negative ramifications for them and society in general. If everyone walks around thinking they're way better than they actually are, they can't be good for, that can't be good for society. You know, everyone thinks they're better than they actually are. That's just not a good, a good, a good road to be on. But um, yeah, I mean, that's why I tell people don't worry about how people look on Instagram. Like I went through that. I remember the early days of Instagram. I'd see these other guys and they'd look so crazy and I'd be like, fuck, that case can be tough. And then I'd get to the show and he'd get like eight. Yeah. And I'd be in the top two or whatever. And I'd be like, fuck, that guy like crazy on Instagram. And I learned pretty early that it's just all just assume it's all doctored and a little fake, smoking me. And smoking mirrors and just show up the day of the show, look in the best you can and I guarantee a bunch of those people won't look the way you expect them to look. And um, you know, I don't filter any of my pictures. There's the only time that I feel that I can filter a picture is if I'm fine, if I find an old shitty picture. And I want to post it like, oh, I got a photograph of a photograph in the quality of the low. Yeah. And maybe you just like, brightness can make it like, oh, well, there's the picture. Like, or you just like move one dial and all the fucking glare kind of fades off. And in the caulcao, well, that's decent. Or maybe it's a little dark sea bright in it. And I'll have a sudden like you see like 80% more shit going on. And the guys beside you even look better. Yeah. So you're just trying to give a good picture. So if you go on, if you ever see me post like a a picture of a picture, sometimes I'll, but then even that's on my story. So all you get is really those swipe filters that are just like, you know, Los Angeles, Abu Dhabi, you know, that's those Instagram filters. I would be all I'd be using. That'd be the only ones I'd be using on a story I never go through the trouble of filtering in another app and then bringing it over. That's just way beyond my level of fucking caring. Yeah. Um, and if I, and I think there might have been a couple of times where I posted a photo and I might have just brightness or something. But I know everyone does sharpness. What is it sharpness and structure? Okay. If you move, but then you know they fucked at the photo because they moved them all the way up. And then everyone's face is like stone. Yeah. Like, yeah. If you look at somebody's picture in there, yeah. I don't know. You can do something. You can do something like, if you think you got to do something to a picture because the picture's shitty. Yeah. That I know. Maybe it's a really cool picture. Like it's you and one of your buddies on stage, flex and you're like, fuck, the picture's just a little shit, like fine fine. Make you and your buddy look better. That's cool. But this whole portraying yourself or posting your update shit all filtered. If you're doing it, have you forgotten clients that have sent you update pictures that were filtered? Yes, I've dealt with that before. I'm like, dude, this isn't that new. Yeah. You know. And then I've had clients that are obsessed with good lighting. Like, they're like, oh, I've got to send you some pictures. You know, I'm like, send me morning pictures and like, no, I want to send you the pictures from the gym. Like go to send me morning pictures. And I'm like, yeah, the lighting in my house isn't good. And I'm like, that's okay. Like, yeah, as long as it's bright enough. Yeah. I just, yeah, I'm not, I don't care. You Andrew Barry has people who use a ring light. Yeah, ideally it's nice to. And I, I had never done that, but I'm thinking about it because think about this, Ron, where do the pictures get the worst? Like, you can get somebody, everybody, their pictures are great. Every time they check in their consistent, then then guess what? They go to the show and they're in the hotel and like the lighting sucks. And they're trying to use the bathroom and now it's yellow and shitty. And you can't even make out the detail. If they had a ring light, it would be the same as when they were at home, you know, so yeah. I could see a benefit. Yeah. Yeah. All right. Well, we had a few, actually, you know what, Ron, I think we just about powered through these. We got a couple more here. Let's see what else we got. Two questions, thoughts on using EQ during prep and when to pull it out if you do. Also, I noticed mutant has a coconut cream isolate, which coconut cream is my favorite flavor of another brand. I was wondering what are your thoughts? What your thoughts were on this mutant flavor if you tried it. Thanks for the great content. So, I used EQ for several shows. I never, I, I was fine with it. I never had problems with it. You were like one of my favorite drugs. Yeah. All the way to the show. I used it several times. And that was sometimes just because like you look great. Yeah. These go in good in your eight weeks out. You have to pull your EQ and switch to something else. Just because everyone says, so I just want to have whatever it's in, you know. And also, too, everybody don't underestimate when you have a good drug. Like, you're going to take out some awesome EQ for some pre-mo you've never used before. And I might just hit. Right. So, like, we've talked about this before. Like, if you look great in the prep's going good and you're losing fat and your pictures are getting better and you're not like having side effects or like, I never had any side effects for EQ ever. Never had a gyna, never had problems with it ever. So, don't take it out. You know, if the follow all these voodoo rules just because, you know, people, you know, read, oh, it's eight weeks out. I got to drop this and drop that. Sometimes I just tell people like, ah, fuck. So, I cruise on. You know. And I imagine Chris would have said the same thing if he was working with you at the time of the show. Like, if you were looking good a month out with EQ, he'd just leave it. Yeah. He did. I remember one time he said he's like, well, you know, why would we pull that out? Maybe that's why you're still getting good pumps on low carbs. Like, who fucking knows? Just change it out. You know. So, yeah, this Mark, I would love to get him back on here and he's such a jerk. He wants to come back on. Does he? He actually text me. Yeah, he text me just last week. And he was like, hey, do you guys need, you know, another, another guest that half the people hate or something like that. I can't remember what you wrote. And I was like, yeah, yeah, we're always up for you. You know, man, I got to tell you, and I mentioned it before, I think, but he's like one of the guests that I've been the proudest to have on our shows. Honestly. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. He's like, to me, he's that good of a guest. So, I'm a big super, I'm a super fan. A little freak him out if I told him that. He crashed on a super fan. He, uh, he sent me a picture of a dude a little while ago. So, there's just some one of his fucking crazy shredded guys, right? Yeah. And he, and he, he just, uh, you know, he's always got the funny like making fun of himself sort of thing. Yeah, of course. And he goes, I don't even know this guy's macros. He probably doesn't know anybody's macros. You don't need, you don't need to know macros if you've got it rolling, right? Yeah. I don't know. Yeah. I know. I had a client ask me other day that like, how many calories am I on? And I'm like, I don't know. Yeah. He's like, if you had to guess and I'm like, I don't know. And I just pulled his diet diet up on it on my phone. And I just looked at it and I go, no, I don't know, but I just know like, that's so much food you're on. Yeah. And if we need to reduce it, we can just reduce that. That's the way I do it, too. You know, you know, it starts to look too low. I'll count it. Just see where we're at. You know. Oh, in the other question, the coconut cream flavor. Oh, yeah, the coconut cream. I haven't tried that. So yeah, all the flavors are awesome. All the ice of surge flavors are awesome. So what I like to do is a scoop in a half a chocolate and then a half a scoop of coconut cream and you get a bounty bar shake. Oh, that's nice. Just saying. All right. That's a great idea. That is good. We got a couple more. I had to tell you too. I had several people tell me that they really enjoyed the show while I was out in England. And I think that's extra cool to have been literally like halfway around the world and have people say, oh, man, I love it's just bodybuilding. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You would add people come up to you and mention it. Yeah. So it's cool. That's pretty cool. Plus you have all the other podcasts. So let me ask you this. Yeah. What's of all the stuff you've done is it's just bodybuilding the one that people mention the most? It's a mix. Because some people really enjoy the entertainment. You know, some people really enjoy the entertainment. Another people are like, hey, I like all the steroid talk on drugs and stuff. And that's what they're in there. You know, and then there's other people. What was your what was your blend on this trip? It was all of them really like it really was. And especially to gather member two because Dave is from England. So yeah, a lot of people knew Dave and a lot of people discovered the podcast because like they were from England. They knew who Dave was and that's how they found it. But we also had Jordan Peters on advice as radio for like the first year. So people knew that you had lots of exposure. The channel through that. Yeah. But it was kind of before Jordan was really big either. So there was that. But yeah, it was like early Jordan, you know. But yeah, it was it was a mix. And then some people like some people like the science from Scott Stevenson and that's like a very particular person who's like I just like to learn for the sake of learning science even if they're never going to apply it. And then some people like blood sweating gear because it's just like you're just talking to coaches about bodybuilding questions and that's it, you know. Yeah. And skip can say something retarded sometimes, which is also fun. So yeah. But it was it was a blend. But yeah, there were a lot of people who said that they really enjoyed this particular podcast. So shout out to you guys. Yeah. Yeah. Awesome. Awesome. All right. Okay. Got a couple more. And I thought of it because I saw the beginning of this guys comment. He said, I've been a fan of it's just bodybuilding since 2020. I've gone from three. Oh, it's just a comment. And I wanted to share it here. He says, I've gone from a 360 pound fat of a mess to 237 pounds. I'm 6 to 90 31 years old trying to get sub 200 dusty and run have have been two of my many dozens of people I looked towards for advice and education on training and dieting and he just wanted to say things. His name is Eric Mets. Shout out to him. Great. Great to hear that. It's it's it's for it. I was just talking about this the other day that like when people say that they got something out of this. Yeah. That's the coolest thing. Like first of all, even if they just have a laugh like that's awesome. If someone listens to our show and they have a laugh, I'm like, that's fucking cool. You know, they listen to our show and they enjoy a story or they relate to something. It's all great. But when people like, you know, feel like they get something out of it. That's great. Like it makes someone to get up and go work harder for some reason. That's just the craziest concept to me that that that you know, we can help people do that and I mean, I've talked to other people about like, I've talked to other podcasters about this, you know, like I mean, food and I had a discussion about this when we saw each other at the Arnold, you know, I was just telling them, I'm like, you must just be overwhelmed because his numbers are so crazy, right? Yeah. I'm like, you must just be overwhelmed with this shit and he's he was when we just had this conversation about how, you know, some of the messages you get and you know, we get all the same messages. He probably just gets 10 times as many great. We get all the same. They're all the same. Like it must be from the same people too. Because we have a lot of people. Yeah, a lot of crossovers, right? So we get all same messages and and it's it's it's pretty crazy. You know, I have to I'm not going to say his name. I, you know, I don't want to, you know, bring his name up. But I had this one guy who listens to the show and he messaged me and he was he's going through like a real rough period as wife just left him Jesus. All that stuff and he's got a lot of money. So now she's, you know, coming for the money and you know, it's turned it. Then she was way ahead of them. So she's all planned out, right? You know, he got like blindsided and he's just having a tough time and so he was messaging me and just saying, you know, like, you know, all the kind of positive sort of like, you know, everything's going to be better that we kind of we kind of put that vibode on the show, you know, and you just he just said it that really helped. So that was really cool, you know, that's cool. Yeah, I feel like it's important, man, to that we that we use the podcast to be able to put that out there. You know what I mean? Because then the world needs some happier stuff. Like people have said to us, like, you guys need to use your podcast as a tool to talk about what's going on with the government. I'm like, yeah, like you get enough, you can go directly to find that in other places and, well, you know, we'll talk about stuff at times, but the reality is I feel like I want to try to answer something positive to the world and make people feel a little happier, you know? The reality of the of the situation is there's the odd time I'll talk about politics, but I really try to not talk about it. I really try not to and I try to not think about it. I've even reduced the amount of attention I'm paying to it, you know, it's so much toxic nonsense I can handle and I think COVID kind of peaked me out. I think I was more political than I'd ever been during COVID and and I saw what happened to a lot of the people that I'm friends with. They got like extraordinarily political. Yeah. And I just like, I just just don't want to be like that. I don't want to use my podcast to talk about the shit that I don't even want to talk about in my normal life, you know, you know, just, you know, that's right. I'm out on that one. All right, I have one more really important question. I actually pulled this out from the archives because I never we never answered it. Effigrin is it F adren or effedrin discuss? I guess I sometimes say both. That's funny. I wonder if it depends on whom I'm talking to. I guess generally I say a f adren. Me, yeah, or I might even say effedrin sometimes. Oh, really see, I think I think the Aussies say effedrin. Effedrin. Is that the Aussies? Aussies can correct me. I know Aussies have a couple of funny words like we say aluminum and they say aluminum. They do that in England too. Yeah, aluminum. Yeah, I knew like what? Yeah, William. Aluminium. Yeah. I made I built an aluminium shed in the backyard. Oh, who? And you're like, what? I feel like a f adren sounds classier. Fedrin. I fedrin. A fedrin. Yeah, I guess I say effedrin or effedrin. But the dream part, I don't know about that. Who are you? It's American thing. See, and this is coming from Matt Marshall and those who don't know Matt Marshall. This is like one of the smartest people I know. He's literally a member of men's set. He's like he's a certified genius. So yeah, it's funny. We should be asking. I think we should be asking him. Well, it makes me wonder like if if he doesn't know the answer, then maybe it's one of the great unsolved mysteries. Or he's just testing us to see how dumb we are. I've worked with Matt for he's a client of mine. I've worked with him for probably I'm gonna say four four five years now. Something like that. He came up to visit you at the well visit the gym. Yeah, he was like, I want to make a Pilgrim edge early on. Great guy. Early in the west. It was time before COVID. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I thought that was pretty cool. Yeah. Yeah. Awesome. It was good to see him. I remember when he walked in the door. I was like, he'd been listening to you since well before this podcast. Like he listened to all the old podcast. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's all we got here. That was it. Oh. Okay. Well, we want this to be a good. I got a few questions here. All right. Let me just fold them. They were solid. Did it? Okay. Oh. Gone are the days. 40 minute podcast. So I like this. This question was good. Okay. At what age should a person stop trying to use or learn new lingo? Oh. Did you realize that the term boomer came back? It's a very popular word now. Popular enough. Yeah. Well, they used to say baby boomer, but then it got shortened. Just a boomer. And that's anybody I think who's older. You know, not directly be me booner boomer generation. Yeah. Yeah. Are we too old to say boomer? I see that's a funny thing is there's also someone else said to me the other day. I said something like you know, I wasn't sure about something. Yeah. So I said, I don't know. That's pretty sus. Yeah. And they looked at me and they go all year using all the new new terms. Oh. Oh. And I go, what? And they go with sus. That's isn't that one of the things that kids are saying now? Yeah. And I was like, oh, that's like an Australian thing I got in the 90s. Oh, no kidding. My buddies would be like, I, I, you know, I smoked some weed, but it was kind of sus. What was in it? You know, like, yeah, like sus backed. You know, it's a piece of shit. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I don't hear that one. Yeah. I don't know either. I don't know if that one is suddenly being used again, but this person seemed to think it was. So I was like, oh, I don't know. That's me. That's all that are. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I don't get attention personally, though, to that. Like, you know, I wouldn't, I'm at a point where I don't try to work that stuff in, you know what I mean? Wow. I mean, a lot of the new terms are made up words that don't even have meanings. Yeah. They refuse to define them. It's like, how can you use these words if they don't have meanings? But as far as, I mean, I'd say that the last new term, what's the last new term that you used? It'd have to be social media related. Yeah. I mean, anything like that would shorten, uh, I don't know. I can't even think of it. Because if I used it, then it was just part of my regular daily thing. You know what I mean? Yeah. I didn't go out of my way. I remember I had this buddy one time and like he went away traveling somewhere. Yeah. And then he came back. If you were out of friend, do that and they come back with like a new word and they constantly use it and it stands out as so weird because you're like, what's this new, new word you picked up? I told Victoria's like, what if I came back from England? And I just started saying cheers and stuff like that all the time and actin like it was just my thing, you know? That's so funny because I say cheers all the time. Some people get no a mastery. Yeah. Some people can do it. And you spent enough time there. Like, I was going for a week. Then I'd come back and get a fake came back from like an accent, you know? I actually caught myself the other day. So I lived in Australia for two years in the 90s. Long time ago. Yeah. But there's a few things like I still use the word sucks like suspect and and then I say cheers. I'm like, oh, like I signed my emails. I'm like cheers. So you see some people can get away with it. And I say to people, but I got my own cheers. So you guys, you know, like that's I'll say that. And then the other day I saw a friend of mine and I was like, oh, how you going? Like how you doing? How you going? And I realized, yeah, and I realized this is how you go and then I'm like, oh, that's so Australian. I can't believe it's coming out of the mouth. Like what? It was rattling around and it just somehow got chosen to come out of my mouth at that moment. But I haven't said how you go in in a while, you know? Yeah. I've picked up some stuff because I talked with Dave Crossland a lot where all say things like spot on, you know, for instance, that's that's one term that's very English. And I'll say that was spot on or just certain things that I'll say that that are not from here. I know I picked up from him, but I don't mean to, you know. Yeah. Yeah. But I had that. That's a good question. Well, yeah. I think there's a point, you know, like Bill Burr has that bit where he talks about as soon as you have kids, the bubble forms. And now you're, and now you're in that bubble because you're busy with the kids. Yeah. So nothing new penetrates. You don't pick up any new music and you new lingo and you like nothing. You wear in the same clothes. It says, then 18 years later, the kids leave the house and you're still putting on your old records, bought it about, uh, uh, but I don't know. He's like making fun of himself. And I just, I think that that is probably a bubble for everybody. Like when you hit a certain age, you just like, I can't done. Yeah. Like this is me now. These are the words I use in music. Listen to. Did you see, I think it was Bill Burr. I don't really watch a lot of TV, but being on a plane two trips that were like, you know, a decade long. Um, I watched some of their TV shows. F is for family. Have you seen that show? Is that how? Yeah. That's the first two seasons. Okay. I watched like six episodes in a row. It was good show. I like that. He said it's based on his childhood. Like it's that. Like yeah. That's, it's he's, he kind of based the younger, the younger boy is him, right? Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And it's just, it's, it's, it's funny. It's, it's pretty well done. So he, I remember someone asked them. They're like, why, like, why did you do a cartoon? And he's like, oh, a live action is my nightmare. He's like, he's like a sitcom is like a boat. It's great to be on someone else's, but you don't want to have your own. Huh. Okay. Yeah. And so he said when they talk to him, talk to him about doing a sitcom, he's like, I'll only do it if it's voice only. Okay. You don't want to act. I don't want to act it. We don't want to go through all that. It's fucking way easier to do animated. I like that. I like that show. Yeah. That's funny. I watched that. And then have you seen the, the, the finale of Stranger Things, Yep. So I only did season one. Oh, really? Yeah. I know. I had a few people lately asked me about this. I think it's because they just had Metallica on there, right? I didn't see them. Yes, or puppets on there. Yeah. And I didn't see the end yet. So I'm not sure exactly what happens. But yeah. I remember a couple of my friends were upset because they used Master. Okay. No, I guess they, they use the song. They use the song, Master puppets. What I have friends that are extremely sensitive Metallica fans. And technically, it's chronologically incorrect because the year of the show at this point is only like 1985. Okay. Whatever. Yeah. Master puppets came out in 86 and it didn't really chart to 87. So they're like, they should have used ride the lightning. Oh my god. Fuck. Yeah. I'll could these guys do that. Master puppets wasn't out yet. This is not chronologically correct. Oh my god. Yeah. Makes sense. Makes sense. And then plus they're also upset because a lot of fans feel like ride the lightning doesn't get enough love. It's a fantastic album. Yeah, it is. Everyone's get ride the lightning needs fox. Does it good? Oh, um. You know, first world problems that goes into first world problem file. I surprised you haven't watched that though. Being that you enjoy a good show. Yeah. No, I like season one. We just got busy. I don't know. Yeah. I got this not other show I have to start because a friend of mine called me. Like, I have a couple. I have a couple of very trusted friends and one of my friends Zach. He contacts me and he just says, have you seen Severance? Severance, huh? I'm like, no, and he's like, it's it's all you buddy. Click. That's all you got. Click. You just call it a lot of years. Yeah. Yeah. So it was funny because then I'm driving listening to lithium, serious satellite radio lithium the other day. Okay. And you know, they hard to be talk on it. You know, they, they're, it's, you know, nonstop radio. But the whoever's show it was a DJ at the time, she comes on and she's like, you know, just wrapped Severance or whatever. And said it was fucking awesome. So, you know, I got, I got to give it a watch. I'll just show everybody the poster. Oh. So it looked interesting. I also watched, see, several episodes of the office on the plane. And then I got to watch it on the way back, too. I forgot how good that show was. Yeah. I, you know, what, I still want to make myself watch the whole thing. Okay. Because there's a bunch of, a bunch of office I missed, especially towards the end. Okay. But like first four or five seasons, I think I've seen them all. I think that was the best. Personally. The dinner party episode, where Michael and Jan have everybody over for dinner. Oh, yeah. Yeah. And it's, it's fucking, it's possibly one of the greatest television episodes of any show ever done. That good to you, you know, it is and a lot of office fans think it might be the greatest episode ever. No kidding. Um, there's just so many. There's just, it's so much to unpack. There's so much going on. Yeah. It's fantastic. Because, you know, it's, this is the comedy of Michael and Jan, like everyone coming into their home and seeing how they live. Yeah. And there's just so many funny moments in that show where you're just like, holy fuck, you know, it's pretty funny. And every character in that show is good, you know, like, even the characters that don't have it like, Creed. He doesn't have a big part. But when he's there, you know, or Meredith, they're, they're, they're always seen something. If you've seen what Creed has been doing, the actor who plays Creed. Uh-huh. So there's like a running joke in the office that there's, I can't remember the scrant, the scrant and strangler. Yeah. Like a serial killer. Yeah. And they, and they never get caught, right? I thought they, and thought that he did, because I was watching some of those episodes in Toby was on the, um, I don't know what ends up happening, but Toby was on the, the jury. Yeah. Yeah. So I think that guy gets off. Okay. But anyways, there's because the actor who plays, um, sorry, who are we just talking, Creed, Creed, the actor who plays Creed just put out like a few videos where he's like, um, you know, the guy arrested for being the strangler has been acquitted. And then it shows him like leaving his house. He's like, he's, and he's walking down the street like he's all cool putting his shades on. Yeah. So he's like hinting that he's the strangler. Oh, you know. Yeah. It's pretty funny. Yeah. He's keeping the joke going. Yeah. That's cool. Yeah. That was such a good show though. I forgot how good that was until I had nothing else to do, but sit there for, you know, nine hours at a time. I love how Creed's backstory is that he used to be a base player. Yeah. I didn't know that. And he actually was a base player in a bad. Oh, no. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. So it's kind of funny. They're like used certain things from people's real lives as their backstory. You know. Okay. I guess my turn for one more. Yeah. What do you got, man? You got you got some more of those Instagram questions you were saving, huh? I do. By the way, I should have probably said this earlier. If you guys want to take part of the next show, then comment. We'd be happy to take your questions next time around. That, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, we didn't phone dusty. We didn't, we didn't, we, was there a point that we, you think we needed to? No, but maybe. There was a, see, we just call him. Yeah. We should maybe. But that question we had for you. That was something we, the show couldn't have gone on. It should see what happens. Yeah. Let's see if even answers. What's going on, buddy? Tell me, he's on the show. Not much where you're in a situation in our room in the middle of nowhere. What's your plan? You're, uh, you're on live. We just thought we'd call him say hi. We're just about to wrap the show, but we, we just missed just so much. But I won't say soccer, eating like that. Yes. We figured. There you go. Good man. The main character in your own, in your own life. I don't. Well, so, yeah, so far, it's going really good. We just thought, we were wondering if you were sitting on a beach with, like, a Margarita or what exactly was going on. Where are you? What's, what's going on? Can you hear me? Uh-oh. We lost him. Uh-oh. It sounded like he was lost at least. I hope so. I think I think so. Judging by the kidnap, did he? Judging by, well, maybe he did literally on the phone. There's a bag over his head right now. Yeah. He didn't drug out of his hotel room. It could be a good, uh, you know, a good, like, um, continuation. Stay tuned to find out what happened to dust. Perfect cliffhanger. Yeah. What happened to Dusty? I'm not gonna stay tuned to see if Dusty's on next week's show. Right? Yeah. We'll see. Okay. Well, Scott, uh, give us a rundown. Um, you're glad to be home. Everything's back to normal. You've recovered from your trip. Yes. It's, it's anything interesting to come back. Uh, the, the, the, the, the, I'm different. You know, but yeah, good, good. The time difference coming back is way worse. I, I find. Yeah. Yeah. I'll need time to reflect on that. I think, because I'm still kind of in it, you know? Okay. Okay. Well, we'll be back next week with Dusty and we'll double episode it. Sounds good. So we'll be good to go. So thanks for everything and remember everybody. YouTube questions get prioritized and then I'll be doing another Instagram and so we'll Dusty. And what else do we gotta tell these people? Like, share, subscribe, comment, and ring the bell. There we go. I wasn't as good as you. No, no, the timing was great. The timing was great. Thank you. Thank you. Yeah. There's perfect. There's supposed to be a bit of a delay on that. Yeah. It's a good drummer who's just behind the beat a little. No, he's perfect. Okay. Thanks everybody. See you soon. See you guys.