I met, like, I thought I'd train hard, like, you know, five, ten years ago. And at that time, I was in my mind, and, you know, for CBLY, I was training hard. But that me from back then, trying to do a workout from today, it wouldn't be the same. Yeah. Yeah. And I think it takes time to build up that ability to push yourself that far. Hey, everybody. Welcome to It's Just Body Building. Go, co-host, dusty hand shots, coming out of your producer. And, guess today, rough diesel, Terence Ruffin, what's going on, man? Hey, you guys doing? Thanks for having me. Um, nice pretty busy. I got a new puppy here. He's, you didn't want to be left alone. So what exactly you got there? How big is he going to get? Not big. This is a mini Australian Shepherd. Oh, wow. Oh, wow. Oh, wow. Oh, wow. Amazing. Those are high energy dogs, aren't they? It's not, yeah, my wife, she, she is the high energy one. Oh, yeah. Good. She'll do the walking then, and all of that. I'm sure. Yes. Well, it's a dog friendly show. We have, we have many dogs on many laps on this show. So it's all good. We welcome the dog edition. Remember everybody like share, subscribe, comment, and ring the bell. There you go. And remember podcast is sponsored by mutants who go to imutin.com and use my code, Bigron 20 or dusty 20 and get yourself 20% off. Okay. So you're one of the few people who's been on the show twice now. Really. Yeah. That's good to have you. Good to have you. For some reason when Ron and Dusty have someone on there, like, well, we already had them on. We're done. We do have now. Yeah. Yeah. All the news. Some one's called. Yeah. So I should be good. Yeah, a lot's changed since a lot. Yeah. Yeah. So I know you wanted to talk some about business today, and I'm looking forward to hearing that because I know you've been really invested in that. Before we did, I wanted to ask about the Olympia and, you know, what happened there, what did you take home from that? And what does that mean for your direction and body building moving forward? Because I know you're not doing the Arnold this year, right? Right. So, um, no Arnold this year. Basically, you know, I felt like I've been in this situation before where I've kind of hit this, this, this, this new level of, um, of competition, you know, my career. And then I'm there for like a moment and then I kind of dropped that back down a bit. You know, same reason I took off in 2019 was because I moved from 96 places and then back down the ninth place. I'm kind of, I would say like, um, not used to it, but I'm aware of like this good app. Yeah. Yeah. And it doesn't really bother me all that much because, you know, if you follow about it building, you know, for a number of years, you'll see people throughout the career kind of go up and go down and go up and go up and go up and go up and go running, curry, ramen, hotly chew pie. You know, Mr. Olympia is at this point in all of them have placed all of the place throughout the career. It is, you know, so it doesn't really bother me all that much. It does kind of, you know, I'm obviously pissing the moment like all of a shit, you know, you never want to do worse than you did before, but as in terms of like career wise and what I'm capable of, it doesn't really change a whole lot. Right. But basically, you know, after any show that I do, I like to go back and look at photos and see, you know, where I can improve and what can be done to elevate my physique at the next show. And it's a little weird for me, you know, normally I like to listen to the judges, and I'm aware that each judge is going to have a different opinion. When I spoke to one of them, they said, okay, you need to show up tighter at the night show. So, you know, that was all I did that unfortunately, I don't think the night show was judged. So, but after looking at photos, I was pretty on par with my showing last year at the Olympia, even maybe a tab at better. Okay. Personally, I think the biggest difference was a lot of the guys were growing a lot quicker than me, which is typically the case. You know, so moving forward, I want to get a little bit bigger. And obviously, the bigger I get, you know, with the weight limit that tighter I have to be regardless. Yeah. And I'm back. I'm improved later this year. Cool. Yeah, because you know, I'm like the biggest fan of you. You're my favorite class at guy. I always tell everybody that. And I was concerned personally because I was like, oh shit, I hope that this doesn't like knock you that you didn't do as well. Because you, I mean, you're an Arnold champ now, you know, and it's like, to like you said, you always want to try to at least stay where you were. And I think that that sounds like a, I don't know, it sounds like a great perspective to me. Because I feel like the great thing about bodybuilding competition is it gives us a catalyst outside of ourselves that will make us strive to do better than we had before, you know, and I feel like that that excites me that to see that what it sounds like you're saying is you're going to use this to come back even better. You're a young guy, you know, and you've got plenty of room on the scale. Like, what did you come in at weight wise and what is your, your cap? So it's confusing. I think they should do something about the weight limit, but I'm right at that height where, um, but like, depending on the show, I can be a different different, you know, I can have a different weight cut off. So the past three shows my weight cut off has been 180, which is like five, five and one fourth. Okay. This was the first year in two and a half years where it was less, it was lower back down to 175. So, oh, really. Yeah, yeah, yeah, I mean, personally, I would love it if they would measure it height as once. Yeah, we got us if I was 175 or 180, just so people, you know, kind of know what they're walking into, you know, the day the show instead of weighing it in and then having to run up and down the escalator for like, you know, 10, 20 minutes. Yeah, but I'm just going to go into it with the belief that you know, 180 still my cut off. And if that's the case, then I have about like five pounds of tissue that I can add, but I've seen a lot of that suck down a lot of heart and especially when you're an amateur ain't, you know, trying to make a weight, you know, for a different high, you know, different weight class and bodybuilder. Yeah, people dropped in 15 pounds easy. Oh yeah. Yeah, I could see that. So did that happen here? Did you end up needing to pull down last minute for this show? Yeah, I was on the escalator. I said, yeah, the room jogging up, jogging up the escalator. Yeah, how did I miss that guys? I was there. I feel like I needed to be there. I would have been like your, you know, rocky coach. I would have stood. It was fun. The standards. The standards. Next to you. I just been like, go, tear, go. Yeah, yeah. So I had to do that this year. That makes sense. Yeah. Did you, did anybody see you? Was there anybody who was like, oh my god, that's Terrence Ruffin? Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I mean, people were walking up and down the escalator. I was asking them, you know, hey, you know, excuse me, excuse me. We're going to run away of the escalator. Just sit on it like his bare master. Yeah, so a lot of people, a lot of people saw. That's amazing, man. How did they not hear this until now? So, yeah, anyway, and feel free to jump in around her dusty. Any time you guys had something, I just can keep talking though. I guess so from there, I just want to ask you training wise then, because I know that, you know, we had talked a lot about training a couple years ago. And I would love to hear your perspectives on it now, because I know that, you know, to one two years, that's a long time to develop. Can you tell us a little bit about your philosophy, like going into growing several pounds of muscle on, you know, and advanced physique? Like, what is your philosophy going to look like? Right now, we're just in a health phase. Training is actually pretty low. Lower than it's, honestly, I've been, you know, guys like Ronnie and all of those guys will just take months off. I'm not a fan of that. I'm not in a position. They do something like that either, but I'm changing just three times a week right now. Monday, Wednesday, Friday, push full legs. And on leg day, we do some arms as well, since that's kind of a weakness in mind to keep those up. And since, you know, cause are pretty much a strength, so they don't need to tone up. They don't need much volume at all to be honest. Outside of that, though, this time I really, I really want to be very meticulous in, like, tracking things, you know, they make sure things are working in progress and, like, they need to. So, um, a lot of the same things, you know, progressive overload, you know, just pushing the weight as much as I can, really. Um, and not only that, just making sure I'm really connected to the muscle as well, and the past. I've been a little bit more focused on just moving the weight up and down, and at the same time where I have on the surface good form. Intention, like what I'm going to turnly isn't quite where I want to be. So really focusing on things like that, like those really subtle cues that you can't typically see, you know, a person doing, but you can feel if you're doing it yourself. Mm-hmm. Um, and, but the matrix I'm tracking, you know, I've been tracking, you know, my, you know, my body fat, my lean, I'm lean mass with the depth of scan that I want to entail luckily. Nice. Um, some, some circumference measurements, and, um, just just tracking everything I can, you know, just to make sure that I'm putting on muscle where I need to be. And, um, what I'm doing is actually working. I've never done that in all seasons. I'm tracking all this stuff. I'm doing it. Doing a prep, um, University of Tampa. They had a case study, um, two years in a row where they tracked my, tracked all this stuff with me during a prep, which is pretty cool. Uh, uh, uh, don't lose any muscle in front, which is nice. Um, I've always put on muscle a bit slower, so I wanted to kind of see how things work on that. Yeah. What are some exercises that, because I know you're very specific with what you're doing in the gym. I know you're volume me said your volume isn't very high right now. So you're, you're picking obviously like real bang for your buck exercises I'm assuming. Yeah. Um, what, um, body part, I mean, it depends. So like, uh, with with legs, I typically do like hacksquat. So, um, we had RDOs and but I just, some reason my body aches and like I always, something my so as always starts to pull like I pull it like every time. Um, this last prep I pulled it and I couldn't like get myself off the couch without, um, help for like two weeks. So I just kind of gave up on RDOs. Um, but you know, I know I do have to see it, uh, let curl, um, leg press and, um, leg extension back will do, uh, like a chess supporter row with the arms wider for upper back will do a T-barrow with arm right for less. Um, and then we get a bit of that, um, that bracing in that, and that lower back since I can't do those hip-hand movements. That's kind of way for the work I erected. Um, we've actually been doing pull ups. I haven't, I've never really, um, had pull ups in a program, but, um, it's been working out okay recently. Uh, and I've been able to progress just with my body weight going up post show. So that's been nice. Um, arms will do like just preach a curls will do J.M. um, presses, um, chest, just enormous pressing movements will do, uh, inclined press, the fly, a really high inclined press as well for show to the dose upper chest. Um, things like that. Yeah. So just, like, what reason I'm, I'm enjoying your list. And it's because, you know, I, I'm all about, I mean, we talk about it on the show here bang for your buck exercises, right? Being efficient in the gym, you know, picking stuff that you can truly overload target muscles with, you know, I know there's, there's, there's a lot of exercises out there. And when you talk to like the really high level guys like yourself, it's hacks presses. Preach occur. Oh, it's funny, it's funny. Especially like hamstrings and stuff that like, what's the best exercise on hamstrings? I'm like, there's only like three real movements. Like, why do you mean, you know, I mean, like, what do you mean, just do all of them? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You know, with, you know, if you need something, when you need something fancy for instance, to grab. Yeah. I think, and then, and then you do have the odd thing like I know, Joe's big on like, you know, set in the bench up for certain shoulder cable raises. Yeah. Yeah. You know, which looks fancy, but in reality, you're finding like the most basic lines of movement. Like you're, you're, you're just using a really nice set up because you got the adjustable pulleys. You can set it up just perfect. But at the end of the day, it's, you're doing a very basic movement in a very, very natural pattern. You know, there's nothing weird about it. I think sometimes people get too hung up on like, what's going on and like around the body. When they should be, you know, focus on what the body is actually doing, what the movement is like, you're still just raising your arm at the end of the day, you know, Yeah. It's not, we said, it's not super complicated. You just, you know, line things up in a really nice way. I want to ask you the way that you do people tend to think it's got to be more exact because you look at like just, you know, I mean, it's funny because your, your physique is literally looks like it was built with a scalpel. Like every muscle is exactly where it's supposed to be just sharp enough. I know like you, I had to laugh like you were like, my arms are weak and I'm like, I'm like, well, I mean, I know what you mean, like a comparison, but yeah, it's why people want to complicate it with someone like you because they really do look and say, he must be doing, there's no way he's just doing hack squats. My quads don't look like that. You know what I mean, there's, there's, and it's also how you execute a movement like you said earlier, it's like, you know, this is something that I go or because I've been getting really into because of wrong, honestly, into real slow negatives, there's a lot of stuff, but there is a point where you're just slowing down the weight, you're not slowing it down with your quads. So you have to like remind people that you don't know what I mean, it's finding that line, which I'm sure you're doing a negative or whatever it is, but what is providing that slow because if it's your hips, it doesn't matter. I just go faster, you know what I mean? So I think that that's probably why, because even people who are in the know, we want to believe you're doing something special so we can pretend that we could actually look like that, it makes us feel better. You know it's crazy, though, like, it's simple, but then I see every now and again, like, what, what Chris did with his bag, what Michaela did with her legs, what people just know are just what we're doing, and it's really cool to see, like, you know, I kind of got like a first and view on what Michaela did and like, she just trained legs, she almost trains like a wellness athlete now. It's pretty crazy where it's like legs three times a week, almost no upper body, you know, it's pretty crazy. And I've said it before, it was like genetics. Sometimes you just, like, you can pitch your genetic, you know, half or lemon is like a door. And you know, you can be doing something not going to do for years, but if you don't have the right key, you can't unlock that door. And then, you know, Michaela has been lifting 10 years or so, and then she finally finds that right key, the unlocked that leg, you know, her leg genetics, and then it just blows, she just, you know, explodes. And now she's like, top five and the world out of nowhere. Right. It's really crazy. Is that what you're saying? We've talked about Michaela's sets many times, does these brought it up many times. And, you know, it's funny how we use the, we say, oh, she blew her legs up out of nowhere. But then if you stop and think about it, watching her sets, it's not out of nowhere. It's like she's doing it, doing these sets that most people cannot strain together. Like I say that I say everyone can train super hard today, but to train the way she trains tomorrow and the day after and the day after. And then next week for legs again and then Wednesday again and then Thursday again and Saturday again and leg pressing again. Like, the stringing that together. That's what that's what builds these like ridiculous physique that, you know, we're seeing at your level. It's just a consistency and the ability to do it over and over and over again. You know, do you, do you ever, like, I was training yesterday and I had a bit of a quad injury. So I just went in and did hamstrings and I was, you know, working on my hips in between sets and trying to stretch out my cold, odd, you know, you're, you're, you're not at your, you're best, you know. And I thought, ah, I'm not training that hard today. And then I kind of laugh and I'm like, wait a minute, I've done six sets to absolute failure with perfect form. My hamstrings are completely encouraged with blood. Like they're just swollen. I can't even bend my leg 90 degrees. But it's just that we're so used to performing high quality sets that it's, it's not hard for us to do that. Now you just, like, flip the switch and it, to us it almost seems like we're just training like, you know, that's what I'm training. So I'm training, you know, that's what I'm training. But, you know, that's what I'm training. So I'm training. So I'm training. So I'm training. But, but the average person that, that would be like a completely mental hamstring workout. They'd be sore for like weeks, you know. Yeah. So like, the way that we perceive things is sometimes, you know, it takes somebody to watch from outside and be like, man. This is, you know what I mean? Like we just get so. No, I know exactly what you mean. You know, another thing I like to think about is it kind of tastes Tom to get there. You know, like, that doesn't, you like, I met, like I thought I'd train hard like, you know, five ten years ago. And at that time, I was in my mind and, you know, for CBLE I was training or but that me from back to And trying to do a workout from today, it wouldn't be the same. Yeah. And I think it takes time to build up like that, that ability to push yourself that far, you know. Yeah. It's like, it's a good news. It's the, um, not for you because I feel like you're so advanced. If you were trying to describe to someone who's trying to get where you are, how do you get yourself in the mental space before every set? You know, you hear that, like from your clients, I'm sure you had an off day, and it's like so off. I'm like, well, where is your head? Like, I don't really have this, how is it that that's what I'm saying? Like, how did, like, it shouldn't happen. So, like, is there a way that you suggest to your clients, like prior to a set or prior to a work out of both to make sure they're in there to do work and really locked in? It's tough, man. I feel like I may be sober move from like, what an, like, an everyday person may be going through. Like, because, you know, I wake up. I eat breakfast and I go straight to the gym. Like, I have that luxury in life. I don't, like, my whole life is kind of focused on body building. So, even when I get questions like, how do you go to the gym? We cannot motivate it. What I'm like, well, if I don't go, then I don't know. I don't have a roof over my head. You know, that's motivation. That's motivation. Yeah. Yeah. So, it's like, it's like a job. The same way someone, you know, you may not want to go do your job, but you want to, to eat, you want all these other things, so you, you know, you go because there's a reason. There's a big enough priority, you know, to go. But when it comes to, to like, every, like, going in the gym and, you know, pushing a set. One, I think having a training for it has been very, very helpful. Like, I'm not going to waste your time in sandbag ever in the gym, you know? I'm having that accountability is always helpful. But I really typically don't need a whole lot at this point. Like, I think I've been able to, like, it's kind of like, if I started this game, but, um, we've had a really, really hard experience. And then you, you move on from that experience and nothing in life is quite as hard, you know, or you can do with that obstacle, any obstacle on that level pretty easily from that point. So, you know, once you've had enough horror sessions in the tank, I think, that, you know, really have to think about, like, having, for me at least, I don't have to think about turning a switch on anything like that. When I get into, when I get into another machine, when I get on the bar, just, just easy. I just know what to do, you know? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. That's a tough question. That for me. It's a tough question in general. You know, it's a question we ask of the podcast all the time. It's like, we've never been able to truly answer, you know, what is intensity? How do you turn it up? It's, you can teach somebody how to train, but, you know? My thing is, like I said earlier, it's the skill, so like, I don't expect the person to be, you know, first time, or even the first couple of times in a gym to be able to do what I do, what I would want for them to do is to be a little better each time they hit the gym. You know, because eventually they'll get there. If you're better each and every single time, then eventually you're going to be able to hit, it says to feel like, like that. You know, every single time you hit the gym, you know? I wanted to ask you, um, what did you think? I mean, you know, in hindsight, what did you think of how Bum's dead looked this year? I think he looked great. I think he grew a lot. I think that was another big, I don't know what the numbers are. If you, you know, anything like that, but I think he looked great. I know he had to buy a sub-endry. It wasn't really noticeable to be honest with you. Luckily, his buy sells weren't that great to begin with, so having an injury wasn't a big deal. So, yeah. But not funny, because I actually just thought, I just thought his buy steps looked a little bigger, but I didn't, and the shape, and you know, the shape was just, I just thought, ah, you know, but there wasn't anything weird about his arms. You know what I mean? So, you just, as one of those things, it didn't really matter. I think he might have, I think, uh, conditioning wise. I think how he bought him, he'd probably, um, a little better than Ian did, but I, you know, I totally understand that with Ian competing at the Olympian, also trying to prep someone at the Olympian, and it could be, you know, really difficult and it's just for both of them. So they did, they did okay. They did okay as a pair. Yeah. What, what, what, how did you feel, you know, um, obviously you weren't, obviously you didn't get the result you were looking for. But how did you feel about how the fans and everyone had your back after, and, you know, you still had your support and, and all that stuff? I mean, how did you feel after the show when, when you got the kind of the love from everybody and the feedback and all that stuff? No, I thought it was great. You know, going into the show, I was a little nervous, you know, each and every show you're a little nervous, you know, with stuff like that, how are things going to go. If things don't pan out the way you want them to. And, um, I just had to kind of have faith in the people around me that it wouldn't change much. And I'm real big on like, looking at, I'm a big history both. So like, I look at guys like, you know, Dexter Jackson who was, you know, he, one, one, and, you know, never one won again, but people still love them, you know, people still call them a blade. So, and even if you look at guys like, you know, you're not going to have a brain where he never won a title, but arguably he was more popular than, you know, most miscellaneous, you know, in history. So I didn't, that would affect me too much. Um, it's definitely gold amount of win. Um, I definitely want to do that before I'm done, but, you know, you never know how your journey is going to go, you know. Is there any carryover? How do I word this? So, for example, watching Clarita win the 212, when he's technically the smallest guy. Do you, do you find any motivation or any sort of like, spark in that your, that your, your in classic in your kind of, the smallest framed guy, and, and there's a lot of parallels there. Does that motivate you like I can win this? You know, it's funny. Uh, I was a big fan of shot even before I turned for. I remember, I was one of fanboys asking on men's deans. I was like, hey, how do you get sponsors? You know, so I've always been a fan of, of shine. Um, and to be quite honest with you, like it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's put on both Sociedไ a sea SRCNF PARYPE right off the bat tart. the the d on theOKa had nice, but אחד. that we know now that we see again, celebrations that are dying pretty much off splashy all of this. But also on the open, i'm, it's 아까, but still i still get comments every day. You know i didn't realise, that I was the shortest guy I could like, I'm fair for shorty guys and I'm like no, I mean you got guys like I'm you know I won the Arnold twice I've placed second at the Olympics twice it's not I would how was that unfair literally every other person that has who isn't first place Has lost to me. How would it be unfair? You know how is it unfair when you got Marka Rita winning all these shows? You got how do you now one of the shortest miscellaneous ever? You know, I don't I get tired of people I don't like a victim of it or a victim mentality. You know, I think you should believe that anything is possible. You know What are some of the things that you think people can do to help their mentality in that way? Let's say someone You know, we all know we all know those people. They're they're they're good people. We'd like to see them do well But every time we talk to them they've got something that they're really complaining about like there's this obstacle They have in their head, you know like all well, you know if I wasn't this height, you know, I might be able to do like they're they're starting from that Point they've got they've got the the hurdle is like built into the front end of their goal and You know what I mean like a great What do you say to people to just change that narrative like get that out of your head like You know what I mean? I don't know. I mean you must have had to have done a bunch of that I think the easiest way just and like If we look at like human is or the easiest way to get over something like that It's a look back and see if it's been done before you know every time in the sport the first time someone does something Then everyone starts to do a weather was you know track or basketball or whatever sport it may be anytime someone's the first it very quickly It's kind of like the norm you know to be able to do that that that You know, so I would say that's the first thing I'll start at that man. I think very because I think of like things like What can someone do like what's that actionable thing someone can do and? I highly believe that like just like we train our our bodies we need to train our mind Our minds you know some people just haven't naturally where they just know how to be how to act all those things But the people don't Just like anything else if you struggle in something you work on it, right? So you know self-help books you know motivational things anything like that is a good pathway to go down, you know I think that's very important and like not just like once a month or something like that, but just Every a couple minutes every day Even like we have research that says like gratitude journals just spending like a couple minutes a day saying This is what I'm thinking for it because honestly you most like it this person if they're doing bodybuilding then life isn't that fucking bad They got money to do bodybuilding, you know, yeah, right? So yeah, so yeah, they have some things to be grateful for But those are the biggest things I would say Each and every day Back to the other something that I felt watching the show first off You didn't get to do your routine which ruined my life for the night Yeah, but but with that And I know this seems like a question that I can answer for you, but I really want to know your opinion, which is so we go to the show Mutant but us all seats there were over $200 a piece and There wasn't a show. I really feel like I mean, and you know When I like you were saying about Kai and back in the day in Laveroni and all these guys You used to go to the Olympia and the guys put on a show not necessarily dance in everyone ever But everyone had it there was effort put in you know what I mean You got like Ronnie wasn't the greatest pose or he had a plan I feel like the pro level the Olympia level is drop down to turn music on and hit your Manitors like what do we have to do and do you think they should get a little More exact on making posing max. I could be honestly when we're at the show I appreciated mutant paying for it and I thought to myself I would have rather go to a Vegas show because Sure the outcome was fun, but I could have got that on Instagram later and I could have put that $250 towards a show that would have had me going oh wow What are you thoughts yeah? No, I agree and I I've said this before where I think like For the Olympia to grow like it's honestly audience a little bit more than it needs to be more like a show You know in some in some way and shape or horn It's tough to kind of get that done the way they structure things right now like even the the The press conference is very less man like we get there and then right before we get on says they're like okay This is what I like I didn't know what was going on when I got back safe for the press conference and then You know they cut us off like halfway through so even that was wasn't exactly you know so I think I live in more planning on that in is is is very important like I get like the stage is important the prize money is important but the most moment no one in the in the You know in the crowd cares about how much money the athletes are getting paid to be honest with you know That's no one's coming to the show because all they get to see this guy get a big check They want to come to show you know to see something interesting something to fun so I Would say the best way to do that is through your routines make those routines more interesting and like I've had a couple times where I've gone like you know for the Arnold I wanted to do a routine with another guy Me and where local Me's another good closer. I wanted to choreograph something together to be really interesting And I was like look I know you guys are doing approximately thing if we need to for that because there's good people at fire I just want to put on a good show and then they turn me down I don't know what is gonna take the kind of the kind of get to that point where we Can can do a little bit more with the routines or even have a better a better production with through teams like I think it would be cool. I know I'm gonna tend to hear but I think it would be cool if We were required to maybe turn in a music a little earlier and then we had a light show to actually match the music in the song like a like a Concert you know in the concert the lights match the the music So even something that simple with like elevator routine even if the routine's not the best You can make it better by doing something like that like I know people who seem our routines Like I call them at the music video routines where Meep and Paul who would put the guitar once a year yeah a lot of routines aren't very complicated They actually are a little simpler so he can kind of do all the cool camera rope camera work and lighting and stuff And that's what makes that that's what makes those really cool You know, so even so just saying that because You don't need the most complex routine to make an interesting if you got like cool stuff around it a little more preparation ahead of time with the stage production could take that average routine and elevated That's cool another thing that it's took out it sticks out to me is As you know a long time watch her a bodybuilding It really irritates me when the you know your you're sitting maybe you're at the back row So you're watching the big screen that goes down the side You just want the camera to just stay On the guy head to toe For the whole time he's on stage like Terence Reffins comes out and you just want the camera to lock on him from the front and just shoot that And have it up on both those big screens the entire time you're doing your posing routine Yeah, but you know I understand it's side shot You know Just the calf just the calf You know or just your face while your you know you could tell you're looking down flexing your leg and the cameras on Like he's like Just like Just that sort of like Not understanding it's almost like there's a little there's still a little bit of a disconnect between what's actually important to the viewer sitting in the seats And the people running the cameras and the show But they're acting like you're you could have possibly Just wandered in there and had no idea what you were watching and just drop 300 bucks on an impossible seat to get I'm like everyone there knows what body really is you do not have to do that It's the same with the Arnold every year where the guy comes out and goes this is the round I'm like motherfucker Everyone knows what this round is No one in this room doesn't know what's happening right now Right right right right So I know you wanted to talk some about business two turns and I know that you've you've been Building a lot in the last year. So can you tell us a little bit about that what's been going on on that front? Yeah, yeah, yeah, it's obviously I'm still learning I don't know where near next grade. I just like to talk about it just to you know Share with people was going on you know kind of like the life of like a Probati building and like you know how we kind of go through life and make money and things and Yeah, I recently started a coaching company our our need in coaching about three months ago And it's been great. It's been great so far I originally before that I was working with bit body fusion It's mainly a bikini coaching team, but they brought me on as the head milk coach to bring on more men And that was really really awesome experience I and the negotiated like just getting 5% of The coaching costs of every male that joined So that was a nice little like you know extra bump to I just got to a point where I was like okay, well, I maxed out on my clients You know, I could keep making the 5% from each new person, but I was like well, what happens when I want to retire or something like that? And none of this is mine and yeah things like that So I end up leaving and they were really big. They sponsored every single national every every single show They can get your pro-court they sponsored that They sponsored the Olympia every Arnold They sponsored a lot of the the production companies that help shows like Tim Gardner every show He runs they sponsored every show Joe Joe Piscular runs they sponsored and a few shows on the West Coast as well. I forget the company name, but They're really big and Now, you know, I'm starting from scratch and starting from all the things is definitely all and also doing that while I was in prep for the one people was Very difficult Big yeah good good in the sense of like a lot of eyes during the business We got a lot of a business very upfront but like the initial Energy it takes to To start up a business was a lot and you know, I'm working you know, I was working like 12 plus hours a day Getting all the things we needed in order and Learning how to hire people and fire people and Manage people has been really really tough, but I really enjoyed to be honest with you. It's a lot of fun Yeah, yeah I had it on the different on the on the backside because I think when a lot of people listen They're gonna back oh I have a coaching company too, which means I have an email address and people are besides Like you know, explain because I actually know the other business well I know people that are work over there, but what are you doing on the back end that requires Up front 12 hours a day work Okay, okay So We have five coaches at the moment I have a I Would call them like a VP. I hired a company to kind of that has all the people I need We have a Approach of media strategist that was get content ideas to make sure the coaches are posting because if it's just me posting It makes it very difficult for clients to want to work with other coaches so sure make sure Or upfront and because people it's a good thing with the business to be you know in a spot that I'm into like But it's also very difficult at the same time. No, I get a lot of people I get a lot of leads a lot of people inquiring about the business, but Having them work with other coaches is a little bit more difficult than say maybe Feed body fusion was kind of their model So we have a constant strategies. I have a Marketing director who has been helping me get email marketing campaigns going So we have that we be fair that out and I have to shoot about 40-ish videos or all the different Touch points. We have for everyone. You know if they they complete this part but not the second part if they done this part If they completed the journey if they Worked on at one point and you know, it's just a lot of different touch points. You know, they have to Two videos for We have a guy who's making it easier for me which is really nice. I think the obviously the best way to scale a business is to Have more systems in place, you know, where you don't have to look at it every single day So I've been learning a lot from that From him where is you know when people sign up they're automatically sent the welcome packet, you know, and the the steps to get started with the The coaching software We have a new code where we had to switch to which is a pain in ass Moving like you know hundreds of clients over to a new system and then There's issue with the system as well This is newer. Oh always So that's the pain We're building a community platform soon Because that you know the way the world is going with AI and all that I've been really interested in that Very soon What coaches do Obviously like with with body business a little different because we have the the antibiotic component I don't think AI is at that point at all, but just the diet and nutrition and lifestyle clients are usually The majority of people's coaching business at beyond sure you Especially if you want to grow a large one But AI is going to be able to do that very soon. I mean, we already got like very simple things that can build out a A meal plan already and it's just only going to get better over the the key to keep people interested is Building connections and building communities so we're working on that We have the film carpet for that as well, you know, they have people say it can't just be like another Instagram, you know Then needs to be a Value component outside of just oh I get to talk to people on a team, you know, so we're working on content for that There's a lot and then we just there's things like Legion of rage lead generation Resourcements here so building out free Resources for people so there's a lot of different things that I've had to kind of learn and work on and then there's like the finance and it that find it side of things Well, which I suck at so I've been having to learn a lot about that and it fuck me over because Speaking about the hiring and firing and the finances like I had a person that didn't align with the company very well and I overpaid them and That was you know, then they started asking me for my money then I went back and looked I'm like hey, I overpaid you like a thousand bucks like you know I'm not you know So yeah It's a learning process for sure and Then you know as it's seen you know obviously in the beginning I can't hire out everybody to do everything you know I don't have the the resource right now and I think too it's important for me to kind of learn those different jobs, you know a little bit so like I can know something I'm doing right Let me just on the learning front with the business How much did you learn during your prep because you've never had to do this much when you were in prep before Yeah, experience going to help you a ton for next year because I don't think most people have been in that spot Where not you're not just going to work But you're literally learning new things which means you're mentally stressed you're exhausted all these other things and you're doing that while you're at the Olympia level What have you taken away from that those last you know a couple months or whatever of prep that you go okay These are the mistakes I made and that how can I be better? Because obviously you don't want to be Less than you are on stage you also only a bit a mediocre business owner So what do you what do you figure out with that? It's good question That is a good question so I think if I'm hoping you know pardon me. Hope said it won't be as crazy next year But then I start to realize Exactly We never stops So I think Being more This time I'm more aware of what's going to become it you know what's going to be happy so Just let him just Communicating with my team like hey the last two weeks. I'm going to be busy and having the right people in place It kind of get things done if it needs to be done I'll On top of that yeah this prep I had I I put too much on my plate for sure. I had a coach a company in the town and I thought I'm like oh I'll be able to you know do some content with them and then also whatever that didn't plan out very well And then on top of that there's the stress like I find out that this coach was like What was it? Don't some things that weren't in line with the business so I Wanted to fire them like two three days before the lumpy but I didn't want the adestress, you know Because I didn't know they were gonna aren't so Just even having just like okay, I need to fire this person after the show was kind of kind of shitty So just not putting myself in those positions to kind of Have any business stress kind of happen those last You know two weeks is at least at least a week before the show I'd daily night two week The real the mean part of the reason I asked was you got to compare it to The first time you've ever gotten really really in good shape right everyone remembers the first time they got nasty And you're just not ready you don't realize what it's gonna feel like to find out that your hamstring is what lifts your leg up Because you've ever been so tired that you've realized like oh that muscle is what lifts my foot Yeah, um But once you've experienced that the next time you're ready you're like oh and every Show after that I mean we all know like It's terrible when you talk to an experienced pro about their prep like that's prep like yeah, it is what it is you know That's what will happen to your business as well is every prep because that's why I was teaching like it doesn't ever stop But your ability to know what's coming like when the wheels fall off your god there I was wondering when that was gonna happen. Yeah, that's actually like Okay, you know, so it's it will be a lot easier for you like it's funny, but even if shit was worse Next time Yeah, feel it because you're gonna kind of be adapted so I'm excited to see just because I love watching this and when Scott told me about the business side It's something I feel like more people should see because you got a lot of young athletes dreaming of being where you are And their thought is I just need to survive and tell you where Terence is and then I'll be rich and it won't They're hearing you In the heart of it. I mean, you know, I don't think anyone on this podcast disagrees that you are One or two in the world. I don't really give a shit about one show You know, you're fighting for number one in the world of what you do and you're building a business while doing it And I just want more people to catch that like This is not the time for Terence to relax. It's the time to go all in and cash in on who you are on stage So there's something to retire too, you know, I mean, yeah, yeah, and that's what I That's kind of the reason when I thought about that like I thought you know again like history wise I see all these pros Building businesses after they retire and like they may be kind of moderately successful or a lot of matchly fail, but I Definitely think like if you're able to build something while you're you're going through the process Then that's when you can really really take advantage and capitalize on that on that success Because it's crazy how just how quickly once you retire How much like people just stop carrying oh, and that's not yeah You know body building so fast, you know body building so fast. They'll forget you know in any year, you know We're we're that guy was, you know, dust dust he and I have had to humiliate ourselves weekly on this podcast With constant A lot of our story never mattered but what I We could have built this while we were still competing. There's stuck here with me Yeah, I I do love the you know like I think one of the big misconceptions with a lot of people's like oh He's a pro body builder. That's what he does for a living. Yeah. Yeah. I'd say no no he's spending his whole day like Building like other shit like Frantically working on other stuff and when he's doing his cardio like he's on his phone on the stepper and he's You know shoveling his meal while he's returning messages and he's doing calls while he's driving to the gym and Like they don't realize what is going on like it's like some people you know We talk a lot on this show about the people that don't have a hobby or they just work their nine to five and they just They're just kind of content and they think that's how it works and and you know someone like you that's just Constantly Constantly working and chasing something and trying to build something and I think that's good for people to hear it you know You're not just a pro body builder like pro body building doesn't pay you shit Right is like you have to you have to like go out there and make This stuff happen and Really and I think that's that's great. I'm I love the fact that that message is a big part of what you're telling us You know like I remember I don't I don't know if they still chew or not, but I remember A training make maybe like two years ago and I had in my mind too like everybody But everybody build a has something going on But oh yeah, just bodybuild and it shocked me. I was a holy shit. There's still bodybuilders and The obviously he's asked the sponsorship and you know he has to take photos and videos Honestly that's within his normal day of being a bodybuilder, but like 90 percent 90 nine 95 percent of bodybuilders ever different you know stores of income You know outside of just lifting weights and things and you know Yeah, yeah, so it's interesting that like that's very our member when Side tech was the big company that was still kind of like old school and I remember when they dropped Sedge me milling and now was kind of like a moment for me. I was like wow this is like The last bodybuilder who was just paid to be a bodybuilder All right because I was a holy shit is like in the vera. I remember when I first got into it like they still had these six figure contracts I remember in 2000 and Well 1314 Nick Trigeli sound with most of them as and it was a huge deal And he was like the last amateur to get one last amateur bodybuilder to get one of those sister your contracts and I'm like you know as really crazy kind of how like Things were just like you know 20 years ago where you could be Making good money if you're one of the best but even now if you're one of the best That doesn't guarantee you to make money these days. Yeah, yeah, and even if you could I think the smartest people are still doing something else, you know on top of that I remember last time we talked you were doing a lot of traveling like I with posing and stuff I think you were if I recall it was it Japan you had gone out to I went to Korea Korea Korea So how does how does that kind of stuff figure into what you're doing now? I'm trying to I'm trying to get a handle on that But That's how I made a lot of my money back then was I would do those events and it was it was it became a bit much You know I was traveling like 30 plus weekends a year and yeah, and very fun for a while But then I got to work somewhere I spent last Christmas just hanging out by myself because I had traveled like eight weeks before Like each weekend before Christmas and then I was gonna be going for another four weekends after Christmas And I was like I don't want to go home because even though I want to see my family I don't want to travel anymore. I just couldn't you know do it So that was kind of like the point for me where I was like I don't want to Travel anymore is much at least as much yeah, I Had said this go for myself. I was like the first year I kind of got into the shopping thing. I was like I want one event every month and I got probably like two events a month and then I told myself I want two to three We need too much way way too much very quickly. So I Remember for the Arnold last year I Was traveling I traveled like six weekends in a row and I had the last two weekends Here in home before that that Arnold so we got it done, but yeah, I was like this is not the way to do it You know That's wild You're trading time for money Which means it runs out there's a cat With what you're doing now there there You can always add another trainer add 10 more trainers add 30 more trainers add a new You know a new app there's endless things that once they're put into motion Don't require your time anymore at least not as much Yeah, it's like personal training, you know, I used to work 60 hours a week personal training And then I was like okay, I can't work 60 I work 50 but I'll start pairing people together Then the number of group it still becomes I can only work so many hours Yeah, you know, so you can only go so high so I love the the mentality of putting into it because It really will be endless because there's things that are you're gonna figure out or ideas you're gonna have Where in five years you're gonna look back at your business when you started and be like even the same business You know, it's exciting. I think you'll be shocked at how much fun that side is for you And it'll actually take stress off of bodybuilding because You don't need demonic, you know, I mean, you know, it will truly be like fun to bodybuild with no stress Yeah, I'm excited you know and you know when I I decided to to start this business I What I did was again like I didn't quite think about like you know I was invent you know the time thing you mentioned But I like I didn't have enough of it so like I I got rid of two sponsorships There's still great people like tough raps is one and then I can't remember I can't think of the other at the moment Because I knew it was like this is too much going on my mind. I already have you know two other sponsorships that pay really well And even though this one is paying me a decent amount. I think that time could be better spent, you know all myself And I And then when I left Fit body, you know, obviously I lost that that percentage I was getting as well So I took a big pay cut. I was I was really happy. I was at like 200 a little of a 200 thousand dollars a year at that point and then I dropped back down to maybe like Like a little over 100 and I dropped down All right And I was so you know because each two every year my goal was to To double my income that was my goal and I got to that point where it's like I don't see how I could do it You know any more and so This is my attempt to kind of get back there and and to surpass it and I've even and even to the point where I've to invest a lot more in you know into this business where I have more bills I have to pay this team You know, I've reached the same amount of the coaching team that I have we've reached the same we've reached more clients than I've I've ever had But Obviously they take a percentage of that so it's not the same amount of money that I was getting with just coping a large amount by myself There's a lot of interesting things that you know that are happening that like you said it's really exciting and then on top of that You know, I realized I was talking to my My friend yeah last week I was like I You know, I have this amount of money You know, there's I have and there's I can only spend it in one place. I can either take another coaching course or I can take this Alex her mozi business course and He said yeah, yeah, he's coming he's coming to Tampa May 4th to 6 so I spent 1200 dollars To go to his course to learn from him so or and I that's what I did when I first started competing I mean when I started coaching I spent way more money than I had on Learning from Austin Stout I don't know if you've ever yeah, so I spent money on John Jew is course. I you know I heavily believe in like Investing in yourself Yeah, absolutely So what are some of the what are some of the things that you can take from this year With how your year went business wise and Olympia wise What are some things that you're gonna take into this 2023 now As like big markers of of what you definitely don't want or do want to happen Okay I've gotten a lot better at time management like scoring all time and and just focusing on one thing I think that's very important Even with my meals like When the at the very beginning of my my prep I was trying to eat and work at the same time and then I would finally finish my meal and then it would be time for my next meal, you know So I made an agreement with myself where When it's time to eat it's time to eat and then I get back to work and that's the way I do things I've read this book called one thing and He says people aren't very even though we think we're good at multitasking. We really suck at it And all we've heard that too Yeah, yeah, yeah, so we just wind up doing a mediocre job of multiple things Yeah, yeah, and I'm like holy shit that is exactly what I'm doing So That's one big thing is when I'm focusing on something Focus completing on that Recently I've started really like The past January I've been cycling on like the social media stuff and like Just last week I was like okay, let me devote like four hours to this and then I put I filmed out eight videos in that time and I'm like okay, this is awesome I just need to do this like three days a month and I have everything I need for the month You know nice So I've realized I'm like, okay, this this this Intention is really focused and driven intention is is really beneficial for me As far as we're biggest thing I've I really learned this year Especially especially to like being an independent business person, you know I can really from both managing the podcast and managing clients like you can I can get caught up in that same thing where you're just trying to do all these different It's not like you go to a job and you just do your job for eight hours You know what I mean? It's like you're managing several different things all at once and if you're not organized with it You like you don't you don't get anything done I can see everything you're saying man. I'm kind of feeling inspired right now to check out that what's the name of that book one thing One thing I got to see who was I'll find it. Yeah, thank you. I'll find it. Yeah So how You mentioned AI earlier and we were actually talking about chat GPT in the last episode and And what have you been on that if you try to doubt? Honestly, um, I've been using a little bit of AI recently that kind of helped me Be more efficient it's pretty it's insane like I've I really did a deep dive just because I was a little worried and also little curious There's a lot of people are a little worried Really like honestly like overnight chat GPT destroyed like a couple jobs like it destroyed like copywriting and like all right That's not weird it's done Even to the point where graphic designing like you could still get a graphic designer because It's a little easier to communicate with them, but If you're not super particularly in what you want you can get an AI to do it Like to just design your thumbnails to design your logos or do all that stuff is It's like again, it's a little it's a little scary, but then At the same time if you're smart you'll know how to kind of take advantage of it So I don't want to be like one of the people who are scared and just like Shut it and then it just pops up on me, you know? Yeah, yeah, yeah, it's not going anywhere Yeah, I've been I've watched like four or five podcasts something yeah In the past like two weeks I've been sitting on chat GPT every morning for the last week Well, I'm eating my breakfast just typing in random things just trying to see what it says like writing right in right a 500 Word essay about Dorian Yates and it just did it this yeah, and it was really well done I was like oh man you could submit this to him like a if you had to write an article if your boss was like doing article on Dorian for me Just copy paste done Like a lot of people know Yeah, a lot of people you know for blog posts now and yeah crazy thing I was nearly it was like I can there's this AI that can like Like do my face or whatever and it can look like me and then I can have a type in stuff And they can say it it won't sound like me, but then there's another AI where I speak for I can speak this script or Redistrip for 20 seconds 30 seconds and then it can reproduce my voice So I pair those through the gather and then and then I compare in the the cop the chat GPT and then I can have the GPT A script and give it to the other AI and they can just say I don't have to do shit Yep, there's a voice Yeah, I'm actually using right now I'm not on I Got the T1000 doing the interview for me. Yeah, yeah, yeah, that's amazing Well, I know we've had you for an hour. I wanted to ask you one thing I ask a lot of guests What's one just totally off topic for me that you go here? What's an Instagram account that you have a lot of fun following that people might not know about just Something you know they take all reference body builder turns rough and body builder body builder But you know what else you follow in that you might think is fun I'll do three because they might be boring so some of one of them might be entering from the somebody Okay, I Follow the probably the most boring when I follow is like the event I follow one call like abandoned houses They just show pitted abandoned places Yeah around the world and it's like super interesting to me like like I don't know why but I just love finding like like abandoned places and looking at them Um another one I follow is this this one call like Asian boss news which is just they just ask People in Asia or sometimes America Just different questions like random questions like they came to America on the last one I saw and it is as Americans have many Asian countries are there and No one knew but um and And in the third one might be I mean if I'm gonna think of an interesting one So like every time abandoned abandoned houses and Asian boss news I've recently deleted a ton of them because I was like man, I'm spent to my son on Instagram And houses I found abandoned houses that looks cool I Asian boss media Asian boss media there we go Okay, there we go Other than that I follow The boring ones like I follow like Value team and Russell Brands podcast I follow like some anime stuff here and there But new stuff I'm really in the movies. Oh like um you know I train at Dave Jim so He's got that new movie Not I can't have been door yeah the M Yeah, so like not really yeah I was really worried about all the shit you might because it might as me count a suck in these recently So but like I said it would be good So I follow movie anime news and shit like that yeah Nice I love doing your nerd That's great stuff funny well thanks for that man We appreciate your time and Obviously we wish you the best you're one of our like I said one of the few people that's been on twice So you know big fans of you and love seeing you say people on stage and We want to see up there again at your absolute best a new and improved Terrence Ruffin at the next stop Do you have what what would be the next show for sure? Do you have I don't have it set most likely in August August so there's like two shows is Tampa Pro and then there's one in Texas cool so not far from home that either easy to get to Just timing wise. It's really close to Olympia so it makes sense. Yeah, right We can ask too What are your current sponsors just so people can take a look and if you got need just count loads or whatever Yeah, I appreciate that flag nor fail You know owned by Rob Medana and Dana form a On a missile level if you you know that I will yeah first First Your small champ just you know First you say what I personally pay your sponsorship there by buying clothes off the website It's only talks about Expensive habit I have being on that website You know I like them in I like you know I think about shit like this like I think about some of the because this is another thing like real quick I know we're running out of time about like afly wise choosing your sponsors can play a big deal and like How you not how you do like competition wise in the sport but like who sees you like you know How big you get so like safe for instance like with my wife Tiffany She's just signed with like LA No young yelay great company Yeah, they're popular as hell so that's just gonna help her grow like as opposed to her going with like a a smaller more niche company, you know So that's something is like I didn't think about when I first started like oh shit, you know You know be a little bit more selective but Anyway flag no fail is one and then Rise rises a new new ish supplement company. I think it's about five years old Started by this guy named Nick and Joey swore He's no longer with the company, but I Really liked them and they're really like it's really interesting with the doing and It surprised me because I thought raw might have been the number one company and a vitamin shot But rises No more Wouldn't like no major Athletes, you know They're going you know if based on how they I really love it because it's really transparent like they say they say like I saw I added it one time like you don't need supplements, but you know this is why you might take them or They're honest with about the athletes, you know These yet we hire athletes that are you know our enhanced, but you know with public fun with that we just want to be up front with it So it's pretty cool how like transparent they are and how well like the community receives it Absolutely Yeah, well, I'm I know you're valuable because People keep you know like you said you had so many sponsors you had to let some go Yeah, I'm firm You must be doing right by your sponsors if you got that many so It's you know it's good to see But we're we're again thankful for your time I know you know when you're running businesses and stuff given up an hour to talk to three meat heads is Much appreciated So Anything fun fun. Oh words you want to say to the fans Thanks for listening honestly, you know thanks for keeping body boom alive, you know Votiboon you know just watching shows isn't enough you know supporting things like this is important So thank you That's cool. Yeah, I agree there you go This one It's all the words you like this one. Yeah, remember everybody like share subscribe comment and ring the bell and ring the bell and remember I am mutant calm 20% off with big Ron 20 or dusty 20 you can get in there get your stuff they support the show so we support them Thank you very much thanks Terence Appreciate it and look at that Okay, thanks man and remember It's just bodybuilding. Thanks brother