Well, nothing will pride, and I held my head up high and said, you know what? It was worth it. It was all awesome, and I conceded. Yeah. A better man won, you know. That's freaking awesome that he can say that first of all, right? Well, yeah, and I think we need to touch on that in this video, because I became much more of a fan of Samson after watching this video. Saying, look, we were both at our arguably best of all time. I know we both worked our absolute, you know, hearts out for this thing. And better man won that day. It's not a loss to say that someone looks better than you. Yeah. Hey. What's up, guys? Welcome back to Think Big. Coach Andrew and myself are going to talk today about this video that Samson just put out. He says that he might not be competing in the Arnold UK. After he just looked for it incredible, potentially there's some health issues. He says he's going to the hospital. We're going to watch this video. We don't plan on speculating at all as to what's going on with him. I don't think that that would be called for that said, you know, Andrew and I have coach for over a decade now. We've competed a bunch of ourselves. And I mean, I think we've both run into various different issues along the way. I know I have how about you, Andrew. Yeah, man, there's been plenty of preps where I've just beat myself into the ground. And, you know, you ride that high after the show for that Saturday and Sunday. And then Monday, Tuesday rolls around. And it's like everything catches up to you, the fatigue. If you traveled, you know, you're even more tired, especially with the time zone changes as Samson has to deal with. So it's understandable that he's feeling a situation right now. And honestly, it's good to host a him for not ignoring it. And we're going to be with the hospital and just making sure everything is okay. Yeah. So let's watch this video and see what we can learn from that. I've been absolutely ill since the show, you know, this is one of those things when you're at that low, who low body fat. And you spend a lot of times in obviously expoes and meeting people and everything else. Things can tell to your buddies, no vulnerable in what usually is. But without said, you know, it's one thing, you know, going to a show. You know, we pushed, we pushed. And like I said before, this, I give my absolute best for this one. You know, I've gone from show to show, competing, competing. And I've given my heart out and I give my absolute best for this one. I need some of you watch my story a few days ago. A few weeks ago, I said, look, I don't know if I have anything to love to give. I've given everything else if I push any more. I feel I'm a wind up in the hospital. So we really, you know, don't need for that. And we brought our best to the stage. We've never been that good before. We brought our best to the stage and we battled and how fucking we battled. And I absolutely loved every moment of it. I, it was one of the most epic moments of a Universal stage. Going head to head with Mr. Olympium. And I felt like I was a little bit of a bad man. I felt like I was a little bit of a bad man. I felt like I was a little bit of a bad man. That's pretty awesome that he can say that first of all. Well, yeah, and I think we need to touch on that in this video. Because I became much more of a fan of Samson after watching this video. Saying, look, we were both at our arguably best of all time. I know we both worked our absolute, you know, hearts out for this thing. And better man won that day. It's not a loss to say that someone looks better than you. It's like you still look awesome. You're the second place Arnold Classic guy in the world. You're the third place Olympian. So you're in that realm of like, oh my God, you're one of the best. Yeah, and for him to have the guts and the maturity to say that. I mean, I just became a much bigger fan of him after seeing that today. I'm with you man, and he says more here that it just kept drawing me and I'm like, man, I like this guy more than I ever did after seeing this video. And I felt like, you know what, we gave everybody a show. We gave everybody our best. And after pre-judging, you know, we were told how close it was. We told that we had to come back the next day. So I even did, deep enough, I've got before for the finals. And with the hallard, they'd have sacrificed that, you know what? I could say that right now. I might just regret a little bit. But you know what? I came back back back out of the side of the day and you know what? We gave everything for it. And you know what? The better man won and I can see it to that now. Like, yeah, I shook his hand and I hugged him and I said, bro, you know, absolutely amazing that you're warrior. And this for me is what body view is about. It's two warriors on stage with every single one of us fighting to bring our best, to try to bring our best at that point. And at the end of the day, regardless of when loser draw. If you know you're giving your all, you shake the other man's hand and you have well done. Now that's a long thing to do that and feel that way, I feel that respect for each other on stage and I respect for what the sport we do on stage. Whereas another thing to come off stage and then have nothing but this respect, you know, given to you and your family for what? For sport, for this, to have my family, this respect, to have me disrespect as so badly for not winning when I gave everything. Remember after the Olympia, I said, I came out and I said, we have to make this whole better, we have to respect each other. We have to be more understanding of each other. And it feels like that completely fell on death years. We sacrifice a lot to do this sport. We sacrifice a lot of our health and our body and our families, privacy and peace to do this. But to not, to come out and be the first expected so badly by people that have no right to do so. And to humiliate us and my family because of your joys of what you feel is just and you feel is your opinion. Yeah, I didn't hear anything about this, did you? No, I haven't. I'm assuming, you know, similar to maybe last year after Derek won the Olympia group of people that either got a cell phone number or gotten the DMs and just started harassing him with all sorts of sense. I'm going to be honest, like someone of Samson's, you know, statue in our sport, I'm actually surprised he really cares about the negativity. And everyone's affected mentally by different things. I get to meet anyone that's ever done a full contest prep and got into crazy content shape and had a battle with someone when they lose. They would never, ever throw shade on someone that, right, represent it himself so well. That is so true. It's not like, you know, you don't see Jay Cutler going around and telling people they look like garbage, right? No. It's always losers. It's losers. That's do that kind of stuff. This but it's hard to see that and he mentioned Stu. He was like, hey, three years ago. It's a little bit later in the video. He was like, hey, three years ago, I just had like a full time job and it's like, I just do this because I love it. So this is, I think, here's my thought is that this has happened really fast for him, you know. And we all kind of have to get our skin thicker through the process. But man, even like, like, I can't imagine at that level to put yourself out there on that Arnold Classic stage at the Olympia stage. I mean, it's a lot and you're going to face, it's crazy. The people out there in the negativity, but I feel for him, man, I feel terrible that he feels that way. I mean, you and me do a show and someone doesn't like us. Right. Get two or five emails or text messages or DMs are like, hey, you suck, you know, right. What Samson does it? Does he get like a thousand? Thousands? You know, 10,000 does he get a hundred thousand? I think shut down, Derek, Instagram with so many negative messages. I mean, geez, I would just say, hey, man, that's a sign that you're doing the right things. If so many people have that kind of negativity and you know, you did everything right and you represented yourself well, and you're a good person, then screw those out of people. Bob Chick said this weekend on the podcast that what was it that he got hate from fans of the body because he didn't announce hotty as the winner. He had nothing to do with it. He was just the announcer, but he got hate mail and like that threats and all of that, just because he announced somebody other than hotty from hotty's fans. So it's wild, man. Let's see what else there is. Should we fast forward this? I don't know. Yeah, get to six six six minutes and 50 seconds in. He kind of sums up the health stuff that we're talking about. All right. And listen, guys, this is up over at Samson's Instagram. Right now, so you could check that out. I'll cut it back just a little bit before that. And you're because I'm not sure if my time stands for the same as yours. Arnold Classic champion, I'm getting disrespect of what? Bring it my best in the state and don't win it. And I'm being disrespect of for it. Is that cool? Is that home? No. Is that right? No. Well, you know what? Fair enough. Maybe, you know, I'm about on a stand. Maybe I come from different breed. I come from a different time. I come from different life. So I don't understand how this works. I put my hands up and say, I don't get it. I don't. Well, as of now, you know, this I have to take myself to the hospital to get checked out because I don't know. My body is just. I'm trying to push through. I'm trying to train. I'm trying to get through. I put my body is just failing at this point. And honestly, I just don't know what else I could do. So given what is happens to me in the next few days, after we get checked out in hospital, and what happens and the results of that, it would determine if I would be doing our in a class that you can next week. And I have to wait and see how that results back. And if I were able to proceed and carry on pushing my body to the limits that it is. So, you know, I really hope in that's not the case. I'm really hoping I can somehow carry this on. I keep fighting because that's what I've ever done on my life. It's keep fighting against all odds. But when my health is starting to fail, family and I have been dragged to the mud, I have to really stop and question why I'm doing this and why I'm putting them through this. But I really hope that all of my health, I really hope that that's not the case. So guys, I'm carrying an opportunity on how this goes. And as soon as I know what we want the plan is and what exactly I'm able to do and how serious this is, I'll let you guys know. But for now, we keep doing our best. That's what we have ever done. Man, it's some heavy stuff. When he said, why am I doing this? I'm question why. At the end of the day, I can think of several hundred thousand reasons why. I mean, he's one of those guys that's in that echelon. He can do it. He can do it. And I'm not as therapist, but I would just hit block all the crap and noise out. And just focus on the people that are in your camp. Think about how you're enriching your family with your success on stage, financial success. And then the other opportunities that are coming your way. And the real fans know. So yeah. You know, I remember a prep of my own. He mentioned near the beginning about going to the expo and having to put himself out there. And being in that depleted state, I can tell you, I got so sick after one of my preps. And it's always after the prep. Things are over. You start to rebound a little bit. And a few days later, then it catches up with you. And man, when you're depleted like that, maybe he caught something. I wouldn't be surprised because there's all sorts of crap going around that expo floor with all those people being packed together plus the flying. Being on a plane, man. That net self is a place that you can get sick. So being in a vulnerable state like that is detrimental. That's actually thought of the same thing. Having to be around thousands of new people. Even being in a different climate, for instance, my allergies are going through the roof right now. And I've been feeling like I'm having almost flu like symptoms with fevers and stuff due to the allergies. Victoria is as well. Yeah, he was in Ohio. It's a different climate than what he's used to. Maybe some pollen and stuff in here. Maybe his allergies are really just acting up. And that's why he's feel. Because when your allergies are that bad, sometimes try to go to the gym. And your strength is in your energy is just depleted. So I'm hoping it's one of those things, obviously. But we were talking about it last night. This is like our bedtime talk. Before bed, we were talking about how you can get sick without catching something from somebody that it's that you know, something triggers the side of kinds to just start kicking up. And then you're going to have literally all the same symptoms that you would if you were to catch something from somebody else. So there's no question. Could you to catch something from somebody else? Did he catch something? Did something internally happen? We know for sure that he's under a great deal of stress. And that's not going to make him feel better. Plus it's not going to help your sense of well being either. And you know. Yeah, I mean, I mean, he's gone several times zones in the matter of a couple of weeks. He's probably lost out on so much sleep. You know, is his immune system just compromised. And that's why. I know a lot of people are going to rush to the things that go under the sport and say, it's probably something related to that. But I think, you know, we got to look at the full picture and you know, understand that this guy is competing in a country that's not his own. He's been access to hundreds of thousands of people in the last couple of days that he doesn't normally see. Yeah, I mean, I just hope he starts to feel better regardless of whether he competes or not. Yeah. And I think that you'll better like go into the hospital. It's a good move. Get like all your lab work done. You know, and I'm sure he's been doing that all the way in, you know? Yeah. He wasn't taking a chance. But as soon, he's not taking chances. Nobody does it anymore. We're all getting labs all the way through. Yeah. I mean, you can think back to some of your hardprops. I mean, I remember there was one in the 2017 or 18 where, and I was still personal training. And I got to work. And I'd get to work at 530 in a morning, because I'd clients that early. Right. And I remember just like the stairs walking up because there's a parking lot and then you got to walk upstairs and then you got to walk through another parking lot to get to the gym. And I remember getting those stairs at like 525 and just looking at them for like three minutes and being like, I don't know if I can make it up these stairs let alone work today, you know? And then I, you know, I eventually I did. And I got to the point where some of these shows two weeks out, I would just call clients and say, hey, I'm sorry. I know this sounds completely ridiculous, but I'm not going to be working for two weeks because I'm so zapped on energy that I'm afraid I'm going to hurt you or myself with the things we're doing, you know? So yeah, I mean, I get it. Body fatigue, illness, whatever it might be. It's best to put your health first and play a safe. Yeah. And if Samson happens to watch this, I want to personally say thank you to him, you know? You know who I wanted to think this weekend and I ran into him and I didn't get to think him because it all happened so fast was Ian Valier. So I followed Ian from the like the time that I learned about him and not a lot of people knew about him yet and I even got to do an interview with him like early early on and I did also to background research to do a good interview and then I had the opportunity of watching him as a fan compete at the high level and be a top five thread at the Olympia and you know, now he's retired and honestly man, I wanted to stop and talk with him for a second just to say thank you for everything you did for me as a fan, meaning thank you for putting on a great hell of a show, you know? Unfortunately, you know what happened was there was one of those guys who tries to trick body builders and get them to lie about their weight and then they pull a scale out. Yeah. Swirl guy. I know just I've seen that guy. Yeah, that guy was there and he was wearing like a disguise. He was wearing a disguise so that people wouldn't recognize him and I saw Ian and Ian saw me and I went go shake his hand and then this guy walked up and then he was like hey, Ian Valier how much do you weigh and that whole thing went down. I was like are you kidding me is this really happening? Ian's retired. Why would he lie about his weight now? We probably didn't check his scale weight every day. He says to say five okay, it was 268 like you know he's really lying to you. Yeah. Yeah. Anyway, anything else we want to add to this injury? No. Like you said if Sam's and does watch this you looked awesome on Friday and Saturday and please put your health first and definitely a bigger fan after watching your video. Definitely. It made me a bigger fan. Me too man. Me too.