There's nothing I can't say. Then go to a bodybuilder's at all. What a total waste of your life. They don't. So I just thought I'd mention I'm wearing the American Barbell shirt because that is the latest episode of Mutant Animation. I thought I'd just mention it. So anybody wants to watch my latest Mutant Animation head over to the Mutant YouTube channel and check out American Barbell. So Nate was an awesome guy. I know I mentioned the gym already when we went after the art before the Arnold there. Yeah, had fun. Jim looked awesome. There's lots of crazy expansion he's going to do. So they have a bunch of prime machines. Yeah, yeah, a bunch prime, a bunch of Rogers. He's a guy that had that 11 acre piece of land. And he built a house on one side. And it was like zoned for half commercial, half residential. Like it's perfect. It's like the type of thing that you know, you bribe someone on the city council to do for you. Like zoned this one commercial and zoned this one residential like just so perfect. Next door to each other. So yeah, I wish I'm luck. But great Jim and I look forward to going again when we go to the Arnold next time. Nice. A great shirt. I got design as well. It's good. Yes, pretty cool. You know, it should have though. Some sort of a gun also should be on the picture. Just take it that extra like yeah, go all the way. That would be perfect. I have a shirt coming next week. For you, Ron. Well, it's it's it's a gun on it. It does and I don't want to say too much more. But it's it'll be an homage to Canada. Let's put it that way. Okay. Okay. I saw a great speaking of guns. I saw a great thing. Maybe think of you Scott. Yeah. I'm sure you might have seen it yesterday. But someone put up a thing that said, legal gun owners have 300 million guns and probably a trillion rounds of ammo. If we were the problem, you'd know. Yeah, right. Right. That was like some very valid point that JP guy, the like a weekend with JP guy. Yeah, he's he's off. He did when I'm gun control and he was said, you know, he was like, we should just make murder illegal. And it's like, wait, we've already done that. I don't think just how long murder they already have. And the criminal still break the law. Well, that's good. The the thing about the interesting thing about gun control as a Canadian is if you look at the percentage of legal guns that are used in crime, it's insignificant. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Like I talked to cops. Cops tell me the guns that are used in all of the crime, like almost all of the crime are illegal guns anyways. They're smuggled in. They're not ever legally owned by anybody. There's not like this massive number of stolen firearms. Like, because that's what gun people say. Like, well, those guns are out there and then someone steals them and uses them. That the percentage of that is like, really, really low. Like, it's a joke. It's guns being smuggled in. They're coming right across the border here. The cops tell me they're coming right across the border into Ciri. Yeah. And they're coming thousands of guns at a time, hundreds of guns at a time. And they're the ones that are getting used in the vast majority of the crime. So the legal gun owners that people who have a restricted firearm license are one of the least likely groups of people to ever commit a crime. No kidding. I believe that. I have a restricted firearms license. Statistically, I will never get arrested. I will never commit a crime. Statistically. And one of them, I'm in the category of one of the least to worry about citizens. Huh. Right. So restricted gun owners aren't the problem. And legal, legally owned firearms aren't the problem. They're all in safe. Everyone is like, I'm going to fucking safe because it's a lot. So the idea further restricting guns in Canada is just low information people who don't know what's actually happening. They listen to these sound bites. And of course, compassion is being weaponized in some of these cases. Because I mean, who's not compassionate to like this is this last thing that happened just unbelievable. You know, but you know, also saw someone commented that they're from Sweden. Someone commented on some video I was watching. And they're like, they're like, I don't know. I don't understand why your classrooms don't have external exits. Emergency exits in Sweden. Every single classroom has an outside exit. So if anyone ever walked in with a gun, all the kids who just walk out their fucking classroom door. Yeah. They wouldn't be stuck to half to go out of hallway. And I was like, oh, I fuck. That sounds like a huge fail. She's really obvious what's pointed out like that. The way I said one. The way I see it is personally that in what I've said to people is, and it was really part of it was after I got sick. I started seeing that, you know, you're nobody's going to care about your life as much as you do. No one cares about you know. And I recognize that like we are a fox. You have a fuck. Yeah. No shit. We are our own first responders, you know. And if there's somebody out there who's, you know, deranged or basically just selfish. Somebody that doesn't care about my life as much as I do, I want to be able to do more than just pray that they have mercy on me. If I really do them. You know, that's really what it comes down to. And if there were more people that felt the way I did, then when there wasn't active, I don't even want to say active killer. I want to take the term shooter out of our vocabulary. An active killer. If there wasn't active killer, then like, ban through a crowd of people. Ten people. Ten people would turn on him, you know, real quick. And further, you know, it to the way that are, the way that our society portrays these people, I think that we shouldn't say what their names are. I think that we shouldn't like find out anything about their story. What went wrong with them? They should just ridicule them, you know, be little them, make them feel like a piece of shit. And make people feel like, man, I don't want to be that guy. You know, I don't want to be that. Yeah, it's a really, you know. It's one of the most fascinating psychological short circuits that happens in the, in the, in the primate brain. You know what I mean? Like, of all the things to go wrong with people, that's just, yeah, that to think that that can be a thing that goes wrong with those fucking, that is wrong with you. Like, whether those guys are born, cycle pass, or their brains have just been demolished by trauma and horrible upbringing. They've reached a point that's just like it's crazy that they can get to want to do that. Those, that story is just, I mean, I had to kind of stop paying attention to it. I was watching breaking points in the morning. And I was, they were keeping me up to date with the Yvall the police department. How they were, they weren't, they were like, you know, not commenting on it, not even like really cooperating with like some of the questions being asked. And it's, that sounds like there's a lot of people I'm not pleased to par with that, that have a lot to answer for. Like, that was crazy. That woman that ran in, got her kids, two kids and two different classrooms, ran out with them. Like, unbelievable, you know? But they also didn't really do a great job here at least of like drawing attention to what brought it to an end. I had to like dig in to find it. Yeah, border guy. Yeah, a guy who's often be border there and they're and they're all holding that. It's done. Well, he, I read in a story that was like, he was like, getting a haircut. He's like, his, his, his, his, his like, oh, fuck, all right, well, I got this. Did he tell, did he go home and get his gun or did he tell his wife got it from? No, he said, what I read. So take this for is was that he asked his barber if he had a firearm and he said, yes, and he took it for, right, and it was like a shot. It was like a boy, he's like, this is the perfect weapon for this. It was like a shotgun. He's like, I don't know if they don't fuck that ass move. That's like, die here. Right there. You know what I'm saying? I'm like, woe shit. Do you have a fire in it? You got to love the word you're there with the guys like, of course I do. So right here. Yeah. Yeah. It did, the, how the reporting goes is kind of weird. There was another really recent case of some dude who felt teed off or whatever. Some people, they're having a picnic. I guess it was some sort of family reunion or something. I don't remember the details, but he came back with an AR and started shooting. And it was one person that happened to be there. Woman with her, her CPL. And she took him out before anybody could get hurt. But they don't, they don't, you know, they don't bring attention to that stuff. Because it doesn't, it's a good deal. The agenda, right there. It's stopping a bad thing. It is not the narrative they're looking for. I will say there's, the world sees the United States as just, you guys running around shooting each other. Oh, yes, the world sees it. But there's five cities. It's actually five cities. Yep. So the stat that I just saw is America is third on gun violence worldwide. But if you remove five cities, Chicago, America was, LA Detroit. Yeah. And I can't remember the other two. There's five cities. If you remove those five cities, America falls to 189th. I'm getting gun violence. Yeah. And those five cities, the ones are the hardest on gun control, which is what's the most important. Yeah, they actually have the hardest gun control in those five cities too, which is another interesting point. But it's, it's all that, you know, the stats are in, what is it 90? Is it 95% of it is gang violence? All the gun violence in America? It's not like just regular people running around shooting each other at all. It's gang violence is like 95% of your crazy numbers. That's a lot of it. Yeah, you know. So, you know, just like some cities are like literally hundreds of gun crimes on a weekend. Yeah. I'll tell you, stats just get insane. Like in what up in here in a Canadian city, there's like, you know, handful in a weekend. I can tell you that. So, and this is years ago, I used to, when I was about like 15, I was making money, my dad, but from my dad's friend, by babysitting his two kids. And he lived in Redford, which is the border city, to one of the border cities, to Detroit westside. And this is the area they call a Breitmore on that part of Detroit. And they're very small homes, all packed, close together. And there's a lot of gang activity there. Like that area you have to try what I've discovered is, like those guys, they're all younger, and they've got something to prove. So, there's a lot of crazy shit going down. A lot of dope being sold over there. Versus like the more you get downtown, the more it's like the bigger old houses, and things are just like chill quiet. People are doing their thing, and just businesses, usual, drug dealing. But there's a lot. And I remember I would sit on the porch in the summer, and you could just hear it all night. Just pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop. From like the, you know, few blocks away. It was literally all night wild. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I have to admit like if I ever, there's a couple times I heard a gun shot in a city, and it's very rare, because I'm living Canada, just but if you like I have heard one, and it's like, holy fuck up, it's definitely a gun. Yeah. But down in some of like, you know, Detroit. Pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop. Like pop corn all night. No, actually just helps you sleep, it's like, they call, they call it white. Like having the fan on. Yeah. Yeah. You turned it off, okay. Yeah, I'm comfortable. Yeah, I'm sure we do that. Yeah, I can't sleep here. I can't sleep on the country. Guys starts popping pop corn instead. All right, we're fine. Yeah, it goes on holidays. Press to run a blender all night. Yeah. Okay. Um, so what are we doing? We doing some YouTube questions Scott, and we just gonna, sure. What's up? Sure. I've got like six of them. Um, good. Well, what's so, let's do what's the latest with Dusty first of all? Yeah, yeah. What's your update? What do you have to add? How are you going to go to the workplace by telling us about your life? Oh, God. Well, I mean, I could tell them about my life so they could feel better about themselves. I mean, that would be helpful. Oh, okay. Well, maybe not here. Maybe that could happen. Yeah. No, nothing crazy. I, uh, I will say that I put up. Last week, I decided just for fun to just put up like things that had nothing to do with bodybuilding on my Instagram. And he just won post with like 10 pictures. A lot of people dug it, but coincidentally, I had taken a picture of them putting the foundation on my house a week ago. It was awesome. Uh, today they put the roof on it. Wow, that's fast. And I'm like, okay, apparently framing is a very fast thing. I had no idea. Like, I went to check on it. I was like, holy shit, there's a house there. Yeah. So that was a big moment. So stoked on that. Still going to be four months or four months done, but at least got me excited. And then I closed on my mother's house. Got her moved in and I've already started immediately. The carpet that was in the house and I would floor isn't carpet. I don't do carpet. So that came out, replaced the floors yesterday. So maybe put stairs on the deck because it was, yeah, I got floating deck. I got wasn't there was no stairs down. Who doesn't that, wow, the fuck you got to get down stairs? Because her house is like on a hill Scott. Yeah. Yeah. So I need to have a flat stairs put on, but the stankfully, the same guy did both. Cool, his business. So knocking both out on Saturday, where in business. So now it's easy. The only thing that's gotten a little tricky is my mom still hasn't figured out that I don't talk on phones. Oh, she keeps calling my text device. It's very confusing. So like this morning, I shot her text to verify something. You know, to make sure it was good. The odd put name and visible fence on her yards or her dogs can roam, but they're locked in. And I said, is it lady coming? What time's lady coming? She's still 10. She sends back 10 to noon, but I'll give you more exact time. Okay. Now I'm in the gym and then my phone rings. My answer, she goes, should be 10 30 to 10 45. I'm like, that was textible. That's a text. What are we doing here? So I have to just rewind a little bit. I used you you said something and I just allowed it to go past so you could finish your sentence. What's an invisible fence? You don't know the visible fence is. Oh, it's visible fence. Is that what you said? So there's no fence. That's it. But there's a fence for dogs. So it sounds like James Bond's collar on them. Oh, wow. Oh, I can't walk out. Yeah. My parents have said it. It works good. It doesn't keep other dogs out of your yard though. That's you. Yeah, you got to watch for it. Yeah, but my parents, like my mom's yard is down. There's we no reason to be there. Yeah. You're not walking that area. Yeah. So yeah, it's it's good. It'll be a nice thing because she didn't realize. I was like, I think I was like, I'm not spending $15,000. But thanks to your yard. She was like, I think you might. You were putting a fence up, but you were going to get like, I thought it was like going to be covered in like foliage. You can put a fence. It's a army guy. I could gardener to come in and put vines all over the fence to cover it. I was like, what's an invisible fence? Hold on. Hold on. This is getting confusing. Very expensive. Very expensive. It would have been painted just like the, like just like, just like, you can run right into that fucking place. If you look at it, and just look like this surrounding terrain. Yeah. Yeah. I'll put the leaves. I love that by life is such a mess that run process into something totally. He's like, this guy's getting shit done to his face every other week. Maybe there is an invisible fence. Well, I don't know. I see. I'm a bad consumer. We've been over this. I'm not good at buying stuff. And sometimes I don't even know stuff exists. I'm like, oh, really? That's awesome. And like, you know, like, I, I'm not the type of guy that wanders through best buy and like grabs the newest stuff. And like, I got the easing this. You know, I'll see someone using something. I'm like, oh, what's that? You know, I can have to put it in the cell phone. I'm a bad shopper. Yeah. Yeah. So I noticed that I think my phone just slowed down. Hmm. I do that to your purpose. Tell me. Yeah. So I think they're, while they just happened to also tell me I'm do that I'm eligible for an upgrade. I was just going to slow down the next day. Yeah. Yeah. The great next day, it's just like a little bit less responsive when I do the face scan. It takes like an extra second to get into it every fucking time. Yeah. And like all those seconds add up. They're trying to send me a message. Right? I actually have a, I think it was Todd, my, my video guy. He is one of those guys. He's like my phone works. Fuck you. Yeah. Right. Eventually they stopped like doing updates. And he like had to get a new phone. Which I get such a kick out of. I'm like, this guy has all the coolest shit. It lives the coolest life. Like, what's the, what's the, what's the, what's the oldest phone you could still use? Like, can you still have like an old Nokia flip phone? Yeah. You could still call it those ones. It's more like the smartphones where they, they kind of age them out. Like, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's what I mean. But how far back can you go and still take a phone call? Like, did you have an iPhone 4, you know? No, like, could you have like a motorola from 1999? Oh, yeah. Yeah. Because they have those just like the burner phones. You can still buy those. You just, you know, you can't text or they know. Really? Is it like the, I'm, what I'm saying is like, is that, is that. I know that it's like looks like the same phone and it's just basic and you can just call people on it. You're saying actual 19. Is it the same chip and the same technology that will still work on the same? I don't know. I don't know how. I don't know how. Yes. And what's the oldest phone you can still text somebody? Like a T9. Tintextor. Yeah. Like the old school text. What's the oldest phone you could still text to like your iPhone? I wonder. I don't know. I wonder how like, you know, what is your phone? Because you still have face recognition. It's just so can't be that old. No, I got like 10, the 10 X max. Yeah. The big 10. It's not that old. Yeah. But I just, it's at one second. That's it. That's just the one second every time I do something. You know what's funny about that? Ron is, we are old enough that we all did like, ALL and have a week for the. Oh, no. No, if something is like less than 0 seconds, we get frustrated. Yeah. Sensitant. But the fuck. I'm also getting more aware that I'm not every one day closer to death. So let's not waste these seconds. It's valid. I think about that with. Driving. I'm like, you will have all people. You'd want to get where you're fucking lonely. It's almost over. Why are you going 30 in a 45? That's a problem here, by the way. People drive under the engine. Oh, yeah. Where is this? Oh, Vancouver. Terrible drivers. Sorry. I had somebody. The crazy, like I thought it was a Detroit driver when I was in Vancouver. We were like, oh, bang the law. Going to speed limit. I wasn't like speeding or anything, but we were making a right hand turn. And this guy started honking his horn behind us. We're waiting at a light. And then he blew past the light. Turned right. And then made a big U-turn in the middle of the intersection flipped us off and took off. That was a fucking Canadian too. Really? Yeah. They must've known you were very young. Wow. Yeah. I didn't think they kind of think happy. Wow. We're not always nice. We're not always nice. We take our road rage very serious. Do you? See, I'm just good. The treat road rage like hockey. That's good. Yeah, there's a little hockey in us, right? So if you parked at a red light, there's a little, this fuck. You got time for a little. You know what I'm thinking of, we're on. Have you been watching the hockey? Oh my god. Yeah, just a highlight. Just be keeping up on the highlights. Dude, I, so my friend is a huge range of Spain. Yeah, they go up too well. And I was like, I will see, because I picked Tampa, like, the beginning of playoffs to win again, we'll see. I have to be better. But anyways, at the end of game two, the lightning of one. And I don't know, sorry, the end of game three, the lightning of one. Now they're up three, two in the series. And for whatever reason the game is over. And there's a scuffle at the end and a captain of the lightning who's not like a known like fighter actually gets in a fight. Nothing crazy happens. But I literally texted my said, should not have done that. They were entire team is lit up. The very next day, they close them out in Tampa. And he scores the only two goals of the game. And it's like, when you play sports, you can see that shit. You're like, oh, that was mistake. So yeah, I was, yeah, I mean, it's just, I watched the reaction of all the other players. Like, when your fight is against the fight, you're like, huh? It's what they do. When you're, when you're captain gets in a fight. Yeah, it'd be like if you're in comparison, like if Sydney cries, we got in a fight. And actually did all right, you'd be like, huh? Fuck, like that's the thing you're on. You're on your job. You know, you know? It's a big arrest to the team is what you mean the whole team. Oh, yeah, you can see they were armed. I mean, literally, they were like high-fiving and shit. Like something crazy happened. And it wasn't a big scuffle or anything. It wasn't even a big deal. So it was fun to watch. And I, I actually sacrificed half of that game for my mother's birthday party. So it's kind of a good person. You're a good son. How will your mother? I have no idea, but I keep telling her, she's angry. I think she's in her 60s, but I don't actually know how. She's older than you. You're only one because I know how old I am. She's at least 50, she's at least 57. We'll put it that way. Yeah. I mean, and I just told her, it's like, look, I lied about my age. You can lie about yours. It's fine. We're good. Right. Okay. And I'm pleased either one of us. So yeah. So yeah, I want, if there is a heaven, I should get a spot there just for that. So there's that. You've been a good son, Dusty. I will, I will give you that from what I know. Thank you. I do like best to make up for all the bad shit. So we have a question Scott. You got some or you were doing it to YouTube. I think we're doing some YouTube questions. Okay. And I think Scott said, you know, things were going pretty good with YouTube questions. I think Scott said. Yes. And with that said, guys, comment with your questions plus comments. All that stuff. Yeah, you can bring this up. I'll give you some. Sometimes we just go over the comments, you know. Oh, yeah, we didn't do the like share subscribe comment and ring the bell. Yes. There we go. It's the random like it's known to that. Like fuck it. This is what episode 145. Yes, sir. Yes, there we go. So I'll start here. We had a training question. We'll get it. It's a judge. It's a judge. It's a judge. It's an interesting something. Okay. So it would be awesome. If you guys could explain how you would set up a back day for thickness and a back day for width. Okay. Well, I, I've done that before. I've trained back twice a week before with that strategy. And I'm not sure if I think about it as with versus thickness. I guess I tried to not think of it that way. But what I did do was. Was sort of set it up with like rows and dads on the one day because there was so much lower back stress. So one day was like a bent over, you know. Sort of barbell row, cable row, hammer, maybe a hammer row machine and a deadlift. And then the other days were like pull downs and stuff. And, and that was just because I only wanted to stress out my lower back. That way once a week. You know, so I didn't put like barbell rows on one day and then like, you know, T bars on another because I just tried to keep all the kind of bent over hard lower back stuff on the one back day, which is, you know, rows and dads. And then the other day was a pull down day. But I remember purposely trying not to think of it as width versus thickness because I don't really think that way. I just think of like getting the lats and traps and everything to grow. So right. But yeah, that's all I did it. Scott. I would say, you know, I would say the same thing that I don't like specifically think like this is for width and width. And this is for thickness so much. I think of splitting it up in, you know, pull down type movements, row type movements, and then hinge type movements, like a deadlift type movement or, you know, a rack pull. But I'll tell you what I've been experimenting with with some guys lately. We've been doing for the last couple of years. The people I work with have been doing a lot of push pull legs heavy progressive overload. And then we started experimenting with with say, for instance, a guy wants to bring up his back and his chest. Then we're doing push pull legs and then next workout would be back. Next workout would be chest or chest and then back. And for those days, instead of the heavy progressive overload, we're doing a little bit higher volume, you know, instead of like top set back offset. We're doing like three sets and maybe using a machine now and using, you know, using things that almost put a governor on it like. Trying to say maybe take shorter rest periods between sets using constant rup stuff like that. And because I think I think at the end of the day is awesome as progression is if there's anything left on left on the table. You might be able to pick that up and get it with a little bit more volume. So and especially if we're doing all progressive overload all the time and you do that for like five months and then we go to this. I think bringing that volume in and getting like the like the circle, placemake, high purchase fee as they call it getting the more like the round bubbly look from, you know, more reps. I think that that works nicely. So I would almost think of maybe splitting your workouts up into possibly something like that where you're really hard, really heavy progressive for part of it. And then think about maybe really trying to volumeize the muscle as well just to thought. Okay. Interesting. What about you, Dusty? That was awesome. Which now have to change the subject of it. Scott, you have another overall winner that happened to be from here this weekend. He didn't win the overall. He didn't win the overall. No, he didn't. But thank you. Yeah, heavyweight. He won. It was his first show. Chad shut up to Chad. Yeah. He, he won his true novice class, his novice, the novice overall and then he won heavyweight first show. So in any any took second overall. So he needed a couple more weeks, which we have. We're setting up to do two shows. So we're going to do it again. And two more weeks, strong dude. I should get a picture of him. You guys, like he's got, you know, you're just watching him. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'm not sure. I didn't know. You got to pull that up. I know. So I, you posted his girlfriend had posted it and you shared her story or whatever on yours. Yeah. Yeah. I clicked on to see what was because of your client and I'm like, wait a minute, I met this girl. No kidding. I was in for, yeah, because I met, but I was still stone after my sickness when I met her, but I do remember media. But, and it all connected because I went to his page and saw that they owned a jam and I was like, oh shit. That's wild. So yeah, look at you. Thank you. You can blow on people. Yeah. Good job. Good job. I appreciate it. I had no idea it was just for show. You got to look for an awesome. Yeah. This isn't like his people. Thank you for this. Okay. So this isn't his final pictures. This is just one I happen to be able to find like on the spur of the moment. But look at these quads on him. He's got some, like, so and it got, it got stronger. Just dancing. Yeah. Like everything is like stride in his legs. This is, this is from a little while ago. One of the pictures he just kept a deer drop say like his tear drops are big. Yeah. They take up a lot of his leg. Yeah. Yeah. So it was a freaky tear drops, man. Really cool. You're both powered. His wife is a power of the two. Yeah. And like, like, I bet I bet he was quite a hard person. Oh yeah. I was of course, it was a rabbit hole situation Scott. Like I clicked on yours. I clicked on hers and I can see it on like halfway down his page or whatever you do. Don't actually like something the guy's gonna think I'm a stalker. Yeah. Like six months ago. Yeah. Yeah. It's how it looks like a province. Yeah. Yeah. So, yeah. No, it's the, like, the question. Same exact thing. The only thing that I do recommend for people is on, I did describe it as thickness and width because it's the same shit. Yeah. There's other terms I like. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But it's like the only thing I always did is I always would suggest they did one of the other movements on the opposite way. So like we're doing a thickness day. I'd open you up with a lat pull down or something first and then go get started. I always like doing that anyways. I mean, the majority of my workouts are only a couple movements anyways. But I always felt better doing my width work first, my ratchins or whatever. Because I felt like my back was open. So that was time to bend down and do a dead left or whatever. I kind of felt like prime. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I actually think I did that too. I think there was like one, you know what I mean? And then on the pull down day there'd be at least a hammer row. Yeah. Exactly. Yeah. It's important. Yeah. It's important. Yeah. Or a cable low or something like that. Agreed. Yeah. Okay. Good question. Okay. I got all distracted. I think there's a comment. Not a question. But Brent said working at a client's today got this blasting in their new outdoor sound system. Thanks as always for the great content. And I said, so basically you're about to get fired. And he said, no, I'm self employed in the client is a fan of the show also. I don't have a school man. That's amazing. Hey, that is funny. That is funny. I had a new one. I had a new member sign up at the gym the other day. And I just happened to be there. So I'm behind the counter. And I think I was covering like they went to the staff when to get food or something. So I just happened to be behind the counter. And he comes in and he's like, hey, it's one to join. And I was like, oh, okay. You know, but the plan, how'd you hear about the gym? And he's like, oh, yeah. You know, a friend's train here and all this. And I like signed the guy up. Yeah. And then he goes, oh, good episode less week by the way. Yes. That's a cool. And I had to make sure I go, I go, are you talking about the mutant on a mission that came out of the podcast? And he goes, oh, I saw that too. But I watched your podcast all the time. So he actually saw both. That's cool. It was just funny. It made me laugh because like, you know, he didn't let on at all. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Well, yeah. Like he didn't really like any Ron or what I'm doing there. It was just cool. He's like, oh, that's one join. You know, so it's kind of funny. They're out there and they're sometimes keeping it to themselves. Yeah. Morgan's got one for us. So it's best they go again back. Question for the next episode. What would you guys do to pass the time in between meals during prep when starving? Also any calorie dense food concoctions when trying to get huge. So he's starving, but he's also daydreaming about getting a lot of food. That's always so it works. You're dreaming of offseason in prep. When you're offseason in force feeding, you're like, God, I can't wait to just be shredded. You know what? I think the ultimate little weight gain snack. Easy to get down. Calorie dense. Lots of calories. We all get enough protein. Yeah. Well, you're trying to bulk up. You don't actually need more protein. You're eating like fucking 300 plus 400 grams. The big guys, you know, guy hit his size probably 400 grams already. So if he's hungry, it's not protein. He needs just energy. He needs peanut butter sandwiches. They are peanut butter sandwiches. Two pieces of toast with a bunch of peanut butter between them. That's good. That's delicious. They're sandwiches. They're sandwiched with them toast, by the way. Yeah. It's going to be toast is better. A little toast that you got to toast it. Yeah. Anyone peanut butter to kind of melt inside a bit. Peanut butter sandwich, toast with peanut butter sandwich, easily the best calorie dense snack. And passing time while starving. Hey, I sat on a couch and played a lot of guitar between meals when I was competing. I played a little bit of John Madden football too in my early days. I'm not going to lie. I would. I thought, hey, it's good enough for Chris Cormier and Flex Wheeler. It's good enough for me. So I would. I would. I would sit and play John Madden football in the early days in the 90s between meals. You know, now a day's you have no excuse to not be making money at least on your phone. Yeah. There's like, you know, back before phones you did actually have time to kill. You're like, well, what are we going to do sitting in this condo by myself? Like literally just, you know, what do you do? Do you guys remember that bodybuilder Eric Finkhouser? Yeah. I remember him doing this video where he played Madden while he was on his elliptical. Yes. And he was like, when when my guy would run, I would start going faster. Well, faster. I tried to do that with like a call a duty style game on my tablet. I swear to God, like within 30 seconds, I was going to fall down. I was just like, because my guy had to have to turn him and then like to not turn on the treadmill. It was dangerous, man. I had to stop. Yeah. That's her right. I tried to sit on the bike and play like even just leaning on the console riding the bike and play. Yeah. But I, I just for some reason I just didn't like it. I was like, nah, I got to just be chilling out to play. Me too. I'm on the bike. I want to just be in my head and I'm a music blast, thinking just thinking about something. Or I just want to watch TV and just be entertained. Yeah. You know, I don't want it. I can't handle the effort. I can't the physical output of coordinating my fingers. I'm not into it. I'm with you. I'm with you there. Okay. Yeah. So musical hobby. You know, we're in something by a drum set. Pist your neighbors off. If you can't want those electric ones. What about you, Dusty? You know what? I was fortunate that when I was bodybuilding the most, I still on the businesses. I didn't have free time. Yeah. And I think that's a curse. I think it's funny to a lot of people these days. They're like, I have get ready for a show. I think I'm going to take off two months of work. And I'm like, why? That's a whole different thing. Yeah. Yeah. It's so brutal. Yeah. It's so much easier to literally like, I had to put alarms in my phone. So the alarm would go off. So I need to drop everything. Eat the meal and get back. And then I did have a couple of perhaps what I was done with the business. It was so much fun. It was so much fun. I realized I was hungry. I didn't have time to realize I was hungry. Like you're busy. I mean, literally, you know how this is. You guys have both been there when you're slammed. There's no, I mean, if you imagine Ron, you're trying to prep now. Like you do it, but there's no time to think about being hungry. Yeah. So I always consider that a blessing to be slammed. You know, because I did like I said, I did it once or twice. And too much time is, it's also, I think a lot of people that have idle time to realize their physique's too far, whether you're in question every little thing they're doing. Like it's not that I was just so confident. I didn't have time to worry about it. That was Chris's job. Yeah. I went to eat. I got to go. Yeah. I had a bunch of people comment this week about what you said about Chris Isido. I had a couple of people say they just died when he was going to say, will he eat a potato even if he doesn't want to? Yeah. That's just, people thought that was so funny. And my training partner, he said that he loves how Chris boils everything down to just like the little, little thing. Like how can you take like, you know, take this concept and just make it this will feed a potato. Yeah. Yeah. There's no like context before that. There's no back and forth. No. It's hard. But if you know, just understand, you're like, I know what he means. Yeah. Yeah. I laughed. That was great. I think that's the best advice though, that the stay busy thing. Yeah. You know, I think that my first prep, the company I worked for, I was a warehouse manager and the company was going under. And so I, I wrote it out and got laid off. And I was like, okay, this is good. Actually, because I'm prepping for a show. And I'll take this last couple months and just like live the lifestyle and it was brutal. You know, like it was brutal because it was just me sitting on the couch and on the message boards and listening to podcasts and that was it kind of sucked versus the next show. I, my, my girlfriend was competing and I was helping her and I had a job again and I was super busy with that. And I remember her show was two weeks before mine and I was at the show and people were, I was like, I was way, like, it was, I mean, obviously I had more experience, but I was in way better shape in people were like, oh, what class are you in today? Because they thought I was competing by looking at my face and stuff. And I realized like, I should have done that show too because I was definitely ready for it. And it just, it dawned on me. I'm like, wait, I'm two weeks out. No, like I got through it already. You know, you realize where you worked, you're so focused. Yeah, I'm so busy. So fucking busy. Yeah. I remember prepping for a show when I was going to college full time. And then I remember just like it just fucking flew by. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You evaporated, you know. So, okay. What's the next one, buddy? All right. Kevin 21 says I have very long arms and very short tricep insertions because my triceps and halfway up my arm in a t-shirt, I look like the asshole that only trains biceps. Or should I embrace the dark side? Well, by dark side does he mean time to start juicing or does he mean like shoot the shit out of him and hopefully just like look okay. Even shooting him when work is already there. That's great. Yeah. That's a change on everything. So two things you got to do. First of all, you have to be very selective about your t-shirt sleeves. I have always been very selective. You have either have to be like to the elbow like like they shirt or they have to be high enough up the biceps that my triceps shows, you know, like decently high up and snug enough that there's no baguiness like, you know, there's a very, I'm very picky about sleeves. Especially now that my arms aren't as big as they used to be, I really want to make sure that they're not like being out angled by a poorly fitting sleeve. It's an important concern that every self-respecting retired body builder needs to keep in mind. And that's why sometimes chop chop. It just takes the sleeves right off. Like Newton has this one shirt that says train like hell on the back. Yeah. And I love that. I love that shirt because train like hell's like one of my things that I would say. And I like the shirt. Nice and widen the shoulders and it's got a long hang, got a good hang on that shirt. You know, but the sleeves were wrong for me. So that's one of my sleeveless ones. You got to go sleeveless in that one for me. Dusty arms are big enough. He can probably just push him up and they'll stay. But I was in so every, everyone knows that I'm the asshole that doesn't train biceps. So maybe this guy and I should meet in the middle. Right, right. Right. But fuck. There you go. There's that look. Like the look of the guy like when you're around average size people that train and they definitely do a lot to make sure you see their biceps. But then you see a big guy like when you guys and you know, you're at the expo or something. And then there's the guys who just wear a t-shirt and they don't try to do anything with it. And you can just see under the sleeve. The sleeve might come down to their, you know, their elbow almost and you're like, oh shit, that guy's arms are fucking huge. Like that's me. That's the goal. Like look like that. You know what I mean? That was always the goal. I had this. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Like like I gave Ian Valera like a five X West Coast iron shirt. Yeah. That we had and it wasn't like a tight t-shirt. It was like made to be like a norm like a bigger shirt. It was like one of our old ones like, you know, one of those cotton gildens that we had early in the day, right? Yeah. And I gave him like a five X and the next day he was wearing it in the gym. It was like busting on his arm. Like it went all the way to the elbow. So you couldn't see any of his arm, but it was just takes fucking. Yeah. And I remember just like look, I gave you a walk up and just started with like a razor and cut the shirt. It was just like, just split unfold. Yeah. So when you got arms like that, yeah, it doesn't fucking matter. But in my case, I have to like pay attention to the angles, you know. Yeah. Yeah. Anything else you're going to add there, Dusty? No, it's it. All right. Then we got one for you from Gabs. He says question for Dusty. Does Malanatin to affect tattoo color just got a fresh blackout sleeve? No. What's a blackout sleeve? If it's right, I think it is this entire armage black. Just black. Yeah. I've seen people that's a thing now. Okay. Yeah. But no, because while Malanatin works, it's, it's a pigment issue. So it has nothing to do with an artificial ink putting your body. So no, it won't affect it at all. Okay. I didn't like the Malanatin stuff though, because I found all like your freckles and everything else also get darker. Yeah. And then eventually you get to that point where skip was for like 10 years where you're like a different color. And I'm like, does this know and tell them? Can we not tell them? Can we tell them? Do you tell them? And we were at the Arnold a few years ago. I'm walking around with skip and people were like, hey, good luck this weekend. This is going to start the Malanatin. The plotting is in fucking tape. Poppin in masters. Yeah. Good luck in music. Good luck this weekend, buddy. Like people who didn't know them and stuff. Yeah. Just like amazing. Well, plus he's always in shape. So I could see that. Like he's got veins. Just flying down. I don't know. I was just competing. Got protein on these sliced. Yeah. Oh, that's good shit. I remember when I first met him, I thought he was transracial. Actually valid. I thought he was like, oh, you know, identify as African-American. Yeah. I don't know whatever. So I went with it. I went with it. I went with it. Yeah. No, he had a good 10. Solid 10. Excellent 10. There was like a couple more and they maybe were like drug related. Let's see here. Quick question from Andy Boy. He says, maybe for the next show, why wouldn't we be able to use debol alone if it's a testosterone derivative? I understand it shuts off HTPA function, but it wouldn't be any more than injecting testosterone anyways. I understand when he invent anover, aren't testosterone derivatives, so taking them without test wouldn't be a good idea. Thanks guys. Love the show as always. Well, first of all, I'm not a scientist. But I can tell you what I've seen personal experience. Everything is dose related when it comes to all these different drugs and what the side effects it. You hear, oh, that makes you watery. Well, it's dose related. Right. So, the overall would traditionally be something that I think to take an effective dose of debol would probably result in more water retention than an effective dose of testosterone by itself. Yeah. That's one thing I might venture to guess. I don't know. I remember my first cycle of debol. I blew up on water and my first cycle of sustenance. I only had like a bit of water on me. So I'm not sure if he's able to get anti-eromatees and, you know, romatees inhibitors and stuff to try to help, but I don't know. I think I'd rather prep on just test. I've done it before. And I got shredded. Yeah. I don't know if I'd want to prep on debol alone. It just doesn't sound like something I would be, you know. Something I would do. And then as far as just taking whiny or anover by itself, I mean, you could totally do that. I did. I'm not like you're going to have a constraint or anything. In fact, I remember one of the most shredded people I've ever seen in my life is this guy named Bill. And I remember from Australia and I asked him, what are you on? He was like a middleweight. He was just ungodly like next level disgusting, like, you know, the most strider human ever seen up close kind of. And he was like, oh, I'm just on Winstrel on Climbing. I'm on. Okay. You know. So that's my experience with that question. You know what I mean? I mean, my answer is who said you couldn't do that? Yeah. I was going to throw people in the game. Like, those related things. You got to find that. I never said that. Yeah. So I mean, I guess for me, the only reason that I would make a blanket statement, like that would be why? Like, why would you avoid test with it? You know, or why would you, you know, because I have found great success on keeping test very low while doing other things. I've definitely learned since retiring that I think I was running test higher than I ever needed to the whole time. Mm. Okay. Now now I feel better, lower, and do the other things as I want to. I'm like, oh, I don't think I ever really needed that. I mean, I'm not doing the exact same things, but, you know, as far as, uh, and a pseudosim, there are no rules and bodybuilding. That's my advice. Right. Same thing when somebody says, do you think this is a good cycle? I'm like, I don't know. Try it. Like, you know, if you want to run that whole by itself, why not? But to me, if you're going to go on something you're going to throw your hormones off, I've just always been in the mindset of then go on and go big and get done with it. I know. No, as opposed to fucking you up because I took 50 million rounds of deep ball for six weeks. Yeah. Right. Right. You know, so worthwhile. What can I say? I'm ready. I'm going to ask. I'm with you guys and I'll just add the, I think my only fear of guys who do oral only cycles is that I think that if you were to do it once, okay, more power to you, as you kind of see what things are like, if that's all you ever do and now you're like, hey, now I want to do another cycle and I'm going to now stack it with wind stroll and, you know, you start doing stuff like I think that down the road, you would probably deal with more health consequences if you were only relying on orals. So I just wrote out there to him that like, hey, you want to get your feet wet, okay, cool, you know, but yeah. Yeah. I think this one, so we have one more from Raiden Sky. And I think this goes back to Dusty talking about moving shots around versus just sticking with the basic stuff. How many milliliters would you put in each muscle group max? Like arms, less thing glutes, etc. I do armage more than glutes because I don't think you should put shots in glutes, but that's just me. No, as far as milliliters, my experience is actually the needle becomes the problem with guys who are who eventually see hatch feeling that careers over. It's actually taking shots over and over with a, you know, larger needle. Like guys are saying now, like if you can use smaller pins, even insulin syringes, that would be better for those types of things. It's not what I do. I just 231 all the time. And I'll put two milliliters in one spot. It's never been an issue for me, but you're going to have some discomfort, maybe. But I've always done the same thing. Get done taking a shot. Of course, clean up. Take the shot. I'll usually, before the end of the night, take a massage gun to it again. Kind of break up that. And that's always been successful. But try things yourself and see the biggest thing is just the moving around is my obsession. I just, I hate seeing, for example, the middle doubt is the spot that so many guys just have this lump. And I'm like, you don't see that. You don't want to see it. You don't want to see it. You're not going to create. Yeah. I mean, keep that in mind is all as exactly what runs into. You're not trying to create muscle. You're not trying to, you know, how do I get a peak? Not by putting a bunch of shots in your biceps over and over one spot. Just stupid. Right. So weird. Yeah. I moved around, but I would also say just take what you're comfortable with. Because I always wanted to be able to hit my quads just because they're easy. And they're right there. I did twice. Both times it was near death experience. I was literally like hobbling. You know, somebody, like, what did they call that back in the day? Like it was somebody with knee in the side of the leg. Charlie Horst. Yeah. That's what it felt like for three days. God. And I know guys do it all the time. I have nothing. I'm just a bitch for some reason. I don't know. Some guys love quads. I wish them and my most horrendous experiences of my life were quad shots. I was like, if you're a lie, fuck it. It's counting women. Everything. Yeah. It's fucking terrible. It's one thing if your shoulder hurts from a bad shot or you got to sort of try set. When your leg is so fucking sore, I can't do anything. It's like, you guys will be on crutches for like three days. Like I've lived or lived around this in bad quad shots. Yeah. I feel like when you do a muscle, this is theories. So no one right me and tell me how I'm more on. But I just thought if you had shoulder, your arm, your moves so much that maybe it breaks up quicker. Right. Right. Everybody's like, what do you want to show on the way around? Much. You know, your arms kind of handle themselves. Oh my God. It seemed to make sense to me. Don't move. And if you think about it, your your vastus, ladder Alice, the outside of the quad, doesn't stretch much when you bend your knee all the way. No, it doesn't really have a like it's range of motion isn't that long. It only goes like this. The, like you can fold your knee right to your your heel right to your butt and your side quad doesn't really stretch tremendously. You know, that's what I mean. I mean, you're like a delt. You don't even think of stretching. You can just reach your spine. You can just reach your spine. I think the range of motion. There are belts. No big. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I know you're lifting your spoon to eat your cereal. You're just like pumping that shot out of there. You know, this is all, you're, you're helping yourself by eating cereal as you're the point of the story. There you go. I'll only add. So dusty can do to in a bicep. If your bicep is not as big as dusty, then maybe you want to do less. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, a lot of bicep there. There is that if we're talking to someone who has like, you know, 15 inch arms, maybe less than two. Maybe. Probably. Yeah. Right. Okay. I have. I have. I have. I have. So I had a couple questions saved and then I had Instagram questions. But I figured Instagram questions would be the next episode, right? And how you want to do it? What's the reason? How many we got? I got in trouble last time for ending the show. Probably people were very heated. Very heated. We, I think, I think, one thing I think we should have done differently last week is if we're going to record two episodes. The first one should be the heavy hitter, the longer show. Because, you know what I'm saying? Because we like came in with a bang, but then it was like, oh, it's only 30 minutes. People were like, dude, somebody actually said the other day they're like, gone or the days when it's just body building was enough, was an hour long. You just need a few hours long. That's why we did it. Because we've gone for a while. We've gone for a while. One of us gets really fucking busy. And that's the fucking do a short episode. One episode. One episode. One episode. Oh, man. The honor of the days. I remember when I was young and actually Ron and Scott, would actually care about their audience enough to give us 60 whole minutes. He selfish, Fox. I get punished for doing things one time. I get a hooker once it's a problem. This happens right. Right. I got to go see him. He's going to bleed here. I can only record until 11 a.m. Because I'm dusty and I do things at odd times a day. Can't help with the family's going. I got to bring the hooker. Yeah. I have those to myself. I'm not using it. Sorry. I take this. Okay. We're here. We'll just randomly throw some in. What are your saved questions, Ron? So I had one walking the line of getting truly peeled. The last stubborn fat areas that aren't in lower back glute already been dieting for six months. Two weeks out of my foreshow, there's still a little bit on my glutes. I have no problem pushing hard of dieting for months. But it seems like my personal level of hardness. I just can't seem to get the fat. The last bit off my glutes and get them striated. I just feel like I'm getting skinnier and not harder in your advice. That is tough without a shit ton of context. Yeah. Bigger. It is possible. And I've done this myself where I've lost muscle. I've lost 10% of quality to get 1% leaner. You know what I'm saying? So like I lost. I wasn't as good. The dust these six weeks of hell later were lost to the guy six weeks ago. So I'm not going to say that that's not possible. The question is, is striation versus conditioning. Because for example, look at Jay Cutler from the back. And he's peeled out of his mind. Look at his glutes. Now think of Ronnie and Kai. Look at their glutes. Look how deep those striations are. Now look at how big their asses are. Yep. That's a big factor. When you have more tissue, you have deeper lines. So it is feasible that you are as lean as you can get as much as your glutes are going to come in. I do think that if some mistake, some of you guys make, it's like, well, my triceps aren't striated like leaf priests. So I must not be in shape. Well, no, you're just just don't fucking look like that. So that's a possibility. The other thing is, you know, are you taking measurements? I think that's key. If you're starting to worry about actually if you're losing size, that's the way to know. Because it's a little scientific data. Yeah, you should be absolute. Because if you don't have that, then sometimes it's your mind kind of trying to convince you to not push further. Because I mean, I think John Metos, the guy like eight water for weeks on end to get peel out of his head. And I don't think he lost any size. So it has any engine that extra drugs or anything else. But the point is, I think a lot of times people are convinced they can't go further because mentally it's hard. Diding for six months is impressive. Diding for three weeks and complete hell is also another thing. Yeah. Yeah. Well, one thing I would say is, you know, there is a possibility. It's rare. But there is a possibility after Diding for six months if he's come down a long ways. Maybe he needs to eat for a few days. Maybe he needs to up his carbs and fill out a bit for everything to pop. I mean, it's possible that he never really filled out. He said he's doing his fourth show. I mean, it's possible that with all the shows close together, he never really, you know, filled out and he's just doesn't realize that, you know, there's maybe there's a bit more pop therapy. If he was kind of done Diding and that's the trap some guys get in is they think they have to keep pushing because they're looking for those cuts that aren't there. But the muscles just so like they're just so dieted that there's no cuts, you know. So it's like that endless, endless pursuit of something that you've passed. It's like in the back, it's like behind you and you've run past it, you know. Yeah. Because you know, you do see guys like I have seen a couple of guys where they eat for three, four days after a show and the glutes are more strided for sure. Right. For sure. It happens. It happened to me once. Yeah. It was one time. The Sunday after my show and my glutes were way more strided. I look, I couldn't believe it. It was the only time that I'd ever happened to me. Yeah. I ate an entire large pizza and a leader of ice cream and a bunch of fucking junk and just junk and guzzled like a gallon of water and went to bed and look up in the morning and I was fucking, I just was so, I was like, oh my God, the fuck did I get a little faster? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It was 2008. I was 2008. That really sucked. Only time that I'd ever happened. I just got too depleted. I just got really flat the week before I didn't run out flat I was. It can be hard to fill back out, you know. Yeah. Remember my own in a week, you know. I remember my glutes had like all the fibers but they were like dancing around kind of faint, you know. Right. Like you could tell I was shredded like people backstage were like, oh man, you ripped. There was like there was no push, you know. Right. And then the next morning the glutes had like crunch to them like crunch. And I was like, oh, I always watched this yesterday. I would lose it with my legs. That's where I would lose it. Yeah. The quads, the quads were way harder like the difference between being shredded and being shredded and hard. Yeah. And it wasn't until I actually kind of figured something out, talking with skip about it because it was like dude, you're not losing muscle because I was like, oh, I lose muscle going into a show, you know. He's like, you're not losing muscle. You're just not filling out. And I, the analogy I've come to use is like, if you wash your car at home and you've got that sponge in the bucket, if you go out in the spring here in Michigan, we don't wash your cars in the yard in the wintertime. But in the spring you go out and you fill that bucket up with water and you drop the sponge in it. It's like it doesn't just absorb immediately. And I feel like that's what my legs were after, you know, pounding them for eight weeks of dieting real hard at the end where you just stick that sponge in the bucket and it's resistant, you know. I versus if you can. If you can refill them, you know, regularly, you know, the next week you come back out and that sponge just absorbs. So I feel like that's the best, like that's the mental picture I have of what my legs would do, you know. Yeah. If you're washing it, that's what you say. Yeah. Yes. Exactly. So it's good. Do we have anything left on the YouTube? Nothing left on YouTube. We didn't have anything else on YouTube. That was all we had. Yeah. Okay. What's the latest news going on with the Think Big Channel Scott? How many shows do you have going on now on this channel? You know what? Us doing two shows is made people's week that they're really enjoying seeing us more frequently. So that's I think a real highlight right now. And people are really enjoying the drugs and stuff podcast with Dave Crossland. So we do that one. We do Blood Sweat and Gear. We've got one of those coming out each week and every other week or so we do a muscle mine. So Scott Stevenson. So that's kind of like the regular schedule stuff at this point. What is we? Blood Sweat and Gear. What's the main like jam? That's what I did, right? Yep. Yep. We were just on that and Ron, you were on that one a while ago. And both of those episodes did really good too. What's different with that show other than obviously hosts? Less we got talk about hookers in blow, you know? Little less. Yeah, it's more like a coaching Q&A kind of show. So we're just bodybuilding and blow in hookers and shares. Exactly. Exactly. That's written a real small writing under our eyes. It's just Bible. And there's a list of shit. And we have a really cool announcement coming soon. Yes, we've got. We just we just finalized something that we're really excited about and it's going to be good for the podcast. It's going to be great for you guys. Yes. Because it'll be great for us. So anything that's great for us and makes doing the podcast, you know, better for us and more productive and make it look better and sound better and be better and all that sort of stuff. Yeah, excited. I'm so I was going to tell you guys that I forgot about this. So last every Tuesday I go do my smoke night and we're sitting there and the podcast came up because a bunch of the guys there now are in the bodybuilding and discussing. Oh yeah, they got a great podcast and his wife is there and she'll go what's the name of it. So I said, oh, it's just bodybuilding. I kept going and then she goes, it's just bodybuilding. She goes, the titles of your shows are interesting. Yeah, I was like, what you mean, it starts rattling off. It was like, it's on her phone. Yeah. I think it's kind of the joke now. It's really not a lot of bodybuilding anymore. She goes, well now I have to listen and I got a text. I got text like two days later from him and he goes, she loves the show. That's great. She doesn't watch but has nothing to do with bodybuilding at all. It's like this is amazing. So I think the the blow and hookers blow and whatever really got to go. That's a line that'll rope anybody in. Yeah, you got to click. I don't care who you are. Even if you don't play a friend, so you're going to click on that. Oh, and yeah, you know, like everyone from like, you know, high school kid to the Mormon dad. Yeah, I see. What crazy blow. There's a lot of you gets every. But what I love though is now in hindsight now that I know she's watching. I'm like, she's got a totally distorted view of Ron because I was like, well, that doesn't. So you're saying you didn't get a hooker. Yeah, right, right, right, right. You're getting a hooker and you're, there's she doesn't have the story that let into that. So the fact if you just put all of our episode titles in front of any one of my clueless family members and told him to pick a random episode, it'd be like Chris Isido, John Meadows, occurs in blow. That's the one I want to. That's the first episode I'm going to pick. Probably. Yeah. Yeah, it actually made me think because the hangover came out and told you at the other day and it reminded me of that line. He's like four wolves and Vegas looking for cokers and cocaine. It was like, yes. And there we are. So I have to tell you guys a story before we finish this episode. Yes. Well, close this episode. I went and saw a top gun last night. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. See, what do you think? So the original. I had a lot of fun. I had a lot of fun. It was exactly what I was hoping they were going to make for me. Good. It was sort of reminded me of the force awakens, the first Star Wars movie since Disney, like the when Disney came back with the sequels in like what you're was at, you know, 2010 or whatever, whenever, 20. The 21st. Yeah, the first one back, which was actually I actually liked that one. Okay, first one back actually liked. But yeah, it was the beginning of the ruining. Just. But yeah, so the three the three sequel movies, the Force Awakens have like all these things that were obviously put right in there for my age group. We're making a new movie for a new audience. So they got the new characters and they got to appeal to like the new batch of kids and everything. But they know that all the 40 year old parents and people like me are sitting in the theater. So they throw in the Millennium Falcon and they bring Harrison Ford back and they fucking, you know what I mean? Like there's all these like awesome things that they did just for me. And I'm like, thank you very much. I'll selfishly take all of those wonderful little tributes who just gave me, you know, right? Yeah, not was the same thing. It's like the producers went and watched Force Awakens and they're like, okay, Disney fucked up the next couple of movies. But we're going to take this premise and we're just going to deliver that. And it was like, you know, Tom Cruise pulls the cover off his old bike. Yeah, I did like what? I was like, oh, I heard it. He's got he's got the new bike. Like when they're a couple of bikes there, I got a watch. He got the new bike once he, no, so yeah, the old bike when he was where he was, when they sent him off to a San Diego, he had the new bike. Right, right. He like pulls the cover off and gets on the old ninja or whatever. Yeah, what was that? Was that an old ninja or something? That was there. Go. And you know, there's like a 1985 ninja, you know, you have to make a new one now. Yeah, yeah, you know, and then, and then the whole like, I don't want to ruin the movie for people. There's a bunch of bunch of stuff like that. Yeah, you're like, oh, they're bringing in. Okay, here we go, you know, like, yeah, it was a bunch of stuff. You know, the, you know, a question whether millennials would actually know the words to great balls of fire, but still a great scene. I'll take it, you know, and you have to make it. So the character that they used could absolutely have been related to goose. Oh, yeah, great. Yeah, they did a great job of that. And the cast was like, I was like, what the am? I believe that in real life. Okay. Yeah. It was good. There was a couple of other things that really stood out. They, they clearly made a point of trying to deliver an 80 style retro movie. Like, yeah, I think that's part of the reason I got annoyed on someone though, because there were a couple of pointers like, okay, that was super cheesy. It's okay. That was cheesy. Yeah. Like they went out of their way to like, you know, so at the beginning, you know, like relatively close to beginning when they're introducing all the other pilots in that bar scene and their plane. Yes. Okay, that scene worried me a little. Yeah. Because it was getting, it was really getting cheesy like, you know, each character's walking into the bar, like making their appearance and they're all like, I need each other up. Oh, you're here too, you know. And they're all having their little showdown conversation moment and, you know, it was like, I was like, oh, we're going to do this. This is an 80's totally 80 set up like, but then they, they kind of like, they're correct. Okay, after that. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Agreed. But I had fun. I just wanted to throw that review out and I want, and you know, what else do you think, Dusty, about that movie? Well, I think that the most important thing about that movie had nothing to do with the movie. It was that they have a $20 bucket of popcorn at this movie that I went to. You could buy for $20, but you get refills for the rest of the year for four bucks. That was not bad. Which is half price of a normal popcorn. And I came in, I wasn't even popcorn that day. I was, I was going to hold it tight and not eat popcorn and then I sat down and I'm like, what the fuck am I kidding? And I went back. And I bought the $20 one and the guy came back. He goes, this is the second to last. One of these buckets that we're selling. Just like in a way. Good call meant to be meant to be. So you got up out of your seat. Anyway, oh yeah, I laughed. I went back and I was like, that's a real decision made by you. It wasn't on the way. It was proof that I was impure denial of who I was that I actually walked by the first thing. I was actually embarrassed for myself. I came back up and I'm like, I'm sorry. I thought I was a better man, but I'm not. So I didn't fucking popcorn. So my thing is I get the large diet coke half ice. I'm like half the normal amount of ice. So there's more diet coke. And then I get the big bag of chocolate M&Ms. Right? I'm not gonna go ahead. Yeah. And I didn't quite finish the M&Ms. I actually like made a point to not finish them just so I wouldn't feel like a fatso. Let's talk about how much a better person Ron is than me. Because what I do is put the M&Ms in the popcorn and I finish. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, they go get the M&Ms and popcorn and all of it has gone before. Nice. There you go. Oh, we don't want to know one of the many reasons it Ron is a better body with me. There it is. I got something else. I wanted to ask you guys about. Did you either you guys I sent you a link on a group chat? This is the other day I sent it sent it. This was in regard to Ron you had that question about meeting body builders. And there was a video that somebody shared in our Facebook group. Oh, the Brad Hartland. Yeah, Brad Hart. I'm gonna see if I can just like wonder if I can play this. Oh, of course there's a commercial to start. I remember seeing that before. This dude, okay, of course I got to get a weight 10 seconds. But the just is just that. I know, right? Brett Hart. Now here we go. Let's see. Let's see if they go to another ad here. Nope. You know, when the body building thing started, it was, it doesn't like her. She's body builders and who likes body builders. I mean, talk about it. Zero's in life. I mean, there's nothing I can't say. Then go to body builders at all. What a total waste of your life. You know, because of the vanity. Yeah, just the vanity of just all day. You know, there's nothing special about body builders. And they lift weights all day. You know, what was your like beauty passion? Some people are, I don't know, I never had a fascination. I mean, I like a good physique at all. But the point of you know, obsessed and like body builders and the dieting and the whole thing is like, who cares? Like, I don't see any ability or skill in it at all. Same with that. That was amazing. My fellow tactics and individual. And as a group. Yeah. He's actually nothing special about them at all. I wanted to get your taste. So I'm this. So my take is too full done that. He's, I read some comments on that video before. Yeah. And one of the comments was someone explaining the context of what he had just been asked. So if you hear it the beginning he said when the body builder thing started. Right. And what he's talking about is the era of wrestling where they started bringing in up on to jacked guys. And they were really leaning. They were really leaning on the jacked guys. It was like when the TV era got in the Monday night thing was going up crazy. They were bringing in all these body builders is what he like. And then obviously he's got previous, he's got previous feelings about body building. You know, but they started bringing all the, you know, these guys that weren't necessarily the most talented guys. They just had like a crazy TV look. Yeah. And there was a bunch of resentment in the inside wrestling because there was all these guys that were seen as good workers. And they didn't want to work with these body builders because they were, they weren't good workers. They were too stiff and they were dangerous and they felt, you know, like it really caused some people to be like, fuck through these fucking guys that are getting a quick ride to the, you know, TV times and all that stuff. So there's a bit of that. But he obviously doesn't like body builders, right? You know, so whatever, I know he's from Calgary, you know, all the hearts are from Calgary. So, you know, he might have been training in Calgary gyms than the 80s, you know, 70s and 80s putting up with the early, you know, 80s body builders in the gym or something. I don't know. Yeah. Yeah. Brad Brad, Brad Hart's a good Canadian. I'm not going to hold the against. Body builders. I was going to, I was actually going to agree with almost everything he said. Was it wrong? Was it wrong? I was like, wrong. Like, I actually, I said it all the time, when body builders have a big ego, I'm like, really? Because you lift weights, eat food and take drugs that you feel special. That's in bears. Holy shit. Yeah. Yeah. I can't argue with him at all. Like, no. I got Brad Hart's good to have a ride. Yeah. Brad Hart had a stroke on his motorcycle. Totally shit. Like, almost died. And that to go through all the rehab from that and like rehab from the stroke and came back from all that and like, now he's, you know, it's healthy and as far as I know, he's, you know, grab on the ground. Probably. Probably. Yeah. I think once your hair is gray, you don't change. Like, however you, like the person you are when things gray up, that's like, that's, that's the, that's the, that's the, that's the, that's the, that's the, that's the, there's no more, like branching out in your, in your, in your friend zone. Is there anything like that? You're, you walk in your life. You know, you know, I think that actually, that's funny. So what was the other, there was a question. Didn't you see we were gonna, I thought I threw a question for you guys up on there. You did. You did actually, I can grab that really quick because I can't remember here. Here it is. You had said, um, it was about a movie. What was a movie that made you laugh so hard that your abs hurt. Yeah, that was one of the questions I got was name, name a couple movies that you laughed until your abs hurt. And I was trying to think of times where I actually, like, maybe lost it. And liar liar did that for me. liar liar was funny. Okay. That's a good one. Yes. Jim Carrey. That's one of his real funny movies. Oh, yeah. It's good. That was when Jim Carrey was kind of like, you know, the ace fin sure the whole absurd comedy sort of thing. Yeah. You know, a liar liar was one of those. Yeah, that was like, I thought that was a classic because there were so many things. I think like all good humor when someone says something that's funny that you agree with. It's funnier. You know, so like the scene where his where his son is telling him, well, my teacher says that beauty is from the inside. And he goes, that's just something ugly people say. And I'm like, yeah, that's such a classic. It's such a classic line. That's a good one too, because Jim Carrey really gets his physical comedy in there too with like, Oh, yeah. Like how react to be is like when the judge asked some questions and he's like, yes, I mean, no, like he can't, you know, like his hair all pulled sideways. Yeah, it's a good. I was I was remembering one time I I laughed until my abs. They were cramping. So I had ab cramps. I was hysterically laughing trying not to be loud losing my mind. I was probably a little bit high. And for sure. And I actually had ab cramps start to happen and I had to like bridge up in my chair. Yeah, stretch out my abs. And that was watching team America world police in the theater. You're taking it back. Yeah, well, you remember team America, right? Yes. With the dolls. You don't remember. Yeah, I don't remember it clearly though. Like I remember it, but I like the south park guys. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, to team America just killed me. I couldn't believe. And at the time, I just some of the jokes they had in there like when the two, the two puppets are fucking and oh, Jesus, the fuck. Yeah, just so hilarious. But yeah, that movie that movie fucking made me lose my shit. I was I was uncontrollably laughing and my abs started to cramp. And I was having a hard time breathing. And I was just fucking losing it. Yeah, how often that's never happened to you guys. But I was fucking losing. I have no, I don't know the, I've had like abs or face or, but I do like the embarrassing tears. Like you're actually. Yeah, oh, I was full on. I'm like crying. You're like, it's not that kind of crying. It's okay. I couldn't breathe as gasping for air. My, I was with my buddy James and he was laughing super hard too. But then he started laughing more at me. Yeah, he was laughing at you. He was like, Jesus dude, like you were going to die. Yeah. Yeah. He was almost empty. I remember that. There was like fucking nobody in there except a couple of people. So it wasn't that bad. It wasn't like opening night and I was ruining it for everyone. Yeah. Yeah. That's awesome. You have one Scott. No, but are we going to do two shows? Yeah, we should, we should. I just got on my Instagram questions. We should probably, yeah. We should grab this out. We should. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So remember like share, subscribe comment. Ring the bell. Ring the bell. And yeah, it's just body building. Thanks everybody.