I love that all even with the 212 I've been expecting the underdog because you guys remember I'm the lightest guy in the division still still yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah for me I'm always underdog any show I go into right right so it never leaves you never I thrive what that's what pushes me motivates me right I'm the underdog story going to show I'm giving up 40 pounds of all these guys it's funny because when it comes to two 12 shows I totally forget about the 40 pounds yeah oh yeah I just say O'Clarito's in it's so like yeah you know welcome everybody to it's just bodybuilding your host Bigron Paralo Dusty Han Shah Scott to produce a McNally and the giant killer 2 time 2 12 Olympia champ Sean Clarita what's going on buddy what's up I love that title 2 time yeah no I know well that's a number so yeah I'll edit that soon remember like share subscribe comment and ring up bell yes and remember YouTube comments get priority for questions if you ask question on YouTube scots far more likely to see it yes and also the think big Patreon thank you guys big Patreon members get priority questions answered so keep that up guys remember I am mutant dot com go to imu.com get your ice and surge get your all in and everybody should get on the gear hardcore there you go for an hardcore okay we're at Arnold classic day two Saturday it's crazy in here I just handed out the wheelchair Olympia title which is always an honor every year get up on the stage and give out that title to those guys they're pretty inspirational the mood backstage is a it's unique they they're they're they're just an interesting crew of guys and all have a crazy story and you go back there and it's a it's like extra super duper positive sort of a thing and it's good to be a part of so I'm always happy to make the quick little 100 meter dash to the stage to court that out of course and we have to let everyone know it this might be a two-part episode not mine yeah it will be because Arnold's gonna come by the booth and take a photo with the mutant crew because we're you know major sponsors of the show title sponsors of the show so he's supposed to come at 1230 but he might be showing up now at 1145 so we might have to take a break we got to take the cameras down real quick because Arnold wants to stand like right here like they actually those guys so they knew exactly what's going on right yeah put him in a box yeah like he's standing here the picture happens and they were gone snipers there yeah that's the case never knows he could service all that stuff so we're pretty excited so we're gonna go we're gonna go until we get what you get to look still George gives us to George gives us the panic look yes and then we will break and then we'll talk for 10 more minutes yeah I'll be blamed there you go okay so Sean we're at the expo how's it feel this year what's going on oh man it's it feels like the expo of old days in here yeah yesterday was pretty crazy which was surprising for Friday and we knew today would be a madhouse and it is an absolute madhouse right now it's excellent to see if it's again yeah it's a 10 minute bathroom trip yeah yeah that's the point you know Friday you can snake through yeah it's pretty quick but yeah it's it's that day there we go awesome well yeah hey guys we're excited the boot looks great I got a lot of comments on it we got a 360 boot this year everybody's here there we go yes everybody's here what's the thing about that we're you training or were you doing some stupid oh we're gonna go that's how you do it yeah get that back you all didn't see he was in the wheelchair yeah cats on his leg yeah yeah we might just show random stuff with people that you can't see on the camera but it's trusted there are people there so that poster hold holy hell man that's like one of those wild moments you know speeches moment you walk in he's huge I put him yourself yeah you got like a 20 foot head yeah it's like whoa and I was thinking about this morning I woke up like you know I've been come to the events since I was a young hungry and much of bodybuilder you know 130 walking pounds and never the money is ready to ever come to the Arnold ball place and see my face on a door where hundreds of thousands people walk through yeah for all of you understand not on a door on a group of doors yeah it's like it's like a giant wall it's literally about three feet walls of massive wall of clear either doing a crap shot crazy it's a we're gonna do a smaller one but he was so thick in that shot it was putting it away to make it heck yeah yeah yeah we're we're happy for you man is it you know last year you did the Arnold yes yeah you did the open right I did the open Arnold that was crazy mean big ramen stand next to each other on stage yeah don't what's we look nervous what's that like what's standing next to ramen like I can't remember where you laugh about it and you're like this is like Lou and Flavio back in the day standing next to each other remember that remember that thing is hot yeah we'll do that black and you know you pick that the biggest guy yeah you know two-time mr Olympia and you get to stand next to him in comparison honestly I was so motivated from you know the year prior when I wanted to open Legion my open debut I was came here right to win the Arnold last year right I didn't care who those say big ramen I was ready to take him and the rest of his guy's out but again beat up there with ramen and and and and Nick and you know Samson like just beat that first quote with these guys was like that's a real wow moment yeah me and you know and definitely a member of moment my career for sure yeah when they're when when you hear that voice ramen Samson Sean yeah yeah we all dreamed about that moment who else was tough up myself Nick Nick Walker right big ramen Samson and the end jack oh yeah yeah yeah no it's funny I met the point nowhere I've seen so many shows and also I've lost track of time because I could say oh remember when brand and one last year and then does it go that's two years ago or three years ago yeah yeah so yeah man that that must be something else like I don't know wait you know when you're doing the open shows like that what would be the you know I know they're all shows you enter them all the way and you train the same all that stuff nothing changes the shows the show yeah but there's got to be a little something that's different from the new and that show isn't big for exciting yeah I think everybody's watching to see what happens right can the the band away or the two-twig guy take off the rest of the guys and I feel like it's good pressure for me to really show up and show out and and make these people like wow yeah so that was one of the biggest storylines too it was viral for for weeks it really was you got you know myself regained an insurgio all those guys were 100 pounds bigger to me yeah and and here I mean dead smack of metal then I get the win is like everyone knocks oh yeah and it was like talked about for weeks well plus they all looked great too that's the same stuff that's all they missed and you're snuck in right that was the best I'd seen regained a while yeah so I thought it was it made the Arnold make sense yeah after that some people were like well we didn't think you could win that one he did so he was to say he can't win this half you know yeah there must be when you do a two-twig show you're obviously like I'm expected to be fantastic yeah and I'm expected to win I'm expected to be like and and is it kind of fun to be an underdog again is that part of the buzz always I love that I'll even live in the twos well I'm expecting the underdog because you guys remember I'm the lightest guy in that division still still yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah for me I'm always underdog any show I go into right right so it never leaves you never I thrive what that's what pushes me motivates me right I'm the underdog story going to show I'm giving up 40 pounds of all these guys see it's funny because when it comes to two-twig shows I totally forget about the 40 pounds yeah oh yeah I just say o'clareed is it it's so like yeah yeah yeah yeah it's a valid point and it's still 40 pounds really well 40's not impressive when he's one at when he's gave up a hundred yeah yeah yeah right that's nice I was like when he's already beaten two guys were a hundred pounds but what's 40 what what are some of your favorite you know I know you're a bodybuilding historian because you're true fans you know a lot of those old shows what are some of like the guys that the the victories that you look to for inspiration like you know certain guys taking out certain shows in in past history I know that was the most extreme weight difference we've ever seen yeah but what other sort of smaller guy you know I don't know because remember marbord ward yes or marbord ward or ten just sick thing like I watched him I'm just like so that was like I really big motivation for me because he's a jersey guy as well yeah so and well I want his guy come in and knock these guys out who to say I can't do it right I'm so watching him come up and do what he's done was a big motivation for me obviously guy greens pretty good for my I've watched him when many new you grow then yeah I did we kind of want the Olympians over the past couple years you know my biggest you know inspiration and action back then yeah sure you know guy who turned pro even though the light headweeds started as a man away yeah you know obviously wanting winning what six five and six Arnold classics and Olympians I don't know me you know these guys I watch you in and motivated by you know in my like a razor right yeah it's funny how dexter there's something about dexter that inspires every single like either you're lighter or you start or you start it or you're older yeah or like there's always something about him that you know they still look great right now yeah I know like what the hell it's he's like two two tenor something but he's still got all the same bellies on his muscles it's crazy yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah he looks like a million bucks what about you what do you think it as far as like your timeline like how will be an outshot 41 41 so you look like 34 I feel like I'm 25 yeah honestly nothing there's no aches and pains you don't intrigue free of health means the horse as far as time I don't think about I mean my my honestly I might think about my time right yeah yeah honestly if anybody else can go can do a dexter dexter went to 50 right that's my goal yeah I went to what a 50 and beyond if anyone if I'm thinking right now if anybody else that could do it it would be you you know what I mean yeah um what what man so from now till the time you're 50 yeah how many years you've been pro now wow since almost 14 years so another nine years of doing damage and ruining people's days yeah and I want to take in checks from people I mean I have people crying right there people crying different way I've done I've done 50 five shows my career total I would like to maybe get to 100 oh my god how many guys have 100 shows you got me los me los sections got what very close those sections you got 100 wins yeah yeah not not too many guys have 100 shows them in a belt geez I'm trying to think who else might like me los is like one of a kind these are a couple local guys and there's all another done 100 local show right yeah yeah look the same over time oh my god you should see his Instagram 100 times thank you does he just be enruched I woke up this way yeah yeah cuz that I think Milo says like 110 or something Milo does right he was crazy yeah yeah but I love to compete I really do love to compete yeah you were actually even though with the living title like why I used to competing like why not I've been shaped I love to travel I love to compete I'm gonna do it I was thinking you know back in the day when they had that grand pre right after the old yes so they do like 10 shows in a month or 12 shows in a month or something and meet it back and Milo's used to hit that every year and you would kill at that because the problem with that is just holding condition and staying in shape and all that stuff and I know that you would kill it that I'm gonna I mean I used to watch his guys gonna play and they will land on Wednesday compete Friday on a plane 29 in there competing on Saturday it's like that would have been awesome to have that right now I would be all over that yeah I feel like the guys were closer that way too though because yeah cuz they were hanging together they were on tour to get them yeah they're taking this they're all taking the same bus to the airport they're all boarding the same flight they're all taking the same bus low-tell they're all checking in the same hotel that's how it all used to work right that's how it was really cool time and it's how to create these epic stories and memories together like you hit that's these guys I was like you remember that time when that plane when we did X-Y he's like yeah I want to do that well that the most famous grand pre story that I can think of is the Ronnie Coleman Kevin LeVron story yeah that's the most you know that that's probably be like that's that's the best European Grand Prix story is that one and and I know just shows how the guys had all that opportunity to try stuff you know like if you had just done seven shows in two weeks you'd be totally up for just winging it and trying something yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah you get 10th one day and go back to what you did for the other show you know exactly so yeah no it was a fun time but yeah I thought of you a few times when we were talking about those those grand pre you know what was the most shows you didn't the year I think five yeah five or six shows yeah yeah no problem for you no no honestly I love honestly for me I'd rather stay in shape longer because I know I'll get better right I'm just able to move and feel better training feels better just walking around feels better so yeah no tells about the gym wow yeah so I will get to Texas you know obviously my home gym signature fitness surgery was amazing we decided to move to Texas but unfortunately the gym scene wasn't that great and obviously me as team it could still be a competitor it was like hey I'm missing something and it was a gym scene right so instead of running around I was literally driving from one gym to the next is training on the legs here back here arms it was just too much but since it's here in in Dallas area right yeah Dallas it's a big you know it's not close at all yeah it's far away yeah so I was like you know what I'm gonna do something crazy something I've always wanted to do and why not do it now I'm gonna build my own gym so I literally built it from the ground up you know the truck to the building how I wanted it as far as like what often it's holding room full everything and I literally took us almost six months to build it it's up and running right now and obviously we need a few more pieces it's always gonna be you know having a gym it's never done yeah always bringing in stuff taking stuff out always wanted to make it better some breaks yeah yeah exactly but now we're fully running right now as if you're fully private gym you know I only have to keep in my wife that's it right you know eventually I want to do some one-on-one training I want to one-posing we've opposed opposing room in air as well and eventually I get to the point where I'll open it up so maybe 20-30 people you gotta be it nice yeah that's what you dream gym yeah it's a little income just to help me for the rent yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah literally hand picked equipment like I was literally getting stuff brought in from all over the country to hand track to the Flex Fitness side back all oh equipment we're on marketplace every five minutes you gotta have been put in tension always low-to-date meditation once you start buying stuff a market oh my god I've bad I have a million messages scrolling through are you is it on your property Where's it out for you? Five minutes away from my house. Nice. Nice. So it's an it's an I can offer you an area. So you wouldn't be able to find it. There's some signages. There's nothing fancy. It's an middle of nowhere. So it's basically, um, door and gym. Pretty much. Yeah. For example, where had to be I had to be walked to find it. The first one. Yeah. If you don't know, you would get lost. Well, I definitely want to come and see your gym. Absolutely. And I like the idea that I wiki get some footage just driving nowhere. It's literally just planned. You're really set it up. No, it's just a white building. You're like, that must be it. A couple of cows. What are you around? Some horses. You don't find it. I want to ask you about the shoes. Oh yeah. So I really love that pair you got on. Thank you. You got to get a shot of the shoe here. Yes. Yeah. I didn't realize. I, you know, I thought you designed a shoe that you liked. You're going to see a shoe for you. Yeah. And you designed the GK. Your column of GK's, right? GK ones. GK ones. So I'm looking at the GK's. I'm like, that's a sharp look at shoe. And then you started telling me what it actually was. Yes. And now I get it. So when my partner and I, Dell is starting to make an shoes, he's like, what are your favorite shoes or favorite, you know, Caraclaw athletes? Obviously Michael Jordan's going number one. So all my favorite, all my fingers are inspired by Jordan, so easy and the bronze. So if you look at the shoe, they've got to hint them everything. We've got the Jordan three mesh. The Jordan 11, you know, side here. We've got the Jordan three, you know, emblem here. So everything has a little bit of everything in here. That's what you see. I didn't realize it. That's what I like. I like how it looked. But then when he started point now, it's nothing. It's little details. Yeah. Yeah. That's a thing, man. And a really cool thing. And no one knows you have it because they don't have them. Every GK one bottom goes a dark. No, no way. No shoe will a dark. Yeah. That's. You understand that would be different. And bring some news in the market. And obviously think it is things you go over 20 years. Think your sneaker head, birds and a bodybuilder. You know, sneaker head first to bodybuilder seconds. He's the best in the world at bodybuilder. He's the best in the world sneakers. Yeah. He made it something new. Right. Fresh. And I decided to take the leap. My partner in here. We have it now. That is a great place to break. Great there. We got it. Got it. At this point. Yeah. I'm getting the word up. And there's Heather now. Okay. Let us know. She's got her eyes on us. We're getting it. We're going to shut it down for Arnie. And we're going to be back right after we take our picture. I'll get some video. I'll try to work there.